





1031. 




ANN JONES,


 ELIZABETH LAWLESS
, and 



MARGARET CLYNE
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
24th of February, 15 shillings and 4 sixpences, the monies of 



William Mildon, from his person.






WILLIAM MILDON
. I am a tailor, and live in William-street, Pimlico. On the 24th of February, about one o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner Jones at the corner of Broad-street, Hoi born—I was sober—she caught me by the arm, and asked me to go home with her—I went with her to Lascelles-court, leading out of Holborn, or St. Giles's, opposite

plumtree-street, into a room on the ground floor—after I got in she asked me for 2s., which I gave her—we then got on the bed—I had not been there two minutes, before I felt her hand in my skirt coat pocket, where I bad 21s., some halfpence, and a handkerchief—I jumped up as quickly as possible, and so did she, and 4s. fell on the floor—I found my handkerchief partly out of my pocket—I accused her of robbing me—the other two prisoners then came into the room, and two or three more persons—Jones made her escape—I followed her—there were two men outside—I followed Jones, and came up to her in Lascelles-passage—I seized her, and threw her down—the other two prisoners and some more persons came to her assistance, and I could see the money pass from one to the other—they did not strike me, but they released Jones from me, and kept me down till she got across the street—I had seen the money pass from her to the others—in a short time two or three policemen came—I stated the case—they went across the street, and brought the three prisoners back to me in less than two minutes—I lost 17s.—I picked up 4s. in the room, and 2s. which Jones tried to drop into an area, when she was in custody.





SAMUEL RUTHERFORD
 (police-constable F 118.) I was on duty—the prosecutor described the event to me, and soon after I saw the three prisoners standing in Plumtree-street—I took them, and in going to the station-house Jones attempted to throw 2s. down an area—I then saw her fumbling in her bosom, and took 6s. 6d. out of her hand.

Jones's Defence, I was not the girl that he picked up—I was in the White Hart at the time—I gave the, officer the money from my hand, and what fell was from my bosom.





EDWARD GOLDSMITH
. I am a plasterer. On the 23rd, or early on the 24th of February, the prosecutor came and broke open my door, at No. 9, Salutation-court, which is very near Lascelles-court—he actually tore my wife out of the house—he said, "You b—y w—e, you have robbed me of 30s."—I told him he had made a mistake, but I was ill with the rheumatic gout at the time—it was between twelve and one o'clock—my door was partly open—I was having my supper—I am a journeyman plasterer—I worked for Mr. Cubit for seven years, and since then three months for Mr. Theobald, of Islington.





WILLIAM MILDON

re-examined. There is no truth in what this man has stated—the next witness who is coming up is one of the men who was outside the door at the time.





WILLIAM HORFORD
. I am a basket-maker, and live in Belton-street. I was in St. Giles's on this night—I turned up the court, and heard a disturbance between Mr. Goldsmith, his wife, and the prosecutor—I was not with the prisoners—I know nothing of them, but I heard the prosecutor say to Mrs. Goldsmith that she was the b—y w—e who had robbed him, and he would give her in charge—I did not know Mr. Goldsmith before, but I met him last night again, and he said, "The trial comes on tomorrow, will you have the kindness to come and speak the truth?"

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Year.

LAWLESS—


NOT GUILTY
.

CLYNE—


NOT GUILTY
.
