



653. 




SARAH HILLIER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of January, 1 cloak, value 1l.; 1 veil, value 6d.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 1s.; 2 candlesticks, value 2s.; 1 purse, value 1d.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.; 1 cap, value 6d.; and 1 apron, value 6d.; the goods of 



Henry Christmas.






SARAH CHRISTMAS
. I am the wife of Henry Christmas. The prisoner has been in my service, and left me on this day week—I have been very ill, and she used to attend me—I did not know she Was gone till I missed my cloak, veil, and other things—they axe here now—this cloak and veil are mine—(looking at them)—I missed them within half an hour of the time she left me—I was confined to my bed at the time.

Prisoner. She allowed me to wear the things. Witness. I did not know that she had the things on her—she asked me once to lend her the cloak I have on, but she let me have that again.

Prisoner. She did so to all the lodgers—before she was indicted she used to go out and pick up dirty girls and dress them, and she was sent to Brixton. Witness. What I have done I have suffered for, and I am sorry for it, but I have not done it since—she came to me as a charwoman—she never brought any men to my house—she never saw any one in the house more than myself—I did not take her to Ratcliff-highway with one of the lodgers—I did not give her leave to wear the things, nor pledge the candlesticks, which she did—I never allowed her to pledge them.





HARRIET RATHBONE
. I am a pawnbroker. I took in these candlesticks from a female—I did not take much notice of her—I cannot describe her—this is the counterpart of the duplicate given for them—they were pledged on the 23rd.





HUGH CROTHERS
 (police-constable M 114.) I went after the prisoner, and took her—I found a duplicate corresponding with this one of the candlestick—the other things I found on her person—I took her in High-street, Borough, and the prosecutrix lives in Market-street, near the Elephant and Castle—it was half-past eleven o'clock at night—she had left at three o'clock in the afternoon—the candlesticks were pawned the same day.

Prisoner's Defence. She gave me leave to pledge the things, and allowed me to wear things—she keeps a house of the same description at No. 3,

Market-street—she did not tell me exactly to go out for her—I helped her move, for one thing.




GUILTY* of stealing the candlestick.—Aged 26.—Recommended to mercy.—


Transported for Seven Years.
