



1479. 




JAMES RHOADES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of May, 1 ass, price 18s.; 1 set of harness, value 2s.; and 1 cart, value 2l.; the property and goods of 



William Carr.






WILLIAM CARR
. I am a costermonger, and get my bread in the street with my donkey and cart. On the 18th of May I left my donkey and cart at the Old Bailey—I left it between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, while I went into Newgate-market, for about three quarters of an hour—when I came back it was gone—I found the donkey and harness with Mr. Groves, the same afternoon—I do not know the prisoner—I lost the donkey, the cart, the harness and all—I found the cart near the middle of Little Skinner-street—it had my name on it.





FRANCIS GROVES
. I live in Tower-street, and am a coal and coke dealer—I did not know the prisoner before this happened, but on the 18th of May, between ten and eleven o'clock, he offered me the donkey and harness for 16s., and then for 14s.—there was no cart—I said I would give him 12s., and 6d. to drink, and he took it—I asked his name—he said, "James Barlow, No. 15, Church-street, Greenwich"—he said he had had it from sixteen to seventeen months, and had been selling hearth-stones round there for that time.





WILLIAM HARPER
. I am a bricklayer. I was at work at the corner of the court in Tower-street, where Groves lives—the prisoner led the donkey and cart up the court to Mr. Grovcs's door, and Groves beckoned me in to see

that he paid the money, as there were so many rum dealings, he did not know who was safe—Mr. Groves asked the prisoner his name, and address—he said, "James Barlow, No. 15, Church-street, Greenwich"—he said he could not write—I wrote it, and he put his mark.





JAMES PEPPER
 (police-constable L 51.) I took the prisoner in charge.

Prisoner's Defence. On the 18th of May, I was very ill and not out, and on the Thursday following I was in Covent-garden—a man accused me of this—I know nothing of it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
