






1911. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PORRATT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     RUSH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, 2 painting brushes, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lorkin
                        




                     
                   and another, his masters
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LORKIN
               



            . I live in Aldersgate-street


, and am an oil and colour man
. Porratt has been six years in my service and Rush about two; I paid them a guinea a week - in consequence of several losses, the officer marked some brushes in our warehouse.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM HARRISON
               



            . I am a City-officer. I marked the brushes, in company with the prosecutor's foreman on the 9th of July, and put them into their place again; I was placed in the spice-room, to watch, and about half-past two o'clock, I saw Rush come from the place where he was at work, take two brushes, and place them under his smock-frock; I remained quiet till the men went to dinner - I then asked the foreman which way they were gone; he said they were but just gone - I had a brother officer outside, who told me they were gone to the King's-arms: I had them all brought back, and charged Rush with having them - he said he had nothing on him; I searched him, but found nothing - I found the brushes on Porratt.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. I suppose you were placed there for the purpose of watching? Yes; I had known the persons who work there by going there occasionally, I have seen Porratt there - I did not say the reason I knew Rush took them, was because he had a cap on - I said he had a cap; I said to him, "This is the cap you had on," and he said he had no cap - I have been twelve years an officer; I think Rush told me thatPorratt wore a smock-frock, but I do not know that I ever saw him in one - I looked through some rails, and saw him before he took the brushes.
COURT. Q. Are you sure Rush took the brushes? A. Yes.


                  GEORGE 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am a warehouseman in the prosecutors' employ. On the 28th of June the officer marked some brushes and I marked some, but these are two the officer marked; they were found on Porratt - the officer came and said some property had been taken; I called the men back, when they had been out about two minutes.
Cross-examined. Q. Then they were found about two minutes after they had gone out? A. Yes; Porratt could get to where the brushes were, but he had no business there - I had not suspected Porratt of going to the brush room for improper purposes, nor cautioned him not to go; I have asked him and others what they went up stairs for, when I have seen them coming down.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PORRATT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.
RUSH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
