






1211. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SOPHIA 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 1 watch, value 30s., and 1 watch-key, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Greedus
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  GREEDUS
               



            . I am a weaver
, and live in Bethnal-green. On the 24th of April, about a half-past eleven o'clock at night, I met the prisoners; I was the worse for liquor, but I knew all the transaction - I passed them- Brown came after me, and asked me to accompany her home; after some time I went with her - as we were going along the other prisoner came up, and said she lived in the same apartment - I went with them to George-street, Spitalfields


; we went up into a room, but did not go to bed - I think they both had money of me, but I cannot say how much; I know I changed a crown-piece,and it was nearly all gone - we had some porter; I did not fall asleep - I sat in company with them till they decamped, and I suspected they had taken something; I then missed my watch - they did not make any excuse for going away; I did not follow them - I was rather too far gone in liquor; I could not run in a strange place - I called for an officer out of the window.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             (Police-constable H 120). The prosecutor called to me; I went up - he said he had lost his watch; he was in liquor, but seemed to know what he was about; he described the prisoners, and I took them at the Two Brewers, in Whitecross-street, in company together, and one of them, (I cannot say which,) threw this watch under the settle - I took it up.
Johnson. Q.Were there not other persons there? A. Yes; two men and one woman, but it was one of you two who threw it down.
Brown. He swears false; if he saw it thrown he must have seen who threw it - the prosecutor came to the sign of the Frying Pan, and gave us drink there.


                  ISAAC 
                  GREBDUS
               



            . No; I never left the room till six o'clock in the morning - I stopped there all night; this is my watch.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
