



393. 




MARY JONES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of December, at 
St. George-the-Martyr, 1 bonnet, value 3s. 6d.; 7 caps, value 3s. 6d.; 2 gowns, value 4s.; 1 veil, value 2s.; 2 collars, value 6d.; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 



Ann Phillips; and 1 bonnet, value 5s., the goods of 



Charlotte Phillips; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






ANN PHILLIPS
. I am single, and am a servant out of place, I saw these clothes safe on the evening of the 17th of December, in my mother's bed-room, at No. 42 White-street—she occupies the house, but she was in the Borough Computer for debt, and I was taking care of her house—on the 18th of December, about half-past two o'clock, I went out and took her her dinner—I was fetched before four o'clock, and found the property gone—the prisoner was quite a stranger, and had no right to be in the house.





ANN RUMNEY
. I lodge in the second floor front room in the prosecutrix's house. On the 18th December, between two and three o'clock, I was looking out of the window, and saw the prisoner come into the house without any bundle; and as I knew nobody was at home but myself, I went up stairs, but could find nodody—I went up stairs again, looked out of window, and saw her go out with a bundle.





JAMES COPEMAN
. I am a policeman. On the 18th December, I had information of the robbery, and next day the prosecutrix gave me information—I produce a bonnet, which I got from Mrs. Lilley.





CHARLOTTE LILLEY
. The prisoner brought that bonnet to me on the 18th of December, between three and four o'clock, and offered it for sale—I gave her 1s. 3d. for it.
(Bonnet produced, and sworn to.)





JOHN ASLETT
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate from the office of Mr. Lawson, the clerk of the peace for the county of Surrey, of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I know her to be the person—she was tried by the name of Mary Johnson.




GUILTY
. Aged 44.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

