





338. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, 1 sheet, value 1s.; 3 shirts, value 6d., 1 gown, value 1d; 1 shift, value 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 apron, value 1d.; 5 caps, value 1s.; 1 collar, value 6d.; 1 pinafore, value 1d.; 1 napkin, value 1d.; 1 bag, value 2d.; 1 handkerchief, value 1d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1d., and 1 shawl, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Walley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ANN 
                  WALLEY
               



            . I am the wife of John Walley - he lives in Whitecross-street, and is a chair-maker
. On the 29th of December, I was coming out of Goswell-street


 with my husband - he had a bundle on his right arm; I saw the prisoner and several other men together - one of the men pushed up against my husband, and asked if there was not room for him to walk on the pavement as well as him - my husband said, "Yes, my good fellow;" and we were going to cross - the prisoner then came up, put his hand on the bundle and said, "What have you got here?" my husband said he did not know, and he asked me; I said it was of no consequence, it was mine - the prisoner then snatched the bundle, and ran off; I ran after him and his companions - my husband followed; I lost sight of the prisoner for four or five minutes - when I saw him again he was in Bell-alley, with the Policeman, who had the property; I can swear to his being the man who took the bundle - it contained all the articles stated in the indictment; I was not in any alarm till it had happened - it was taken at one snatch; my husband had hold of the bundle, and so had I - my hand was on it.
JURY. Q. Was the prisoner a perfect stranger to you? A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  WALLEY
               



            . I am the husband of this witness. I have heard what she has stated; it is true - I recollected the prisoner's person; he is the man who took my bundle.


                  GEORGE 
                  OVERS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was in Crown-court, Goswell-street, on the 29th of December - I heard Stop thief! called, and ran into Bell-alley; I met the prisoner running, with this bundle under his arm, I suppose three hundred yards from where the prosecutor describes the bundle was lost, which was in Fann-street, near Goswell-street.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been at work at the Asylum, and the job was stopped for a fortnight - I came away, and brought two shirts and some other articles home with me; I got rather intoxicated going home, was knocked down at the corner of a street, and my bundle was taken from me - I got up and ran; I saw the prosecutor with this bundle in his hand, and thought it was mine - I took it, ran off, and did not know till the next morning that it was not.


                  GEORGE 
                  OVERS
               



            . He had been drinking, but was perfectly sensible.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
