



1757. 




REUBEN BARNARD BULLOCK
 was indicted

 for embegzelement.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HOLDEN
. I am in the employ of Mr. Bradley. He buys cheese of Mr. Dawes, of Chichester—they come to town by Moles' waggon—on the 5th of August, 1834, the prisoner called, and I paid him 1l. 15s. for the carriage of some cheese, which had been delivered before—this is the receipt he gave me—he wrote it in my presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean to swear that you paid the prisoner yourself? A. Yes; I believe it was on a Tuesday—I paid him in the counting-house—I do not think any one else was there—I brought this book because I have entered the money in it.





GEORGE PERRY
. I am clerk to Messrs. Moles, of Newgate-street. They deal with Mr. Burch, of Chichester—on the 13th of December I paid the prisoner 5l. 12s. 6d. for the carriage of some cheese—he gave me these two receipts—out of the 309 loaf-cheese which were received, eleven were broken, and we deducted 10s. for them.

Cross-examined. Q. For whom did you pay it? A. For the agent in London, Mr. Pritchett, to be transferred to Mr. Burch—it was for the carriage of the cheese—we paid it, that it might eventually get to Mr. Burch—it was paid on his account.





EDWARD PRICHETT
. I and another person are proprietors of the Bell inn, Warwick-lane. It is a wagon office—Mr. Dases sends cheese there—when it arrives, it is delivered according to the note which the carman takes out—I am answerable for the money to Mr. Dawes—the prisoner was in our employ, and was to receive any money he was sent for, and account to Mr. Wrangle for it, and enter it as received in the cash-book, which I hold in my hand—here is no entry of 1l. 15s. on the 5th of August, and he never accounted to me for it—on the 13th of December, here is credit given to Messrs. Moles for 2l. 5s. 6d.—he did not account to me for any more of that—these receipts are the prisoner's writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you examined at the office? A. Yes—if the prisoner was desired by Mr. Wrangle to receive money, it was his duty to do so—he was authorized to receive money by me and my partner—I said in the first instance that he was not, but I was prevented from explaining—the Magistrate called up Holden before I had time to explain.

Q. Do you mean to say that you tendered him the slightest explanation, and he refused to hear it? A. No, I did not—I cannot be positive whether I swore that the prisoner was not authorized to receive money on our account—I said he was not allowed to receive money, meaning this particular money—he never was sent out by me to collect these monies—it was his duty to sit at the desk and receive any money—I have only one partner.

JURY. Q. Did you ever send him to collect money? A. I do not know that I did—it was left to Mr. Wrangle, if he desired him to collect money he would do it.






JOSEPH WRANGLE
. I was clerk to the prosecutor in August and December last year. The prisoner was my fellow-clerk—it was his duty to copy bills, to enter them in the book, and to do any thing that I desired him—he received money among other things, and it was his duty to pay it to me, or enter it in the receiving-book—I do not recollect that he accounted to me for 1l. 15s., received on the 5th of August, and it is not entered in the book, which it would have been if he had paid it—on the 13th December, here is entered 2l. 5s. 6d., and no more—we transmitted to Mr. Dawes once a month the money we received for him—here is an account of the delivary of eight-three cheeses to Mr. Bradely, on the 7th of July—the carriage is 1l.15s.—this receipt of the 1l. 15s. is for the carriage of those cheeses—the prisoner here charges his employers with the receipt of it on account of Mr. Dawes, but has not accounted for it—on the 13th of December, here is an entry of 2l. 5s. 5d., in the prisoner's writing—in this book, here is an entry of a consignment of cheeses to Mr. Bredley—the charge for carriageis 1l. 15s.,—there is in the column beyond, "T. Burch," which is the name of the person the chees came from—it is in the prisoner's writing, and written on an erasure—when this account was transmitted to Mr. Burch, the sum of 1l.15s. must have stood there.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you make out the statement? A. No; the prisoner did—I do not recollect whether I was there when he made it—I might have been—I can swear those figures were there when he made it—I cannot be positive that I saw them, but the bill was copied by the prisoner into this book—the figures have been here, but I cannot swear that I saw them—I do not know that I cast up this column.
(George Thompson, a baker, of Falcon-square; George Serjeant, a newspaper vender, of Butcher-hall-lane; and George Shepherd, an engraver, of Red Cross-square, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for seven years.
