





1132. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  GAME
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of August
, 1 unmade frock, value 1s.; 2 shillings, and 4 sixpences
            ; the goods and monies of 
               
                  William 
                  Simmonds
               



            .
Two other Counts, stating it to belong to 
               
                  William 
                  Matthews
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Titchmarsh
               



            .
JOHN TITCHMARSH. I am the driver of the Southgate stage
, and have the charge of parcels in the stage - I came to town with my stage to the Flower Pot, in Bishopsgate-street


, on the evening of the 11th of August; I lost a parcel but I did not know what it contained - it was not directed - I was to give it to Mrs. Simmonds.


                  GEORGE 
                  ELY
               



            . I am a cheesemonger. I was near the Flower Pot, on the evening of the 11th of August, at seven o'clock, and saw the prisoner take a small paper parcel out of the front boot of the prosecutor's coach, and put it into his pocket - I informed the last witness when he missed it.


                  ROBERT 
                  BRITTON
               



            . I keep the Marlborough Head, in Bishopsgate-street Within. On the evening of the 11th of August, about ten minutes after seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner at my house - he came in at a quick step through the passage of my bar - it is a small room which I have, where the stage coachmen leave their coats - I saw him go out - he was in the habit of coming in for passengers - about a quarter of an hour afterwards, I went into the room with a light, and found a small parcel, which I produce, underneath the seat, in a place where he had placed a pair of trowsers in the morning, which were given him by a coachman - he had made an excuse to go in and fetch them out.


                  EMMA 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . I made up a paper parcel to send by the coach on the 11th of August - this is it - it contains an unmade frock, four sixpences, and two shillings - it was to be sent to my sister, who is the wife of William Simmonds - William Mathews is the coach proprietor
.

Prisoner's Defence. I am in the habit of meeting this coach, and several others, to help passengers out - I gave them several parcels - the passengers were all gone off, and I went away to get my small-clothes from this room to take to the tailor's.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
