





1903. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     COVELEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Beet
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEET
               



            . I am a tailor
. I was by Westminster-hall


 between two and three o'clock in the afternoon of the 30th of September - I felt my handkerchief taken from my pocket; I turned, and saw it in the possession of the prisoner, who was making his way through the crowd - it was the procession of presenting the Sheriffs; I saw him throw the handkerchief on the ground - this is it; it was about his breast; he had not put it into his pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. A boy threw the handkerchief to me, and when it was owned I did not deny having it - I did not know it was stolen.
JURY to WILLIAM BEET. Q. How long was it before you saw it with him? A. But a minute - I did not see any other boys with him.


                  RICHARD 
                  PURCHASE
               



            . I was in Palace-yard - I saw another lad draw the handkerchief, and throw it down; the prisoner took it up, and was running away with it - this gentleman ran and took him; the Police-officer came up, and took him - he had run about eight yards; the one who took it had a blue jacket and blue cap - I had not known either of them before; I was close to the prisoner when he was taken, but I was behind him when this was done - he turned, and ran towards me; the prosecutor was not thirty yards from me - I was asked by the prisoner's friends to come here, when I went to the office to see how he got on.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MEARS
               



            , I was present, and saw another boy run away; the prisoner turned, and went a pace or two briskly, and the gentleman took the handkerchief from him directly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
