




333. 




THOMAS RUTSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of December, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



George Lindsey, from his person.






GEORGE LINDSEY
. I live in Grosvenor-place, Commercial-road. On Saturday night. the 18th of December, I was in Houndsditch about half-past six o'clock, and felt something pulling at my coat pocket—I turned round and saw the prisoner and another person with him—my handkerchief was gone—I seized the other, and the prisoner ran away—I let the other go then, and ran after the prisoner and collared him—nothing was found on him, he was quite close to the other man.

Prisoner, You said at the Mansion House you saw the handkerchief on the ground, and the other man picked it up. Witness. I taw nothing of the handkerchief at all—I am sure you are the person who ran away.





EDWARD DAVIS
. I live in Castle-street, Houndsditch, and am apprentice to Mr. Robertson, of Church-street. I was coming from my house towards Bishopsgate-church, and saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and as I was going to tell the gentleman, he felt his handkerchief gone—I ran with him, and he caught the other—I was running after the prisoner, and he let the other go, and followed with me—the prisoner had dropped the handkerchief when the other man was seized—and when the other got away he took it up and ran away with it—he was taken in St. Mary-axe, and it was there I saw him drop the handkerchief.





WIILIAM RUDGE
. I am a constable. I was on duty on Sunday night and heard the cry of "Stop thief—I saw the people running—the prosecutor came up, holding the prisoner by the collar, and I took him into custody in St. Mary-axe, about one hundred and fifty yards from Houndsditch—there was a great mob of people.

Prisoner's Defence. I never was in Houndsditch at all—I was standing there hearing the cry of "Stop thief—the prosecutor did not collar me.

MR. LINDSEY
re-examined. He was walking when I collared him—he had run down Camomile-street.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
