





807. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 45 sovereigns, 7 half sovereigns, and 53 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Boyd
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
2nd-COUNT, stating it to be of the monies of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Boyd
               



             and others, in the dwelling-house of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Boyd
               



            .

3rd COUNT, stating it to be of the monies of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Boyd
               



             and others, in their dwelling-house.
CHRISTOPHER BOYD. I have a house in Fleet-street, in the parish of St. Bride's


. I pay the rent and taxes out of the profits of the concern; I have the management of the business for my father and his partner - I dwell in the house, and engage all the servants, whom I pay out of the profits of the concern; I am not a partner - the partners are Thomas Boyd and two others. On the 22nd of December I engaged the prisoner as light porter
, and on the 24th I left town, leaving the house in charge of Mr. 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Varty
               



             - the next morning I received a note that some cash had been missed; I came to town - the prisoner was not there; I missed 51l. 13s. - I think there were forty-five sovereigns, seven half sovereigns, and 2l. 13s. in silver; I heard nothing of the prisoner for about a month after, when I received information that a person had been committed to Kingston gaol on a charge of breaking a lamp - I found it was the prisoner; I got a warrant, and he was taken to Guildhall.
STEWART DANGLISH. I am in the service of Mr. Boyd; I sit at the desk one week. On the night of the 24th of December, I left by the desk forty-five sovereigns, seven half-sovereigns, and 53s., in silver, at half-past nine o'clock - we closed the shop at nine, and the prisoner and the other porter were then cleaning the windows; Mr. Varty the principal clerk, sleeps in the house - I left the money on the ledge by the desk.


                  JONATHAN 
                  VARTY
               



            . I recollect this witness coming and telling me what money he had left on the desk on the evening of the 24th of December; I came down, and missed the money - the other porter remained, but the prisoner was gone.
WILLIAM SOUSTER. I was porter to Mr. Boyd; on the 24th of December; the prisoner was my fellow servant, for that day only - he had come that morning; the desk was at the lower end of the shop, nearer to Farringdon-street; on Monday and Friday, after the shop is shut, it is a rule to clean the windows - this was on Monday, and I set about cleaning the windows - the shopmen were all up stairs at the time; the prisoner told me, he would give me a penny if I would clean his window for him, as he was so awkward, he was afraid he should break them - I said I would, if he would finish mine, which were at the Farringdon-street end - I then missed him - I did not see him go out; I remained in the shop till eleven o'clock; when the cash was missed, I was sent to the prisoner's house, but he was not at home.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FELTHAM
               



             (Police-constable C 90). I apprehended the prisoner on the 2nd of February, at Kingston; he began to speak to me as we were coming along; I told him he had better say what he had to say before the Alderman - he then said it was a planned thing with Tim Leary and Bill Allen, and they had acted as b-y rogues to him, or they would have paid the money - he said he knew it was quite up with him, when Mr. Boyd found him out - he said he was ashamed of himself, and he ought to doat on the ground Mr. Boyd walked on, as he had been a good master and a father to him; I said, "You must have made hay while the sun shone to spend 53l.;" he said, "It soon went away with the boys and girls."
Prisoner. It is false; I never said a word to him coming along at all.
SAMUEL GARDNER. I am the driver of a van from the Elephant and Castle. On the 2nd of February, which was Saturday morning, I was engaged to fetch the prisoner up from Kingston gaol - I went with Feltham; in coming up Robinhood-hill; the prisoner said, the moment the knock came to the door, and they were all called up, he knew he was wanted; in coming along he said, if it had not been for 
               
                  Tim 
                  Leary
               



             and Bill Allen, he would not have been there, and they ought to have paid the money for him; the Policeman told him to reserve what he had to say till he came before the Alderman; the officer said, "You must have made hay while the sun shone, to get through that money;" he said it would have lasted him and his family for twelve months; the prisoner said, "You know what a parcel of boys are, when they get together; it soon goes."
MATILDA COWARD. I live with my mother, in Gravel-lane, Southwark. On the evening of Christmas day I was at a neighbour's house, and saw Tim Leary there and a young man named Allen; Leary pulled out some money - I went down the yard some time after, and saw Johnson, the prisoner; he asked me if I had heard any thing about him - I told him No; he said if any one asked me if I had seen him I was to say No - I cannot say what quantity of money Leary produced in his hand, but he dropped one sovereign; I cannot tell whether it was gold, silver or copper that he had in his hand - I did not take notice; if any one said it was a handful of sovereigns he pulled out that is not true.
Q. Is this your hand-writing? A. Yes; this mark is mine - this paper was read over to me before Mr. Alderman Atkins; I told the same story I have now.
ANN SUGDEN. I live in Gravel-lane. On Christmas-day I met the prisoner, with Tim Leary and Bill Allen - Leary pulled out some money, but it was in a dark street, and I could not see it well; he said he was going to Ireland - I was returning home some time after, and saw the prisoner, who told me if any one asked if I had seen him, to say that I had not; I had known them as neighbour's children - the prisoner's parents live in King's-gardens, Gravel-lane - I was in service at Woolwich nine months ago.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
