



1509. 




HENRY KING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of February, 1 gelding, price 1l. 1s., the property of 



John Langridge.






JOHN LANGRIDGE
. I am a cab proprietor, and live in Harper's-mews, Theobald's-road—the prisoner was in my service as horse-keeper. On the 23rd of February I sent him with a horse which was glandered to Mr. Watts, King's-cross, a horse-slaughterer, to sell her for what he could get, and he did not return—about two months afterwards I saw him in custody

in Harper's-mews, close to my stable—he said, "They have caught me at last"—I said, "A good job too" he said, "You may as well come and appear against me now, that I may have it all at once."

Prisoner. You said in the yard of Hatton-garden that you would compromise the matter, provided I had a friend present. Witness. Atcbelor, who bought the horse, spoke to him on the subject, and I said I did not wish to prosecute if I could get what I lost.





JOHN ATCHELOR
. I am a horse-slaughterer, and live in Sharp's-alley, Cow-cross. On Thursday, the 23rd of February, I bought a glandered horse of the prisoner for a guinea—he told me it was his own, and gave me the name of King, and said he was a cab-man, and lived in Harper's-mews—the prosecutor afterwards came to me to go to Hatton-garden, and he said if he could get his money he would not go before the Magistrate—I know Watts—I have nothing to do with him in businesshe lives a mile from me.





PATRICK LANDERS
. I went with the prosecutor to Watts the next morning and made inquiry—he could not find the horse, and then went to Atchelor's.





WILLIAM BELTON
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was given in my charge, on the 22nd of April.





JOHN LANGRIDGE

re-examined. I had had no communication with Watts about the horse—I had never dealt with him, but my brother advised me to send it to him—I am certain I told the prisoner to take it to Watts—I did not name anybody else.

Prisoner. I was tried last Sessions for embezzlement, this very saw case. He told me to sell it anywhere without reserve. Witness. It is quite wrong—when I sent him with the horse, I sent Landers with him to receive the money—the prisoner was only to take the horse there, not to receive the money—they left my premises together with it.





PATRICK LANDERS

re-examined. I went with the prisoner to Watts, but he was not at home—I then went home and left the prisoner at King's Cross—he was to take the horse home as I supposed, he was not to wait there for Watts—he asked me to go with him, but I would not.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Baron Parke.

