





1218. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     SIMMONDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 8 pieces of carpeting, containing 12 yards, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Butcher
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  BYAS
               



            . I live in Greek-street, Soho, and am a pawnbroker. I received two remnants of carpet from the prisoner on the 10th of March; I gave him this duplicate - I think I have seen him before.


                  STEPHEN 
                  STEPHENS
               



            . I have two remnants of carpet, pawned on the 15th of March by the prisoner - I am quite sure of his person.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREW
               



             SIMPSON. I have two remnants of carpet, pawned on the 16th of May; I have no doubt of the prisoner, from his general appearance.


                  MICHAEL 
                  COMERFORD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Long-acre. I have two remnants of carpet, pawned by the prisoner, on the 16th of March; I gave this duplicate - he said they were his own.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FRYER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on the 17th of May, in Wheeler-street, Spitalfields.
WILLIAM BUTCHER. These carpets are mine. I am a carpet-agent
, and live in Great Marlborough-street


 - I know them by the pattern; this piece had been at our house on the 18th February - we never sell these; the prisoner was not in our employ.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to Lambeth-street office on the 17th of March - I found three duplicates on him, referring to the articles produced; he told me he had picked them up.
Prisoner. I know nothing of them - I had them to pawn for a man named Simpson.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
