




119. 




ELIZABETH MULLINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of November, 8 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, and 3 shillings, the monies of 



George Cope, from his person.






GEORGE COPE
. I am a stone-mason, and live in Exmouth-street, Hampstead-road. On Monday night, the 11th of November, I met the prisoner in Hampstead-road—she accosted me—after a little conversation she went with me to my lodging—there was a young man in the room, who lodges there—there was only one bed in the room—the prisoner got into the bed with me—we left there at six o'clock in the morning, went to a public-house, and then to a coffee-shop—she left me about one o'clock—I told her I had to go to Marylebone police-office to meet a friend—I missed some money on Tuesday evening—the last time I saw it safe was in a public-house, where I was with my friend, about half an hour after I left the prisoner—I then joined her again at Marylebone office—she then had a cloak on, which she had not in the morning—we went to a public-house—I saw her pick up a fourpenny piece in the street, and she paid for a quartern of gin with it—we went to another public-house in Rathbone-place, and went to a variety of public-houses, and after that I missed my money—when I saw it I had three sovereigns, one half-sovereign, two half-crowns, and three shillings—I have found none of it—both of us got very drunk, and the prisoner sent for a cab—I felt in my pocket for money, and it was all gone but some halfpence—I had not seen it after one o'clock—I told her I had lost my money, and she must have taken it—she laughed, and made some reply—I told the caiman to stop, and call a policeman, which he did—on the way to the station-house the prisoner delivered me a key which had been in my waistcoat pocket, where my money was—I do not think my money had tumbled out—I was not down on the floor or on the seat—I might have fallen asleep—there was some money found on her.

Prisoner. Can you say that I had any of your money to buy my cloak? A. No.





SOPHIA NOBLE
. I am the wife of James Noble. I live at the station-house—the prisoner and the prosecutor were brought in quite drunk, on the night of the 12th of November—I searched the prisoner, and found in the pocket of her gown one sovereign, 2l. in silver, lid. in copper, and a bad shilling—her pocket was drawn up out of the gown, and put into her bosom—I took her into a little room, and began to undress heir—she told me to hold my hush, and keep it in the dark—she said, "I have got his money; if you will hold your tongue, and keep it till the morning, I will make you a handsome present, and give you a sovereign"—she said she had been twenty-four years on the town, and had taken many a 10l. note, and put in between the soles of her shoes, and she howed me the place—it appeared to be made on purpose—she has got the shoe on now—there is a vacant place to put it in; and she said, "I bought this cloak out of the vagabond's money, and I gave 15*. for it"—she was very tipsy.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
. I am a cab-driver, I was in Tottenham Court-road—I took up the prisoner and prosecutor in Sutton-street, at half-past five o'clock—the prisoner put a cloak in my cab, and asked me to have something to drink—I said I would have a drop of bitters—she told me to take care of the cloak—I said, "It is all right"—I drove up part of Tottenham Court-road, and she looked out, with no cap nor bonnet on, and told me to drive to a public-house, where she would have some brandy-and-water—I

went to the corner of Goodge-street, and they had sixpenny-worth of brandy-and-water—I then went on, and when I stopped she was going away—I said, "You can't go"—she said, "You must drive me to Mary-street, Hampstead-road," and she would not pay me till I got there—we went down Wigmore-street—the prosecutor looked out, and said he was robbed, and told me to call the first policeman, which I did—he would not take the charge out of the cab—I then took them to Marylebone office—the prisoner said, "What did you bring me here for?"—I said, "The gentleman says you have robbed him"—she said, "No, it is in the cab, or else you have got it," and I went to get a candle, and they searched the cab all over, but did not find it.





WILLIAM TOOLE
 (police-sergeant D 5.) I was in the outer yard of Marylebone office about seven o'clock in the evening, and was called by a cabman who said a man was robbed by a woman—I searched the cab, and found no money—I saw the prisoner putting her hands to her bosom, and then I gave charge of her to another constable—she was taken, and the pocket and money taken from her by Noble.

Prisoners Defence. I met the man between twelve and one o'clock on Monday night—he asked me where I was going—I said, "Home"—after about a quarter of an hour he invited me to go to his apartments—I agreed—we went to a back parlour—after I got into bed, I thought I felt somebody drawing the clothes, and there was a person in the bed—I said, "Is this your wife?"—he said, "No; it is a young man that sleeps very sound; he will not. annoy you "—I said, "If you will give me 20l. I would not stay in this room "—I got up, and sat on a chair—I told him to go out, we went to a public-house and had some gin. and-water, and then to a coffee-shop—we *hen went to another coffee-shop in Drummond-street, and then into another public house, then to a coffeeshop, and had a cup of coffee—I told him I wanted to go to Tottenham-court-road, if he would wait, which he did—I went and bought my cloak, and gave 10s. 6d. for it—when I came back to the coffee-shop he was gone—I went to Rathbone-place, and waited—he did not come—I then, went to Marylebone office, and he was there, but had changed his clothes—he told me to stop for him, as he thought his friend would be liberated, and then we went to several public-houses—in the course of the evening he gave me some money, and I put it into my pocket—what it was I cannot say.





GEORGE COPE

re-examined. Q. Are you quite sure that yon did not give her any money? A. I feel confident in myself that I did not, but I could not speak positively.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.
