





1045. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 3 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Alison
                        




                     
                  , from his person, and that she had been before convicted of felony
            .
WILLIAM ALISON. I am a tailor
. I was at the bottom of Tottenham-court-road, near the brewery, with Mr. Maclaren - it was after twelve o'clock at night, on the 17th of March; I had called on my friend, and he was going home with me; we met the prisoner with a plate in her hand, and she said if we would go home with her, she would find us a house to get some drink - we went with her to a house in St. Giles'


; I do not know the street; there was another girl in the room, laying on the bed - the prisoner then asked me for money to get something to drink; I took out my money, and gave her a sixpence from among three sovereigns, which was all I had; I returned the three sovereigns to my pocket - my friend then went out with the other girl to get some porter, and the prisoner put her hand into my pocket; I heard my money rattle - I told her to hold off; she then said they were coming, and went to the door, as I thought, to let them in, but instead of that, she ran away - I went after her, but could not see which way she took; I gave notice to the officer, and she was taken the next night - no one else could have taken it.


                  PETER 
                  MACLAREN
               



            . The prosecutor called on me that afternoon, and as we were going home, the prisoner came up to us, and took us to Church-lane


; we found one girl on the bed - that girl and I went out for some porter; we returned in three or four minutes, and the prisoner was gone - I went to the watch-house, and gave the alarm, and when I came back, the other woman had gone off, and locked the door with a padlock.


                  EDMUND 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer. On the morning of the 17th of March the prosecutor said he had been robbed, and described the prisoner; I knew her - I found her the same night - she had a new cap, and some new lace on, and a had shilling and eleven good ones -I took her about half-past nine o'clock on the Saturday evening, and the robbery had happened about one in the morning.


                  MAURICE 
                  NICHOLAS
               



            . I am an officer. I have a certificate of the former conviction of the prisoner, which I got from Mr. Clark's office; I was the officer who took her, and know she is the person - (read).
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the prosecutor till I was at the station-house; I had been out washing that day, and the money I had I had worked hard for - I was here before, but was as innocent as I am now.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
