





654. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, 2 sovereigns and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        John Wilson


                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN WILSON. I am a shipwright
, and live in John-street, Limehouse-fields. I met the prisoner near Finsbury-square, on the 10th of February; she accosted me, and asked me if I would give her any gin; I gave her some at two different houses; we then went to a house in Winfield-street


 - we went into a bed-room; I staid there more than half an hour - I had two sovereigns and one sixpence in my pocket, which I know were safe ten minutes before I went into the room; I observed her put her hand into my right-hand pocket, and I gave her in charge - I was rather fresh with liquor.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where did you meet her? A. At the corner of Finsbury-square - we went to a public-house - I had a glass of gin at two houses, and gave her the same; we then went on towards Spitalfield's church, and she proffered to show me the way - I do not remember what time it was; I do not remember telling her it was too late for me to go home - I do not know who proposed my going with her; she seduced me - I do not remember seeing the landlady; I did not pay for the room, nor give the prisoner any thing, nor send out for more liquor, nor lay down on the bed - I had requested her to let me go home before I went in, but I was rather in liquor and went with her; I kept all my clothes on all the time - I do not remember a sovereign being on the floor, and our having a dispute about it - I had not seen any one else in the house, nor made any bargain; I was standing in the room when the Policeman came in - I had put the candle out with snuffing it, about three minutes before the officer came in - I do not know whether she had laid down; I am married.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was on duty near Petticoat-lane - I heard a call for Police, and went to Gun-yard, Petticoat-lane; I found the prosecutor and the prisoner together in the dark, in a lower room - the prosecutor was a good deal the worse for liquor, and the prisoner was worse than him; I took the prisoner - I have one sovereign which I received from Mrs. Francis.
Cross-examined. Q. You say the prisoner was tipsy? A. Yes - they were both so tipsy they hardly knew what they were about; the prisoner was the worst - the landlady brought me a light, but she did not come into the room; the prisoner was so tipsy I had to carry her to the station-house nearly - she behaved very riotous, and bit and struck me; the bed appeared to me as if some one had been lying on it - the prisoner's gown was nearly off, but the prosecutor had his clothes and his hat on - it was between twelve and one o'clock.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Francis
               



            , a Police-constable; I live at the station-house, in Church-street, Spitalfields. I saw the prisoner the next morning, and searched her - I told her to take her stays off; she put her hand into her bosom, took out two sovereigns, put one of them in her mouth, made a bolt, and swallowed it - she then put the other into her mouth, but I seized the back of her neck and made her put that out; I gave it to the officer.
Cross-examined. Q. She had recovered her senses then? A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. It is false - I dropped one sovereign, but I did not swallow one; I picked up the sovereign, but did not know it was the prosecutor's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for 14 Years
            .
