





342. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 5th of December
, 1 coat, value 3l
            , the goods of 
               
                  John James 
                  Ford
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  ROBEY
               



            . I am errand-boy to Mr. John James Ford, who lives at the corner of Strand-lane


, near the new church, and is a tailor
. On the evening of 5th of December the prisoner came to me in the shop, and asked if Mr. Humphries lived there; I said No - he then asked if my master was at home; I went to call a servant, and saw the prisoner take the coat off the counter, and run away with it - he was brought back very soon, but the coat has never been found; I had every opportunity of seeing the prisoner, and am sure he is the person.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. What time was it? A.Half-past six o'clock in the evening; I had never seen the prisoner before - he was in the shop about five minutes; I have always said I knew his person - I did not say at the Police-office that I thought he was like the man; I am quite sure he is the man - he only asked me two questions; he was there about three minutes.
JOHN JAMES FORD. I am the owner of the shop. I was coming home accidentally, and heard my boy cry Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running, and stopped him; he had nothing - I saw no one else running: I missed a blue body coat from my shop.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it not a great thoroughfare? A. Yes - he was seven doors from my shop; I could not swear there were no other persons running, but the prisoner was running across the road.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SLOWMAN
               



            . I was on duty, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw the prosecutor take the prisoner crossing the road, and I took charge of him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you look for any body else? A. No, but there were other persons running after the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
