






2024. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUDSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, 1 mahogany tea-chest, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Graham
                        




                     
                   and others
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  KENDRICK
               



             (Police-constable F 126). I was on duty in Brook-street, Holborn, on the 26th of July, about seven o'clock in the evening, and saw Hudson coming into a public-house, with this tea-chest in a bag, and Saunders with him; Hudson wished to leave the bag, but the landlord would not let him; I asked what it was, and Hudson said it was no business of mine - I took them to the watch-house, and then Hudson said, it was a tea-chest which he bought in Tottenham court-road, for 12s.; they were about three hundred yards from the prosecutors'.
Saunders. Q. Where was I? A. You were coming in just behind him.


                  ROBERT 
                  LYON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. John Graham and others - they are upholsterer
s. This is their property; I saw it safe in the afternoon of the 26th of July - I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HIGGINS
               



             (Police-constable F 35). On the 26th of July, between one and two o'clock, I saw the prisoners in Holborn - I watched them; they went into an optician's; they then went to the prosecutors', and from there to the public-house where they were taken; they had changed coats after I saw them.
Hudson's Defence. I saw a man with this and some others, and he wanted 16s. for one - I offered him 12s.; he would not take it - I walked away; he ran after me and let me have it - I then went to the Three Tuns with it, and was taken.
Saunders' Defence. I was in the tap-room when Hudson came in - I had not seen him before.
HUDSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
SAUNDERS - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
