








2111. 




JOHN JONES
,



 MARY (the wife of William) JONES
, and 



JAMES GLADWIN



, were indicted, for that they, on the 
11th of September, falsely made and counterfeited 3 pieces of counterfeit coin, resembling, and apparently intended to resemble half-crowns.


MR. ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES FOGG
. I am a Thames-police officer. On the 11th of September, I was at the prisoner Jones's hoiuse, in Propect-place, East-lane, Walworth, Mitchell, Isbester, and two other officers were with me—It was about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon—Mitchell went to the front door; I went to the back door; and when I heard a knock at the front door, which we had agreed upon, I opened the back door, went in, and found the three prisoners in the lower room—the door was on the latch—I saw the female prisoner throw something on the fire, and put the kettle on immediately, and run out at the back door, but she was afterwards bought back—Jones was sitting with his back to the window, close to the fire, and a table on the left-hand side of him—I ran to the table, and saw a counterfeit half-crown on it—there was a fine clear fire—I took up the half-crown on the table, and it was quite hot—I secured his left hand, and it was full of half-crowns—at that time Mitchellk had got in at the frount door—I gave Mitchell the half-crowns, and some of them were warm—I then secured his right hand, and from that I took nineteen half-crowns, which were not warm—I handcuffed him, and gave him to one of the officers to take care of—I went toward the fire, and Mitchell called me, and said, "Look here, Fogg, before I disturb this—there was half-a-crown mould in the fire, and the impression on it—It is plaster of Paris—It was the woman side of the impression—the reverse side—after that Mitchell took them out of the fire, and put them on the hob—while he was blowing his fingers, as it was hot, Jones put his foot upon the hob, and smashed the mould—I then Left Mitchell, and went to a chest of drawers in the room—I there found a stocking with several counterfeit half-crowns in it, which I gave to Mitchell—both the Jones' hands were black—such a blackness as would result from handling coin—I produce nineteen of the half-crowns, which I put in my pocket—I took them out of Jones's hands.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. If I understand you rightly, the three prisoners were in the room? A. Yes; I think Gladwin was sitting down in the room—he had his hat and a great coat on.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you reason to know that

the two Jones' were man and wife? A. No; I have not made inquiries about them—I do not know whether the officers of the Mint have—there are two rooms in the house—six of us went there—I think there were not seven—I and Mitchell had been at the Masons's Arms public-house before we went there—the other four officers were at another house in the Walworth-road—there was another person with us at the public-house—he went on his own business—he is a gentleman—I do not think I have a right to answer what he is; he is a respectable tradesman.





WILLIAM ISBESTER
. I am in the Thames police. I was with the last witness on the occasion—I went first to a house nearly opposite the prisoner's and I saw from the first floor landing window, the prisoner, John Jones, come to the window with his coat off, his shirt sleeves tucked up, and holding in his right hand, something white, which I believe to be a mould—he went away for a few moments, and returned again, holding something in his hand, which I believe to be a whole mould—he was looking towards the end of it, the top—the female prisoner was in the room at the same time, sitting in the window, doing something by the motion of her hand, but what I cannot say, as a curtain went across the window; she was without her gown—this was between eleven and twelve o'clock—and between twelve and one o'clock the same day I saw John Jones come out of the house—he was gone about ten minutes, and then returned with the prisoner Gladwin, they both went into the house; stopped in ten or fifteen minutes, and came out again—Gladwin, John Jones, and an old woman, a child, and the female prisoner all came out—Jones and Gladwin came out first, and the others followed and shut the door—I came out of the house where I was, and saw them part—Gladwin went up a street, and John Jones went a-head, and his wife followed him—this was all on Tuesday the 8th, between eleven and one o'clock.

Q. State what happened on the 11th? A. On the Friday following, I went with Fogg, Mitchell, and the other officer—I got over some palings, about half-past four in the afternoon, and went to the back door of the house with Fogg and another officer—Fogg stopped at the door a few moments, with his finger on the latch, and when he heard a knock at the front door—he opended the door—I followed and went through the room to the door—I unbolted the front door, which was bolted at the top, and let Mitchell in, and went into the room again with him—I have heard what Fogg has said, and agree with it, as far as I was present after the prisoners were secured, on the table next to where John Jones sat, I found a small file, and in a cupboard next to where he sat, on the lower shelf, I found two paper bags, containing, I believe plaster of Paris, and a small paper of what I call fine sand, (but I believe it turns out to be linseed meal, the female prisoner calls it linseed-meal,) and something else with it; and I found in the same cupboard two tin bands.





ALEXANDER MITCHELL
. I am a Thames police-constable. I was with the party—Isbester was acting under my orders on the 8th—on the 11th I went to the front door—Isbester let me in—I saw the two prisoners Jones and Gladwin—Fogg had got hold of Jones's hand, and he handed me some counterfiet half-crowns, which I produce—after the prisoners were secured I went to the fire, took off a tea-kettle, and saw some parts of a mould on the fire—one of them lying at the back part, and the half of a mould with the reverse side of a half-crown impressed on it—before I disturbed it, I called Fogg to look at it—as I took it out of the fire, it broke, and with the tongs and my fingers I took all I could see out of the fire and placed it on the hob—my fingers were burnt; and while

I was blowing my fingers, John Jones came behind me—he made either a kick or a bolw with his foot on the hob, and smashed the pieces of the mould more than they were before—I afterwards received from Fogg six crowns and eight half-crowns in a stocking, they are counterfeit—I searched the ashes, and found an iron ladle, with the appearance of white lead in it—on the top of a cupboard or dresser I found the half of half-a-crown, and one metal spoon—on the table by Jones I found five other white spoons—I asked Jones who the house belonged to—he said "I took it;" and pointed to Gladwin, he said, "That old man has nothing to do with it—he knows nothing of my business, or what I do"—I afterwards took the moulds to Mr. Powell, the solocitor, and in my presence they put them together as they are now.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint, and have been so nearly twenty years—I have examined all the nineteen half-crown produced by Fogg, they are all counterfeit—those nineteen produced by Mitchell are all counterfeit—and the six crowns produced by Mitchell are all counterfeit—the half-crowns are from two different moulds, of the date of 1821 and 1825, in the reigb of George the Fourth—here are eight more half-crowns, and a plaster of Paris mould; on one side of which here is part of the impression of the obverse side of a half-crown, and on the other, a very small portion of the reverse; of the reign of George the Fourth, 1825, which is the date of some of the half-crowns—this mould does not appear to me to have been used for castint—here is another plaster of Paris mould for half-crowns—that is broken also but there are portions of the impressions of the obverse and reverse sides of a half-crown of 1825; it has nearly the entire impression of the reverse side, this appears to have been used considerably, and I believe some of the half-crowns produced have been cast on this mould, for I find some corresponding indentures in the plaster which correspond with some of the half-crowns—here is another mouls for half-crowns also, which appears to be of the date of 1821, the figures are not complete, but here is the 2 and 1 and a portion of the 8, and the type corresponds with the impression of that year—here are two tin bands, such as are usually made use of for forming plaster of Paris moulds, and I believe these moulds have been formed in these bands—these white metal spoons are similar metal to the half-crowns, and that is the usual way coiners provide metal—here is plaster of Paris in powder, in the bag; and a file which is necessary to round off the edge of the coin—I do not know what this sand is used for.

MRS. KNIGHT. I am the wife of Richard Knight, who is owner of this house. It was taken from me in August by Jones and his wife—I do not know the woman to be his wife—Gladwin was with them, and seemed to think it sould suit them very well—he did not do any thing himself—Mrs. Jones always paid the rent.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known them? A. Since August—they appeared man and wife, and I thought they were so.

John Jones's Defence. I am entirely innocent of making bad money—I admit they were in my possession.

Mary Jones. I am the wife of John Jones. We were married at Carlow, seven years ago, on the 10th of last March.

JOHN JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Life.

MARY JONES—


NOT GUILTY
.

GLADWIN—


NOT GUILTY
.
There was another indictment against the prisoners 

for having in their possession a mould on which was impressed the figure of a half-crown; on which no eveidence was offered.




NOT GUILTY
.


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

