





146. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     WILLIAMS alias 
CONNER





               
             was indicted for, that 


               she having been convicted of feloniously uttering a counterfeit sixpence, and a counterfeit shilling, afterwards, to wit, on the 1st of November
, feloniously, unlawfully, and wilfully, did utter and dispose of, to 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Hall
                        




                     
                  , a counterfeit sixpence, well knowing it to be a counterfeit
            ; against the statute, &c.
MESSRS. SCARLETT and GURNEY conducted the prosecution.


                  CALEB 
                  EDWARD POWELL
               



            . I produce the record of the conviction, of Eliza Williams, at the Middlesex Session, December, 1832. (read.)


                  JOHN 
                  SUMMERSELL
               



            . I am turnkey at the House of Correction - the prisoner was tried at the December Session, 1832 - she was six months in the House of Correction.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLLIS
               



            . I live at No. 100, Great Saffron-hill. On the 29th of October, I saw the prisoner in Barbican - I watched her into a pastry-cook's shop, and into a public-house, and then to Mr. Wright's, in Aldersgate-street - I went in there and Mr. Wright showed me a bad 6d. - I saw the prisoner next in Hatton-garden office, on the 2nd of November.
Prisoner. I never saw that man till I was at the office- he then asked me if I did not go into a pastry-cook's shop, which I am certain I never did; I was over the water the whole of that day - he has sworn entirely false. Witness. I am certain it was her; I had seen her before; it was between four and five o'clock.


                  JAMES 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I keep the King's Arms, in Aldersgate street


. On the 29th of October, the prisoner came to my house, and called for some gin, she put down a bad 6d. - I said "It is a very bad one, did you not know it?" she said, "No;" I said, "I shall detain it," she did not scruple at that, but walked out without drinking the gin - I showed the same 6d. to Collis, who came in at the door at that time - I nailed it to a post, in my bar till the officer came - I then gave it to him.
Prisoner. I was not in his shop; I was over the water, at work, from morning till evening. Witness. I am quite sure of her person - it was between four and five o'clock.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HALL
               



            . I keep a public-house, in Gloucester-street, Queen-square




. On the 1st of November, the prisoner came to my house, she had two pennyworths of gin, and offered a bad 6d. - I told her it was bad; she said, she did not know it; I held it over the candle and melted half of it away - she went out, and I followed her into Holborn, and saw her go into the King's-head; I went in with a police-officer, and saw the prisoner put down a sixpence on the counter; she saw us, and put something in her mouth; the officer took it from her; it was a bad sixpence; I marked it and gave it to the officer.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CLEMENTS
               



             (police-constable E 102). I was on duty, and was called by the last witness - we watched the prisoner into the King's-head, in Holborn; what he has stated is correct - I saw her put the sixpence on the counter; the landlord pushed it back to her, she put it into her mouth; I seized her mouth, she dropped it, and the witness took it up - I received this part of a 6d. from him, and this one from Mr. Wright.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of counterfeit coin, to the Mint - these two sixpences and this part of one, are all counterfeit.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
