



501. 




JOSEPH BAILEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of January 1 coat, value 15s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s. 1 handkerchief, value 1s. the goods of 



John Atkinson and 1 pair of trowsers value 10s. 1 handkerchief value 1s. 1 watch, value 3l. two seals, value 1s. and 1 watch key, value 1d. the goods of 



James George Johnson.






JOHN ATKINSON
 I am a carver and live with my father in Westonplace. The prisoner lodged there—he slept in the same room with me and Johnson—the prisoner and I slept together—on the morning of the 14th of January 1 missed the property stated in the indictment—it was all safe the night before, and he must have entered in the morning while we were in bed—there and he marks of somebody getting over the wall—this property was in our bed room—the door was shut, but not locked and he knew the room very well—I cannot say how the prisoner gets his living—he side he was a cabinet maker.





WILLIAM REYNOLDS
. I am an officer. I am an heard of this about ten o'clock in the morning, and at eleven o'clock I went to a brothel near Sadler's Wells—I found the prisoner with these clothes on him—I asked him where he got them—he said they belonged to the prosectuor—I found on him four keys one a skeleton key—one of the keys opens the door of the house where he lodged—he had a silver watch.





WILLIAM COLTON
 I went with Reynolds in search of the prisoner—I said, "There is a watch missing," and he pulled it out of his pocket, and gave it to me.





SAMUEL FOX ATKINSON
, The coat, waistcoat, and handkerchief are mine—I never lent them to the prisoner.





JAMES GEORGE JOHNSON
. I slept in the same room that night—I lost my watch trowses, and neck handkerchief—they are here—I put the watch on a table in the same room when went to bed—I had seen the prisosner there once or twice.

Prisoner. The door was open—I went in to go to bed, but when I got there I found there were two in the bed—I was quite intoxicated.




GUILTY
 Aged 22—


Transported for Seven Years.
