






Before Mr. Justice 
               
                  James 
                  Parke
               



            .
1270. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 16 spoons, value 2l. 8s.; 20 forks, value 3l. 14s., and 2 pairs of sugar-tongs, value 9s., the goods of 
                     
Count
 
                        St. Martin D'Anglie
                     


                  ; 1 watch, value 2l. 2s., and 1 knife, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Curry
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Count St. Martin D'Anglie
            .
WILLIAM CURRY. I am footman
 to 
               
                  Count 
                  St. Martin D'Anglie
               



            , who lives at West-end, Hampstead


; I do not know the name of the parish, nor his Christian name. On Tuesday, the 29th of June, I cleaned the plate, and locked the plate-closet door - it was then quite safe; I then went to another part of the house - I heard a little noise, and thought it was the bird at the window - I heard it again, and thinking it was the rattling of the spoons and forks, I went to the pantry, and saw both the prisoners in the pantry, in the act of taking the plate out of the closet; I immediately ran in, and laid hold of Taylor - Thomson ran out of the pantry, past me; Taylor tried to escape - I knocked him down in the front hall, and secured him, but he afterwards escaped from me at the door; I immediately gave an alarm of thieves, and ran after him - the front door was open; he was secured about one hundred yards off - Thomson had run ina different direction; one of the labourers stopped Taylor - he up with his fist and knocked him down; that man then ran after Thomson and secured him - they were handcuffed and taken to a public-house; I returned to our house, and on a small table in the pantry found a yellow handkerchief, containing these spoons and forks, and another handkerchief by the side of it; the handkerchief was not tied up, but the plate laid on it - they were plated articles, except four spoons and a fork; I had put them into the closet about twenty minutes before, and locked the door - the table was by the side of the closet; I received information from Gillham, and by the garden wall found a silver watch and guard, belonging to me, about a quarter of an hour after; it hung on a hook in the pantry, opposite the plate-closet, about ten minutes before I saw the prisoners there; I cannot form any judgment of its value.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Your master is the French Ambassador, is he not? A. No, the Sardanian - he is a Count; I do not know whether he has other titles - he is called Count D'Anglie; Taylor was secured in a very few minutes - I did not lose sight of him above half a minute.
HENRY GILLHAM. I am a groom. I was riding by the prosecutor's house, and heard somebody cry out Halloo! I immediately saw two men making their escape from the house, and heard somebody call Stop thief! they ran in different directions - I followed Thomson, and saw him throw something over the garden wall: I pointed out the place to Curry - I was opposite Thomson when Almond stopped him; I am certain of him, for I was close to him all the time - he said it was merely a lark, and offered Almond 1s. to let him go.
ROBERT ALMOND. I heard a cry of Stop thief! near the house, and ran after Thomson, who was running down by the lodge-gate, in a direction from the house; I stopped him, and delivered him to the constable, who had got Taylor.
GEORGE CALDER. I am a Police-constable. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw Taylor struggling with Miles' workman, and secured him; he had no hat on - I found a dozen lead pencils on him, and two dozen on Thomson.(Property produced and sworn to.)
TAYLOR - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
THOMSON - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
Of stealing the watch only - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
