



1764. 



WILLIAM BUTTERWORTH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of July, 1 snuff-box, value 2l. 5s.; the goods of 




Thomas Terah Ventom from his person.






THOMAS TERAH VENTOM
. I am an auctioneer, and live in Angel-court, Througmorton-street. On Saturday, the 16th of July, I was in Queen-street, Cheapside, at half-past three o'clock—I felt my coat flap fall—I immediately placed my hand on my pocket, and missed my snuff-box, which I had taken out not half a minute before, and had put it in my pocket—I saw a person on my right—I turned round and saw the prisoner soner—I collared him, and said, "You rascal, you have stolen my box"—he denied it—I again accused him three or four times—he so strongly denied it that I was thinking of leaving him and taking the other, but finding him change colour, I said, "You have it"—he said, "I have not, "and I knocked him down—while he was on the ground, I said, "You scoundrel, I am confident you have it; you have been dodging me about, you and another, for half an hour."and he immediately put his hand behind him, and said, "There is your box, Sir," and delivered it to me—he got on his legs, and said, "What do you hold me for?"—I said, "Because you took my box"—he said, "I have not got it" I said, "You had it, "

and I took him down Cheapside till I found an officer, and gave him into custody.





WILLIAM COURTNAY
. I am an officer. I received the prisoner into custody with the box.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Queen-street to look for work, walking behind two young men—I saw them drop something—it was the box—I picked it up—the gentleman turned round directly and accused me of having it—I said it was not his, and I would not give it up, because I saw two young men drop it—he knocked me down, and I said, "If this is your snuff-box, here it is, Sir."

MR. VENTOM. No such conversation ever took place.
(Fletcher Young, a baker, of Long-alley, Finsbury, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
*—


Transported for Seven Years.
