



1673. 




ROBERT THOMAS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of June, 24lbs. weight of lead, value 5s. the goods of 




George Webb and others.






GEORGE WEBB
. I had a quantity of lead on my premises, I am a builder, and have two partners—I did miss any lead till I received information—the prisoner was in my employ.





EDWARD WELCH
. I came from the yard in the morning, at half-past nine o'clock—Mr. Miller had been at work—I went for materials for him to use, and when I came back, I went by his orders to light the fire—I heard the prisoner in the cistern, and heard him knock the lead up—I stepped up a ladder, but could not get up quite enough—he was on a stool to the bottom of the cistern—I saw this piece of lead on him—he told me to go and light the fire—I went down, and then he told me to get a short piece of wood to weight down the lead on the bottom of the cistern—I then went up and missed the piece of lead—I looked round and saw it is a crevice, and his working jacket over it—I did not think he would take it away till seven o'clock—it struck twelve o'clock in a few minutes—I told him it was twelve o'clock—he said he did not think it was so late—he sat a few minutes, and then came down and took the jacket and put it on—I went down and stopped ten minutes, and then called another witness.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was this? A. At Mr. Hudson's in King William-street, opposite the London Life Office, where Mr. Webb is building—it is not finished—I saw the head standing up against his thing—I can prove it was this piece of lead—I did not take it into my hand or examine it—I suppose it was two feet from the bottom of the cistern—I looked over the top—I did not see the lead taken away—I saw this piece of lead standing inside the cistern—there is no mark on it

that I know of—I did not handle it till I felt it in between two joists—he must have taken it at twelve o'clock, when he was going.

COURT
Q. Were you helping him to put the lead at the bottom of the cistern? A. Yes—I was his labourer.





GEORGE WALKER JUDGE
. I met the prisoner, and found these 24lbs. weight of lead on him—I have compared it since with the bottom of the cistern.

MR. PAYNE to MR. WEBB. Q. Was this house yours? A. It is a new house I am building for Mr. Hudson—after this lead was fixed to the cistern it was mine, till I gave up possession of the house complete—these are chippings of lead—they are my property—this was to he taken away, not to remain there—it was cut off from that which was fitted at the bottom of the cistern.

Prisoner, Welch was there the whole time, he never saw this in the cistern.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
