





2320. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SPALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 3rd of October
, 2 bushels of barley, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Skidmore 
                           Ashby
                        




                     
                   and another, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.
SKIDMORE ASHBY. I am a corn-merchant
, and live at Staines


, in partnership with my brother John. I had, on the 23rd of September, a quantity of barley in sacks in a granary- there were eighteen sacks; the sacks were marked 
               
                  William 
                  Ashby
               



             - it had a particular seed in it, cliver seed, which could not be separated from it; I saw it safe on Saturday afternoon, the 22nd of September, about four o'clock - it was locked with two locks; on the Tuesday morning I went and found the binges were broken; we went in, and missed four sacks of barley - I went into the field, and about one hundred yards from the granary, we found a sack of barley and a sack of beans, covered over with rushes; there is a shed twenty yards from the place; I and some other persons agreed to watch this sack for several nights - on Wednesday evening, when I, 
               
                  James 
                  Shears
               



            , and two other persons were watching, the prisoner came; when he came to the door, he said, "Blue Dick, are you there?" we did not answer - he then went to the heap of rushes, and took about half the barley out of the sack, put it on his shoulder, and went away; he left the other tied up, and had not covered it up - we had put the lock on the staple of the door, and some person had locked us in - the prisoner had come close to the door, and pushed it, but there was something against it, and he could not open it; we broke through the boards, and got out - he had got about one hundred and fifty yards off, and Shears took him with the barley on his back; he was taken into custody - we examined the barley, and it answers to the sample and bulk.


                  JAMES 
                  SHEARS
               



            . I am in the employ of the prosecutors, and watched with them. I saw the prisoner come and take some of the barley away - I followed, and took him into custody; I have compared the barley found on him, and that in the bulk, and they correspond; this sack is Robert Holland's, that I took from him - this one is what he shot the barley out of, and has my masters' names on it



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
