



1975. 



MARTHA DAVIS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of August, at 
St. Paul, Co vent—garden, 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 towel, value 6d.; and 24 sovereigns, the goods and monies of 



Israel Russell, her master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





ISRAEL RUSSELL
. I live in King-street, in the parish of St. Paul, Covent-garden, and sell various articles of gold and jewellery. On the 9th of August my wife engaged the prisoner as servant of all work—on the 15th I and my wife went into the City—I delivered to my sister 24 sovereigns, which I had received, and desired her to lock them up in a drawer in the bed-room-while I was in the City, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I received information, and instantly went back to my house—I found two or three drawers open, and the prisoner gone—we had engaged her by the year.





ELIZABETH RUSSELL
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 15th of August I was in the City with my husband—on receiving information, he went home—I followed, and missed several articles which I have since seen in the possession of the policeman-here is a silk handkerchief, a pair of worked cotton stockings, and a towel, which are our property, and which I had seen in the bed-room while the prisoner was with us.






CATHERINE ALEXANDER
. I am the prosecutor's sister. I remained at home in charge of the house—I had 24 sovereigns in gold, which I placed in a drawer in the bed-room next to the parlour—I locked the drawer, and put the key in my pocket-about ten o'clock in the evening the nursery. maid asked leave to go out—I did not hear anything, but in about half an hour I went into the kitchen, and saw the prisoner at her box—I desired her to shut the kitchen door—she said, she would rather have it open for the air-in a short time the bell rang three times, and it was not answered-thinking the prisoner must be asleep, we went down, and found a light burning in the passage, close to the wainscot, and the prisoner was gone—I proceeded to the bed-room, and found all the drawers open, and the sovereigns gone—we found a false key on the carpet, which opened the drawer.





GEORGE SHERLOCK
. (police-constable C 143.) On Thursday morning, the 16th of August, the prisoner was brought to me by two females, who said she had a deal of property on her—she was quite drunk—I found 21 sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 3 sixpences, and six pence in copper, in her pocket, and I found in her box articles which Mrs. Russell indentified.

Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Russell told me to go away the day before—I said I would go if she would give me a month's wages, which she had agreed to—she refused—I said I should wait till master came in, and ask him for my wages—Mrs. Russell used a good deal of ill language—I said, I would go away, and packed up my things-next day I asked her for my wages, and said I must go, and asked her to look over my things—I had given the other servant a bundle of clothes to he washed, which, if I had meant to run away, I should not have done—I called a coach, and left, but could not find a lodging—I wanted a policeman to take care of me till the morning—my box was taken to the station-house, and these things found in it—the old stockings my mistress gave me—the handkerchief, towel, and money, are my own.

MRS. RUSSELL. (re-examined.) I did not give her the stockings or any thing.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
