





330. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FURBY
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and ARCHDALE conducted the prosecution.


                     WILLIAM 
                     BULMER
                  




               
            . I am in partnership with Mr. Johnson. The prisoner was in our employ for above two years, as confidential clerk
 - it was his duty to receive money, and give an account of it to me as he received it, if I was at home, and if not the money was left on the desk till I returned; he should enter it in the book, and account for it in the course of the day on which he received it - he has never accounted to me for 30l. received on the 26th of December, 1829, from Mr. Bowen, nor for 3l. received the 29th of November, 1829, from Mr. Crocker, through Thomas Johnson; nor has he ever entered those sums in the cash-book; I keep the cash-book myself - his business was to give me the money he received, and for me to enter it; he never made entries himself - he has not accounted for these sums in any way; I have the cash-book for 1829 here - there are no such entries as 3l. on the 29th of November, or 30l. from Bowen, on the 26th of December; I swear I have not received those sums from that time to this, from the prisoner, nor from any body.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BOWEN
               



            . In December, 1829, I was indebted to the prosecutors 30l. and more, and on the 26th of December I called at their warehouse, and paid the prisoner 30l., for which he gave me a memorandum - I paid it into his hands, and saw him write the memorandum,(read) - "December 26, 1829, Mr. William Bowen paid 
               
                  John 
                  Bulmer
               



             30l. J. Furby." - I delivered this memorandum to the prosecutors about a month or six weeks ago; I heard from them that they had not received the money and produced it.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am warehouseman to the prosecutors. On the 9th of November, 1829, the prisoner told me to go to Mr. Jonathan Crocker of Watling-street, for 3l. - I went and received the 3l. from Mr. Crocker himself; I returned to the warehouse, and paid it into the prisoner's hands - he gave me no memorandum of it.
Prisoner. I question very much his recollection as to the amount. Witness. I am quite sure 1 paid him 3l., as received from Mr. Crocker.


                  ROBERT 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am in partnership with Mr. Bulmer. The prisoner never accounted to me for 3l. received from Mr. Crocker, or 30l. from Mr. Bowen; I was not in the habit of being in the counting-house at all.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner at the Saracen's Head, Snow-hill, in company with his brother Thomas.
Prisoner. I have no defence to make, nor would I have made the plea I have, fearing to irritate or wound the feelings of my prosecutors, who always behaved to me with the most unbounded kindness and liberality; but merely to put myself in a situation to call on them to state their sentiments regarding me up to the time I left them, and also if they think proper to recommend me to mercy - a representation has gone abroad, as false and calumnious as it is prejudicial to the unfortunate individual before you, the statement is, that my uncle and friends, the former of whom stands as high in reputation as any merchant in the City, were privy and concerned in what has happened - I can only say, it is quite untrue, and the author ought to be ashamed at adding additional trouble on them.
MR. ADOLPHUS. The prosecutors never heard a syllable of this before.
Prisoner to MR. BULMER. Q. A week previous to my leaving you, had I not notice to quit your employ? A. No; he absconded from our employ - I never hinted that he was to leave; he received considerable sums the week before he left - he was receiving money on our account up to the very day he absconded.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
