






426. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEWIS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WOOD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 1 hand-handkerchief value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alfred 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  ALFRED 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live in Belgrave-place. On the 18th of December I was at the bottom of Holborn-hill, near Field-lane


; I was apprized that I had lost my handkerchief - I had been using it continually before.


                  PETER 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a coach-plater, and live in Little Ormond-place. On the evening of the 18th of December I was near Field-lane, Holborn-hill; I saw Wood put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and take out a handkerchief - Lewis was by his side at the time; Holland, who was in my company, ran and laid hold of Wood; I told the prosecutor of it - Lewis made his escape, but in half an hour after we saw him on Snow-hill, attempting to pick another gentleman's pocket; the prisoners were in company, and talking when Wood took the handkerchief.
Lewis. Q. Which way did I go? A. Up towards Snow-hill - I could not follow you because I went to the watch-house with Wood; you made your escape when you saw Wood taken hold of.


                  DANIEL 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I live in Crown-court, and am a bookbinder. I was with Jackson, and saw Wood put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and take out the handkerchief; I took him just as he turned the corner, and Lewis made his escape down Snow-hill.
Lewis. Q. He stated at the office that he saw this young man take the handkerchief and give it me? A. No; I did not - I did not call out because you were gone round the corner; the handkerchief has not been found.
Wood. Q. If you were behind us, why did you not take us both? A. You were not quite close; you had got about six yards round the corner when I took you.
Lewis' Defence. I went to a shop in Field-lane to buy a fish; this man came, collared me, and said."I want you" - I said, "What for?" he said "I will, tell you" - I said "What do you want? I will go with you;" the people collected, and persuaded me to go away - I was going up Holborn-hill, and I saw him again; I said, "Are you not the man that wanted me in the fish-shop?" "he said Yes;" I said, "What do you want?" he said, "I will tell you," and he looked about for an officer - I took hold of his arm and walked to the watch-house; is it likely I should have gone with him to the watch-house if I had been committing a robbery.
DANIEL HOLLAND. I did not tell him at first, because there were so many persons round him, and he made several efforts to strike me.
LEWIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
