





514. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     AMOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January
, 2 cotton cravats, value 3s., and 1 worsted cravat, value 18d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Griffin
               




             and another.
WILLIAM GRIFFIN. I keep a ready-made linen warehouse
, in Cornhill


, and have one partner. On the 25th of January, about six o'clock in the evening, I was sitting in the back parlour, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I went out - the prisoner had turned down 'Change-alley, which is one door from my house; I called Stop thief! and he was stopped - I lost two cotton cravats and a worsted one- he had not got them about him; they have never been found,
JANE GRIFFIN. I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Griffin
               



            . I was in the parlour behind the shop, sitting opposite the door; I saw the prisoner come in, and take something off a small table - I had shortly before that told the young man to take these cravats from the door; I saw the prisoner take them from the table, and go off with them; I could seewhat he had got-he was brought back by Mr. Griffin and a ticket-porter; the property is worth 4s. 6d.
Prisoner. Q. You said at the Mansion-house that the person had a detriment in his eye? A. I said he had a very curious look in his eye, which I think you have.
WILLIAM HUGHES. I am shopman to Mr. Griffin. I saw the prisoner come into the shop, take three cravats, and instantly gave an alarm; Mr. Griffin went out - I followed him, but before I overtook him the prisoner was in custody; I recollected his features, and am quite certain of his person - he had run half-way up 'Change-alley; the things have not been found.


                  JAMES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a ticket-porter. I heard a cry of Stop thief! the prisoner was coming towards me, running fast. and I stopped him; I did not observe any thing with him - I took him into the shop; Hughes and Mrs. Griffin immediately said he was the person - he said he was no thief.
Prisoner. Q. I could have got away, could not I? A. Not from me - you made no resistance.
SARAH TOWNESEND. I live in Coppice-row. I was at tea at Griffin's; I saw the prisoner stoop down, come in, and take the property off the table - previous to that three boys came in, one with a petition, another to ask for tape, and a third to sell pens: while the one was offering pens the prisoner came in - I am confident he is the man: as he took the bundle his eye caught mine.
Prisoner. Q. How far was you from the person? A. About six yards.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to the west-end of the town, looking for work; in my way home I ran up this court, being cold, and that caused a crowd.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
