





100. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of September
, 1 pair of pistols, value 18s., 1 bullet mould, value 1s., and 1 pistol-key, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Braggs
                  




               
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  BRAGGS
               



            . I am a gun-smith
, and live in Holborn


. On the night of the 4th of September my premises were on fire - I did not see the prisoner there at all; I had a great many pistols in bags - I have seen some which I believe to be the same as were in my counting-house.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long before had you seen them? A. Perhaps about a week - I cannot swear that; I have only one young man in my employ who had the opportunity of selling goods; they are my own make - I keep a register of what I make; I have looked at it, and the number of these pistols is not down as being sold.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SALTER BADCOCK
               



             (Police-serjeant G 20). I saw the prisoner on the premises the night of the fire -I was in the counting-house; the prisoner produced some small bags that he was taking from some books - they were hanging round the counting-house; he passed them to me, and I said, "What are these?" he said, "Pistols;" I said,"What these little things?" he said, "They are, for I have seen them" - he handed several to me; I took care of what was handed to me.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known this man? A. Five or six months - he has borne a very good character and was in the Police.


                  JOHN 
                  HODGES
               



             (Police-constable G 77). The prisoner asked me to subscribe to a raffle last Wednesday fortnight; I think it was on the 14th of November; I gave sixpence for my chance, and there were twenty at one shilling - mine was half a share; I won a pair of pocket-pistols and a mould - I sold them to Serjeant Read; the prisoner gave me the pistols.


                  THOMAS 
                  READ
               



             (Police-serjeant G 5). I bought these pistols of Hodges on the 14th of November, for 11s.; on the Wednesday night I went to buy some caps to try them at my leisure - I heard something from the person; I went to the prisoner, and asked how he came by them; he said he got them of a friend, a gentleman's servant - I asked if he was to be found, or where he was; he said he did not tell him, but his master's name was Stevens - I took him before my superintendent; he then said he got them of Mr. Barry, in King's-court - I then took Mr. Barry to the station, and he asked the prisoner if he got them of him, and he said, "No, I did not."(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
