






562. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLSTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of a certain man unknown, from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I saw the prisoners together on the 1st of February, in Cockspur-street; they went down the Hay-market, through the Strand, and down Fleet-street


, following several gentlemen; I saw Colston lift up a gentleman's pocket - we then followed them down Cheapside


; and got beyond Bow-church - they went up to a gentleman and lady; Colston took the handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket; Williams was close by his side - they seemed to be acting together - they had been together from half-past eleven o'clock till half past one; we took the prisoners, and Hobbs took them to the Mausion-house - I asked the gentleman to appear at the Mansion-house, which he declined, and did not state his name; I am sure that Williams was engaged in the same object - Colston put the handkerchief in his right-hand trousers pocket, and turned round, and Williams went up close to him; they were touching each other when we took them.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I was with Farrant - I saw the prisoners watching several gentlemen, and when they got into the Strand I saw Colston take a handkerchief a little way out of a gentleman's pocket, who was looking into a shop; we followed them to Cheapside, and there Colston took this handkerchief from a gentleman's pocket - I crossed and collared him, and he threw it into a door, behind him; Williams was close to him, and so he was in the Strand - we had been watching them nearly two hours.
Colston. I am innocent.
Williams. This is the first time I have been in a Court.
COLSTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
