



1550. 




SARAH ALLEN
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of May, 1 purse, value 1s. 6d.; 8 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 5 half-crowns, 7 shillings, 3 sixpences, and a £5 promissory note; the property of 



George William Hoyle, in the dwelling-house of 



William Bartelot.






ELIZABETH HOYLE
. I am the wife of George William Hoyle—I am a milliner and dressmaker, and live in Regent-street, in the house of William Bartelot. On Tuesday, the 9th of May, about three o'clock in the afternoon I was sitting in the front drawing-room with Miss Marsh—I saw the prisoner coming up stairs, and sent Miss Marsh to speak to her in the back room I overheard her use the word "apprentice"—Miss Marsh came to me—the prisoner put her head into the room I was in, and said, "If you are engaged Mrs. Bee, I will call some other day" (my maiden name was Bee)—I went into the back room to her, and she said she had come about an apprentice—I asked her who recommended her—she replied the lady would know; she had only come to inquire about the terms—she was so flurried she scarcely gave herself time to speak—she inquired about my terms for three years and before I had time to reply she said, "Sixty guineas, I suppose?"—I said no, my terms were forty—she said they would no doubt suit the lady, and would I call on her—I hesitated, and she said should the lady call on me—I said, that would be better, and she appointed for her to call next day, between twelve and one o'clock—she then left—about half an hour after I went into the back room to get my purse, which I had left in a bag about ten minutes before she came in, and missed it—it contained a £3 Colchester note, eight sovereigns, one half-sovereign, and about 2 0s. is silver—it was a brown silk purse—nobody but the prisoner, myself, and Miss Marsh had been in the room from the time I placed the bag there till I missed the purse—all the doors were open—the rooms communicate by folding doors, and one folding-door was open—this is my purse, I am certain—I know the ring, which I put on it about three months ago.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How long have you lived in Regent street? A. I think four years—Mr. Bartelot is a hair dresser—there is a door which leads to his ground floor, which is kept locked during the day—the name of Bartelot is over the door, but not his Christian name—I believe he has two Christian names—only one of the folding-doors was open—Miss Marsh went through that—there was another young lady with me in the same room—the prisoner could see that—the door remained open all the time she was there—not two minutes elapsed between Miss Marsh leaving the back room and my going into it—the table was in the corner at the back room by the side of the fire-place—I could not see it from the front room—I found the prisoner standing almost at the other end of the room from the table, but it is a small room—Miss Marsh was absent from her about three minutes before I went to her—my bag had a string to it, and no clasp—I had never seen her before—she was full five minutes in my sight, and more, and I saw her again about a fortnight after.






MARY ANN MARSH
. I was sitting with Mrs. Hoyle when the prisoner came up stairs—I am confident she is the person—she went into the back room and asked me if Mrs. Hoyle was in want of an apprentice—I said Mrs. Hoyle was engaged, but I would go to her if she would take a chair—I gave her one, and she sat down near the fire-place—the table was very near the fire place—I went to Mrs. Hoyle, who was engaged a short time, the prisoner looked in between the two doors, and said, "If you are engaged, I will call next day"—the folding door was only partly open—after she was gone, Mrs. Hoyle complained of losing her purse—nobody went into the room but Mrs. Hoyle and myself, from the time the prisoner left till it was missed—I have seen Mrs. Hoyle with a purse, and believe this to be the same—the bag was put on the table when we came from dinner—the prisoner did not call next day, nor did any one about an apprentice.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the table near the fire-place or window? A. Near both, it stood between the two—Mrs. Hoyle has a servant, and Mrs. Bartelot also—there are no lodgers in the house—a person could not come in there without our knowledge—I could not see the table from the front room, but we could see the door, and could see every body go in, as the side door of the room was also open which commands a view of the stairs—the prisoner was there five or seven minutes—I saw her go out—Mr. Bartelot's Christian names are William Augustus.





WILLIAM ELLIS
 (police-constable C 91.) I had the prisoner searched at the station-house, and received a purse from Mrs. Spindelow.





SUSAN SPINDELOW
. I searched the prisoner on the 25th of May, and found this purse in her hand, with two sovereigns and eight shillings in it—she was taking it from her bosom—I also found on her a black lace veil, but no bank note.




GUILTY Aged 27.—Of larceny only.—


Transported for Seven Years.
