



697. 




DANIEL MANNING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of February, 1 coat, value 1l.; and 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; the goods of 




William Winder.






WILLIAM WINDER
. I keep the Box and Cock public-house, in Gray's Inn-lane. On the 9th of February I lost a coat and pair of gloves—I missed them on the 10th—I had left them in the bar—I went with the policeman and the witness Berry, to take the prisoner into custody, at No. 5, Fox-place, Gray's Inn-lane—I saw the policeman search and find my gloves—the prisoner was afterwards taken to Reeves, the pawnbroker's, and my coat was found there.





EDWARD BERRY
. I lodged with the prisoner at No. 5, Fox-place, Gray's Inn-lane—he showed me two papers on Sunday evening, the 11th—one was a licence, and the other a letter, the name of Mr. Winder was on them—the prisoner asked me to put them into the fire, but I put them on the bed with a pair of silk gloves—on the following morning, after breakfast, he came up stairs, and asked me where I could raise him 1s. or 2s. on the ticket of the coat—I took the ticket and papers to the prosecutor, knowing they belonged to him—I gave him the ticket of the coat that I had received from the prisoner—I had seen him take the gloves from his own pocket with the papers—it was on my information that he was taken.

Prisoner. He was present when the coat was taken out of the street, where two boys had thrown it down. Witness. I never saw any thing of the kind—I was not with him when he got possession of it—I have known him ever since the 18th of November, and worked with him part of the time, in the boot and shoe line as fellow-labourer, for different shops—at the time this coat was found, he asked me to pawn it at the pawnbroker's he was in the habit of using—I never saw it till I saw it at the shop.

Prisoner. He was in custody the day previous, for pawning two pairs of his master's boots. Witness. I was not—I was in custody the day the coat was stolen—I was locked up in consequence of master and I having a few words—because he would not pay me my wages, in consequence of an altercation—I was not charged with unlawfully pledging two pairs of boots—I never took two pairs of boots, in an unfinished state, to pawn—I took one pair, and left them there, but not on my master's account—my master had them when he came for them—they were my employer's, but not the employer's he alluded to.

JURY. Q. Had you and the prisoner any quarrel before this? A. None whatever.

Prisoner. On the Monday morning, when I was going to my work, and

came to look for some tools, they were missing—I said to him, "Have you been taking my tools again?"—(he had before pawned them for 9d.)—I said, "I cannot go to work"—he said, "Well, I will go and get them"—he went down stairs, and at that time took the duplicate and the papers, and went to the pawnbroker's, to try to get more money on the coat, but could not—he then went to the prosecutor's, to extort money from him, at he said it would be a pity to destroy them—the prosecutor detained him, and found the duplicate of the coat on him, and he now throws it all on my back. Witness. The pawnbroker and the prosecutor are here to answer about that.





WILLIAM ADAMS
 (police-constable G 184.) I apprehended the prisoner, and found a pair of gloves in his left-hand breast coat pocket—he did not give any account of them—he did not tell me he got them in the street—he said he found the coat in the street—not the gloves.





THOMAS REEVE
. I am a pawnbroker, in Gray's Inn-lane. On the 9th of February I took in this coat of the prisoner—I advanced 8s. on it.

JURY. Q. Did the witness Berry come and try to obtain more money on it? A. No—he once pawned a pair of shoes with me—I gave them up because the master was losing his customers through it.





EDWARD BERRY

re-examined. The prisoner did not tell me to inform the prosecutor that he had the coat—he told me to get more on it, instead of which, I took the things to the prosecutor.





WILLIAM WINDER

re-examined. I have seen Berry at my house at different times—I did not see him on the night of the robbery—I do not know the prisoner—he lives about two minutes' walk from my house. (Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY.* Aged 51.—


Transported for Seven Years.
