



511. 




THOMAS RAWLINSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of January, 6 handkerchiefs, value 18s., the goods of 



Hannah Webb; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HANNAH WEBB
. I keep a general shop in Field-lane, Holborn. I sell apparel—these handkerchiefs hung out in the day, but in the evening, before I went to tea, I took them in—I do not buy them of strangers—I buy them with other goods—I placed them, on the 10th of January, on a nail inside the shop—I was in the back parlour, adjoining the shop, and saw the prisoner come into the shop, he took the handkerchiefs, and ran into Holborn with them—I followed him closely—I had seen him before, and the policeman driving him away with others—here are the handkerchiefs—they are worth about 3s. a piece—they cost me about 2s. 6d. or 2s. 9d.—I bought them of Mrs. Woolf, in Cutler-street—she deals in women's things there are several others there who buy nothing but pawnbrokers' goods—that is what I generally deal in—I followed the prisoner into Holborn crossed over to Shoe-lane, and there the officer took him—I was

as close to him as the officer was, but the officer pursued and took him, and he took this handkerchief from his bosom—I never lost sight of him.





LES THORP
. I am a patrol. I was in Shoe-lane, going home—on hearing the cry of "Stop thief,"I turned and saw the prisoner running towards me—I took hold of him, and dragged this handkerchief from under his coat—he said, "For God's sake don't stop me."

Prisoner's Defence. I was passing the prosecutor's shop and saw the handkerchiefs lying on the step of the door—I went by two or three times before I liked to pick them up—but I did, and walked away with then, I got a little way and heard the cry of "Stop thief," and then ran.





WILLIAM BARTON
 (police-sergeant G 1.) I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction of felony, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. * Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
