





577. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 9lbs. weight of cheese, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Free
               




            .
MARTHA FREE. I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Free
               



             - he is a chandler
, and lives in James-street, Old-street


. I had my child in my lap by the parlour fire on the evening of the 1st of February, and heard a footstep in the shop - I turned my head, and saw the prisoner reaching his arm to the end of the counter, where part of a cheese stood on a jar of pickled onions - I followed him to the door, and called Stop thief! Woodgate, the officer, pursued, and took him about fifteen yards from my shop - I did not lose sight of him after he turned from the door.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there any cheese on the counter besides this? A. No, that was all we had; I had seen the cheese not five minutes before; there is a glass door to the parlour - it has no curtain, I had had the prisoner pointed out to me several times before, as a very suspicious person - I knew him again; he is a remarkable man - it was a double Gloucester cheese. I believe, and has a taster at one end; I did not tell the Magistrate, I did not know what cheese it was.



                  WILLIAM 
                  TYAS WATSON
               



            . I saw the prisoner go into the shop and come out in about two minutes - I saw the witness looking after him; he walked out, and the officer stopped him - I did not see any cheese.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any other person come out? A. No - I was on the opposite side.
GEORGE WOODGATE. I saw the prisoner in James-street, Old-street; Mrs. Free said, "That man has got the cheese;" I collared him, and the cheese dropped from under his coat - I took it up; this is it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there any one else about? A. Only a patrol - it was a quarter-past eight o'clock in the evening.


                  JOHN 
                  NEEDLES
               



            . I heard Stop thief! called, and ran to the spot; I took the prisoner to the watch-house - he made no resistance.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 1st of February I had been to Islington, to take a parcel and a great coat for a young man who was going by the Boston coach - I then went down James-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I stood against the wall for two or three minutes - the officer came and took hold of my collar; they did not see me drop any cheese - I said, "Go to the stand and ask the wateringman if I did not leave him within five minutes;" they would not go, but said he was as bad as me; I said,"Look at my coat - if I had had the cheese under it there would be marks of it;" I never had it in my possession, nor saw it - I had not time to get to the shop.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
