



1563. 




WILLIAM HALL
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of May, 1 spirit level, value 15s.; 1 knife, value 2d.; 1/2lb. weight of extract of indigo, value 9d.; 1 glass bottle value 3d.; 1 straight-edge, value 1s.; 2 rhymers, value 8d.; 1 vice, value 1s. 6d.; 1 chisel value 4d.; 2 sets of dies, value 2s. 6d.; 1 medal, value 3d.; 1lb. weight of glue, value 3d. and 1lb weight of ink powder, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas De la Rue, and others his masters.






WILLIAM DAMAN
 (police-constable G 161.) On the 24th of May, I went with the officer Cross to No. 8 Union-place, Tabernacle-row, on the information of Mrs. Engley—I saw a box in a bed-room, on the second floor, and in it found a quantity of loose silk and bobbins and a quantity of silk lace, and cotton laces—I went again on the 25th with Mr. De la Rue, and found this ink-power, and other things there, some on the first-floor, and some on the second-floor—his wife came home after I got there—these ink-powders were found in the second-floor, in a cupboard which was locked—this vice was found locked in the drawers, on the first-floor—the key was given me by prisoner's wife—these other tools were found on the second-floor, in the cupboard, and this one was found in the back yard—Mr. De la Rue pointed out these things as his.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. The prisoner was not present? A. No, he was in custody.





NANCY ENGLEY
. I live at Rotherhithe, I lodged eleven weeks at the house where the officers went to the prisoner and his wife rented the house—I had the lower room and the garret, but I had left when this occurred—the rooms described by the officer, in No. 8, Union-place, Tabernacle-walk, were occupied by the and his wife while I was there.





THOMAS DE LA RUE
. I have two partners, and live in Bunhill-row. The prisoner was in my employ better than two years—these ink-powders have our name on them—they were not put on sale, as we altered our minds afterwards, and did not sell them—the prisoner had access to our factory—he had to come early in the morning, to set the engine to work—I think these powders were in the engine-house—here are seven packets of them—they weigh, I suppose, about 1lb—they are worth about 1s. 6d—this pot I can swear to, and this extract of indigo I think is mine—we have lost this kind of property constantly.

Cross-examined Q. Do you manufacture this ink-powder? A. Yes,

but it was circulated—it was made two years ago—we had to manufactured a great quantity of it.

COURT. Q. Did his wife come to the premises at all? A. I do not recollect whether she did—I think she would have been allowed to go in—the prisoner bore a good character—I can swear to this gule, which is peculiar glue—it is made for us only, and for very particular purposes—it was found the drawers at the prisoner's first floor—it is worth about 2s. a pound—this prisoner is the fourth person that has been taken up.

Prisoner When I left the apartment, Mrs. Engley had the second four—it was their bed-room—the things I know nothing about.





THOMAS DE LA RUE
. The prisoner sent for me to beg me to be lenient to him—he said had taken things, but not with a view of making money of them—he did not take tools home to work with.





WARREN DE LA RUE
. I know this spirit-level to belong to my father—I can swear to it—there was a duplicate for it found in the prisoner's place, which led to the pawnbroker's where it was.





JOHN SMITH
. I can speak to these iron tolls, which were found at the prisoner's lodgings, as belonging to Messrs. De la Rue.




GUILTY
. Aged 46—Recommended to mercy by the Jury




Transported for Seven Years.
