





1918. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of July
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-key, value 7s., and part of a guard-china, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward Meredith 
                     Lewis
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  MEREDITH LEWIS
               



            . I have a situation in the Stamp-office
, and live at Pimlico. Late on the 7th, or early on the 8th of July, I was slightly inebriated, but knew what I was doing - I was walking along the street, and the prisoner ran up to me, and made a sudden snatch at my watch; the chain broke, and she got the watch - she ran off, and I lost sight of her altogether; I mentioned the circumstance to a watchman, who was almost on the spot - he recommended me to go to the watch-house, and in about half an hour, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How much had you had to drink? A. I had been out to dinner with some friends - I had drank, perhaps, three or four kinds of wine, I cannot saw how many glasses; I might drink six or eight glasses of port, and some sherry and madeira -I drank no liquor; I will not swear that the prisoner is the woman who robbed me; there was no other woman near me at the time the prisoner was; one other woman had spoken to me in Bishopsgate-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  PETCH
               



            . I am a City-officer. I heard of the loss about twenty minutes or half-past twelve o'clock at night, and from the description I received of the prisoner, from another person, I took her - I found she was fearful that I was going to lay hold of her, and I pushed her down a gate way - she then put her hand into her bosom, took out this watch, and threw it away.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. There were several women going past me; I never saw the prosecutor - the officer owes me a spite, and said he would transport me if he could.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
