



2953. 




JAMES HEATH
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Dix Davey, on the 
18th of October, at 
St. Mary, Newington, and stealing therein 3 brushes, value 1s., his property; and 1 copper, value 12s., his property, and fixed in the dwelling-house.







MARIA DAVEY
. I am the wife of Robert Dix Davey, and live in Elm-street, Walworth. On Friday, the 18th of October, I missed a copper from the wash-house—a pane of glass was taken out of the wash-house window, which would enable a hand to be put in to open the window, which fastened with a hook and eye—I missed some shoe-brushes, which were kept on the copper—it was all safe over night, and the window shut—I have since seen the copper in the possession of the policeman—it was compared with the place and fitted—I am satisfied it was our copper by a mark inside—I cannot swear the window was fastened over night, but I know it was closed about twelve o'clock.





WILLIAM DAVEY
 (police-constable L 169.) I am not related to the prosecutor. On the 18th of October I was walking down Vauxhall-street, and met the prisoner with the copper under his arm—I asked him whose it was—he said his, and he was going to take it home to his house—I asked him to point out where—he could not, and then he said a man gave it to him—at the station-house he turned the back of an old shoebrush out of his pocket, but it was not taken from him, and I do not know what has become of it—I fitted the copper to the premises, and it fits exactly.

Prisoner, He took the brush from me at the station-house, and returned it to me again, saying it was no use keeping it, I might chuck it away, and I chucked it in the street directly.





ROBERT DIX DAVEY
. My house is in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. I occupy the whole house—the window was merely fastened by a hook, and I cannot be certain it was fast over night, but the glass was broken close to the hook.




GUILTY
.* Aged 39.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
