




346. 




GEORGE BAKER
 and 




JOHN WALKER



 were indicated for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Collier, on the 
27th of December, at 
Christ-church, and stealing therein 18 pigeons, value 30s., his property; and that Baker had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN COLLIER
. I am a weaver, and live in King-street, Brick-lane, in the parish of Spitalfields. In December I Kept some pigeons in the wash-house at the back of my house, adjoining the house—You must go through the washhouse to get into the yard—the door of the house opens directly into the washhouse—you do not go into the open air at all—I saw the pigeons safe last Tuesday week—there were twenty—seven of them—I went again on Wednesday morning at ten o'clock, and missed eighteen of them—a board five or six feet long had been broken down at the side of the washhouse—it was the wall of the washhouse, which is all boards—a person could not reach the pigeons through the hole, it was too high—but the pigeons could fly out by the board being down—it was ten inches wide,—and about eight feet form the ground—I should suppose the hole was large enough for a man to get though—the pigeons were loose in the washhouse—I saw them again next morning at Andrews's—I picked them out the instant I went into his shop—I am positive they are mine—they were alive—Walker lives next door to me, and I have seen Baker come backwards and forwards to him.





CHARLES ANDREWS
. I live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields. On the 27th of 'December Baker came and offered me a bag of pigeons for sale—I asked

him how many there were—he said, "Thirty"—I looked at them, and said "There are not thirty here, are they your own?"—he said, "Yes, they are, I have some more outside"—he went out, and returned in about a minute with another bag—I asked him again how many there were—he said "Thirty"—I said, "There are not thirty here"—I counted them over three times—there were eighteen—I turned round, and saw a man peeping in at the corner of my window—I said, "Who is that man, fetch him in out of the cold—he brought him in, and it was Walker—I asked Walker if the pigeons belonged to him, he said they did—I had a few friends in my parlour, and called them out, as I did not think they had come honestly by them—Mr. Edmondson asked them who they were, and where they lived and took their addresses—I told them to go away, and call again to-morrow, and if nobody owned them they should have them again—next morning I showed the same pigeons to Mr. Collier.

Walker. When I was fetched in, he said, "Are they your pigeons?"—I said, "Yes, they are mine"—he said, "Well, I will give 7d. a piece for them—but when I saw the pigeons, (which I had not done before,) I said I would not sell them. Witness. I did offer them 7d., thinking that would induce them to come back, as they had got to the door, and I called them back—Baker was never off the steps of the door—for Mr. Edmond son advised me not to let them go—they offered them at 8d. a head.

Baker. I went away to the next door, and then returned with them Witness. No, he was never out of my sight—when Walker came back one pigeon was short, and there were but seventeen—he said, "B—the other one," and I said, "I shall not let you go," and detained them.





WILLIAM EDMONDSON
. I was in Andrews's shop when the prisoners were there—I asked Walker his name and address—he gave me his name and his address, "No. 22, Kent-street, Borough"—the pigeons were not taken out of the shop in my presence—I persuaded Andrews to detain the prisoner and give them in charge, on suspicion of stealing them.





ANDREW DACEY
. I am a policeman. I was called into the shop, and took the prisoners—I asked Walker where he lived—he said, "No. 22, Kent-street—I asked him if the birds were his—he said they were—I asked him why he did not sell his birds himself—he said he had such a feeling for his fancy, he really did not like to dispose of them—I found a pencil, a knife, and a box of lucifer matches on Baker—the parish the prosecutor lives in is called Christ-church, Spitalfields, I believe.

Baker's Defence. On the evening in question I called at Walker's house, and remained some time, and went home—I met a man with pigeons in a bag, he asked me, (knowing me about the neighbourhood,) if I knew where I could sell them—I said I did not know any thing of them but I knew a man who understood such things—I returned to Walker, and told him a man wanted to sell some pigeons—I took him there, and the man said, "If you can sell them I will pay you for it"—we then parted, and I have not seen the man since.

Walkers Defence. Baker brought the man to my house, about a quarter past ten o'clock, as I was going to bed, and said he had a man who had some pigeons, would I come down and tell him what they were worth—I went down without a light—I felt the weight of them, and said, "if they are any good they will fetch 8d. a piece"—he said, "Well, if you will get 8d. a piece, you shall have 4s. out of it, and I will go and wait at the public-house," and we went to sell them.

(The certificate of Baker 's former conviction teat produced, but there was no one to identify his person.)

BAKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.

WALKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.
Of Larceny only.




Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

