








143. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     GOODRICH
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     REEVES
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HEARN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUTTON
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, 1 coat, value 1l. 15s.; 1 pair of boots, value 15s.; 1 half-sovereign, and 7s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bennett
                        




                     
                  ; and that 
                     
                        William 
                        Hutton
                     



                   had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I lodged at the Queen's Arms, Cheapside. On the 6th of November, I met Goodrich in the street, near St. Giles' - I asked her to recommended me to a confortable lodging for that night, and she took me to a room on the ground floor in St. Giles'


; I do not know the name of the street - I saw Reeves on a bed on the floor; I had some drink there, but I said that was no place for me; they said they were providing a place, and a good one - I gave them some money, but I do not know how much, as I was in liquor; I am confident these are the two women - I drank out of a jug of liquor which they got; I do not know what it was - after I drank I did not know what Iwas done to till the morning; I know I had a half-sovereign in my pocket, and I did not give them that - I had seen it about two hours before I went to that room, and am certain I had not lost it; I do not know that I went to any other place but that room - I came to myself about three o'clock in the morning; I found I was bereft of my coat, my boots, my pocket-book, and three memorandum-books - they contained letters and accounts, shares of mines, and my money; I know nothing of the two male prisoners.


                  GEORGE 
                  PALMER
               



             (Police-serjeant E 5). On the morning of the 31st of October I went to a house in 
               Ivy-street
            , where I found the prosecutor in a room on the ground floor - it was a little before ten o'clock in the morning; he was without coat or boots, and in such a state that I could not make any sense of him; I went to the station, and got him a pair of shoes - it was five in the evening before I could get any account from him; he then stated he had been robbed of 23s. and his coat, boots, and pocketbook; I took the two female prisoners that evening - I heard some person cry out, "Honest Bill has the money!" I knew who was meant by it - I went and took Hearn; he denied having the money - in going to the station Reeves said, "We may as well tell the truth; after he went to sleep we took his coat and boots off" - Goodrich said, "One is as bad as the other; after we took them off Honest Bill came up the court, and we searched the prosecutor again in the dark - Bill accompained us a short distance, when he took the coat, pocket-book and papers from us, and asked for some money to drink" - that Goodrich opened her hand to give him some, and he snatched the money away.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES BARTLETT
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Wood, a pawnbroker. I have a coat, pawned in the name of Jane Brown, for her brother, No. 9, Star-court; I do not know who by.


                  ROBERT 
                  HUSSON
               



             (Police-constable E 94). I took Hutton, and found the duplicate of this coat on him.
Hutton. Q. Were you not present at the Black Jack public-house when I was? A. Yes, and when you passed the duplicate to Retallick, I took your hand; I did not say you might have what you liked to drink.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RANDALL
               



            . (Police-serjeant F 8). I was with Husson when Hutton was taken; he said all the papers should have been delivered up, but taking him so fast he would serve seven years or eighty-four months before that should be.
Hutton. Q. Did you not both give me liquor? A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  RETALLICK
               



            . I lodge in Gilbert-street, Clare-market, and am a mining-agent. On the 5th of November I met Hutton in St. Giles' - he came up to me, and said he knew what I was looking after, was I do not inquiring after Captain Bennett's purse?" I said Yes - he said he knew all about it; we went to a public-house, and drank two or three pints of porter - he then said if he was prepared with means he could produce the papers at nine o'clock in the morning; I said, "What means?" he said about 12s. - I went out, and told the Policemen to meet me in disguise; I then went and told Hutton to meet me at the Black Jack at seven o'clock - I went there, and he then said he would go to a person who had the papers; I advanced him 10s., and he was to bring them at nine o'clock in the morning - I went, but he was not there; a young woman said, "Are you the person who is waiting for William?" I said Yes; she said, "Come with me, and I will put you into the place where he is:" she took me to a room, where I found him in bed - he said he could not succeed, for a person had offered a sovereign for them; I told him not to let any person have them, and to meet me at the Black Jack at four o'clock; I went there with the officers - Hutton came and sat down by me, and said he had not succeeded; I began to think he knew nothing about it, but he said, to convince me that he did, there was the duplicate of the coat - he put it into my hand, and the officer seized him.
Hutton. Q. Were you not in the habit of coming to the room I live in? A. I do not know where you live - I never saw you at the room but once; there was an old lady, who told me she would do all in her power to get the papers; I might have given her liquor - I did not say I had a 5l. note that was got queer; I said I had a 5l. note but no silver - I had a man with me, to see how you acted- I did not borrow money of that man; I had the 10s. from the prosecutor; I said I had been to the house two or three times myself, and was afraid to go again, but if you could get the papers - I would reward you for your trouble - I certainly believed there were persons in the house who knew of the robbery; when I returned the duplicate you were taken immediately - I did not see any persons pulling you about.
Hutton's Defence. I found the duplicate in the house - I know nothing of the robbery, but this man pretended to be a friend, and like a wolf in sheep's clothing, he jumped out at me.


                  MARTHA 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I live in High-street - my husband is a baker. On the 30th of October we let a room in a a court turning out of lvy-street to the two female prisoners - I had not seen them before; I delivered the key to Goodrich - they were to pay 8d. a night.
Reeves. She keeps a house of ill-fame, and lets out rooms to any one. Witness. No, they are all hard-working people; we cannot ask for characters in that neighbourhood; I let the room to them both.


                  HENRY 
                  POTTER
               



            . I keep a grocer's shop at No. 35, High-street. Hearn came there on the 31st of October, about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon; he brought a piece of paper, and asked what it was - I looked at it, and saw it was a bill of exchange, drawn by Benwell on Lyle, for 15l., and payable at Williams and Co.'s, bankers - I advised him to take it there, as they would most probably make him some amends for his trouble; he left the shop - I thought he had found it.
COURT to 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BENNETT
               



            . Q. Had you a note of that description? A. Yes, I drew it in Cornwall, on Mr. Samuel Lyle.
Reeves' Defence. The old lady's son had the pocketbook where Retallick went and gave the liquor; he had the coat and a brooch, which has not yet been mentioned; he sent the coat to pawn, and he said it was pawned for 1s. 6d., and I must do the best I could for the money - I went for the boots, and they said Douglass had them.
Goodrich's Defence. The prosecutor met me, and asked if he could go home with me; I said Yes, and we went home - Reeves was in bed; I asked her to get up - he asked for no other place; he sent for some liquor, whichI fetched - he went to sleep, and I went to meet Reeves; on my return - I heard there was an alarm - I said I was guilty of taking the things, but I would not make my escape; I went out, and met Honest Bill - he took me to a place, and searched the coat; then he went back, and searched the man; I then met Condy, and told him all that was passed - he said it was very wrong; I gave him the coat to mind till the next morning, and then he said what money could be made of it I should have; we then went to Douglass', and left the boots - we then met Honest Bill again; I was going to give him something to drink, and he snatched the whole of the money from my hand, and ran away.
Hearn's Defence. The young man who had the coat and boots used to live with this girl - I know nothing of it, but having the piece of paper, I cannot read, and I tore it up.
GOODRICH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
REEVES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
HEARN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HUTTON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
