




1526. 




JOHN PERRY
 and 




ANN PERRY
 were again indicted for

stealing, on the 
17th of May, 6 collars, value 6s.; 4 petticoats, value 1l.;1 habit-shirt, value 1s. 6d.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 2 toilet-covers, value 3s.; 1 shirt, value 1s.; 1 shirt-front, value 1s.; 2 bed-valances, value 1s.; and 2 shifts, value 3s.; the goods of 



Oliver Lyndall: and 1 gown, value 2s. 6d. the goods of 



Mary Ann Whitticks.






MARY ANN LYNDALL
. I am the wife of Oliver Lyndall, an insurance broker, of Park-place, Holloway. This property was all mine, except the gown, which is Mary Ann Whitticks, my servant—the property was taken from out of the garden, which is surrounded with iron palings, on the 7th of May—I saw it secure at a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening, and missed it at nine—I did not see either of the prisoners near the premises—I lost all the articles stated in the indictment and more—I have not found all the property—these are part of what I lost—(locking at some articles)—my name is on them—I saw them before the Magitrate.





JOHN ERDWEIN
. I am landlord of a house, No. 2, Grady's-passage, Camden Town. The prisoners rented a room in my house—they came home, on the 7th of May, at half-past eleven o'clock at night, and went to their room, and on Tuesday the 8th of May, they went out, and I did not see them after that—the policeman afterwards came with the key of the door—my house is about three miles from Islington—the prisoners came home on Tuesday night, and went away on Wednesday, but I did not see them after Tuesday at all.





MARY ANN LYNDALL
. I lost my property on the Monday night.





EDWARD RUBERY
. I am a pawnbroker. I can identify the female prisoner as pledging this petticoat with me on the 8th of May, in the name of Ann Parry.





EDWARD WILD
 (police-sergeant N 12.) On searching the prison place I found these articles there all marked, and a number of duplicates of property, many of which the Magistrate allowed the lady to take out of

pledge, as she did not wish to come—the lady identified this gown, which was on the female prisoner at the time of her apprehension. MARY ANN LYNDALL. This gown is my servant's.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
. I am a policeman. When I apprehended the prisoners I took them to the station-house, and on the male prisoner I found a door-key—he said he lived at No. 2, Grady's-passage, Camden Town—I have made every inquiry, and I believe the prisoners are not husband and wife—I believe her name is Ann Way.





JOHN ERDWEIN

re-examined. They lived together at husband and wife.

John Perry's Defence. My wife bought these things when I was not with her.

JOHN PERRY—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years more. ANN PERRY—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
