



753. 




JOHN DOYLE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of February, 2 coats, value 3l.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 2s. 6d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 7s.; 1 seal, value 1l. 15s.; 4 pen-knives, value 5s.; 1 razor, value 5s.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 3 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 2 shillings, the goods and monies of 



Stephen Walton, from his person.






STEPHEN WALTON
. I have been clerk at a timber yard. On Wednesday, the 4th of February, I was in Essex-court, Whitechapel, with a woman—I went to sleep—I awoke between four and five o'clock—the person who had been in bed with me had gone—I instantly missed my top-coat, my under-coat, and waistcoat—I had four knives in the pockets, and 7s. in my trowsers pocket, and three sovereigns in a purse; a razor; two silk handkerchiefs; a gold triangular seal, one stone was cornelian, the other amethyst, and the other plain gold—all this property was gone—I was stripped—I had laid down, having only taken off my two coats and waistcoat—I know nothing about the prisoner—I had been drinking, but knew what I was about—I saw nobody in the house but the woman I went with—I understood it was her own apartment—I laid outside the bed.





JAMES STACEY
. I am a policeman. I went to No. 10, Essex-court, in the morning, and found the prosecutor sitting on the bed, with nothing but his shirt and trowsers on—on searching the room I found this handkerchief just behind the bed—and after the prisoner was apprehended at the station-house, I asked if he knew any thing of the handkerchief—he said, yes; that it belonged to him.

Prisoner. I said it had been mine. Witness. No; you said, "It is mine."





EDWARD PLANT
. On the morning of the 5th of February, the prisoner came to my house, the Coach and Horses, in Whitechapel, between five and six o'clock—it was after four o'clock—I do not open till four o'clock—it might be between four and five o'clock—it was very soon after I opened—he came in with three or four more, without shoes or stockings on; but that I did not notice for an hour and a half after—he had a silk handkerchief round his neck, and a coat on—I do not think he had a shirt on—I was informed he had neither shoes nor stockings on—I went and examined, and found it was so, and turned him out—I had drawn him some gin, and he asked me to change a sovereign—I gave him change—I saw another sovereign in his hand, which he asked me to change afterwards, and I refused—I did not see him afterwards—he came in with Foster, or nearly at the same time—several porters and people were in the room—

he offered a dirty yellow handkerchief for sale, and I believe Foster gave him one shilling for it—there was a hole in it—I do not think there was any red on it, but it was at a distance from me—I live three hundred yards from Essex-court.





WILLIAM JOHNSON
. I saw the prisoner at Plant's house, between four and five o'clock in the morning—he had on a great coat and a red handkerchief—his coat had a sort of brown silk buttons; it was a dark mixture coat—he had a triangular seal in his hands, and I saw him with two sovereigns and some silver—he had something to drink—the triangular seal had different coloured sides, red and white, and the other was gold—I saw him afterwards in Petticoat-lane, selling the great coat, which he had on—I did not see who he sold it to, and do not know what he sold it for—I asked him where he got it—he said he stole it—I am sure he said so—he bought a jacket afterwards—I know he lived in Essex-court—I saw him go in there every day—I live in Keate-street—I do not know whether he sleeps in Essex-court—he lived there with Margaret Brown—I lived with her a little time to go on errands, and he lived with her at the same time—I had seen him there about a week before the robbery.

Prisoner. Q. Had you the seal in your hand to observe it? A. No, you had it in your right hand—you told me at Plant's door that you stole the coat.

JURY. Q. How near do you live to Essex-court? A. About thirty yards off—I often go to Essex-court.





JOHN FOSTER
. I was at Plant's on the 5th of February—I saw the prisoner there, and several others, about half-past five o'clock, drinking—I bought two handkerchiefs of him—I have one of them here—it has been in wear—there are more holes in it now than then—I gave him a shilling for it—I also bought a red one of him, which I have lost—I was in liquor when I bought it, and when I lost it; the prisoner said at the office, this was the handkerchief I bought of him; he said there were two or three holes in the middle, and two darns; and it was so—I have made a bundle handkerchief of it, and it has been washed eight or nine times, and I have worn it round my neck—the prosecutor said it was not his.

Prisoner. Q. Had the handkerchief any picture in the middle of it? A. I cannot exactly say; to the best of my belief it had flowers in the middle, in some sort of colours—I was tipsy at the time.





ISAAC HENRIQUES
. I am a general dealer. I know nothing of the prisoner—I bought a coat in the lane from a person for 3s. 6d., and sold it for 5s.—I bought it in open market—I cannot tell whether I bought it of the prisoner—I will swear I did not—I bought it of a stranger in the lane.





JOSEPH LEVY
. The prisoner offered a coat to me for sale, but I did not buy it of him—I did not see him sell it to any body—it was a great-coat, a kind of a dark mixture.





GEORGE SEAMAN
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner in Essex-court, Whitechapel—not in any house—it was on the day of the robbery, about twelve o'clock—I found 8s. 5 1/2 d. on him—he was dressed in a fustian jacket, a new shirt, a new handkerchief, a new cap, new shoes, new stockings, a second-hand pair of trowsers, and his jacket was second-hand—I had seen him the night before, at eleven o'clock—he then had a pair of old blue trowsers, all torn, an old sailor's jacket, and was without shirt, hat, handkerchief, shoes, stockings, or cap—he lives with Margaret Brown, I believe—it is a common brothel—I suppose about twenty prostitutes and young thieves live there—it is all let out in separate rooms—Brown occupied

the room, I believe—I cannot say the prisoner slept there—I have seen him going in and out late at night, and early in the morning—Brown has absconded since—the boy Johnson has lived with the prisoner—none of the property has been recovered—this yellow handkerchief was produced before the magistrate, and the prosecutor said he thought it was his.





STEPHEN WALTON

re-examined. I cannot swear to the handkerchief.

Prisoner's Defence. If I had been guilty of the robbery, should not I have absconded—I went with the policeman without resistance, and I was struck dumb when I was told the charge—I deny it—I have been in the Navy nine years—I got liquor, and parted with my clothes, which obliged me to remain in London—I did not cohabit with the woman—I had been to sea with her son—he died, and she frequently asked me to go there—I used to sleep at night on the floor, which the boy knows—I used to go out and beg my bread.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
