





1266. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURGIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Greenwood
                        




                     
                  , and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  MARY 
                  TREADWELL
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Greenwood
               



            , of Fore-street, Cripplegate


. On the 19th of July, in the morning, I was near the door, and heard a noise at the window - I turned round and saw three boy
s; the prisoner was the middle one - a small hole had been made in the window a few days before; the prisoner was pulling a handkerchief through that hole - all the parts of the handkerchief had been removed half a yard from its original place - I laid hold of him; he got from me, and got into the middle of the road - I there seized him again.


                  PHILIP 
                  SLATER
               



            . I live in Milton-street, and am a labourer. I heard a cry of "Stop thief;" I ran after the prisoner and stopped him - he begged me to let him go: I said no - he said, "Let me go, for God's sake, I will give you a sovereign" - I took him back to the shop.
Prisoner. I did not say a word about a sovereign. Witness. He said he would give me one - he had no money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNET
               



            . I am one of the city police. I took him into custody, and produce the handkerchief - I found on him another handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I am an officer. I was present on the 5th of July, 1832, when the prisoner was tried and convicted; he is the person described in this certificate which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read).



               GUILTY
            *. Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
