




1577. 




GEORGE HIGGS
 and 




JOHN CRIPPS



 were indicated for stealing, on the 
14th of June, 1 purse, value 6d.; 2 shilling, and 2 half-pence; the goods and monies of 



Mary Newett, from her person.






MARY NEWETT
. I am single. On the the 14th of June I was going to the two-shilling gallery of Covent-garden Theatre—I was not half-way up the stairs, when I felt a pressure against my side—I turned, and saw the prisoner Higgs with my gown lifted up, and his hand in my pocket—I said, "What do you do with your hand in my pocket, you are robbing me?—I seized him by the collar, and during that time I saw him pass my purse to Cripps—I seized them both, and said, "Give me my purse, I insist upon it"—they struggled very hard, and Cripps got away from me—I held Higgs till a gentleman came up-stairs, and said, "What is the to let him go till I get an officer"—he said he would hold him while I went for an officer, which I did—My friends who were with me pursued Cripps, and he was taken—my purse contained two shillings, two half-pence, and a foreign coin—I had taken a shilling from it not two minutes before, and put it into my pocket again—this is my purse.





MARY ANN COLEMAN
. On the evening in question, I went into the area of my house, which is in a court opposite the front entrance of the theatre, and I found this purse there.





MARY WILMORE
. I was looking out of my window, and saw Cripps coming by, and throw the purse down Mrs. Coleman's area.





GEORGE WESTON
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoners into custody.

Higgs's Defence. A tall young man rushed by me—I tooked at him—this lady turned and sail I had robbed her of her purse, but I had not—I never saw this policeman till I was at the watch-house—there was a gentleman who said he saw my hand on the balustrade, and it had not been in the lady's pocket at all.

Cripps's Defence. I was not with his boy—I was going up, and picked the purse up on the stairs.

(Edward Lee, a green—grocer of Clare-market; and Andrew Conway, a tailor of Billiter-street; gave the prisoner Cripps a good character.)

HIGGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

CRIPPS—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.




Transported for Seven Years.
