





887. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 6 sovereigns and 11s., the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Roberts
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a German. I met the prisoner on the 11th of April; she asked me to go with her to Wentworth-street


 - I did not like to go into a house with her; it was about four o'clock in the morning - we went down a court, and she told me to give her a 1s.; I took out my purse, which had 12s. and six sovereigns in it, and gave her 1s. out of it - I put it into my pocket; we were on the ground together for about five minutes - I felt her take my purse from me; I said, "Give it back to me, I don't want to make a noise, and you shall keep 1l. if you will give me 5l. back;" two Policemen were going by - I said,"Now give me my money;" but she would not, and the Police took her.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What did you give her? A. Two sixpences - she did put her arms round me; I went back with the Policeman to the yard where we had been - they found nothing on her the first time, but when I went back again, the Policeman found a sovereign in her hand; she forced me to go to the yard with her.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was on duty in George-street, and met the prisoner and prosecutor - he said he had been robbed of six sovereigns and 11s.; the prisoner denied it, and said she had only 1s. 6d. about her, but on searching her I found 13s. and 1s. 1 1/2d. in copper - I am quite certain she denied having any money but 1s. 6d.; I went back to the spot with the prosecutor in hopes of finding the money, and when I returned I got permission to search the prisoner again - I opened the cellar-door and found a sovereign in her hand.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you search her at first attentively? A. No, sir, I was in hopes of finding the money, and I repaired back directly - it was dark; I found no money at the place the prosecutor said they had been at - the prisoner did at the latter end of my search request that a female might search her, but I had used no indecencies to her; when she asked that a woman might search her I left her and took her word - I did not say"Ding it to me and it will be all right;" the prosecutor pointed out the spot where he had been with her - my brother officer took it from her, but I saw it in her hand; the prosecutor did say he had lost a purse, but I saw none - I searched the cell, but found no sovereigns there.
COURT. Q. What was the distance from the spot they had been at, to the watch-house? A. About half a mile.


                  MICHAEL 
                  BERGIN
               



            . I was on duty at the watch-house when Robinson brought the prisoner in, a little after four o'clock in the morning; he searched her and found 13s. on her - he put that down, but did not search her very particularly; he was ordered to go back with the prosecutor to search where they had been, and see if he could find any gold - the prisoner positively denied that she had any more money about her; she was then locked up - when the prosecutor and Robinson returned, I was ordered to bring her up; I saw she was a little confused with her hands, and she asked for a drink of water - I said, "Let me see what is in your hand;" she opened her hand, and there was a sovereign.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the prosecutor tell you that he had told her she might keep one sovereign? A. No, not at that time - I was not present at the last search; I know nothing of the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw any money except the 1s. he gave me; he held me from the time he charged me, till he gave me to the Police - I was used in a most inhuman manner, but I had no more money.
MR. PHILLIPS to ROBINSON. Q. You took her on a charge of robbing the prosecutor? A. Yes - she walked by my side, and I kept my eyes upon her; she had time to have opened the purse and taken a sovereign out, between the first search and the second - she was left in charge of the inspector, who is not here.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
