



1882. 




PHILIP WYMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of June, 1 watch, value 1l. 12s., the goods of 




Charles Johnson.






WILLIAM JOHNSON
. I am shopman to my uncle, Charles Johnson, a pawnbroker, in Providence-row, Finsbury-square. On the 5th of June, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came and asked to look

at a watch—I showed him one—he asked me to wind it up—I did so—he said, "I see it is out of repair," and asked if I knew any one who would put it in going order—I told him I could get it done—he said he was going into the country to-morrow and would look at another—I showed him another—that was too thick for him, and he asked to look at a third—he did not like that—he took up the first watch I had shown him, and was looking at it—he said he should not mind the expense of repairing, and perhaps he could get it done himself—he then went towards the door, as if for the purpose of looking at it, and ran off with it—I am quite sure he is the person—I have not the least doubt about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you known him before? A. Never to my knowledge—he was there about a quarter of an hour—my uncle was in the shop, and one or two customers—he had a green scarf round his neck, a black coat, and cloth boots—it was between two and three o'clock in the afternoon—I saw him again on Saturday, the 8th.





WILLIAM ROBERTS
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a watch, which I took in pledge of the prisoner, on the 5th of June—this is the duplicate I gave him.





JAMES JOSLEM
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody, and found the duplicate of the watch on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence (written.) "I met a man who told me he had a watch in a pawnbroker's window, which had been stolen from him—he asked me to go in, and see the interior of it, not liking to go himself, as he was not friends with the pawnbroker—he said he would satisfy me for my trouble, and told me to bring the watch to the door, which I did, and he ran off with it—I met him again promiscuously, in an hour and a half, and accused him, and said I would give him in charge—he said it was not the article he thought it was, and gave it me back—I was in two minds whether I should bring it back or not, but poverty caused me to do what I did—I took the watch and pledged it."




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Third Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

