






Before Mr. Justice James Parke.
1257. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     TAYLOR
                  



               
             were again indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary Ann 
                        Eames
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Eames
                        



                     
                  , on the 30th of April
, and stealing, 4 lbs. of cigars, value 5l.; 50 snuff-boxes, value 5l.; 12 lbs. of tobacco, value 50s.; 10 shillings, 2 half-crowns, 10 sixpences, 40 pennies, and 16 halfpence
            , their property.
EDWARD EAMES. My sisters Mary Ann and Elizabeth Eames keep a tobacconist's shop

, at Knightsbridge


; they merely rent the shop and parlour - nobody slept there at the time of the robbery; I have slept there since - I attend the shop; on Saturday night, the 30th of April, I locked up the shop, and on returning at seven o'clock next morning, I found the door open, and missed the articles stated in the indictment, also a pair of trousers and a new hat - the property belonged to my sisters; I had seen it all safe on the Saturday evening, and saw the trousers half an hour before I left the shop - some cheroots were also missing; I saw some of the articles at Mrs. Ewers' on the Saturday following; and my trousers on the Wednesday or Thursday after that.


                  MARY 
                  ANN EWERS
               



            . On the 7th of May I took part of the cigars from Mary Taylor, with two brushes.


                  ADAM 
                  McDONNELL
               



            . I found the prisoners in custody on the 7th of May - I went to their lodging, and found in a saucepan at the head of the stairs, some snuff-boxes, and cigars; the lid of the saucepan was on, and on, searching the wash-house, I saw Pointing the serjeant, find in a washing vessel, a quantity of snuff, some cigars, and snuff-boxes - they lodged more than a quarter of a mile from Eames'; I found a duplicate in their bed-room.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know where they lodged before? A. No - I understood from the constable that was his lodging; I have seen the daughter of the woman who lives with him there - she told me the female prisoner was her mother.
COURT. Q.Had you any conversation with the male prisoner about that? A. No, I never saw him there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN BIRD
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Masters, a pawnbroker, in Westminster-road. I have a pair of trousers, pawned on the 2nd of May, with a waistcoat - I believe the male prisoner to be the person who pawned it, but cannot swear to him; it was a young man very much like him - I believe this is the duplicate I gave the person: it is in my own writing.


                  STEPHEN 
                  PAGE
               



            . On the 7th of May, about nine o'clock in the morning. I went to this lodging, and found the male prisoner there, dressing himself, in the room the duplicate was found in - the female prisoner was in the same room dressed; they live together as man and wife.


                  CATHERINE 
                  ANN
               



             WOOD. I live with Mr. Lyons, a tebacconist. I sent 4 lbs. of snuff to Eames' shop on the 30th of April - I wrote on the parcel in which it was contained; here is my writing on this parcel - it is what I sent there.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  STEPHEN 
                  PAGE
               



            . It was a small house - there were other bed-rooms in it: I was present when the prisoners were examined, and saw what William Taylor said taken down in writing, (looking at the examinations), I believethis signature to be Mr. Gregorie's writing - I saw him write it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he write the whole? A. I cannot say, I believe not all - I believe the clerk wrote the rest.
ADAM McDONNEL. I have seen Mr. Gregorie write - this is his signature; I was present when the prisoners were examined before him.
Cross-examined. Q. How often have you seen him write? A.Times innumerable - I know the character of his hand-writing, (read) - "William Taylor says I found the duplicates in the street."
W. TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
M. TAYLOR - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
