






1375. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; and 1 seal, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burke
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BURKE
               



            . I am the wife of John Burke, we live at No. 21, Turner's-buildings


. I sell fruit - on the 24th of July, the prisoner and another boy

 came into my shop, I served the other boy with a halfpenny worth of apples - and while doing so, I had to step a little on one side, for a moment, and I saw one of the prisoners come round me, from the place where my husband's watch had hung which was over the mantel-piece in the shop; I looked and the watch was gone - the two prisoners ran off - the other boy went as far as the canal-bridge, and then he ran and got away - I called, "Stop thief," and the two prisoners were taken about one hundred yards off - the watch was found in the road, they ran.


                  JOHN 
                  NOBLE
               



            . I am a brush-maker. I live about half a mile from the prosecutor's house - I saw the two prisoners running and the prosecutor after them - I made a stop, the prisoners ran up to me, they said, "Do not stop us, it is for breaking a window" - I said they must stop, one of them tried to run but was taken directly.


                  ANN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I picked up this watch, in a row of houses, in the Shepherdess-fields - the prisoners had run past there - I took it to the station-house.


                  ISAAC 
                  GRUGEON
               



             (police-constable N 27). I was on duty on the evening of the 24th of July - I heardan alarm, and saw the two prisoners running - I pursued them - they were stopped by Noble, this watch was brought to the station-house.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Johnson's Defence. I was going down the street and three young lads ran past me - I then saw the prosecutor crying, "Stop thief," I had heard a window break just before, I ran and called, "Stop thief," and the witness stopped me.
Thompson's Defence. I was going down the street with Johnson, two lads ran past me and pushed me down, and then the witness stopped me - the prosecutor came up and said, she wanted a watch, but she did not think I was one of the boys.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
