







342. 




CHARLES STEEL,



 GEORGE CLARKE,



 PETER WILLIAMSON,


 JOSHUA HUTCHINSON
., and 



RICHARD KING
., were indicted for

 robbing 




James Stint, on the 
12th of December, at Hillingdon, and stealing from him 5s., his monies; and at the time of such robbery, striking and beating him.






JAMES STINT
. I am a labourer, and live at Ruislip, in Middlesex. On the 12th of December I was going across Hillingdon-heath, to my master's with three beasts, about eleven o'clock in the morning—as I went across the heath I saw five men all of a bunch—I did not know any of them before—I had a bundle under my arm containing clothes, which I was going to take to my sister—they belonged to her—I had a canvas purse in my pocket with 7s. in it—the five men were just by a turning which goes to Pollhill—I was following my beasts on the road—they were near the road—two of them, the prisoners Steel and Williamson, came across the road and met me—Steel put his band on my shoulder, and said, "Farmer, come and see if you can understand this game, for I cannot"—the answer I made him was, "I dare say you understand the game better than I do, I have other things to attend to"—I kept on following my beasts along the road, and the two men kept walking along with me—Williamson then said, "Farmer, go and bet him a sovereign, and I will be your halves"—three of them then surrounded me—George Clarke was tie other one—they tried to claw the bundle from under my arm, but did not succeed—I hung to my bundle—I had the 7s. in a purse in my breeches pocket—I had got my hand in my breeches pocket, and had got my purse in my hand—Steel struck me across my arm with an umbrella, knocked my hand out of my pocket, and five shillings out of the seven shillings flew out of my purse on the ground—the purse fell on the ground too, with the other two shillings in it—they clawed it up, and ran away with it—Williamson and Steel clawed at it—I cannot say which got it—all five ran away.

Q. What were the other two doing at the time the three were about you? A. One of them was sitting down by the side of the ditch, and the other walking backwards and forwards by the side of the foot-path—they did nothing to me—they never came nearer to me than the footpath—they all ran away together—I hallooed out to the roadsmen, and beckoned to them—(they are people who mend the road)—Bennett, one of the roadsmen, ran towards me—he might be about 300 yards off—I cannot say exactly—when I hallooed out, Steel clawed a stick out of King's hand, and said he would beat my b—brains out—King was one of those who had done nothing—he did nothing with the stick—he did not come up to me—Bennett

was coming towards me at that time—three or four more people came up, but there is only Bennett here—the prisoners ran away—I saw Steel, King, Hutchinson, and Williamson, again the same day at Uxbridge, and saw Clarke on the Saturday after—Clarke was the last of the three that came up to me—I can swear to Steel, and to all of them as being the five men—they were all together, and ran away together, and they are the three that insulted me.

Q. How long were they with you altogether from the time Steel came up to you, till all five ran away? A. About ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I cannot say exactly—it was eleven o'clock in the morning—I had had nothing to drink at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is this a public turnpike-road? A. Yes, where any body might come—I had no concern with them at all—the one who was sitting down by the ditch had cups and balls—that was Hutchinson—I had seen the game before, time after time, but never played at it in my life—I did not stop to look at them at all—I had drank nothing that morning—I had had my breakfast, but had drunk no beer.

Q. Do you mean to represent that you did not play at cup and ball with the men? A. I mean to say I had no concern with them at all—I did not play with them at all, nor lose 5s.—I did not threaten if they did not give it back to give them in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure Clarke was one of the three men that came up to you? A. Yes, I am—I have always been quite sure of him from the time of his being taken into custody.

Q. How long before the five men ran away did Clarke come up to you? A. I cannot say exactly, he might be walking along by my side seven or eight or ten minutes—they surrounded me—there was nobody with me but them—only these three surrounded me—I saw Clarke in custody on the Saturday as this happened on the Tuesday—I gave a description of the men to the patrol—I described the five men to him.





HENRY BENNETT
. I was at work on Hillingdon-heath on the 12th of December, and saw the prosecutor—I saw five men surround him, and presently heard a dreadful cry out, "Come this way; come this way"—it was the prosecutor calling for help—I ran with all speed towards him—the five men ran away up the left-hand road as fast, as they could, and I followed them up the Pollhill-road, across the meadows, towards Uxbridge.

Q. Can you tell who they were? A. I only know one of them—that is George Clarke—I knew him before—he had worked with me—I was about a hundred yards from him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you sure you got as near as a hundred yards? A. Yes—I have not had any dispute with Clarke—I worked with him in the service of Mr. Shoppe, of Uxbridge, last summer—I was discharged from Mr. Shoppe's employ—Clarke continued there after I was discharged—the men were all running after one another as fast as they could—I was better than two hundred yards off, I think, when the prosecutor called out—I ran about a mile and a half after the men—the nearest I got to them was about a hundred yards.

COURT. Q. What were you discharged from Mr. Shoppe's for? A. Through being saucy to master—Clarke had nothing to do with it at all.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you ever say that you knew Clarke before he was taken? A. No—nobody asked me.






MOSES LANDER
. I am a horse-patrol. I received information of this robbery on the 12th of December, between eleven and twelve o'clock, from the prosecutor—he described the persons to me—I went and took Hutchinson, Steel, and Williamson—I did not know them before—I took them from the description the prosecutor gave me—when I took them Hutchinson ran down the town—I left Williamson and Steel in the custody of a man named Clarke and another, and went after Hutchinson—I brought him back, and found Steel in the custody of Murray the constable, not the persons I had left him with, and Williamson was gone—they were searched—I took this umbrella from Hutchinson, who had on the coat which Steel has on now—I found three thimbles, but no cups and balls—I found 2d. in Hutchinson's pocket—I asked if it was all he had—he said, "Yes"—I searched further, and found 4s. 6d. in his watch-pocket—I searched King, and found some money on him—I had not taken him myself, but my partner did—I found on him 2s. 6d., 5d. in copper, and a counterfeit sovereign, or a Wellington medal.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many persons did the prosecutor describe to you? A. Five—I apprehended three of them—he did not identify them all as the persons who had been round him, as he said two were some yards off—he identified two as being two of the three that had been round him.





CHARLES JAMES MURRAY
. I am a constable. I was at Uxbridge on the day in question—after the men had been apprehended there was an alarm that they were attempting to escape—I saw Steel on the top of an out-house, attempting to escape, and I took him.





JOHN BIRCH
. I searched Steel, and found on him a pocket-book, half a crown, a shilling, and a flash note—on Williamson I found a shilling 5d., a thimble, and comb.





JAMES DARVILL
. I am a constable. I went to search for Williamson after he escaped—I found him behind a door of a bed-room at the Jolly Ostlers, concealed—he had lodged in that house, but not in that room—it was about two o'clock.
(MR. PHILLIPS. on behalf of Steel and Williamson stated their defence to be, that the Prosecutor had played at thimble rig with them, that he put down 5s., which he lost, that he then complained of being cheated, and attempted to take the money from the prisoners, and gave an alarm of being robbed, on which the prisoners ran away, knowing they had been playing an illegal game.)
(MR. PAYNE. on behalf of Clarke, made a similar statement.)

STEEL—


GUILTY
. Aged 22

CLARKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

WILLIAMSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Fifteen Years.

HUTCHINSON. and KING—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

