






1031. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JOYCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, of 
                     
                        
                           Edward William 
                           Griffith
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  WILLIAM GRIFFITH
               



            . I am shoemaker
, and am single; I live at No. 6, Wilmer-street. On the 24th of June, about two o'clock in the morning, I was going home; the prisoner came up to me, and asked me to go with her - I went and she took me down some dark stabling, where there were some stairs - I gave her sixpence to ****, and while doing so I felt her hand in my pocket; I asked her what she was doing; she said nothing; I came up the stairs, and missed five shillings from my pocket; I had had it safe between a quarter of an hour and half an hour before - I asked her for the money, she said she had not got it, but in going along she let one shilling fall from her clothes; she said, "There is your money falling from your pocket" - I picked up the shilling, and took hold of her sleeve, and asked her for the rest; I found one shilling in her sleeve; I took that, and asked her for the rest; she would not give it me - I called watch, and a policeman came and took her - he found on her three shillings and tenpence; I had had two shillings from her before; and sixpence I had given her - the fourpence was not mine.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GODDARD
               



            , (police-serjeant C 105.) I was on duty, and heard the alarm - I ran up, and the prosecutor charged the prisoner with stealing five shillings; I took her to the station; I found one half-crown, two sixpences, and fourpence in halfpence in her pocket; the prosecutor told me he had picked up one shilling, and found another shilling in her gown-sleeve - I gave her back the other sixpence and the fourpence, by the magistrate's order.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor talking to a young woman - she asked him to give her something to drink; he said he had no money; the young woman then said to me "Come down to Page's" - as we were going there the prosecutor walked after us - the young woman met two tailors, who said to her "Poll, will you have a drop of gin"; we went in and had some; in about five minutes, the prosecutor came in, and he called for a quartern - he handed a glass of it to the young woman; she said she had just had one; he then handed it to me; I just tasted it, and he then handed it to a bricklayer's labourer, who had come from a wake, and said, "You drink it"- the prosecutor then came out, and we remained talking; I then went home with the young woman, and as I was going back I met the prosecutor again - he said where are you going; I said to my home; he said, "Will you have a drop of gin, I have got sixpence, that is all" - I went to the Golden Lion for it, but they were shut up; he then asked me to give him the sixpence back, which I did not approve of - he then began to maul me about, and said he would charge the police with me for robbing him; I said I would go with him; I made no resistance.



               GUILTY
             - Aged 39. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
