



850. 




JOSEPH TAYLOR
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of February, 2 coats, value 6s., the goods of 

our Lord the King.—2nd COUNT calling them the goods of 



James Whitcomb.—3rd COUNT calling them the goods of 



Thomas Lynes.






THOMAS LYNES
. I am quarter-master sergeant of the Woolwich division of Royal Marines. I have the charge of the Quarter-master's store-room, where the reqimental stores are kept—they are in my custody—James Whitcomb is the quarter-master—on the 10th of February, in consequence of information I received, I went to the store-room, examined it, and missed two coats—the prisoner was in custody—and next morning I saw the two coats which had been found on him—I was positive of one of them, and believe the other to belong to the store-room—they were safe on the 5th of February—I saw them in the bands of Robert Greenbank. Prisoner Q. Are the coats marked with the King's mark? A. They are marked with the names of the persons they were for, with types used to mark the King's stores.





ROBERT GREENBACK
. I have two two coats which I found on the prisoner

in the guard-room, on the 10th of February—I was sergeant of the barrack guard—the prisoner was brought there by Sergeant Riley, who asked me if I knew him, I said, "Yes; I know him well—he has been absent two days"—I confined him on suspicion of having been in the quartermaster's store-room, and ordered him into the charge of the sentry—I searched him, and found he had two great coats on—I desired him to take them off—he said, "I will not"—I desired two of the guards to assist me in taking them off him, which they did—I have them here.

Prisoner Q. Did not I take them off myself? A. Not without myself and the guard's interfering—I pulled them off—I believe he was sober—it was about a quarter after six.





JOSHUA RILEY
. I am a colour sergeant in the Royal Marines at Woolwhich. On the evening of the 10th of February, about ten minutes after six o'clock, I met the prisoner, I seized him by the breast, and asked him who he was, he made me no answer—he was in front of the barracks—I said, "Have you been down to the barber's shop within these five minutes?"—(that is a room opposite the store-room)—he said, "Yes, "I said, "Quick march, to the guard-room"—he dropped a key—I took it up, and said, "I think this belongs to the quarter-master's store-room"—I took him to the guard-room—the sergeant said, he knew he had been absent, and detained him—I first saw him on the step coming out of the area of the quarter-master's store-room—hearing a voice, and seeing the store-room door open, I ran, and saw him—I took him into the guard-room—I took the key to try it to the door—I found it locked and unlocked the store-room—I have had the key in my possession since—I found the store-room door open—it had been previously locked.





JOHN QUIN
. I am a private in the Royal Marines. On the 10th of February I was in the area of the marine barracks—I heard a noise in the store-room, and asked who was there twice, I got no answer—I immediately called to the barber, who was in a room, opposite the quarter-master's store-room, to bring a light, and then a voice said, "Hush, hush"—he opened the doorway with the light in his hand, and rushed from the store-room door into the area—I took the light from Handford as he opened the door, and said, "The store-room door is open, see who that man is"—I never lost sight of Handford, nor the man who rushed from the door, until I saw him seized by the breast by a man who said he knew him—I stood in the passage, thinking there might be other persons in the store-room—I cannot myself indentify the prisoner—I never lost sight of him, till Handford took hold of him.





THOMAS LYNES

re-examined. This coat, marked Mayberry, I particularly identify, as having so many marks on it—I have seen the other coat in the stores, but not so frequently as the first, it has the name of Burrows on it. Prisoner Q. Can you swear to the mark being there at the time? A. Yes; it is a regimental coat, marked with the same type as the men's dresses are marked.





EMANUEL HANDFORD
. I am a private in the Royal Marines, and an barber to the corps. I was in the barber's shop on the evening in question—it faces the quarter-master's store-room—I heard Quin say, "Who are you? bring a light"—he said, "Go and seize that man"—I ran, and seized the prisoner by the breast, and said I knew him—I went and gave the quarter-master information, and he was taken to the guard-room. prisoner. I was in liquor at the time.




GUILTY
.* Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
