



651. 



ROBERT COOMBS
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Sparrow, on the 
24th of November, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditdch, with intent to steal, and stealing therin, 1 necklace, value 7s. 6d.; 1 pair of earrings, value 2s. 6d.; 3 petticoats, value 3s. 6d.; 1 looking-glass, value 10s.; 3 gowns, value 32s.; 1 shawl, value 30s.; 1 handkerchief, value 7s. 6d.; 2 pais of stockings, value 7s.; 1 table cloth, value 8s.; 2 bed-gowns value 2s.; 3 yards of calico, value 2s.; 3 shifts, value 4s.; 3 smelling-bottles, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 2s.; 3 towels, value 1s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 table cloth, value 10s.; 1 iron pot, value 8s. 6d.; 7 yards of carpet, value 5s.; 1 tea-kettle, value 8s.; 1 set of fire-irons, value 6s.; 1 decanter, value 4s.; and 1 water-bottle, value 1s.; his goods.






THOMAS SPARROW
. I live in Deane's-mews, Holywell-lane. On the 24th of November of St. Leonard, Shoreditch—on the 20th of November

the prisoner came to my house with my wife's sister—he stopped twenty minutes or half an hour, but did not exchange five words with me—on the 24th the officer came with a peace-warrant, and the prisoner, who was with him, walked to a public-house, and treated us with ale, and I was committed for want of bail—on the 26th I got out, and went to my wife's mother's, and the prisoner flew from the house, and gave me into custody—I was taken to Mr. Broughton—I told him the particulars, and he dismissed me—and every thing in my house was taken away during my absence, even the grate was torn out, because I would not sanction the prisoner's marriage with my wife's sister—I had locked my house, and put the key into my own pocket—I left every thing safe—I came to the house the next day, the 25th, about eleven o'clock at night, after I was released from Clerkenwell—it was locked up, the same as I left it, as I thought, but when I unlocked my door and went in, all these things were gone—an old store and an old box were all that were left—the lock was the same as I bad left it, but there was a on catch put on which the lock locks into—here is a great deal of property—every thing is mine—I found some of it at Mr. Hodge's, in Hackney-road—the prisoner came to our mews in a cab, on Wednesday night after Christmas-day, with these boxes and this property in them—they contain linen and wearing apparel—he was taking the boxes out of the cab when I took hold of him—this other box, with more clothes, was in the cab—he did not say any thing—I came down, and seized him—he tried to get away, and kicked me, and I gave him in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you dispute with your wife about his paying his addresses to her sister? A. Yes—I did not turn my wife out in the middle of the night with half her things on the night be fore, Atfield and the prisoner came to me, she got the warrant out, and came with the prisoner and the officer and served it—when I went away, I pot the key into my pocket, and left my wife locked in the house—I certainly locked the door against her on the previous night—she was outside—I was sent to Clerkenwell for want of bail—I was bailed the following day—I went to my wife's mother's house on the Saturday—the prisoner lodged there—I laid hold of my wife, then a scuffle took place, and a pane of glass was broken by the poker which my wife had in her hand—the prisoner went and got the policeman—that was the charge on which I was dismissed—I was in bed when the prisoner came to the mews in a cub—I heard his vow and came down—I heard my wife say something in the presence of the prisoner, the second time I was before the Magistrate, about sending the things to him, she is living with me now—she staid at her mother's from the 24th until boxing-day.





ELIZA SPARROW
. I was locked up in this house, and the prisoner broke the lock and let me out—he had the property removed—I did not direct him—I was not there when he took it away—he brought a cab and stripped the place in broad day—I did not say any thing to him—I did not know what to do at the time—I was agitated through the ill-treatment of my husband—the prisoner did not tell me where he was going to take it, he carried it all off—I did not ask him to break open the house—I did not authorize him to take the things—there was no sale—it was after 1 left my mother's house—I saw no sale, he gave me no money, nor any account of any sale.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you known him? A. I had never seen him above three times before, when my sister brought him to the house—I understood that he was paying his addresses to her—my husband would not allow me to go to the wedding, he turned me out between one and three

o'clock in the morning on the 23rd—I walked about till day-break, and then went to my mother's house—the prisoner lodged there, he offered to go to the police office—I went with him and the officer to serve the warrant—I remained at home locked in—the prisoner went with the officer, and my husband—the prisoner returned and broke open the door—some of my articles of dress were put into the cab with the other things—after he took away the things, he came to the office to me—I did not remain at home till he came back—he said I had better make the best of my way to the office—I went, and there swore against my husband—I then went with the prisoner to my husband's house—he said he would get a broker and sell the things he did get a broker, some of the things were put into a cart—my husband owed some rent—some of those things were seized in the cart at the door—I did not write this receipt (looking at it)—I signed it on account of the, prisoner saying if I did not, it would get him into trouble—some of the things were at my mother's—I cannot tell how long I staid at my mother's but it was on boxing-day my husband came and demanded me—the prisoner told me at Worship-street to say that I had received the money, to clear himself—I certainly did say so there, being persuaded by him—since that I have got back to my husband—I was mot living with him when said this—I sent for some clothing, and in the mean time the prisoner and my sister came the yard where my husband was.





GEORGE BIRCH
. I am a journeyman to Mr. Malpas of Holywell-lane, a locksmith. I was sent to go to No. 1, King John-lane, I saw the prisoner, he directed me to take the lock off and repair it, and put a new box staple to it—he asked how long I should be about it—I said I could not tell—he told me to be as quick at possible—I said I should be half an hour—he said if I did it in that time, he Would give me a pint of ale—it appeared to have been broken open.





ROBERT MADDOX
. I am a cab-driver. I was called by the prisoner, and took him up at a house in Chapel-street—he brought a basket of crockery and a piece of carpet, which are here—he ordered me to drive him to Hackney-road, to a turning on this side of the turnpike gate—I went there and took the things—in going along, he said, "I persuaded Mrs. Sparrow to sell the things off, or else she would never have done it."





JOHN HODGES
. I live in Old-street, and am a broker—the prisoner came to my house about a month or six weeks ago, and asked if I bought furniture—he took me to a house in John-court, New-inn-yard—there were several persons there—the prisoner's wife and the prosecuter's wife were there at the same time, and Mrs. Sparrow and the prisoner selected out some things that were not to be sold—he asked her whether she would part with this or that, and I was ultimately to buy them for 25s.—when we were about to get those things away, the landlady came over and told me about the man being locked up—I then told the prisoner I would have nothing to do with it—the prisoner said he was the responsible man—he went over to the landlady's house and wrote his name, and said he should expect me to pay the money—then the landlady came over; the house was locked up and the goods left outside—I did not pay one farthing—I sent a table home to my house when I first purchased them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner insist on your paying for the goods, though they had been distrained for rent? A. Yes, but I did not.





RICHARD LUTT
 (police-constable G 27.) On the 28th of December I was called—when I entered the yard the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner's collar, and the prisoner had hold of the cab—he was given in charge

to me for breaking into the prosecutor's house—I took him to the station—in going along, he said he was not afraid, as he had bought the things and had got a receipt in his pocket, signed by Mrs. Sparrow; but he should not state any thing further till he got before the magistrate, then he should tell them how it was, and he said he had done it up tidy for them—he did not State that he had paid the money.





PETER DIXON
 (police-constable G 222.) I took the prisoner to Worship street the following morning—I asked what things they were in the coach with us—he said they were the things he had taken to Sparrow the day before—I asked what he had done with the other things—he said he had sold them, but he was all right, as he had got a receipt for the money.





THOMAS SPARROW

re-examined. The value of all that I lost I should say was £20, and they were all taken away but one stove, one box, and a few rags—I cannot tell what is the value of these things in the box, because part of them are my wife's—I was sent to prison on the 24th of November, and these things came to the mews on the Wednesday after Christmas—ay silver snuff-box and a great coat which I gave four guineas and a half for were sold to a Jew at the corner of Holywell-lane—I cannot recover them—I had pledged the snuff-box, but he got the duplicate from my wife's mother and got it out.




GUILTY of stealing under the value of £5.—


Transported for Seven Years.
