





418. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     TOBIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of December
, 2lbs. weight of candied horehound, value 4s.; 11 cards, value 4d.; and 2ozs. weight of candied lemon-peel, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Biddell
                  




               
            .
JAMES BIDDELL. I am a confectioner
, and did live in Whitecross-street. On the evening of the 23rd of December I was at a wine-vaults, and had a bag containing these articles; while I was being served with a small bottle of gin, my bag was taken away - the prisoner stood at the counter, and then went out; I missed the bag about two minutes after she was gone - the officer has the bag, which I know to be mine; the articles were given me by order of the Magistrate.
JOSEPH SIMONS. I am a watchman. At half-past eleven o'clock on the night of the 23rd of December, I was on duty, and saw the prisoner coming down Old-street, and William Crute following her; he called me - I went up, and saw the prisoner drop this bag from under her cloak; I took her to the watch-house, and met the prosecutor - he went to the watch-house, saw the contents of the bag, and gave charge of her.
JOHN ATTERWELL. I am the officer. I asked the prosecutor what was in the bag, and he stated all that was in it.



                  WILLIAM 
                  CRUTE
               



            . I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner - the prisoner had nothing, but I saw her take the bag from the bar, where the prosecutor stood drinking a glass of gin and water - when she was gone he said,"God bless me, I have lost my bag!" I said, "That woman has it;" I ran out and gave charge of her.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw this man at the corner of the street, talking to the watchman; he asked me to have some gin - we went into the house with another woman; when we came out he said he had a very bad wife - we went into another public-house, and I asked if that was his bag; he said Yes, and I might take it in my hand; he then came out, and asked if I would go home with him, as his wife was dead - I threw him the bag, and he gave me in charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
