



554. 




WILLIAM BRANSGROVE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of January, at 
Hayes, 1 sheep, value 2l., the goods of 



William Welch.—2nd COUNT. For killing, with intent to steal the carcass.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





SAMUEL WYATT
. I am shepherd to Mr. William Welch, of Southall, a farmer. He had 153 sheep in Bull's-bridge-field—I counted them on Saturday, the 10th of January—they were all safe a little before five

o'clock in the evening—I went to the field again just after the clock struck nine, and one of them laid there killed—it was a wether, and a long-woolled sheep—it was opened, and the pluck and head gone, and some other parts—it was a two-tooth sheep—some pieces were cut out off the legs, and gone—I took home the skin, and the rest of the sheep—I dressed the meat and kept the skin—I skinned it at home—it was a Leicester sheep.





JOHN VENABLES
. I am a constable. On Sunday morning, the 11th of January, I went to the prisoner's house, in Southall-green, with a warrant—Joseph Harvey, Mr. Welch's steward, went with me—the prisoner was just coming out of the door—I said, "Bransgrove, I want you," and we went into his place—I said, "Bransgrove, I have a warrant to search your place"—Harvey was close behind me—I saw Harvey take a plate off the shelf with a sheep's head in it—the wool was off it; and in another plate on the table there was the pluck, the head, liver, and lights—we brought it all away, and took the prisoner into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you live at Southall? A. Yes, about a quarter of a mile from the prisoner's—Bull's-bridge-field is about half a mile from the prisoner's—poor people sometimes buy a sheep's head and pluck—I have known the prisoner a year and a half—I never had him in custody—he has a wife and two children.





JOSEPH HARVEY
. I am bailiff to Mr. Welch. I went with the constable to the prisoner's house—I asked where he purchased the head and pluck—he said he bought it—I said, "Where did you buy it?"—he said, "I bought it"—I said, "Bransgrove, I will ask you once more, where did you come in possession of this sheep's head and pluck?"—he said, "It is no difference to you where I came in possession of it, I bought it"—I then gave him in charge—I took the head and pluck out of his house, and took him before Lord Montford—I took His clothes off at the workhouse, after we brought him from the magistrate, and his shoes also—I took them home to my house, and went to Bull's-bridge-field with the shoes and corresponded them to the marks close to the fold, and found they did correspond exactly with the foot-marks—the weather was very dry, but it is ploughed land close to the fold—I observed a good deal of blood on the side of his waistcoat, and some blood on one of his shoes—I know Goring, a butcher—I was present when he corresponded the head of the sheep to the carcass which Wyatt brought him—he fitted the head to the neck where it was cut off—Wyatt and I put the carcass on the table, and Goring fitted the head to it—it appeared to me to fit in every respect—the carcass had been skinned at that time—we did not fit it to the skin.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the skin of the head in the other part of the skin of the sheep? A. No, the head was skinned—the patrol was, with me when I compared the foot-marks—they fitted in lengthy in width, and the nails—I fitted, to the best of my recollection, three impression of the right foot, and three of the left—there was a deficiency of nails in the shoes, and a corresponding deficiency in the marks—I produce the shoes I did not count the nail-marks—I did not make any impression on the ground first—we put the shoe down into the foot-marks made by the shoe before—there had been no rain, to the beat of my recollection—we made the comparison on Monday, the 11th of January—there was very little rain on the Sunday—there was no rain at all an Sunday in she daytime, but I believe there was a little on the Sunday night, and very little—I did not see it rain; but in the morning the ground appeared rather damp—I believe there was no rain on Saturday—the field was followed

close to the fold—it had not been harrowed—I should think it had been ploughed three or four weeks—it was not in clumps, but very fine—it is a loam soil—all the six marks fitted—to the best of my recollection, they were all going from the fold; but I cannot be certain—I traced them on the headland, which is close to the fold—there were some marks in the furrow, close to the fold, and some in the headland, which is turnips, and not ploughed—there is no grass at all, and very few wheats—I could discover the impression of shoes on the headland distinctly—I cannot say whether there were any impressions going to the fold—he might go into the fold in another direction—I was quite satisfied with the marks.

COURT. Q. Was this the only field in plough? A. Some part of the farm was wheat.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Would not the impression be made plainer on the young wheat than ploughed land? A. No; for the wheat would keep the impression away—he could not walk without walking on the wheat—our fallow is nearly as fine as the wheat-land—I do not think there is any difference between the young wheat and the ploughed land—if we had only drawn the harrow down the field once, it would have been quite as fine.

Q. Were not these shoes made in the country? A. I do not know—perhaps they were made in London—such shoes are made and sold in the villages, and are worn by labouring men—I swear positively these shoes made the impressions I saw.

COURT. Q. I thought you said you did not take notice how many nails were missing from the shoes? A. No; I did not count the nails—I found the shoes were the same length and breadth, and the ball of the foot corresponded—there are three nails in the middle of one shoe, which agreed with three nails made in the impression on the ground.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were there any men working in the field the day before? A. I believe not; of course the shepherd pitched out his fold—the shepherd wears nailed shoes, and so do I—there were several other marks along the headland, but not by the fold—it would not be the shepherd's business to be on the fallow ground—he might have walked there if he liked—(looking at the shepherd's shoe) this shoe is not so large—if I had seen a mark on the fallow, I could tell whether it was the mark of that shoe, without comparing it, because it is not so large—that is the only difference.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You have been asked if you remarked any deficiency in the sole of the shoes—point it out? A. There are three nails in the toe gone on one side, and on the other they are good—some are gone, and some worn down—I found three nails on the impression—they corresponded in situation with these three nails; and this single line corresponded—here are the marks of the blood on the shoes now—it is not to fresh as it was on the 10th of January—here is the waistcoat with blood marks on it—somebody has been trying to rub the blood marks out of the waistcoat with chalk.

COURT. Q. Do not shoemakers make shoes for country people generally from the same last? A. No doubt they do so—there are a great many nails gone out of these—when I first saw the blood on the waistcoat on the Sunday, it appeared to have been rubbed out—I did not observe it till then—it was all covered with white chalk—Sunday was the first time I went to his house.





JOSEPH SPILLMAN
. I am a Bow-street patrol. I went with Harvey to

Bull's-bridge-field with a pair of shoes on Monday, the 12th, and fitted them to the foot-marks in the ploughed field, within two yards of the fold—I am certain the shoes I fitted, and the footmarks, corresponded.

Cross-examined. Q. How many marks did you see? A. Several, right up the furrow—I saw a dozen of these marks, but not all complete—they were by the side of the field—the furrow runs up the side of the field—the fold is in the top end of the fold—the footsteps were coming from the fold—the toe pointed to go out of the field—I compared the shoes to four marks; two to the right, and two to the left—I took them in my own hands, and fitted them exactly—the bailiff also fitted them in my presence.

COURT. Q. I suppose you took the shoes, and pressed them down on the impression? A. Yes.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you observed the impressions before you put the shoe down on them? A. Yes—I was satisfied before I put the shoe down, that the nails were such as the impression would make—I was satisfied with it, and when I put it down, it corresponded in length and breadth—I have not a doubt the impressions were made by these shoes.





THOMAS GORING
. I live at Han well-bridge, am a butcher, and I have been so about seventeen years. I fitted the head of a sheep to a carcass, which Wyatt showed me—I fitted the bead to the neck, and it was quite perfect—I can swear the head I fitted came off that carcass—I am certain of it—it was not cut at all in a butcher-like way—quite the reverse—the sinews of the neck were torn off an inch and a half long, and that was deficient in the neck.

S. WYATT
re-examined. The sheep I showed Goring was the sheep the carcass of which I took from master's field.





THOMAS GORING
. I did not compare the skin; it could not be matched—the bone of the neck was divided at the wrong joint—on putting the bones together, they corresponded—I am certain the head came off that earcast—I have not a shadow of a doubt of it.

Prisoner's Defence. I have witnesses to prove that I was at home at the time this was lost.





FRANCES LEEMING
. I am single, and live at Southall-green—the prisoner is a married man—I remember his being taken up on this charge—I had to nurse a child of his—on the Saturday before the Sunday on which he was taken, he came home from work about five o'clock—I said untill seven o'clock—the prisoner went out at the same time I did—I know the Sugar Loaf public-house—it is on the opposite side of the road to his house—he said he was going to Mrs. Atto, to the Sugar Loaf, for half a pint of beer.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who else was in the prisoner's house with you at five o'clock, when he came home? A. His wife and child, nobody else—there was a sheep's head there the next day—he brought nothing with him when he came home at five o'clock on Saturday—I saw the sheep's head that night—he told his wife he had bought it in Brentford, is my presence—I did not see him bring it in—the lights and kidney were in the house—he did not say who he bought it of—I observed his clothes at five o'clock, but saw nothing particular on them—his waistcoat was quite clean, as usual.

COURT. Q. What time of the day did you observe the sheep's head and pluck there? A. In the afternoon of Friday—I had been nursing there on the Friday, as the child was bad.


MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he tell his wife what he paid for it? A. No—it was laying on a shelf over the door, on the right hand.

Q. What time of day was it he said this? A. On the Friday night—I did not see him come in on the Friday night—I live next door—I went there about twelve o'clock on Friday—I observed the sheep's head some time in the afternoon, about four or five o'clock—I saw the prisoner about six o'clock on Friday night—I saw him come in between twelve and one o'clock; and he came in at six o'clock again, and I saw the sheep's head.

Q. I thought you said you did not see him come in on Friday at all? A. I mean between twelve and one o'clock—his wife did not ask him any questions about the sheep's head and pluck—he said he bought them at Brentford, without her asking any questions—he brought nothing with him when he came in between twelve and one o'clock—the head and pluck were plainly to be seen before he came in.

Q. You did not go in yourself till between twelve and one o'clock? A. Yes—I was there all the morning, nursing—he was from between eight and nine, and twelve o'clock—his wife was up when I went there—I was not in the house when the officers came on Sunday—I went into the house on Sunday, about nine o'clock in the morning, and staid about five minutes—I went in again, just before the search-warrant came, and was there when it came—I heard Venables and Harvey ask him how he came by the sheep's head and pluck, and he said he bought it—I did not hear him say where—I did not hear him say, "What odds is that to you?"—I did not hear Harvey ask him where he bought it—it was outside the house—Mr. Harvey did ask him where he bought it—I heard him say, "Where did you get this sheep's head from?" and he said, "I bought it"—I was against my own door—I did not hear the officers ask him where he bought it—I heard Harvey ask where he bought it, and he said at Brentford—he said he bought it—he did not say at Brentford—I was out of doors, and the prisoner and Mr. Harvey were in doors—they said this out of doors, and in doors too—Harvey asked him how he came by it—he did not make any answer—he said he bought it—I did not bear Harvey ask where he bought it—I heard him ask in doors where he got it from—he said he bought it—the prisoner was going out as they came in—Harvey said, "Where did you buy it?"—prisoner made him no answer—I was at my own place, and did not hear him answer.

Q. On the Saturday night, was there any thing the matter with his waistcoat? A. I did not see any thing, nor hear him complain of it—I was present when the officers brought him out of the house—he did not, in my presence, tell any body where he bad bought it at Brentford.





SOPHIA ATTO
. I am married, and keep the Sugar Loaf public-house, about five minutes' walk from where the prisoner lives. I remember the Saturday evening before the Sunday on which he was taken—he came to my house that evening just as the clock was striking seven, and left about a quarter after ten—he took a pint of beer—I have a lodger named Edward Enoch—he was there while the prisoner was there, and never went out.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean to swear the prisoner was in your house from a quarter after seven till half-past ten o'clock? A. Yes, I can, with a safe conscience—Enoch was with him, but nobody else—the prisoner had nothing but a pint of beer—he and Enoch were drinking together—he had a drop of his beer, and then Enoch had a pint himself—they did not eat any thing—I know a man they call Dr. Fox—he was not in

the house that night—I did not see him that night—Frances Leeming fetched a pot of beer to the prisoner's house—the prisoner was at my house at that time, drinking—she fetched it at very near ten o'clock—Leaning saw him there—I went up stairs with my children to bed, and I do not know whether the prisoner asked her what she wanted the beer for—my biggest boy, Joseph, drew it for her—I heard her ask for it—she paid 4d. for it—I do not know whether the prisoner spoke to her—I staid up stairs about half an hour—the prisoner was still there when I came down—he staid no time after I came down—he paid me 2d. for the beer—Enoch was present when he paid, and he paid me for his—Enoch lodges in my house, and he remained when the prisoner went away—he went to bed about eleven o'clock—my husband did not come home till Sunday morning—I went to bed at the same time as Enoch—I did not observe any blood on the prisoner's clothes—I heard next day that he was taken away by the officers—I did not go before Lord Montford—he wag taken before Lord Montford on the Sunday—I knew he was gone there.

MR. CLARKSON. Did you know that the prisoner was taken to Lord Montford before he was taken, or did you hear of it afterwards? A. I heard of it afterwards—I am not related to the prisoner—I have known him two years, and always heard a good character of him.





EDWARD ENOCH
. I lodge at the Sugar Loaf public-house—I remember the prisoner coming there on the Saturday before he was takes, just as the clock had done striking seven—he had a pint of beer—I had some with him, and I had a pint afterwards—he drank some of mine—before he went away he paid for his pint, and I for mine—I have known him two or three years—he is an honest, respectable character, and worked for Mr. Riley at the time.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did any body come into the public-house when you were drinking with the prisoner? A. Yes; there were three or four more there—William Rose was one, and I forget the others—Fanny Leeming came in, and fetched a pot of ale—Mrs. Atto gave her the beer—I think she drew it—I will not be sure—I heard her ask Mrs. Atto for it, and she went and drew it, I believe—I saw her come into the room where we sat, and Fanny Leeming came into the room with the beer after it was drawn—I saw her pay Mrs. Atto for it—she paid her a silver sixpence, for a pot of ale—she did not ask for any change—6d. is always the price of a pot of ale—I have seen her pay 6d. for a pot of ale before—she paid the sixpence in silver, not in halfpence.

Q. On your oath, do you not know the prisoner was in his own house drinking with Dr. Fox? A. No; I will take my oath he was not, for he was with me; for it was the very night the job happened.





JOHN VENABLES

re-examined. I took the prisoner into custody on Sunday. I took a pair of spectacles out of his pocket—I said, "You do not wear spectacles, Bransgrove; whose spectacles are these? "he said, "They are Dr. Fox's"—he was asked where was Dr. Fox—he said, "In my house on Saturday night, from seven o'clock in the evening, until twelve o'clock at night"—he said Fanny Leeming was in the house—he said he fetched a good deal of beer for Dr. Fox and himself together—he said Leeming was in the house from seven till twelve o'clock—he said he was there part of the time—he did not tell me what part of the time he was there with Dr. Fox—he said Fox left his house at twelve o'clock—he said Dr. Fox laid the spectacles on the table, that the Doctor got drunk, as well as I could understand, and he got them into his possession—he said

the beer came from Mrs. Atto's—he said three or four pots were fetched in the course of the evening, and Dr. Fox, Leeming, and his wife, drank it, and he himself had part along with them.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. I suppose you were fully possessed of all this conversation with the prisoner when you were first examined? A. Yes; I have not spoken a word to the prosecutor since I have been in Court—I have not been talking to any body about it—I went before Lord Montford on Sunday, the 11th of January—he gave this account about Dr. Fox, on the Sunday, in Lord Montford's office, where the spectacles were taken from him—I was sworn as a witness—Lord Montford took down what I said, it was afterwards read over to me, and I put my name to it—I did not state before Lord Montford this conversation respecting Dr. Fox, because he heard as well as I did what the prisoner said—I did not take notice whether he took it down—he was then acting as a magistrate—I have known Dr. Fox two years—I saw him a week or nine days afterwards, and gave him his spectacles—I did not take him before the magistrate—there was more than one examination—the prisoner did not tell me he had been drinking beer with Enoch at Mrs. Atto's—the bailiff and Mr. Welch were present before Lord Montford when the prisoner said he had been with Dr. Fox.

COURT. Q. Can you form any judgment whether the pluck found on the shelf, was the pluek of a sheep recently killed, or whether it had been killed some days? A. Recently killed—it appeared to me to have been killed on the night before—I went to the prisoner between ten and eleven o'clock on Sunday morning.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What difference is there between a pluck killed the night before, and two nights before? A. It appeared fresh when I saw it on the Sunday morning—I think it must have been staler if it had been bought before—it looked much fresher than if it had been killed the day before.





THOMAS GORING

re-examined. I saw the pluck on Monday morning—I should think it could not have been killed longer than the Saturday—I am sure it could not—from its appearance and the state of the weather it could not have been killed longer than Saturday.

JURY. Q. As it was killed in an unbutcher-like manner, would there not be more blood found on the prisoner's clothes? A. Not at all, as no part, except the head and pluck, were taken away—I could kill a sheep and not have a spot of blood on me—he had no business to have any blood upon him—when a sheep is cut open, there is no blood from the inside—I it is only when it is stuck—I feel certain it must have been killed on the Saturday—I am sure of it, and am sure the head came off that body.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
