






1019. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  PAGE
               





             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  WILLIAMS
               





             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, 41 tooth-pick cases, value 47l.; 1 tin box, value 6d.; 1 mahogany box, value 1s.; 1 bag, value 2s.; and 12 sovereigns, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hitchin
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Hitchin
                     



.
RICHARD HITCHIN. I am in the employ of my father, William Hitchin; he lives in Bridgewater-gardens, and is an ivory and mother-of-pearl worker

. On the 14th of June I had the articles stated, in two boxes - twenty-eight tooth-pick cases were in a tin box, and the rest in a mahogany box - they were in the bag - the sovereigns were in my pocket - I had been with my father to various houses we deal with, and had been drinking at two or three houses; the last house was in Bond-street - and when I came out it took effect on me - I did not know where I was till I found myself in a court in Bainbridge-street, St. Giles's, between seven and eight o'clock - my bag was gone, and all my money, except two shillings, and two sixpences - I went to the station-house, and gave notice - I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a sergeant in the Fusileer Guards. The prisoner Page was a drummer
 in our regiment - I don't know whether he was absent on the 14th of June, but he was on the Monday following, and I received orders to stop him - he came in on the next morning, about six o'clock - the sentry stopped him by my orders, and called me - I took him to the guard-room, to wait till the pay-sergeant came - he said he wanted to go to the privy - I went with him, and thought he put something down - I placed a man there, and got a light - I found on a lodgement this part of a duplicate, and lower down I found the other part - it was for a box pawned on the 16th, for 3s., with Page's name on it - he had been nine years in the regiment, and had a good character.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS CRESSWELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in St. Martin's-lane. This tooth-pick case was pawned with me on the 16th by Page.


                  JOHN 
                  HOUGHTON
               



            . I belong to the Fusileer Guards
. On Sunday, the 15th of June, Page gave me this tooth-pick case, which he said had been given to him, and it had come from France.


                  JOHN 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two tooth-pick cases pawned on the 16th of June by Williams.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN BIRD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have one tooth-pick case pawned on the evening of the 14th of June by Williams.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TITFORD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have one tooth-pick case pawned on the 14th of June by Williams.


                  EDWARD 
                  JULIUS SUTTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a tooth-pick case pawned on the 16th of June by Williams.


                  GEORGE 
                  ADNAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a tooth-pick case pawned by Williams on the 14th of June.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BIRDSEYE REEVE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a tooth-pick case pawned on the 14th of June by Williams.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAPP
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have one case pawned by Williams.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOTWOOD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have one tooth-pick case pawned by Williams on the 16th of June.


                  JOSEPH 
                  THIMBLEBY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have one tooth-pick case pawned by Williams on the 16th of June.


                  JAMES 
                  SAYER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have one tooth-pick case pawned by Williams on the 16th of June.


                  EDWARD 
                  MUNDY
               



            . (police-serjeant E 2). I heard of this robbery - I went to the different pawnbrokers - there were eleven more cases found; but they could not identify the prisoners, and they were given up - the money is quite lost.
(Williams put in a written defence, stating that she had found a parcel in the court containing the property, and not finding an owner, had pledged the articles.
PAGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
