





148. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     GLEESON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, 1 shirt, value 2s.; 2 shifts, value 2s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 2s., and 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Hill
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  HILL
               



            . I am the wife of Matthew Hill - he is a bookbinder
, and works in St. Martin's-lane


. On the 4th of December I had this shirt, these shifts, trousers, and several other articles wrapped up in an ironing blanket, ready to iron - I was gone out for some work, and left them in my room on the first floor; it is at a shop, and there is a middle door, which is open in the day - a person might have walked in, and taken them; I went out about half-past eleven o'clock, and returned at one - I saw a crowd round the house, and was told a woman was at Bow-street office; I went there, and saw these articles - 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Lowick
               



             keeps the house.


                  THOMAS 
                  SANDS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was called about one o'clock, found the prisoner in Mr. Lowick's, and some property on her - these things were laying by her in the passage in a sheet, but not tied up, and she had in her possession a pair of brass candlesticks and some other things of Mr. Lowick's; she said she was very sorry, and that distress drove her to it.


                  FREDERICK 
                  LOWICK
               



            . I am landlord of the house. I believe these articles to belong to the prosecutrix and her husband - I had known the prisoner's person, but she had no right in the house - I came home at twenty minutes before one o'clock on the 4th of December, and heard some high words in the passage; I ran in, and saw the prisoner with this bundle of things by her side, and some in her apron; my wife was accusing her of having my property - she said, "I have nothing more belonging to you;" I said,"Before you go from here, I will go up stairs and see;" I went up - all the things in my room were packed up ready for removal, and I missed some articles; the prisoner must have been very busy, if she did it all herself - when I came down my wife said, "We will all go up together;" but the prisoner got to the door, and ran out - she was brought back.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Newgate-market, and met a woman in St. Andrews street, who said,"If you will go to a place up here, I will satisfy you for your trouble; go up to the one pair landing place, and there is a bundle near the door - I have had some words with my husband, and if I go in I shall be known; bring that bundle down, and if the door is open you will see another one;" I went, got these things, and as I was coming down the gentleman said, "Where are you going?" I said I was sent for these things - I put them down, and said I would go and get the person; they pursued me, and said I was going to make my escape - they would not give me time to fetch the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
