





OLD COURT. - Monday, September 8th.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1359. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BASSIL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of August
, 1 gelding, value 7l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Joyner
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOYNER
               



            . I am the son of Jonathan Joyner, of Little Missenden, Bucks


 - he had a horse, which I saw safe in the meadow on Friday, the 22nd of August, about six o'clock in the evening - on Saturday morning at eight o'clock I missed it - it was a bay gelding, two years old, and fourteen and a half hands high - the gate of the meadow was shut - we could not find it any where - I sent information of it to the constables, and received a letter from London - I came to town, and saw it at the Lion, at Paddington, in possession of Sullivan - I swear it was the same.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. It was very young, was it not? A. Yes; but not very lively - it never broke out of the field - we bred it, and have got the mother of it- when they are breed together they never go away - the mare was in the meadow with it - I fastened the gate myself that Friday night - the meadow is enclosed with a hedge - I do not know that there are any gaps - the gelding had a shoe off, and I traced it above a mile - the nearest turnpike road is a quarter of a mile from the field, but the gate opens on the heath - they cannot get off the heath, there are gates to stop them.
COURT. Q. How far is Missenden from Paddington? A. Twenty-eight or twenty-nine miles - it had a shoe come off on Friday, when it was at work, and it was brought up to Paddington without a shoe - it came by our house on the common - I could not trace it till it had got about half a mile from the house, on the road going towards Cheshunt and towards London - I do not know the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUTHERDON
               



            . I am an officer of Paddington. On Saturday morning, the 23rd, about four o'clock, I met the prisoner, leading this colt along Hanover-road - I asked him what was the matter with it - he said he thought it was griped - I examined it, being used to horses - I suspected it was stolen - I advised him to give it something to eat, and I would come and see it again, and to put it somewhere - I went at six o'clock and saw the colt again, and seeing symptoms of its being very much beaten, I detained him at the Red Lion, where the prosecutor came and identified it.
Cross-examined. Q. You seem to call it a colt? A. I have been used to horses all my life - we always term them colts, though it is a two years and a half old gelding - a horse-dealer would call it a colt.
JURY. Q. Would not you also call it a gelding? A. Not unless I was asked if it was a gelding - I should take it out as a gelding it is a clean cut gelding - I met him at four o'clock in the morning, and took him at eleven.
MR. BODKIN. Q. How did you take him at eleven o'clock? A. I took the gelding at six o'clock, and waited till he returned to the Red Lion at eleven o'clock - he came from London - I had not detained the horse till six o'clock- he was absent then, and did not know it - I did not take the horse from him at four o'clock, but suggested that he had better put it in the stable - I was dressed as a policeman when I spoke to him.(The prisoner made no defence; but 
               
                  James 
                  Parsons
               



            , coach lace maker, 39, Long-acre; and 
               
                  George 
                  Parsons
               



            , clerk to Mr. Wood, of Long-acre, gave him a good character.)
GUILTY. Aged 44. - 


               Strongly recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury, on account of his character
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
