





Before Mr. Justice James Parke.
1532. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CROUCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Martha 
                           Gann
                        




                     
                  , on the 15th of June
, and stealing 3 silver spoons, value 6s.; 1 toothpick-case, value 1s.; 1 ink-bottle, value 6d.; 1 brass cock, value 1s.; 1 button, value 1d.; 1 necklace, value 1d.; 1 thimble, value 1d.; 1 smelling-bottle, value 6d.; 1 rule, value 4d.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 1s., and 2 knives, value 6d., her property
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GANN
               



            . I am the daughter of Martha Gann, who lives at Hackney, in Fletcher's-court


 - she left the house, and came to see me at Lambeth, about the end of January, and while visiting me she was taken ill - she does not lives at Hackney now; I was there when she left the house, and am sure it was all fastened up - I tried the doors and windows myself: her furniture was all left safe - I went there again on Friday, the 15th of June, in consequence of information, and found the door unlocked - the lock was forced back; it was on the latch, and could be opened outside - I missed the articles stated in the indictment; a box in the house had been forced open by a screw-driver.


                  JOHN 
                  CAREY
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 13th of June I was at Hackney, and saw the prisoner with a silver toothpick: I asked where he got it - he said he found it opposite the Black Boy, at seven o'clock in the morning - that is just opposite Fletcher's-row; he asked 6d. for it -I saw the ink-bottle sticking out of his trousers pocket; I took it out, and asked where he got it - he said he gave 2d. for it to a charity-school boy; I asked if he could produce the boy - he said Yes, but afterwards said he was gone into the country, hay-making; I asked if he had any thing else in his possession - he said No: I put my hand into his pocket, and found this brass cock - he said he found that on the 12th of June, in the back lane, Hackney- I found a mother-o'-pearl button in his pocket, which he said was given to him.


                  GEORGE 
                  DANIEL GRAY
               



            . I am a Policeman I was at Hackney on the 13th of June, and saw the prisoner holding up a blue necklace in his hand, as if for sale; I asked where he got it; he said he had just picked it off the pavement on Hackney-terrace - he left it with me.


                  MARY 
                  BRIDGES
               



            . I live in Well-street, Hackney. On the 13th of June I was in a green-shop, and saw the prisoner in the street, with this thimble; he asked 2d. for it, which I gave him - I asked where he got it; he said he had found it in the dust in the brick-field.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRYAN
               



            . I live at Hackney. I saw the prisoner with a knife on the 13th of June; I bought it of him - he said he found it in Mr. Wood's yard in Well-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILLET
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 15th of June I went to the prosecutrix's house in Fletcher-row, and found the street door open; the lock had been wrenched back by some instrument.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The door was left open; it was a temptation to any body to go in to lodge for the night, and I found the house full of goods.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
