






89. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TUTE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October

, 36 pairs of gloves, value 4l. 17s., and 30 pairs of other gloves, value 3l. 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Abel
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     CHRISTIAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously counselling, procuring, and commanding the said 
                     
                        William 
                        Tute
                     



                   to commit the said felony
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  ABEL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Abel
               



            , of St. John-street-road. On Saturday, the 27th of October, the prisoner Christian came, and said he wished some gloves to be sent to No. 60, Aldermanbury, for a gentleman to look at who had come from Hastings; he left an order and a card - they were not to be left for sale, but only to be looked at, and an order given on the Monday morning following; I had not known Christian or Tute before - on the Monday morning Tute brought a note, and said the gentleman was then waiting at the warehouse to look at them, and they must go immediately tohim - I said my son was going that way, and he should take them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you remember going into the Green Man, in Bucklersbury, after this? A. Yes, I went into the parlour with the officer; he told me to look round and see if I could see the person - I saw Christian there; I did not say I did not see him.


                  GEORGE 
                  ABEL
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I took the gloves to No. 60, Aldermanbury



, on Monday the 29th of October: I found Tute there - I told him I had brought the gloves; it was then about nine o'clock - Tute said,"Oh, very well; Mr. Christian has just stepped out with the gentleman who wished to see them, and will not return till three o'clock; you had better leave them;" he asked what quality I had brought, and I told him - he asked the prices, and seemed to be writing the prices down on a piece of paper; I left the gloves, and went to a person named Carter - I went back to the premises in Aldermanbury about eleven o'clock, and found them closed; I then went home, and in the evening I went to the premises - I was waiting at the door, and some person told me they were swindlers; I saw Tute come up to the place - I told him I wanted the gloves back; he said he knew nothing of them, he was Christian's servant, and he had given them to him - that he went and closed the premises, and I gave him in charge of an officer - the goods I left were, thirty-six pairs of gloves of one sort, and thirty pairs of another.
Cross-examined. Q. You left them of your own accord? A. Yes; I did not leave them on credit - I left them for Mr. Christian to show the gentleman.
Order read.
"Women's town made black kid gloves; women's coloured ditto; men's town-made black kid; men's coloured ditto, different prices."
Card read.
"Christopher Christian and Co., Warehousemen, 60, Aldermanbury, London."
Note read.
"Messrs. Christian and Co. will be glad if Mr. Abel will send, as soon as possible, some habits, coloured, town-made kid habits, black, and gentlemen's black and coloured, as samples, having a customer calling this morning to give an order.
60, Aldermanbury, Oct. 29, 1832."
Tute's Defence. I had been acquainted with the parties only three days before; I had no part or share in it - I received the property, but I handed it to Christian and Co., in the warehouse.
Christain's Defence. I called with the order on the Saturday, and on the Monday my partner gave Tute the order to go and get the goods - there was not time to return the goods, as Tute was taken the same day; I was not at home that day.
JURY to GEORGE ABEL. Q. What did you mean by saying the shop was shut? A. The door was shut, but the shutters were down; I waited about the greater part of the day, and no one came till the evening - none of the goods were ever offered to me back; I saw some horse-hair strewed about the warehouse, not more than would fill a hat, and some empty boxes: Tute seemed to be sorting the horse-hair; when I returned at eleven o'clock I made what noise I could, but could not get in.
TUTE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.
CHRISTAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.





               Transported for Seven Years
            . (See 3rd Day.)
