



2292. 




WILLIAM JONES, alias
 Barrett,

 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of August, 1 cash-box, value 7s.; 2 bags, value 6d.; 300 sovereigns; 1 £100, 1 £40, 4 £10, and 3 £5 Bank-notes; the goods and monies of 



Isaac Maurice.






ISAAC MAURICE
. I belong to the medical profession, and live at No.8, Grosvenor-street, Camberwell. On Saturday, the 15th of August, I came up from Dudley, beyond Birmingham, by the "Tally Ho" Birmingham coach—I arrived soon after seven o'clock in the evening—we stopped at the Bull and Mouth; but I lost my property in Manor-place, Walworth, at No. 10—I called a cab at the Bull and Mouth, to go there—I was lodging there—at the time I got into the cab, I had a carpet bag, a travelling cloak, and a large paper parcel, and my cash-box—my cash was in my box, locked, and covered with paper, with my own name on it—they were put into the cab—I did not take particular notice of the driver, it was getting rather dusk—I believe the prisoner was the man—I drove to No. 10, Manor-place—I there got out—I believe the prisoner handed me some of my parcels out, and I partly took them out myself—when every thing was out, I paid him, and he drove away immediately—he flogged his horse and went off very quickly—there was no space of time, scarcely, between the time I paid him and the time he drove off—I missed the box immediately—it contained the property stated—I mentioned to the landlady that I had left the box, and must go after it, and see about it—I went, but he was too far gone, I went to the Elephant and Castle, and took a cab, and pursued to the stand which I took him from—I knew the number of the cab before I went after it—I found the same cab, but not the same driver; he was gone—the box contained the property, besides some loose papers of no value—I cannot tell when the prisoner was taken, but he was taken in Westminster, by the police—I have never seen a shilling of the property.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. did you know the number of the cab? A. Yes; I have the number down on paper—I put it down, and two or three days after, I believe, I went to the office in Guildhall, and they took it down—I cannot swear the prisoner was the driver, but to the best of my belief he was—I got the number by means of the superintendent at the police-office—I gave him a description of the driver and the cab, as a yellow-bottomed cab, and they gave me the number; it corresponds with the number I got at Somerset House, and it was the true number—I know there are numbers of yellow-bottom cab.


COURT. Q. You say you believe the prisoner to be the person who drove the cab? A. Yes; though he was differently dressed from what he is now—I followed the cab, and found it on the same stand I took it from—I could recognise it again—I did not take the number; I could scarcely see; it was between eight and nine o'clock.





WILLIAM MERRICK
. I am porter at the Bull and Mouth. On the evening of the 15th of August I remember calling a cab for this gentleman—the prisoner was the driver—I saw the property put into the cab, and the gentleman drive away—I never saw the prisoner again till he was taken.


Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure the prisoner was the driver? A. Yes; I had known him before—I am sure I am not mistaken.





HENRY INSKIPP
. I am a cab—driver. I know the cab, and the prisoner who drove it—I saw him that evening drive a gentleman, with some luggage in his cab—it might be seven o'clock, or later—he came round St. Paul's Church-yard with the cab, and I passed him with another cab.






JOSEPH BONSOR
. I am a fishmonger, and live in Rose-court, Fore-street. I have known the prisoner about three months—on that Saturday night he drove a green-bottom cab and horse—he brought it in about half-past eight o'clock, and changed the horse—I did not see any thing of him for a good while after—for about six weeks—he them bought a cab and horse of me—he paid me 10l., and was to pay 8l. more—he should not drive any more—he went away on the Saturday night, and I never saw any more of him for a month or six weeks.

Cross-examined. Q. The cab he drove for you was a green-bottom one? A. Yes; I had a yellow-bottom cab, but he was not out with that

COURT. Q. Did he leave any more money with you? A. No, not a farthing.





JOSEPH EDWARDS
 (police-constable L 182.) I apprehended the prisoner on the 16th of September for a misdemeanor, for which he paid 5l. and during that time I questioned him respecting a horse that he had—he gave a sorry account of it—Mr. Bonsor came forwards and identified the horse, and during that time I received information of this.
(Benjamin James Fowler, builder, No. 13, Beech-street; George Wilmot furniture broker, Hoxton Old Town; Samuel Striffin, No.3, Edward-street, Kingsland-road; William Henry Barrett, Clock-master, No.17, Oxford-street; and John Jones, painter and glazier, Ragan-street, Chiswell-street gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

