







173. 



HANNAH WOOLFORD
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of November 1 muff, value 2l. 5s.; 12 spoons, value 3l. 10s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 15s.; 1 ring, value 12s.; 1 pair of clogs, value 1s.; and 1 pair of nutcracks, value 2s.; the goods of 



Robert Burrows, her master: and 





CHARLES BIRCHENO



 for feloniously receiving 12 spoons, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, and 1 pair of nutcracks and 




JOHN GILL
 and 



JOHN BAGLEY



 for feloniously receiving 4 spoons, and 1 pair of sugar-tongs: and 




WILLIAM ANSTEY



 for feloniously receiving one pair of nutcracks, part of the said goods; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c., to which

Woolford pleaded




GUILTY
. Aged ✗.—


Transported for Fourteen years.





ROBERT BURROWS
. I live in Skinner-street, Somers-town, and am a grocer. I lost these spoons, and missed other things—two small boxes were broken open, and money taken out—Woolford, who has pleaded guilty, was my servant—these ten spoons are mine and these four, and these sugar-tongs and nutcrackers—the property lost is worth 8l. or 9l.—Woolford has been with me four months—she absconded on the morning of the 13th of November and we missed these things—they were not locked up—they were in different parts of the house—I unfortunately took her with a written character—I saw the articles safe at five o'clock the day before.





THOMAS SEAL
 (police-serjeant G 16.) On Wednesday, the 16th of November I was in the station-house when Anstey and Gill were there—they had a conversation, in the course of which I heard Anstey say to Gill, "You had better tell the whole truth about it—you know that you and Jack Bagley went and sold it to silversmith in Camomile-street"—I then went to a public-house in the neighbourhood, where I found Bagley in custody—I told him he was charged with being concerned in stealing some silver—he accompanied me to the station-house—he there said, "I will go with you and show you where we sold it"—I asked him who sold it—he said Gill went to sell it, and he went with him—I, and Davis and Bagley, went all three together to a Mr. Stevens, silversmith, I Camomile-street—I there saw the witness Foster, and asked if he had bought any silver of two young men yesterday—he said, "Yes", and instantly produced it—that was in Bagley's presence—I asked him if he thought Bagley was one that sold it—he said he could not swear to either of them—I told him to be at Worship-street police-office at eleven o'clock that morning—he came there, and produced all the silver—he said he had given 5s. 4d. an ounce, and it came to 3l.—there was 11oz. 5dwts.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. I think you say you asked Foster if he had bought some spoons the day before? A. Yes, I do not recollect telling him he had bought them—I told the Magistrate so—I believe spoons—I meant it as a question—Anstey had been in custody a quarter of an hour, I believe—when

I heard the conversation I was in a part of the station-house called the charge-room, engaged in writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What you heard about the silversmith was in consequence of what Bagley told you? A. Yes.





WILLIAM FOSTER
. I am clerk to Mr. Stevens—he lives at No. 9, Camomile-street. On Wednesday, the 16th on November, two young men came, who I believe to be Bagley and Gill—they asked if we bought old silver—one of them then said he had got a little to sell—I think that was Gill—I told him to let me see it—he pulled out of his pocket ten tea-spoons, two table-spoons, and one pair of sugar-tongs—I then asked them what they wanted per oz. for it—the reply was 6s.—I told them that price would not suit, I would give them 5s. 4d. per oz., as the things were in rather better condition than for melting price—they rather hesitated, and I thought were going away, and in a minute or two came back and said I might have them.





JOHN BENNETT
. I am foreman to John Clark, of Old-street, St. Luke's. On Tuesday afternoon, the 15th of November, Bircheno came into the shop with two table-spoons, ten tea-spoons, a pair of sugar-tongs, and a pair of nutcracks, as I call them—they are sometimes called crackers—he asked me to lend him 2l. on them—the spoons weighted ten ounces and one quarter—I lent him 2l. on them—he went away—I asked if they were his own—he said they were, and the next morning he came and redeemed them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You knew him very well? A. Yes, before that—if he had been disposed to keep it secret, ours was not the place to bring them to—he came in an open manner—he is a journeryman baker, and his mother keeps a shop in Featherstone-street, near us.





JOSEPH SCOTT
. I keep the George public-house, in Foster-buildings. On Wednesday, the 16th of November, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, Anstey came in and called for something to drink—and while he was standing there drinking, there was a pair of nutcracks laid on the bar on the counter—as he went away he said, "Mr. Scott, will you take care of these till the morning?"—I said I would, and in the morning the policeman came and asked me for them—I cannot swear that these are the same—I gave the same property that Anstey gave me to the officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you known him long? A. Yes, some years—he has been in a situation that required a good character.





JOHN MARTIN
 (police-constable G 127.) In consequence of information I went to Bircheno's lodgings, and saw him there, sitting by the fire—I asked him whether his name was Bircheno?—he said it was—I told him he must go with me—he said "What for?"—I did not know what the robbery consisted of, and I told him he might learn that at the station-house, and asked him if he had been at Greenwich—he said no—I did not see Anstey at the station-house till the next morning—he was then in the cell with the other two prisoners, Bagley and Gill—I think it was one of them called to me—I went to the hole in the door, and Anstey said. "This is a rum job I have got into, how do you think it will terminate?" or something of that kind—I told him the spoons were found, but there was a pair

of nutcracks missing—"Oh", he says, "I have left them at Scott's—I went to Scott's, and asked him if Anstey had left any thing there—he handed over the nutcracks.

Cross-examined by
MR. PANE. Q. Did he say it is a rum job, or an awkward job—A. I cannot be certain which.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You have just now sworn that you asked Bircheno whether he had been to Greenwich? A. Yes, I have always given the same account of it, but it was not written down in the depositions—I might have asked him if he had been to Greenwich with a female—I swear I asked him if he had been to Greenwich.





WILLIAM ARNOLD
. I live in Wood-walk, Greenwich, and am a waterman. On the 15th of November, a little before one o'clock, I saw Woolford and Bircheno standing together on Garden-stairs causeway—I asked if they wanted a boat?—they said, "Yes, we want to go on board the hospital ship to see a person who is ill"—I put them on board, and left them.





JOHN DAVIS
, (police-sergeant G 157.) On the 17th of November I went to Anstey, and asked him if he had bought a ticket of some plate of Bircheno—he said yes—I asked him if he knew where the plate was?—he said no, but he would take me to a young man who went and sold it, the day before—I went in company with him to the prisoner Gill, in Banner-street—I asked Gill if he knew where the plate was?—he said no, he knew nothing of it—I told him he must go with me to the station-house, and there Anstey said, "Why not tell the officer the truth, you know that Bagley and you went and sold, it yesterday"—Gill said he could not tell where it was sold, but Bagley could—I went back and told Bagley—he said he knew nothing of it—then sergeant Seal came, I got a cab, and went with him and Bagley to Camomile-street, where I saw the property now produced.
(MR. DOANE
addressed the Jury on behalf of the prisoner Bircheno, and stated that he had met with Woolford on the Monday, and remained with her till the next morning. when she gave him the articles to pawn, which he pawned in his own neighbourhood, not suspecting they were stolen, and that on the Wednesday Anstey gare him the money to redeem them, and bought them of him.)
(Higgins, general dealer of Cambridge heath, Hackeny;----Frank, oilman, near London-bridge; and----Eles, a porter, in Golden lane, gave the prisoner Bircheno a good character.)




BIRCHENO—
GUILTY Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.





Transported for Fourteen Years.

GILL. BAGLEY and ANSTEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
