




1841. 




HENRY WATTS
 and 




JOHN LEE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
25th of June, 1 pair of stays, value 5s.; 1 shawl, value 1l.; I handkerchief, value 5s.; 1 table-cloth, value 8s.; and 1 apron, value 2s.; the goods of



 Harriet Punshon.



MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





HARRIET PUNSHON
. I am a teacher of music. In June last I was living in Church-row, Islington—I moved from there on Monday, the 25th of June-Watts was recommended to move my things-Lee assisted Mar—they did not move all on that Monday—some were left till Tuesday—there was a chest of drawers—they were locked—I had about fifteen sovereigns in a tin box in one of the drawers—I had in the same drawer a pair of stays, a shawl, and table-cloth—the drawers were moved by hand—the prisoners took them without me—I did not miss any thing till the Friday, when I missed seven or eight sovereigns—I found the drawers locked—I then missed from them a pair of stays, a shawl, handkerchief, table-cloth, and apron—these are all mine—(examining them.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you single? A. Yes—I employed Watts, and he employed Lee.





LOUIS HARRIS
. I am in the service of Mr. Walters, a pawnbroker, in Goswell-road. I produce a shawl, a table-cloth, a handkerchief, and pair of stays, which were pawned at my master's, on the 25th of June, by Lee, part in the afternoon, and part in the evening, in the name of J. Fountain, for his mother.





CHARLES TIJOU
. I am in the service of Mr. Drew, a pawnbroker, at Islington. I produce a silk apron, pawned on the 25th of June, by the two prisoners in company—I do not know which—they were both in one box together—I threw the ticket and money down on the counter—they both came in for the same purpose, and went out together.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. Yes—my evidence was taken down and read over to me—I believe I was asked if it was correct—I do not know which pot it down on the counter-Watts bought a hat-Lee said the apron was given to him by his sister, and Lee pawned it.
(The prisoner Watts received a good character.)

WATTS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Three Months.

LEE—


GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
