



1485. 




ELIZABETH LOMAS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of May, 1 ring, value 10s.; 1 gown, value 12s.; 1 shawl, value 18s.; 1 pair of stays, value 1s.; 2 aprons, value 1s.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 bonnet, value 3d.: and 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; the goods of 




Elizabeth Morran.






ELIZABETH MORRAN
. I am single, and lived in Peter-street, Cow-cross at the time this happened. I am a waistcoat-maker—I took the prisoner in out of charity, about a fortnight before this—I had seen her three or four times about twelve months ago—I went out on the 14th of May, between eight and nine o'clock, and left her in the care of my things—I returned at half-past ten o'clock—she was gone, and all this property—they had been in a box, which was not locked—I did not permit her to take any thing to pawn or sell.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not give me the ring and gown to pledge? A. No, in the afternoon you pledged the gown for 1s.—but she fetched it out, and pledged it for 4s.





SARAH STREET
. I live in the station-house. I searched the prisoner when she was brought there—I found the stays and the apron on her—I took them off her.





RICHARD TEBBS
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Turville-street. I have a gown and apron, which were pawned by the prisoner, on the 14th of May.





JAMES TRAIL
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Mr. Stafford's. I have a shawl pawned by the prisoner, on the 14th of May, in the name of Ann Harris, Coppice-row.





THOMAS ELLIS
 (police-sergeant G 7.) I took the prisoner, and produce these stays and apron which were found on her.





ELIZABETH MORRAN
. These are all mine.

Prisoner's Defence. I lived with the prosecutrix—she is a prostitute the same as myself—she asked me to pawn the gown, and we had our tea—she said she should leave me her ring to get the gown out—I went out, and met some company, and pawned it, and spent the money.





ELIZABETH MORRAN
. I did not give her the ring to get the gown out—I was going to be married—I taught her my business, and would have got her work.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
