



1102. 




THOMAS WOODCOCK
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Cutler, about the hour of three in the night of the 
12th of March, at 
Kew, Surrey, with intent to steal, and feloniously and burglariously stealing therein 3 coats, value 2l. 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 16s.; 12 yards of linen cloth, value 15s.; 1 shirt, value 6d.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; and 6 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



Benjamin Cockayne.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the dwelling-house of 



Benjamin Cockayne.






BENJAMIN COCKAYNE
. I am servant to Mr. Cutler, who lives at Kew-green. I saw all my clothes safe about a quarter past six o'clock in the evening of the 12th of March; there were three coats, one waistcoat, twelve yards of linen cloth, one shirt, three handkerchiefs, one pair of gloves, and six sovereigns—I saw them in my box, which was locked, but the key was in it—the box was in my room, over master's stable—I went away at a quarter after six o'clock, and returned at a quarter before seven o'clock—when I left, the outer door of the stable was shut, but not locked—the yard-door was locked—the stable is all enclosed in the same fence as the dwelling-house—it has no communication with the dwelling-house—it is some distance from the house—I saw the prisoner at a quarter past six o'clock that evening—he stood at the stable yard gate, and asked me for work—I told him I had no work for him, but that I would try to get him some—I had known him about a week or ten days—he had a bag in his hand at the time—I could not swear to the bag again—he staid there not more than two minutes, and then went to his master—I went out with my master in his phaeton, and returned about a quarter before seven o'clock—as I was taking the horse from the phaeton, to put it into the stable, the prisoner came to me—he did not assist me—he called as he was going home, and said he had not got any work from his master, but he was to go again to-morrow morning, and he would give him some—he bid me good night—I bid him good night, locked up the yard, and went into my master's house—I found a linen-draper in the house—I bought three silk handkerchiefs of him—I was to give him 13s. for them—I had occasion to go into the stable for the money, and found my money was all gone, and my clothes—I suspected the prisoner directly, and instantly got on a horse and rode to Richmond after him, and from there to Mortlake—I overtook him—I got to his house with the beadle before he did—I saw him about twenty yards from the door, and the instant he saw the beadle in his garden he ran off—I mounted my horse, and rode off to East Sheen, and gave information to the police—some time afterwards the policeman came, and said they had caught him—I went and found him in a shed, all in a perspiration—I saw him searched, and found one coat on his back, three handkerchiefs in his hat, and 3s. in his pocket—I lost some silver—I cannot say how much.


Sixth Session, 1835. 1069

Cross-examined by
MR. MAHON. Q. At what hour did you see him in custody? A. At eleven o'clock—he had the coat on his back—the handkerchiefs were common cotton ones—they had no mark on them—I did not know where he lived—his master told me—I saw him first at a quarter after six o'clock—it was light enough to see his face at that time—the six sovereigns are my own—I am a servant of all work—I had saved the six sovereigns—I was not out more than half an hour with my master—I drove him to a gentleman's house, a very short distance—I looked at my watch when I came back to see what time it was, and it was a quarter to seven o'clock—I saw my money when I went to my box at a quarter past six o'clock—it was loose in the bottom of my box, under my clothes—the coats are two body and a top coat—I have not found the sovereigns.





JOHN PAYNE
. I am a sergeant of the police at Barnes. I was examined before the Magistrate—on the evening of the 12th of March, about a quarter before nine o'clock, I received information from the prosecutor that he had been robbed—he mentioned the prisoner's name—I went with Gomm, the policeman, into Mortlake-meadows; and in a shed in one of the meadows, I found the prisoner in a very great perspiration and agitation, as if just come in—he was almost breathless—I took him into custody, and took him to the station-house at Wandsworth—when I got him there, I took off his back a coat which I now produce—I took one handkerchief from his hat in the shed, and secured his hands at that time—these two handkerchiefs I took from his hat at the station-house—I took from his trowsers pocket 3s., and this rasp was in the lining of the coat he had on, under the coat which I took off.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. I never saw him before—the meadows were no great distance from his house, but he passed his house to get there—it was dark when we found him—we told him we were policemen—he was agitated before I spoke to him—I turned my light into the shed the moment I entered, and his face was all in a very great perspiration—I found no sovereigns on him—I searched him very closely—shoemakers use rasps—this was about nine o'clock, as near as possible—I saw the prosecutor about a quarter past nine o'clock—it was about eleven o'clock when we got to the station-house.





JOSEPH GOMM
. I am a policeman at Wandsworth. I went with sergeant Payne, in search of the prisoner, into the meadows at Mortlake—I had seen the prosecutor before that, and he had informed us of the robbery—we searched through the meadow, and found the prisoner in a shed—Payne went in at one end of the shed, and I at the other—Payne turned on his light, and under the prisoner's feet I saw this coat—I picked it up, and asked the prisoner if it belonged to him—he said it did—I took Payne's lantern, and searched round the shed—in one corner I found this bag, in the hay-crib; and in it was one piece of cloth, one waistcoat, one shirt, one pair of gloves, and one coat, which the Magistrate allowed the prosecutor to take away—I kept the other property in my possession till I got to Wandsworth—I then searched every thing in the bag, to see if there was any money in the coat pockets; and then put every thing into the bag again, tied it up, and gave it to the inspector, Bignall, who locked it up in his cupboard for the night—in the morning he gave me the same things out of the cupboard, I can swear—I saw him unlock it about tea o'clock—I opened the bundle when I took it before the Magistrate, about eleven

o'clock, and I am sure they are the things I delivered to Bignall overnight—they were shown to the prosecutor that night at the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. The shed was an open shed? A. Yes; any one might have gone into it—it was completely dusk—we came suddenly with the lantern upon him—I cannot say whether he had any opportunity of concealing any thing—I observed him as closely as I could—I found no sovereigns—I know the meadows well—there are no footpaths across them—the bag was in a corner of the shed, about seven yards from him—he did not claim the bag—I did not know him before—I did not know he lived at Mortlake—I have received information that he did—I found no money in the coat or bag—this is the coat I found under his feet.





JOHN PAYNE

re-examined. Here is the coat I found on his back.





BENJAMIN COCKAYNE

re-examined. These coats are mine—I wore the one that the prisoner had on, two or three days every week—I wear the other very often—I have had it about nine months—this piece of cloth I swear to—I have had it about three weeks—I have had the shirt some time—I have others of the same sort—I have no particular mark on it, nor on the gloves—I lost such gloves—the coat I have on was in the bag—I know it to be mine—I have worn it a good deal—I have had it about six months.

Prisoner. At the Magistrate's house the prosecutor said if I would give him 6l. he would not appear against me.




GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
