





219. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November
, 1 trunk, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Upcott
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH UPCOTT. I live in High-street, Hoxton


. On the 21st of November this truck was kept by the side of the house - I had seen it there at one o'clock; I went out, and returned about half-past two - it was then gone; I saw it the next morning at No. 4, New-street, Shoe-lane Holborn; I knew it to be mine - I made it; I had seen the prisoner before - he came once to hire a chaise of me.


                  ANN 
                  UPCOTT
               



            . I am the prosecutor's sister. The prisoner came to me on the 24th of November, at two o'clock, to hire the truck; I saw him standing at the door, looking at it - I went and asked him his business; he said he wanted the lightest truck we had got - I told him that was the lightest we had at present; he said if I was sure it was not the lightest he was not in a hurry, and would wait an hour, till I could get him a lighter one - I said the lightest we had was out; I went to the back of the house, found a lighter one, and said I was sure there was not a lighter one than that; he said, "I suppose you want my direction?" I said Yes - he said, "Give me a bit of paper;" he gave me his direction on my brother's card: we let trucks out at 3d. an hour - I saw the truck next morning at No. 4, New-street-hill, Shoe-lane, Holborn, at Mr. Burrows' - he gave me his direction, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Roberts
               



            , at No. 17, Wellington-street, Kingsland-road; it has got rubbed out of the card - he was taken up the day it was found.


                  RICHARD 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am an auctioneer. The prisoner brought a truck to me, on Wednesday, the 21st of November - he said he wished to have it sold; I asked if it belonged to him - he said it belonged to Mr. Upcott, who was just taken to Whitecross-street prison, and wished to have it sold directly, as he was in distressed circumstances - he asked for 10s. on it, which I refused, but at last let him have 5s.; I sold it for 28s., to Mr. Budden.


                  JOHN 
                  BUDDEN
               



            . I live in Shoe-lane. I bought the truck on the 21st, at a sale in Chiswell-street (which is not in the City), for 28s.; Upcott claimed it - it has no name on it now.
JOSEPH UPCOTT. I saw the truck at Budden's, and am certain it is mine; I never gave him authority to sell it - I was not in prison; it is all false.


                  FRANCIS 
                  OAKES
               



            . I am sixteen years old. I went to No. 16, Wellington-street, and inquired for the name of Roberts - he was not there.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not hire it of Mrs. Upcott; I did not know her or Mr. Upcott - I was sent to Phillips with it, and gave him the message which was given me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
