






Before Lord Chief Justice Tewterden.
804. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CHRISTIAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 2 sovereigns, one 20l. and one 5l. Bank-notes, and a 5l. promissory-note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ames
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  AMOS
               



            . I live at Wisbeach, in Cambridgeshire. I came to town on Friday, the 18th of March, and about ten o'clock that evening I met Morris in Bishopsgate-street- I looked very earnestly at her; she came back to me, and after some conversation, took me to a house in Gun-alley


; I was quite a stranger to her - I was not in liquor - I went into a room, and found an old woman, who, I believe, is called Robinson: I sent her for a quartern of gin, and then the prisoner Christian came in, and asked for a light which Morris gave her - we then had another quartern of gin, as the old lady was very much inclined for more, and she fetched it; I paid for it - Morris and I then went into another room on the right-hand side; she then said, "We must have a little more gin:" I gave her half a crown, to fetch half a pint, but I never had any of that gin - she went out, as if to fetch it, and while she was gone I took my notes out of my pocket-book, and put them into my fob, with two sovereigns; there was a 20l. and a 5l. Bank note, and a 5l. Wisbeach note - (none of them have been found;) Morris returned to the room, and laid on the bed a little while - I did not feel her pick my pocket; she called out some name, and Christian came into the room - Morris then jumped up, and ran away; I immediately felt, andmissed my money and notes - I told 
               Christian
             I was robbed, she said, "Not you;" I said "I am of 32l." I went out of the house, and saw another woman at an up stair window - she came down; I told her the same - she went up again, and then an old woman came halfway down the passage, and began had using "Murder! he says he is robbed;" a parcel of Jews and people then came up, and I ran away, but when I got to the top of the passage two of them knocked my hat off, and I ran out of the passage; I saw two respectable women standing at the corner, and asked them the name of the place - they said Sandyhill; I wrote that down, and went to the station in Spitalfields - I was directer there; I returned from there with Pillington - we found Christian that might at a chandler's-shop; she was taken into custody, and next day Waters and I went to the house I was robbed at, and found Morris up stairs.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. You say you were not drunk? A. No; I had breakfasted on the road from Birmingham, and had tea at my aunt's - I had no dinner; I drank nothing on the road - I got to London about two o'clock, and had part of two pints of porter at my cousin's in Houndsdrich; I had no gin before I met them - I went to no gin-shop with them; I drank only two glasses at the house - I know the money was safe when I went on the bed, and directly Morris was gone I missed it; my trousers were not off - they were down, the notes could not have fallen out of my fob - I did not unfold the notes in the room, but I had seen them at Birmingham the day before, and am certain I put the same bundle into my fob in her room - they had before been in a pocket-book in my side pocket; I never said I put them into my great coat - the Policeman took me to a room where there was a woman in bed - he said, "Is this her?" I said I could not tell till she got out of bed, and when she was up I said she was not; I was never in London but twice before - the woman who kept the house was at Worship-street, and asked a few questions; I was about half an hour with the prisoners - Morris had a bonnet on; I remarked her features particularly - I positively swear they are the two- I have not expressed a doubt of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  POLLINGTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went with 
               Amos
             that night, and found Christian in Essex-street, within ten minutes' walk of where he was robbed - she was up; Amos said she was the woman - I desired him to be particular; he looked at her again, and said, "I am positive that is the woman who came in and took the candle, while I was with Morris."
Cross-examined. Q. Did he go to a house to look at another woman? A. Yes - he wished her to dress, and then said she was not the woman.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATERS
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I went next morning with Amos, to a house in Gun-yard, Sandy-hill, Spitalfields - he pointed the house out, and I found Morris on the first floor, with two women; he immediately identified her as the woman who was with him the evening before - I found 18s. on her, and on her feet a new pair of shoes; I asked where she bought them - she took me to the shop, and said she had bought them the day before.
Cross-examined. Q. She knew you was an officer? A. I told her so - she said she changed half a sovereign to pay for the shoes; I know 
               
                  Jane 
                  Wimfrey
               



             - she was shown to the prosecutor before the prisoners were taken; he said she was not the woman.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  STOREY
               



            . I sold 
               Morris
             a pair of shoes on Saturday, the 19th for 3s. 3d. - she paid me a half-sovereign.
Morris. I am innocent.
Christian. I am innocent.


                  SARAH 
                  STBNSER
               



            . My husband keeps the Founder's Arms, Brick-lane. On the evening of the 19th of March Christian came into my house at half-past nine o'clock, and remained till half-past eleven - I am sure of that; I have known her ever since we have kept the house.
COURT. Q. Was she at your house on Thursday? A. I really cannot call to mind; nor whether she was there on the Wednesday.


                  HENRY 
                  STENSER
               



            . I kept his public-house at the time in Question. On Friday night (I think it was the 18th of March.) I saw Christian - she came to my house at half-past nine o'clock, and did not go out till half-past eleven; I held the door open for her to go out and my wife stood at the side of the door - I did not attend at Worship-street, but my wife did.
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
CHRISTIAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
