




127. 




VINCENT WESTWOOD
 and 



GEORGE BUMBIE
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering a certain building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



John Ely, on the 
28th of November, at 
Friern Barnet, and stealing therein 4 fowls, price 8s., his property.






JOHN ELY
. I live at the Griffin, at Whetstone, in the parish of Friern Barnet, it is nine and a half miles from the Bank. This occurred on the 28th of November, or early in the morning of the 29th—I keep fowls in a hen-roost in a coal-house—it is attached to my kitchen within my yard—it is fenced round by stables and one door, but has no communication with my dwelling internally—on the morning of the 29th my servant came and rapped at my door, and said the fowls were stolen—I got up, went down, and found the hen-house door open—it had been fastened with two locks—I missed four fowls—I knew the prisoners—they lived close to my premises and knew the premises well—I saw the fowls again on Monday evening, the 29th—I can swear the fowls were mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did they know your premises? A. Yes—Westwood knew them particularly—the other prisoner I have nothing to prefer against.





JOHN JEWETT
. I am in the prosecutor's service. I had the care of the fowls—I locked them up at half-past seven o'clock on the night of the 28th—they were all in then—I went the next morning at half-past five o'clock—I opened the back door and saw the hen-house open—I went and fetched a light, and there were four fowls gone and the two hens left—I know them well—these are my master's property—(looking at them.)





THOMAS BLACKBROW
. I live in that neighbourhood. On the morning of the 29th I found some feathers near a field—I have shown them to Mr. Ely—they came off his fowls.





THOMAS AUSTIN
. I am a policeman. On Wednesday morning I came up here on a trial—in coming through Holloway I saw the

prisoners, and found the fowls on Westwood's shoulder, it was about half-past eight o'clock on the morning of the 29th.

Cross-examined. Q. He was carrying them? A. Yes, in a basket—I asked what he had got—he refused to let me see, but I would—this was just coming into Holloway, opposite the Crown, about six miles from the prosecutor's.

Westwood's Defence. On Wednesday morning I got up about six o'clock—in coming along I picked up this basket, and overtook Bumbie, who walked with me till I came to Holloway, where I was apprehended—he knew nothing about it.

WESTWOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

BUMBIE—


NOT GUILTY
.
