



1828. 




JOHN BROWN, alias
 Speechley

, was indicted

, for that he, on the 
21st of July, upon 



James Gale, senior, unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously, did make an assault; and that he a certain pistol, loaded with gunpowder and a leaden bullet, unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously, did shoot off and discharge at and against him, with intent to kill and murder him.-2nd COUNT, to maim and disable.-3rd COUNT, with intent to do some grievous bodily harm.-4th COUNT, that he, being armed with two pistols, in and upon the said James Gale, senior, feloniously did make an assault, with a felonious intent to rob him, and his monies from his person, against his will, violently and feloniously to steal.



MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES GALE
, senior. I am a lieutenant in the Militia, on half-pay, and live in Norland-place, near Nottinghill, Kensington. On Saturday, the 21st of July, I went out to take a walk with two of my children, a little girl rather more than nine, and a boy rather more than ten-as I returned, I came down a lane at the back of Lord Holland's park—on coming to a turning leading into Camden-road, I saw a man sitting on a basket—he could look down the lane, and see into the Camden-road—after passing him, I got to a bend in the lane, some distance further up—I was conversing with the little girl on my right, and on raising my head, I first saw the prisoner close to me, standing with his face to me-his hands were apparently down—I did not notice any thing in his hand at the moment—the moment he discovered that I saw him, he placed himself before me, and said, "Your money, sir"—he had two pistols, one in each hand—I was fearful, if he fired, he might kill the children, and said, "Money! no, indeed!"—I pushed the children away on one side, and sprang forward and tried to disarm him-and he fired the pistol in his left hand-as I sprang at him I felt the ball strike me a tremendous blow, and felt I was wounded before I reached his right hand, and grasped the other pistol—I was wounded in the upper part of the right thigh—I still went towards him, and succeeded in getting the other pistol from his right hand—I presented it at his head, and then he tore from me—we had rather a sharp struggle, and on my putting the pistol to his head, he ran away directly towards where the man was sitting—I called out, "Stop him"—the man took up his basket, and ran away in the same direction as the prisoner did—I saw the prisoner in custody in about ten minutes after, and identified him immediately—I am certain it was him—I attempted to discharge the pistol I took from him as he was running off, but it missed fire—I afterwards looked at the part of my dress where the ball struck, and found my trowsers were cut—I had sovereigns in one pocket of my purse, and silver in the other—my pocket was cut at the part where the ball was received, and the money protruded—my purse was cut, and a bruise caused by the blow, a very severe one—I was present when the prisoner was searched, and saw taken from him some bullets, two charges of powder, and some powder in a phial, some pawnbroker's duplicates, and a bludgeon from his right-hand pocket—he was a perfect stranger to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you quite sure the prisoner did this? A. I have not the slightest doubt of it.





JOHN KAY
. I am gardener to the Duke of Bedford. I was in the garden when this occurred—there is a gate in the garden leading into the lane—I heard somebody run past—I opened the gate, and saw a person running down the lane—I pursued him, and when he was stopped, I saw a pistol in his right-hand—I tried to take it from him, but did not succeed—he put it in his right-hand pocket—I then secured him with the pistol in

his pocket—the under-gardener came to my assistance shortly after, and when the pistol was taken from his pocket it was unloaded—I cannot say whether it had been recently discharged—I saw the prosecutor in the course of five or six minutes, and he identified him as the man—it was the prisoner.





ROBERT WHITE
. I am a policeman. I was called to take the prisoner into custody—I found him in the station-house, with the prosecutor and last witness—I searched him-a pistol was given me by each witness—the one given me by the gardener appeared to have been recently fired—Mr. Gale gave me the other, which is loaded now, and the bullet is in it—I took this bludgeon out of the prisoner's coat pocket—he said he had been shooting at pigeons—I have the powder and other things.

MR. PHILLIPS
called






LUKE OWEN
. I keep the Cleveland Arms, Montague-street, Portman-square, The prisoner was in my employ for five weeks, since his return from Spain, and immediately before this transaction—he is occasionally in the habit of taking drink, and then he is very flighty—he is not so at all times—I thought him a little flighty, and so did my customers-when perfectly sober he bore a particularly good character.





RICHARD MARTIN
. I am beadle of Kensington parish. I have known the prisoner six or seven years—I never knew anything against his character before—I have known his family living in the parish some years ago-his father I removed from Hoxton madhouse, as a lunatic, in 1836—he remained in the asylum a year and a half.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Life.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner for a similar offence.)

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
