



2455. 




JAMES SHANLEY
 was indicted

for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



John Cardingne, on the 
11th of September, and stabbing and wounding him upon his right eyebrow, with intent to main and disable him.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. HEATON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CARDINGNE
. I live in Brick-lane, Whitechapel. I have been a carpenter, but am occasionally employed as a broker's man—I am often employed by Mr. Wearing—on the 11th of September I was employed by him to go to No. 2, Great Arthur-street, Golden-lane, St. Luke's, to remove some goods which had been distrained-Wearing and Wooding were with me-we got there between five and six o'clock—Wooding knocked at the door—the man in possession opened it, and we all three went in—I saw the prisoner sitting on a chair—he said, "You are come, are you?"—he said, "The first that touches the things, I will run a knife into him"—I stepped forward, and so did Mr. Wearing—we all three stepped forward, and I was the first—I said to him, "You had better not do such a thing as that "—I was persuading him, and said "Don't put yourself in a passion"—he jumped up off the chair immediately—there was a clasp-knife lying open on the table, close to hit hand—he laid hold of it, and struck me immediately over the eyebrow—It penetrated, and I fell against the wainscoting—It was a very violent blow—I could not move—I lost above a pint of blood in less than five minute—I saw the blood about the place—I was taken to Mr. Leeson, the surgeon, in about half an hour—my handkerchief and apron were put to stop the blood before I went there—It bled all night long, after I went home—the surgeon washed my face with some warm water, and dressed the wound—I have been in great pain in my head, just on my eyebrow, ever since—I can see with my eye, but it is inflamed very much still—I do not believe the prisoner was under the influence of liquor.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Was that the only room occupied by the prisoner? A. I believe it was-Wearing spoke first when we went in—I cannot tell what he said—I might have heard it—It was very few words—I cannot tell what answer the prisoner made—I did not see a bed in the room—there was a recess for a bedstead to go in-we had not time to touch the goods-neither of us began to meddle with the goods—I saw a bedstead without any clothes—that I swear—I cannot say whether there was any body on it—It was in a dark place—I saw nobody in the room but us three and the prisoner—the prisoner was sitting by the fire-place—the table was not between us—the other two were close by me, not in front of me-Wooding went in first-we went in close together—I saw no child on the bed—I had not been in the room two minutes before my eyebrow was cut—I do not know Mrs. Hook—(looking at her)—I never saw her before—I never said to her, "The boy on the bedstead struck me twice in the eye," nor any thing of the sort—she did not offer to get me any assistance—a policeman came in, and assisted me—It was a clasp-knife, about four

inches long, with a sharp point—I saw it on the table-Wearing did not say,"his is what he struck you with," and show me part of the bedstead top.

MR. H EATON. Q. How much of the bedstead could you see? A. I could see part of it up, and part of it lying about the room—I did not see any one on it—I never said that any one on the bedstead struck me in EDWARD BIRD WEARING. I am a broker, and live in Ward's-row, the eye.
Bethnal Green-road. I made a distress on the prisoner's premises about eleven or twelve o'clock on this morning—the prisoner was not there then—I left Barton in possession, and went again about five o'clock in the afternoon with Cardingne and Wooding, for the purpose of arranging the matter without seizing, but when I went in, the prisoner got up from his chair, and said, "Oh, you are come," and I think he said he would job my eye out if I offered to take a thing—I am not sure that was the expression, but I am sure he said something about the eye—he had a knife in his hand—that prosecutor said, "You must not do that," and the moment he said that the prisoner turned round, and said, "I will give it to you"—he immediateiy said, "I will serve one of you out then," and struck Cardingne on the side of the eye with the knife which had been lying on the cable—(I had shown him our authority—the table was close to him, and I saw the knife on it)—the wound bled very much—the prisoner kept wearing, and said be wished he had done for one of us—he was very violent—I went out directly and got two policemen, who took him into custody, or I think there would have been murder-his wife was in the room at the time the blow was struck—she was very violent all the time, and kept hagging him on to serve us out.

Cross-examined. Q. Who spoke first when you went in? A. He did—he jumped up, and said, "Oh you have come, have you"—I said, "Yet, we are come to arrange this matter if we can," but he would not hear anything—he said he would job out the eye of the first person that touched anything, and he said the first person that touched the goods he would run a knife into—he might have said that first, but I cannot say, for the woman made such a noise—he said many things—he also said he would do for one of us—he was very violent—he got up when we went in, and came forward, but did not come right up to me at once—there was a bed and bedstead in the room—the amount of the rent due was 11s. 6d.—there were two old bedsteads in the room, and some bed clothes on the floor—I had taken them down, and was going to throw them out of the window—the man had got the bedstead down before I got there I saw the bedstead distinctly as soon as I went into the room—I do not know that every one in the room could see it, for there was a kind of projection before it—the bedstead was part of the things distrained—It was a little stump bedstead, which takes all to pieces—there was a top to it—the rails were down—there were no tables or chairs—the bedsteads were worth about 4s. each—I will swear there was no child in the bed.

MR. HEATON. Q. Before he struck the prosecutor, had he struck him? A. Not at all—he had not done or said anything to provoke him.





JAMES WOODING
. I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Ward's-row, Bethnal Green-road. On the 11th of September I went with Cardingne and Wearing to the prisoner's house, about five o'clock in the afternoon—

when we went in the prisoner was sitting in a chair, and said, "You are come, are you? I will job out the eye of the first man that dares take any of my things away"—the prisoner took up a knife from the table, and made a thrust with it—I rather expect it was intended for Wearing, but it caught Cardingne—Cardingne had said to him, "You must not do that"—I took up a piece of wood, and knocked the knife out of the prisoner's hand—It was a clasp knife—the handle was about four inches or four inches and a half long—I did not see the blade distinctly—I cut Cardingne on the top of the eye—he bled most tremendously—he moved, and leand against the wainscot to support himself-a policeman was sent for.

Cross-examined. Q. What things were in the room? A. Some chairs and a deal table—the prisoner was the first that spoke, I believe, when we went in—he said, "What, you are come, are you?" and he said he would job out the eye of the first man that moved any thing of his—I cannot say whether he said he would run a knife into the first person—he said a great deal—I did not look for the knife—I was afraid to stop, in case I should be struck with something myself—I believe the prisoner's wife made away with the knife-some bed-clothes laid down by the side of the bed—there was a boy in the room, eleven or twelve years old—I never saw him on the bed—he had not a bit of bedstead rail in his hand—I will swear that positively.

MR. HEATON. Q. Had the prosecutor struck or attempted to strike the prisoner, or done any thing to provoke these blows from him? A. He had not.

COURT. Q. What makes you think that the thrust was meant for Wearing? A. By his stating that he knew him well, and it seemed to be aimed rather in the direction of Wearing-Wearing was close by Cardingne—the prisoner said repeatedly he would die for one, he did not care which—that was while Wearing was gone for the police—I only suppose the blow was not meant for Cardingne, by its coming in that direction—Wearing was rather nearer to the prisoner than Cardingne—the blow was struck immediately on Cardingne saying that.





JOHN CARDINGNE

re-examined. I cannot say whether the prisoner struck at me or at Wearing, but he struck me.

E. B. WEARING
re-examined, I think the blow was intended for me, because he knew me.





SOLOMON HANNAN
. I am a policeman. I was fetched by Mr. Wearing—when I got to the house I saw Cardingne and the prisoner—he was making use of violent language—he was given into my custody for stabbing the prosecutor in the eye—on the way to the station-house he said he did not stab the man, or that he did not stab him in the eye—the prosecutor was bleeding very much from the right eyebrow.

Cross-examined. Q. He was very much excited, was he not? A. Yes.





JOHN LEESON
. I am a surgeon of the police, and live in Chigwell-street. On the 11th of July I was sent for to the station-house, but being engaged, my assistant went—I examined the prosecutor the following morning, and found a wound on the right eyebrow, which appeared to have been inflicted with a sharp instrument-if it had been half an inch lower his sight would have been lost—the bone was not injured.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there not a mark of a contusion round the incision? A. No, it was not a contused wound, it was an incised wound—there was not time for any contusion to have gone off—I should hardly

think a pint of blood could have been lost from the wound, but there might be a great deal.

MR. HEATON. Q. Could it have been done by a blunt instrument? A. It did not appear so—if it was a contused wound there would have been the appearance of contusion for some days after.

MR. HORRY called





SARAH HOOK
. My husband is an awl-blade maker, and lives in Great Arthur-street—we have lived there twenty-four years—I did not attend before the Magistrate, in this case I was too late—I never saw the prosecutor till the day in question, when the prisoner's wife opened her window and called for assistance—I went directly to see what was the matter, and saw the prosecutor—the blood was running from his temple—he took up his handkerchief to wipe it off—I said to him, "How was this done, and who did it?"—he said, "The boy that was lying on the bed took up a stick, (or I believe it was a bit of the railing which goes across the tent-bedstead,) and he has hit me with it"—the boy was sitting on a chair when I went up—I said to him, Have you done this?"—he said, "Yes, I have"—the policemen came in, and the prosecutor spoke to them—I heard him saying something about some instrument which had been used, and when I heard him telling a false hood, I went up to him, and said, "What did you say to me just row?"—he said, "I said nothing to you whatever, you are a very false woman"—I mentioned to the policeman what he had said—the policeman to me, "Did you see the blow struck"—I said, "No, I saw nothing, I only know what he stated to me."

MR. HEATON. Q. Are you well acquainted with the prisoner and his wife? A. I keep a shop in the general line, and they are customers of mine—Wooding was present when the prosecutor told me this, and Wearing also—but they did not hear it—I dare say they were two or three yards from the prosecutor at the time he told me—I was very near Wearing—the room is very small—he spoke so that I could hear him—I do not know that the others could hear him—they were occupied with the prisoner respecting his money—they might have heard it—I cannot say—I heard it—my hearing is very good—the two brokers went out while I was chastising the boy for doing it—I do not mean beating him, but asking him how he came to do such a thing, and the two policemen came in—Hannan is one of them—I told him what the prosecutor had said to me, and both the brokers were present at the time—the boy was sitting on a chair at the time, by the side of his father—I believe he is about thirteen or fourteen years old—the prisoner's wife and son do not lodge with me, nor are they going to do so.

MR. HORRY. Q. When you went to the Magistrate did any body fetch you there? A. No—I went, thinking to do them a kindness, but the case had been heard.





SOLOMON HANNAN

re-examined. Q. You have heard what that woman has said, is it true or false? A. I did not hear the prosecutor tell her she is a false woman, nor did I hear her say he was a false man—she told me that he had told her the boy did it—the prosecutor said the prisoner did it with a knife, and that was what he stated to me in the first instance.

MR. HORRY. Q. If he said, "You are a false woman," you were not in a situation to hear it? A. Yes, I must have heard it.

E. B. WEARING
re-examined. The prosecutor never told that woman,

in my presence that a boy did it with a stick—he could not have told her so without my hearing it because we were all close together.

MR. HORRY. Q. You saw her there? A. I saw her just at the door—I do not think she was inside the place—Cardingne did not say any thing to her—I do not believe he saw her, for he was bleeding.





JAMES WOODING

re-examined. Cardingne did not tell that woman in my hearing that a boy did it with a stick—I could not have been of hearing it if he had said so.

COURT. Q. Did the boy use a stick at all? A. No, I did not see him with a stick—he could not have struck a blow without my seeing it.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

