



1602. 




WILLIAM MENDS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of June, 13 handkerchiefs, value 2l. 15s., and 1 pair of gloves, value 2s.; the goods of 



Frederick Hopkins, his master.






FREDERICK HOPKINS
. I am a linen-draper, and live at No. 219, Borough. The prisoner had been my porter for above 18 months—having occasion to suspect him, I desired him, on the 11th of June, to bring down his box—he made no reply, but brought down his box from where it was kept, on the third floor, to my sitting-room, which is on the first door—he opened it, and I found in it six pairs of stockings, which I considered to be my property, and one silk handkerchief with a character on it which I use in my business, and which was put on by one of the witnesses—a bag was afterwards found on the landing even with my sitting-room, which contained twelve silk handkerchiefs and some other articles, which I believe to be mine; but five hours had elapsed between my finding this property in the bag, and the prisoner had been in custody. I had not seen the bag there before, and there was no dust upon it—it did not appear to have laid there long.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. I believe the prisoner was quitting your service? A. Yes—he made some demur at my stopping part of his wages for breaking some glass, which I considered was done carelessly—I found his hat near this bag, with this pair of gloves in it—this gownpiece and twelve handkerchiefs were found in the bag—they have my mark on them—I know they are mine—they had been in my shop the night previous—this black silk handkerchief I do not swear to myself.





FREDERICK POWELL
. I live with Mr. Hopkins. I know this blue bag—it belonged to the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it? A. By seeing him use it, and no one else—it is linen, and has a red cord to it, which is rather peculiar—I had not seen the prisoner use it that morning.





JOSEPH NEW
. I am shopman to the prosecutor. I know this black silk handkerchief—it has my mark on it—I generally buy these things myself.

Cross-examined. Q. It appears to have been worn? A. Yes; but the mark is not worn out—every black silk handkerchief that is sold has not this mark on it—I generally mark the outside one of the piece—I cannot swear that this has not been sold, but the prisoner had not bought it.

Prisoner's Defence. The things that were in my box were mine before I was in his employ—I expected persons here to prove it.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
