



1976. 




JOHN SEGROINE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of August, 1 bag, value 1d.; 10 sovereigns; 3 half-sovereigns; and 3 shillings; the goods and monies of 




John Anderson, from his person.






JOHN ANDERSON
. I am a sailor. I came to town on the 1st of August, and went to lodge at John Smith's, who keeps a lodging-house—I stopped in the house five days, till I lost my money—I went there two days after I came from on board the ship—I had ten sovereigns, three half-sovereings, and three shillings—the prisoner was in the house—I had never seen him before—he asked me if I could lend him a couple of shillings, as he had lost a ship—I said I would look by and by, and see if I could give him a dinner—as soon as I had my dinner I went to sleep—I had my money safe in my waistcoat pocket—when I awoke it was gone, and the prisoner was gone out of the house—when I went to sleep the prisoner and Mr. Smith were in the room—the money was taken out of my pocket while I was asleep.





JOHN SMITH
. I keep a lodging-house in Ratcliffe-highway. The pro secutor lodged with me—I went with him up into the City, to be paid—the captain paid him—he drank rather freely with his shipmates, and I took him home in a cab—the prisoner had been introduced into the house by two

other lodgers—he stated that he had been shipwrecked, and he had no clothes but what he stood in—he saw the prosecutor with money, and asked him if he could help him to a trifle—he said he would see by and by, and then the prosecutor asked me to give the man some dinner, and he would pay—I said yes—during the dinner he stated all the circumstances of the ship wreck—I knew the vessel and the owner—after this he asked me if I could take him for two or three days, till he could get a ship—I said yes; and I dare say I could get him a ship—directly after dinner was done, the prosecutor took his money out, and asked me what he owed me, and paid me 1l. 3s.—my wife got change for a half-sovereign for him—I gave him the 7s. back—the prisoner had an opportunity of seeing the money then—I then went out on some business, leaving the prisoner and the prosecutor and my wife in the parlour—I was gone half an hour—when I came back the prisoner and another were just coming out of the front room—the prisoner said he was going out in a hurry to meet a man at the Swedish Flag—I said, "You said you were not to be there till five o'clock"—he said, "I shall go, as I don't like to keep the man waiting"—just as he was going, one of the men who brought him there was coming down stairs, and he said to him, in their country tongue, "Go and call the other, "who was up stairs; and while he went, the prisoner went off—in an hour or two after, the prosecutor missed his money—I did not see the prisoner again that day, but the next morning I saw him on board the ship of a captain who had given him a passage from Lynn—he was dressed in tidy clothes, new shoes, and hat, and drawers—I brought him on shore; and as I was leading him up, I heard something rattle—I said, "What is that?"—he said nothing—I walked on further, and heard something rattle again—I put my hand to his leg, and found a bag with a half-sovereign and two sixpences in it.





ROBERT SHAWL. I
 am mate of a vessel. The prisoner came on board from Lynn—he had an old jacket and old trowsers—he asked the master two or three times to bring him up, and he gave him his passage—he said he had been wrecked off Dunkirk, on the Flemish banks—he seemed in distress, and was on board a week—he came on board on Wednesday, and went on shore the same night—he then came on board one morning, dressed as he is now, very smart, and said that the owner of the vessel which had been wrecked had given him 7l. to redeem his clothes—he told me he was a Dane, and that his name was John Williams.





WILLIAM SHEEN
 (police-constable H 117.) I was called to take the prisoner, and he gave me this box, which contains a half-sovereign and two sixpences—the bag has not been found.

Prisoner. Two sailors took me to the house—I had money before I got there—they were two sailors I met before in Finland.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
