





2282. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAYES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, 1 watch, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Everard
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  EVERARD
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Everard - we keep a butcher's shop
 in Waterloo-terrace, Commercial-road


.' On the morning of the 27th of September the prisoner came in with another lad - the other asked if I had any beef-steaks which would come cheap; I told him, Yes, and I went to the yard to get the meat - while I was gone the prisoner went into my parlour; I saw him coming from the parlour door as I returned - I asked what he had been doing there; he said, Nothing - I asked what he went there for, and he said to pick up a halfpenny; the other boy then asked for half a pound of steak, which I cut, and told him it came to 31/2d. - he looked at his money, and asked if I could let him have a bit more fat for another penny; I went near the parlour door, to cut it, and missed the watch from the parlour mantel-piece - I had seen it safe when I went into the yard; I went up to the boy
s, and said, "One of you has got my watch;" the other said, "I have not;" the prisoner then tried to pass me - I seized him, and said, "You have got it;" he said he had not - we struggled, and got into the street; he got from me - he was brought back soon afterwards, with the watch.


                  RICHARD 
                  RODDENBURY
               



            . I am a porter, and live in Waterloo-terrace. I heard a noise in the street, and saw the prisoner running - I took him; he had this watch, and dropped it on the pavement - I took him to the prosecutrix's, and gave her the watch, which she gave to the officer.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SARD
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
