







1500. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GLOVER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ALFRED 
                     BOWERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JOWETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 15 yards of woollen cloth, value 10l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Carter
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  STONE
               



             (Police-constable C 99.). On the 6th of June, at half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, I was in Oxford-street


, near Mr. Carter's shop - I passed the three prisoners in company; they turned, and followed me on to Dean-street - they then turned back, and looked to see if I was following them; I crossed between the coaches, and went into a shop - I saw Jowett go and take this cloth from the prosecutor's shop; the other two were close to him at the time he took it - I crossed, and took him with it; they knew me, though I was not in my uniform, and I knew two of them - Bowers escaped, but was taken a week afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  KENT
               



             (Police-constable C 175). I was with Stone, and saw the three prisoners together; Bowers saw us, and watched us - we went into a shop, and saw Jowett take the cloth; we went after them - Jowett dropped the cloth, and was taken.


                  CHARLES 
                  CARTER
               



            . This is my cloth; it is worth 11l. 16s. 3d.
Glover's Defence. I was in Oxford-street, and stopped to see some illumination-lamps; I then turned back to go to Chapel-street - the officer seized me; I was alarmed, and run.
Bower's Defence. I never saw these two prisoners before.
Jowett pleaded poverty.
GLOVER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
BOWERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
JOWETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
