



2146. 




JAMES COOKE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of October 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Thomas Nelson Faulkner, from his person.






THOMAS NELSON FAULKNER
. On the 5th of October I went to the

English Opera-house—I was at the entrance of the pit door, waiting till the doors were opened—I observed the prisoner behind me at one time—I had a handkerchief on my person—I missed it when I got into the pit—this is it—when I came out, the officer had given notice that if any person had lost a handkerchief, to apply to him, which I did—he produced some, and I identified this—it has my initials on it.

Prisoner. Q. You did not observe me take the handkerchief? Witness. No, I saw you behind me at one time.





JOHN THOMAS SHAW
. I am a constable. I was on duty at the stop door—I saw the prisoner just inside the door, and thought it necessary to have him taken—I searched him, and found a pocket-handkerchief in his coat-pocket, and a pocket-book and 6 1/2d.—I then unbuttoned his flap, and found four handkerchiefs—this is one—I charged him with stealing them—he said I had made a mistake, it was all wrong—I said I must take him into custody—he said, "Very well, you cannot hang me"—I had seen him with this stick, which he was holding up to his mouth, and then for a minute or two I missed it—it has a wire to it, and will take a handkerchief out of a pocket like a cork-screw.

Prisoner. I said no such thing—he came up to me, and said, "What do you do there?"—I said, "Waiting for a friend who promised to take me into the theatre"—I said I had lost my friend—I came that day from Fulham, with some thing for a brother, for washing—I was looking after a situation, and met a young man—we got drinking, and played at skittles—that stick I picked up in Myddleton-square—he told me to mind these things for him—I was intoxicated at the time—I am a cheese-monger, and lived with Mr. Crupley and Mr. Garrett.

J.T. SHAW. I made inquiry, and the person he lived with, gave him a good character, but he has left him nine months.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for seven years.
