




1950. 




GEORGE ARTHUR
 and 




EDWARD DUNN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
2nd of August, 6lbs. weight of sugar, value 30s. the goods of 



John Graham, the master of Arthur; and that Dunn had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN GRAHAM
. I live in Gardener's-lane, Upper Thames-street, and am a carman. The prisoner Arthur was employed by me nearly two years, as a carman—on the 2nd of August I sent him to the Docks with a warrant to get a hogshead of sugar to deliver to Mr. Currie, in Munster-street, and two others for two other persons—I have not seen the sugar since—the hogshead that was for Mr. Currie ought to have been twelve cwt. gross, according to the Dock note.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You never saw the sugar? A. No-Arthur had been in my service nearly two years—I had a good character with him.





GEORGE SHORTER
. I live in Aldersgate-street, and am a carrier to Mr. Parry—on the 2nd of August I had my cart in the New-road, near Munster-street—the prisoner Dunn came and asked me if I would take a bag for him—I saw Mr. Graham's wagon at the corner of Munster-street, and Arthur was standing by it—they had a woollen cloth over the wagon-Arthur got upon the wheel and helped Dunn to undo the cloth—then Dunn got into the wagon, got out a bag, and brought it to my cart—it was full, and seemed to contain about one cwt.-as soon as Dunn brought it to me, I saw the contents, and told him I would have nothing to do with it—I did not see the cask undone—the name of John Graham was on the wagon.

Cross-examined. Q. How near were you to the bag? A. It was brought to the side of my cart—I know there was sugar in it, became I saw it through two or three holes in it—he threw it off his shoulder, and as much as half a cupful of the sugar fell out upon the pavement—it was a lightish moist sugar—this was about half-past six o'clock—I had to go down Munster-street, and as I came back I saw the wagon at Mr. Currie's door—I went and told him.

Dunn. Q. Did you not say you would give me a lift; then you said you were going to some other place? A. No; I said I would have nothing to do with it.





ARCHIBALD CURRIE
. I am a grocer, and live in Munster-street. Arthur brought me a hogshead of sugar—I received information, asked Arthur if the hogshead was all right—he said, "Yes; as I received it"—I said I was not satisfied, and I went to the door and brought in the witness Shorter—I said to him, "What did you tell me?"—he then repeated his statement, and I said to Arthur, "What was in the bag?"—he said "Chaff"—I looked at the bung-hole of the hogshead, and said the tin was undone-Arthur said, "I do not know any thing about it"—he wanted me to send it back to have it weighed again—I weighed it the next morning, and it was 61lbs. deficient.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not Arthur tell you he did not know what was in the bag? A. Yes; he said he was carrying it for a man he met

in Tottenham-court-road, and he did not know what had become of that man—he said he did not know any thing about the bag—that some man asked him to take it to Paddington—I took the hogshead into my premises that evening, and weighed it the next morning between nine and eleven o'clock-none of the sugar had been taken out in the meantime-Arthur offered to take it back, and I would not allow it—it stood that night in my shop, where I have room for about three hogsheads—it was fine sugar—I took the head off that evening, but I did not take out part of the sugar—I can undertake to say that it was in the same state in the morning as when I received it.





MATTHEW WATKINS
. I am delivery-foreman at the London Docks. I delivered three hogsheads of sugar to Arthur on the 2nd of August—I gave this Dock note to the carman—(looking at it.)

MR. CURRIE. This is the Dock note given to me by Arthur—I produce it—the sugar weighed 61lbs. short of 12cwt.





MATTHEW WATKINS
. Cross-examined. Q. Did you weigh this sugar I did not, but I stood opposite and saw the weight, and booked it—I delivered the three hogsheads—they did not all weigh alike—I cannot tell without looking at the note what the other two hogsheads weighed, but this one was No. 13, and it weighed 12cwt.

Dunn's Defence. I am a labouring man, and work on the wharfs—I went to the water-side to look for a job, but I did not succeed, and in the evening, as I was near Blackfriars-bridge, a man came up with a load of goods—he asked me if I wanted a job—I said "Yes"—he went on to Tottenham-court-road, and when I got there I missed the man and the wagon-a man came up to me in a white jacket, and said, "Are you a cab-man?"—I said "No"—he said, "I have a quantity of mixed victuals, will you buy it?"—I said I did not want it, but I bought it of him for a shilling—I then went on, and met Arthur—I asked him to give me a lift, which he did, and when we got to the New-road, I saw Shorter and asked him to give me a lift, which he said he would, but when I went to take the bag to him he would not—I then went home.





JAMES CUTHBERT
. I am an officer. I produce a certificate of Dunn's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the man.
(William Seaward, a master carman, living on Dowgate-hill; Ann Huckle, of Wood-street, St. Thomas the Apostle; and William Needle, a master carman, of Fenchurch-street; gave the prisoner Arthur a good character.)

ARTHUR—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DUNN—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
