





1079. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DRISCOL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March
, 1 table-spoon, value 8s., and 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Duncan
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  PENELOPE 
                  DUNCAN
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Duncan- we live in Shakespeare's-walk, Shadwell


 - the prisoner was in our service about five weeks, but did not sleep in the house, as she was in want of clothing. On the 17th of March, in consequence of suspicion, I told my son to watch her when she went home, and on Sunday morning, the 18th, I missed a table-spoon and handkerchief, which were safe at two o'clock the day before - I kept it quiet, and on Monday morning, went to Austin's, the pawnbroker's, and found my table-spoon; I did not send her to pawn it- I lost six handkerchiefs.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Austin. The prisoner pawned this table-spoon, between nine and ten o'clock at night, on the 17th of March, for 5s. in Mrs. Duncan's name - I saw her in custody on the 19th, and was quite certain of her.


                  HENRY 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Kennedy, pawnbroker, of Shadwell. I have a handkerchief pawned on the 29th of February, for 2s., in the name of Ann Driscol, by the prisoner.
Prisoner. She has lodgers who might take them.


                  PENELOPE 
                  DUNCAN
               



            . An old lady and her husband lodge in the house. I have known them forty years; it is an old fashioned house, and is divided - no other lodgers go up my stairs.
Prisoner. She suspected Mrs. Wood. Witness. I did so, because the prisoner told me Wood was taking my coals.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  HENRY 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner in charge, and asked her at the station-house what she had done with the duplicates; she said she had not got the duplicates, but she took the spoon.
Prisoner. I did not say I took it; my mistress said if I would confess it, she would let me free - I said, I could not own to a thing I did not take. Witness. I am sure she did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
