





2163. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GERRARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, 12 printed bound books, value 12l., the goods of 
                     
                        Stephen Winkworth 
                        Silver
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EMPERER
               



            . I am an upholder. I was repairing the house of Stephen Winkworth Silver, in Circus-street, St. John's-road


 - the prisoner was employed there as a journeyman painter
; this happened between the 9th and 16th of April - he left abruptly; I discovered that the bookcase had been broken open, and twelve volumes of the Encyclopoedia stolen - he had access to that room; I know they had been there, as I assisted in putting them in.


                  JOHN 
                  CROUCH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in Grafton-street, Tottenham-court-road. A man, very much resembling the prisoner, brought six volumes of the Encyclopoed in to pawn - I believe him to be the man; he said he brought them for a gentleman named Brown - I detained them, and sent him to fetch Brown; he never returned.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HALL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Butler, a pawnbroker, of Battle-bridge. The prisoner pawned five volumes of the Encyclopoedia in April last - I gave them to the officer; I am certain he is the man.


                  DAVID 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, of Brewer-street, Somers'-town. I took in one volume of the Encyclopoedia - I believe it was the prisoner who pawned it.


                  JOHN 
                  CULLEN
               



            . I am a Policeman, I had information of this robbery in May last, and have been in search of the prisoner ever since - on the 18th, between twelve and one o'clock, I went to No. 16, Suffolk-street, and knocked at the door; the prisoner opened it - he instantly shut the door, and escaped backwards, leaving his hat in the yard; I afterwards heard he was at work in the Borough- I went there; they denied him - I waited till the workmen came out; he was among them - I took him; he said he knew nothing of the robbery - I said, "You worked at Mr. Silver's;" he said, "I believe I did;" I said,"Your wife knows something about them;" he asked me where I got my information, and he said he was sure she knew nothing of it, for she did not know what the charge was.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 20s. only
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
