






1363. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 1 stock and bit, value 8s.; 1 saw, value 5s.; 1 screw-driver, value 2s.; 2 files, value 6d., and 1 saw set, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Davies
                        



                     
                  ; 1 carpenter's plough and iron, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Shaw
                     



                  , and 2 saws, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Bressenden
               



            .
THOMAS DAVIES. I am a carpenter
. I lost some tools from Queen-street, Grosvenor-square


, from my workshop, on the 5th of June, between twelve and one o'clock, while I was gone to dinner; I had not left any one in the place - the shop was locked; when we went back we found a door, which had been nailed up some time, had been opened - I missed my tools from there; I found the duplicates of most of my property on the person of Clark - the other prisoner just parted with him as I came up, but he joined him again shortly after; I took Clark about half-past two o'clock that day.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you ask Clark how he came possessed of the property? A. Yes, he said it belonged to a friend of his who would be there in a few minutes - he pointed out Jones; he did not say then that Jones had received them of another person, but he did before the Magistrate.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a Police-constable. About half-past two o'clock, on Wednesday afternoon, I was going along Long-acre; the prosecutor called me to take Jones - Jones said it was Mr. Davis' property; I took the two prisoners to the watch-house, and in Jones' hat I found the duplicates of two saws, which had been pawned that day - I found no duplicates on Clark.
Cross-examined. Q.Then Clark never owned the property? A. Not in my hearing; I went on the opposite side, and took Jones - he did not come across; I went to the Blue Posts - Clark said before the Magistrate that they had the saws of a man, who was inxtoxicated, at the Blue Posts - I did not hear there had been three persons there; only two.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BENJAMIN BIRDSEYE REEVE. I am a pawnbroker. I have two saws, pawned by Jones, on the 5th of June.
Jones' Defence. I hope you will look mercifully upon me - a man at the Blue Posts asked Clark or me to pawn some tools for him; I agreed to pawn two saws for 4s. 6d., and gave him the money - he said if the duplicate was of any use I might keep it; he afterwards got us to pledge more things, and gave the basket to Clark, telling him to walk on, and he would overtake us.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
