






OLD COURT. Friday, January 3, 1834.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Serjeant Arabin.


                     JOHN 
                     ABEL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLEFAX
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Storton
                        




                     
                  , on the 28th of November
, at Paddington, and stealing therein 15 yards of linen, value 15s., and 10 yards of diaper, value 6s., his property
            .


                  MARIA 
                  STORTON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Storton
               



             - we live at Bayswater


, in the parish of Paddington - on Thursday, the 28th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, I found the shop-window broken - we are haberdashers
 - we were waiting in the room adjoining the shop, and heard a noise at the window - I and my father immediately run out - I ran to the window, and missed two pieces of linen and a piece of diaper; and another piece was half out of the window - my father ran to the door, but I saw nobody myself - I am sure the glass was perfectly safe before I heard the window crash - five prisoners were taken that evening - Abel was taken up that night, about ten or eleven o'clock - Colefax was afterwards taken for a robbery at Kensington - I knew neither of them before.


                  RICHARD 
                  SHEPHARD
               



            . I am the father of 
               
                  Maria 
                  Storton
               



            - I was sitting in the room near the shop, and heard a great noise at the window - I stepped out as quick as I could, and two chaps ran away - I could not run hard enough to catch them - I only saw two - I went over to the police office to get an officer - I could not notice the man.
RICHARD HALL. I am servant to Mr. Till, a pawnbroker, of St. Alban's-place, Edgware-road - I have a piece of linen, which was pawned for 3s. in the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Room
               



            , by the prisoner Abel, on the 28th of November, between half-past and a quarter to eight o'clock.


                  FRANCIS 
                  GOUGH
               



            . I am a policeman - on the 4th of December I had occasion to apprehend Colefax, and on his person I found a duplicate - I had heard of this robbery, and took the prosecutrix to the pawnbrokers, who identified the linen that was pawned to be her property - it was at Mr. Till's, St. Alban's-place, Edgware-road.
RICHARD HALL re-examined. That duplicate refers to the linen I produced.
Cross-examined by MR. WALESBY. Q.What is the duplicate for? A. A piece of linen pawned for 3s. - it was not written by myself, but by a lad who is in our shop - he is not here, but I took the linen in myself, and can swear it is the ticket I saw him make, and I pinned it on the linen.
EDWARD JAMES LEVY (policeman). I had information that Abel was wanted, and apprehended him in Black-lion-lane - I told him I wanted him for felony - he said, "Very well," and walked a few yards with me; then said, "I have been had a few hours ago by a policeman, and am now going home, being discharged" - I found his statement false.
MRS. STORTON. This is our linen.
Abel's Defence. The pawnbroker told the magistrate he did not take the linen in, but his fellow-servant did; and he could not swear to the person.
MARY WILLETT. I am married - my husband is a bricklayer, and lives at Kensington - I know the prisoner Colefax - I was present some weeks ago when he bought some cloth - it was fine linen cloth, very good - about a fortnight after he bought it, he took it out to pledge - I did not see him pledge it, I saw him take it out of the house - he was going to pawn it to get some money to go to market with- he bore a very good character indeed - he lives in Pell-street with his parents - he has lived there fourteen years- I never heard anything against him.
COURT. Q.What is he? A. He goes to Portman-market, and Covent Garden - he goes about the street, selling fruit - he does not keep a donkey - he sells fruit, or fish, in a basket - I know he bought the cloth at the door of a hawker - it was a remnant - he paid 7s. for it - there was about five yards - I don't know whether that is the linen - I should not like to swear to it - this is the colour of the linen - it was bleached, and was white.
John Orchard, of Grafton-court, Marylebone, and Mary Topping, of Kensington, gave the prisoner, Colefax, a good character.
Abel. I was taken to Marylebone Office on the night of the robbery, and was discharged that very night, and afterwards taken again.
ABEL. 

               GUILTY
            . - Aged 18 - 


               Transported for Life
            .
COLEFAX. 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
