





1520. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously uttering, on the 30th of May
, a forged request for the delivery of goods
            .


                  JOSIAH 
                  RIDPATH
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hancock
                  




               
            , of Bread-street-hill


; he is a wholesale grocer
, and carries on business in the firm of Hancock, and Co. On the 30th of May, the prisoner came there, and produced this paper; I asked him if it was the best juice Mr. Castell wished for - he said Yes, he wanted to send it into the country; I desired it to he packed up, and gave it to him- it is worth 1l. 16s. 3d.; Mr. John Castell, of No. 44, Princes-street, is a customer of ours - the prisoner came again on the 14th of June, and was detained - (order read.)
Messrs. Hancock and, Co., Bread-street-hill - May 30, 1832. Gentlemen, - Please to let the bearer have 28lbs. of Italian juice for 
               J. 
            Castell, 44, Princes-street. W. SMITH.
I do not know who W. Smith is; I gave credit to Mr. John Castell, - I am sure the prisoner is the person who brought the order.
Prisoner. He is quite in an error; there are more persons than one alike. Witness. You are the person.


                  JOHN 
                  CASTELL
               



            . I live at No. 44, Princes-street, Leicester-square, and am a wholesale confectioner. I do not know the prisoner; I had a William Smith in my employ, but he had left me six weeks or two months before that - this order was not sent by my authority; I use Italian juiceto manufacture into fine juice, but I never had so small a quantity as - cwt. - I have seen Mr. Smith write; I should say this note is not his writing - it has not the least appearance of it.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not write it; I was merely given it as a porter, by a man, to go and receive the goods- I was not aware of the crime; it was not my intention to defraud the party - I did not know whether it was right or wrong; I gave the goods to the man - I know nothing of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
