




16. 




THOMAS WARD
 and 




JOHN SWEENEY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of November, 1 handkerchief, value 4d., the goods of 



Thomas Addison, from his person.






JOSHUA JUDGE
. I am a Thames police-surveyor. About twelve o'clock in the day, on the 16th of November, I was in East Smithfield, and saw both the prisoners together, following the prosecutor—I saw Sweeney attempt to pick his pocket—Ward appeared to push him on one side, and immediately drew the handkerchief from the pocket, doubled it up, and passed it immediately to Sweeney—I secured ward, and Bartlett, who was with me, secured Sweeney—I saw the handkerchief lying at Sweeney's feet—I took it up, and Ward said, "That is my handkerchief"—I said, "No, you have stolen it from that gentleman's pocket"—but he said he had not, that it was his.

Ward. Q. You said you saw us follow the gentleman from Denmark-street? A. I saw you both follow him about a hundred yards—I do not know where Denmark-street is.

Ward. I said the handkerchief in my pocket was my own—not the one on the ground. Witness. He did not produce a handkerchief from his pocket; he claimed the one on the ground—I found one in his pocket at the office.

JOHN BARTLETT. I am a Thames police-officer. I was with Judge, and saw Ward put his hand into Mr. Addison's pocket, take the handkerchief out, and give it to Sweeney, who dropped it when I laid hold of him—I acquainted Mr. Addison of it—he felt his pocket, missed a handkerchief and identified the one produced—when it was picked up Ward said it was his own; Sweeney said I was mistaken when I laid hold of him, and that two Irish porters had gone up a turning, who took the handkerchief.

Ward. Judge told a labouring man to go after a gentleman who was going towards St. Katharine's Docks, and that gentleman said he had not lost his handkerchief—they asked him again, and showed it him; and he said, "It is not mine"—they took us to a public-house, and searched us; and, when there, the prosecutor came in, and said it was his—he had been asked about three times. Witness. I heard nothing of the kind pass.





THOMAS ADDISON
. I am commander of a brig, and live at South Shields. I was in East Smithfield on the 16th of November—Judge called my attention to my handkerchief—I felt in my pocket, and missed it—I said it was mine when I saw it—I never said it was not mine—This is it.
(The prisoners put in a written defence, stating that two boys, without shoes or stockings took the handkerchief threw it down at Sweeney's feet, and ran away; and that the prosecutor several times denied having lost his handkerchief.)





JOSHUA JUDGE

re-examined. I saw nothing of two boys without shoes or stockings—I must have seen if there had been any.





THOMAS BARTLETT

re-examined. There were not two Irish porters

to take it, not two boys without shoes—I must have seen if there had been any.

WARD*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SWEENEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Twelve Months.
