




999. 




RICHARD SMITH
 and 




JOHN THOMAS HIGGINS
 were indicted for 

stealing, on the 
4th of March, 40 yards of flannel, value 2l., the goods of 



Thomas Blakeman and another.






THOMAS BLAKEMAN
. I live in Judd-street, St. Pancras. On the 4th of March, a little before ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner Smith was brought into my shop by a policeman and another person, with a roll of flannel, which is the property of myself and my partner—I had seen it safe ten minutes before.





JAMES KENNERLEY
 (police constable, C 60.) I was on duty in Oxfordrtrwt, and saw the two prisoners in company with another between half-past nine and ten o'clock—I am quite sure the two prisoners were together—I was in plain clothes—I followed them through a number of streets to Judd-street, where I saw the two prisoners go to Mr. Blakeman's shop door, and look in—Higgins then went and stood by the window looking in, Smith passed by the door and looked in—he then passed the door and stood a few seconds—he then went and stood by the window alongside of Higgins, and appeared in conversation—he then went by the door again, and I saw Higgins make a sign with his hand—Smith then went up on the step of the door and took this roll of flannel off a box—he walked away with it—I pursued, in company with Mr. Heath—I took him, and Higgins ran away—I apprehended Higgins yesterday week at his lodgings in Grafton-street Soho—I know him perfectly well.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Does Higgins's mother lodge with him? A. I believe she does—he was very willing to go with me—there was no one with me in Oxford-street—I know Higgins perfectly—I knew

where he lived on this day, but I did not go, ns I had every reason to believe he would not go home—I got information on the night I took him that he was at home—I have had the person who gave the information twice at Marlborough-street for attempting to pick pockets—he is a companion of the prisoner's.





ROBERT HEATH
. I am a coal and potato dealer in Judd-street. This officer came to my house and asked for shelter—he said, "I am watching these three young men"—I watched them myself, and saw Smith take the flannel—I will not swear to Higgins—there was one the same site as Higgins, and one smaller—I should think they were about ten minutes together before they took it—I did not cross the road till I saw the flannel taken.

Cross-examined. Q. If the policeman had told you to take one while he took the other, that might have been done? A. I took Smith myself—he might have taken the other if he had crossed the road.

Smith. I was in great distress at the time I did it.
(Smith received a good character.)

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Six Months; Three Weeks Solitary.

HIGGINS—


GUILTY
.* Aged 24."


Transported for Seven Years.
