





1700. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SHANNON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, 1 frock, value 2s., and 1 pair of boots, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Barclay 
                           Barrett
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Barrett
                        



.


                  GEORGE 
                  BARCLAY BARRETT
               



            . I live in Crown-court, Soho


. My son Robert is five years old; he was playing about my place on the 25th of June, and we did not know he was away till a woman brought him back; he had a frock and a pair of boots on when he went out, and when he returned they were gone.


                  ANN 
                  BONNER
               



            . I live in Bainbridge-street; my mistress lets out beds. On the 25th of June, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner, who was a stranger came to the house; she brought a little boy
, and wanted a bed: the little boy was dressed, and had a pinafore on - she did not mention any thing about him, but asked how much the bed would be; I said half a bed would be 4d. - she said show me the bed, which I did; she paid the 4d.: she then asked me to go for some gin, and gave me 2d. - I went, leaving her and the child there, and she was giving the child some strawberries; when I came back the child was coming, crying, down stairs, and the prisoner was gone - I was called on the next day to see if I could tell the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it not getting dark? A. No; my sight is pretty good: the prisoner had a red shawl on, a white straw bonnet, and a light linen gown, which seemed rather dirty.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KINGSBRIDGE
               



            . I am ten years of age, and live with my father in Little Pulteney-street. I was in Soho-square, between seven and eight o'clock, on the day before I went to the Magistrate; I saw the prisoner there with this little child - I said, to him - "Babby, where are you going?" the prisoner said she was going to give him a pottle of straw berries - he was dressed then; the prisoner is the person who was with him; she had a red shawl on and a white bonnet.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not say, she had a black gown, a black bonnet, and a white apron? A. No, she had a blue apron; I do not know whether I said she had a black gown, and a black bonnet - I think I did, and I think she had them on; I told the Magistrate so: I said she had a white bonnet on, because the last witness said so.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BEDFORD
               



            . I am a jeweller, and live in Carlile-street. On the evening in question, I saw the child at twenty minutes past seven o'clock; I knew the child, and to the best of my belief, the prisoner was with him - she had hold of him, or he had hold of her; they were going towards Soho-square.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you tell how she was dressed? A. She had a white straw bonnet, and a red shawl on.
Prisoner's Defence. It is quite false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
