





1448. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SPENCER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 2 pairs of trousers, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ralph 
                           Bradbury
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RALPH 
                  BRADBURY
               



            . I am a carpenter
. On the 5th of October, I was a little drunk - I was in Shoreditch


 about half-past ten o'clock at night, and had two pairs of trousers under my arm; I saw the prisoner, he asked me where I was going - I had not known him before; I said I was going to Shoreditch; he then snatched my trousers from me - one pair I had bought new, and the other had been repaired; he then said, "This is your way;" I said, "I have lost my trousers;" he gave me back one pair, and said, "Here are your trousers;" I said, "I have lost another pair;" he said, "I have not got them, and know nothing about them;" the policeman then came up, and I told him I had lost a pair of trousers, and I supposed this man had got them; the officer took him round the corner, and I saw this pair drop from him - I gave him into custody.


                  JOHN 
                  BRAND
               



             (police constable C 170). I took the prisoner, and saw him drop these trousers.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw him getting up from a step of a door; he dropped one pair of trousers, and I gave them to him; he then asked if there was not another pair of black ones; I said, "I don't see them;" he then spoke to the policeman, and went down the street with him - they then came back, and the policeman took hold of me and searched to see if I had them, but I had not - he took me a short distance, and then he dropped this pair at my feet.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for fourteen Years
            .
