





1597. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RUTHERFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, ont the 19th of July
, 4 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 6 shillings, and one 10l. Bank note
            , the monies of 
               
                  Sarah Sanders 
                  Nunnallee
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  SANDERS NUNNALLEE
               



            . I am housekeeper
 to the Earl of Abergavenny. On the 19th of July I wrote a letter to a fiend, and enclosed in it a 10l. Bank note, No 13,192, dated 17th June, 1831; I put the letter, containing the note, into a parcel, which also containd four sovereigns, one half-severeigo, and six shillings in silver - I tied up the parcel, and sealed the straing; I directed it to
"Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Bowden
               



            , Marlborough tavern, Bath, to go by the Bath coach on the 17th July;" I took it myself, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, and left it at the booking-office, at the Gloucester coffee-house, Piccadilly; I had it booked in the usual way by one of the clerks - in about a week afterwards I had reason to believe it had not been delivered.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How is it you remember the number of the note? A. I made a memorandum of it before I enclosed it, and I have it here.


                  JOHN 
                  PULLEN
               



            . I keep the King's Head, in St. James'-street. The prisoner has been about three years attending the coaches at the Gloucester coffee-house; he came to me with a 10l. note, and asked me to give him change; I am not certain whether it was on the 20th or the 21st of July; he said it was for Mr. Ryder is the Gloucester coffee-house - Mr. Ryder is the proprictor of the booking-office; I think I gave him a 5l. note and five sovereigns, but I am not certain; I put Mr. Ryder's name on the note, and paid it to Mr. Winch, of Crutched-friars - I know the note by my own hand-writing on it.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you in a considerable way of business? A. No; I put the name of the person I took it of on the note - I might have twenty notes at that time.
COURT. Q. Did you put Mr. Ryder's name on any other note about that time? A.No.



                  GEORGE 
                  RYDER
               



            . I am book-keeper at the coach-office at the Gloucester coffee-house. The prisoner was employed by the proprietor of the Bath and Bristol mail; I remember the proprietor of the Bath and Bristol mail; I remember the parcel the prosecutrix has described, from its being on the books of the office, and from its being entered in the way-bill of the mail by myself; it should have gone by the Bath and Exeter mail - the parcels are taken out by the porters of the office, assisted by the porters coming with the mail; the prisoner would have access to this parcel, as he generally came into the office the last thing, to inquire if we had any more parcels belonging to such a mail; I have reason to believe this parcel never arrived at its place of destination.
Cross-examined. Q. Were there many men about whose duty it was to take parcels out? A. Yes, there are necessarily; I have no recollection of whom I gave the parcel to - the coaches were all gone, and there was only the mail for it to go by; the lady said by the first coach - there are about seven mails come there, and about two porters to each.
COURT. Q. Did you, on the 20th or 21st of July, direct the prisoner to go and get change for a 10l. note for you? A. No.


                  GEORGE 
                  DYER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce the 10l. note, No. 13,192, dated 17th of June, 1831; it came in on the 25th of July, from Currie and Co's.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know of its coming in except by some mark? A. It has my writing on it, which I put when it came in.


                  JAMES 
                  BOWDEN
               



            . The parcel was directed for me at Bath, but I never received it or its contents.


                  JOHN 
                  PULLEN
               



            . This note has my writing on it, but I did not put the date; I asked the prisoner who it was for - he said for Mr. Ryder; I might have put his name or Mr. Ryder's.
Prisoner's Defence. I was stationed to attend the Bath and Bristol coaches; I seldom do any thing for the Bath, except unloading the mail - I sometimes put in a parcel, if the man is busy, and if this had been given to me I should have put it in; the note was given me by some one in the office to get changed, but who I could not tell - I am daily in the habit of getting change, and it is not always possible to ask the name; I can declare, upon my oath, that I did not put three parcels in a week into the coach, and the coachman was always present to count them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
