






1734. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DROVER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARTIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 hat, value 10s.; 1 stock, value 2s., and 1 snuff-box, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles Edward Thomas 
                  Mills
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  EDWARD THOMAS MILLS
               



            . I am a medical-student
, and live in John-street, Blackfriars-road. On the 14th of July I was in Newcastle-street, Strand


, about nine o'clock at night; I was not altogether sober, but was not drunk - a man insulted me by shoving against me; the two prisoners came up, and offered to assist me in getting away - shortly afterwards I stripped to fight, and took off my hat and coat; Drover took my hat - I do not know who took my coat; my opponents all ran off - I then looked for my coat and hat; they were gone also - Drover was taken with my hat; they were all strangers to me.


                  JOHN 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am a Police-officer. The prosecutor came, and said he had been robbed - he was sober enough to tell me all this; I went down my beat, met Drover with the hat on his head, and I found in his possession the pocket-book, handkerchief, and gloves - I took him to the prosecutor, who said it was his, and that was the man who took them; I asked Drover where the coat and stock were - he said he had sold them in Russel-court, Drurylane, and I found them there.


                  CHARLES 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I saw the two prisoners following the prosecutor up towards Templebar, and back again - the prosecutor was not sober, but was capable of walking and talking; in about a quarter of an hour I saw the prosecutor with a hat on, which I had seen Drover wear the same evening, and that caused suspicion; I took Hartin on the 13th of August - I had seen both the prisoners in company before, and knew they were associates.
Hartin. Q. Did you not see the prosecutor stripped, in the act of fighting? A. I saw him taking off his coat; he was having an altercation with some person - I did not see you pick up his clothes from under feet.
M - MOSES. I keep a clothes-shop. I bought this coat of Drover about half an hour before the officer came - there was some other man with him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Drover's Defence. The prosecutor took my hat off, put his hat on my head, and put mine on his head, to disguise himself, to go to fight a porter at the gate of the lun- the handkerchief was in his hat, and I put it into my pocket.
Hartin's Defence. I and a friend went into the public-house opposite the Angel Inn; I heard an altercation, went out, and saw the prosecutor fighting - the Policeman came up and separated them; he was beastly drunk: no man would have behaved as he did in his sober senses; the Policeman sent him towards Temple-bar, but he returned once or twice - I went into the public-house again, and he came in with his coat off, and Drover's hat on; the porter, and two female servants were in the house, having a glass of ale; the prosecutor insisted upon fighting the porter - the man behind the bar jumped over, and turned him out; a respectable person, who was with me, came to Bow-street, and proved that I was not out of his company till half-past eleven o'clock that night, but he was sent by the Scotch society to Scotland, the next day.
DROVER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HARTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Confined Three Months
            .
