





1426. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of July
, 1 set of traces, value 5s.; 1 pair of reins, value 3s., and 1 bridle, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Godfrey
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I rent three stables in Southampton-mews, in Euston-square


. On the 3rd of July I missed this harness, which I saw safe the day before - I went immediately and overtook the prisoner in Hampstead-road, about seven hundred yards from my stable, and charged him with stealing them; he was a stranger - he said he knew nothing of them; I told him I knew to the contrary, and that I must have the harness, as it belonged to a gentleman whose horse was at livery - he then took me to No. 95, Drummond-street; the Policeman was with me - I did not go into the house, as I was not quite dressed; the harness was brought back to my stable.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARDEN
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prisoner was given into my charge by Godfrey, who asked him where the harness was that was taken out of the mews - he denied it; Godfrey said it was of no use to deny it, forhe had it - he said he had some harness at home that was brought to him by a young man, at a quarter past twelve o'clock, and was to be fetched at eight in the morning; he did not give his name - I went with him to the second floor back room, No. 95, Drummond-street, and he gave me the harness, which Godfrey claimed; I watched at the house from half-past seven till nine o'clock - nobody came.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It was brought me at a quarter past twelve o'clock, by a young man who I knew, when he was in Mr. Hobbins' service; he asked me to keep it till eight o'clock in the morning, when he would call, and as I went to work about a quarter to five, this man took me.
JOHN GODFREY. I followed him, in consequence of information, that a man had gone out of my stable - I went after him about three minutes after I received the information; the person pointed to the prisoner as he was going down the mews, and said that was the man who had gone out of my stable, but did not say at what time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
