





302. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, 1 jar, value 15d., and 1 oz. weight of tobacco, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary Ann 
                  Johnson
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             JOHNSON. I am a widow
, and keep a chandler's shop
 in Punterson-place, Bethnal-green-road


. On the 29th of December, about twelve o'clock at night, I was closing my shutter-bar, and the prisoner came up to the door; I turned to go in, and he followed me - I asked what he wanted, and he said half an ounce of tobacco; I got the scales, and asked which tobacco he wanted - he said, "The common tobacco," and while I turned to get it he said, "This will do for me," took this jar off the counter, and walked out of the shop with it; I went to the door, but he was gone out of my sight - I had a full view of him in the shop; I had a good light, and am possitive he is the person - the jar was found in about an hour, in a yard adjoining an empty house.
JOHN PEARCY. I am a watchman. I heard of this robbery a little before twelve o'clock, on the night of the 29th of December; the prosecutrix described this lad to me - I went after him, and found this jar in a yard adjoining an empty house, about two hundred yards from the prosecutrix's; I searched the empty house, but could not find the prisoner - I went there again in about an hour and a half with another watchman; I then found the prisoner asleep in a room, covered with some sacks - I had been in that same room before, and he was not there then; this tobacco was in the jar when I found it.
GEORGE FREEMAN. I went with Pearcy, and found the prisoner.
THOMAS ADAMS. I am the headborough. I received this jar at the watch-house - the prisoner was afterwards brought and locked up; the watchman went and fetched the prosecutrix, who identified the property and the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
