





1193. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BRODIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, 1 pocket-book, value 6d., and nine sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Watts
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT WATTS. I am a seaman
, and live at Deptford. On the 12th of April, about one o'clock in the day, I was at the lower part of the Minories


, going home from the pension-office, on Tower-hill, where I had received nine sovereigns and 6s., my quarter's pension - it was not in my possession half an hour; as I came out of the Minories a woman sat with a begging petition; a crowd of fourteen or fifteen were round her - I stopped to look; somebody said she was fainting; I looked, and at that moment felt something touch my pocket - I turned round, and immediately saw the prisoner putting his hand into his bosom; I missed my pocket-book, with my money in it, and tried to seize him; he ran; I pursued, and never lost sight of him - I called Stop thief! and he was stopped two or three hundred yards on, but had not got my pocket-book then: he must have dropped it, or given it to somebody - I said to the officer, "That is the man who robbed me," and I took him to the station; his hand went into his bosom as he ran, but we found nothing on him.
WILLIAM EVANS. I am a Policeman. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running - I pursued; he was stopped by some gentlemen who were coming in an opposite direction - I took hold of him: Watts came up, and said, "That is the man who robbed me of my pocket-book;" the prisoner made no remark whatever - I found nothing on him; his waistcoat was unbuttoned.
Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing Tower-hill, and saw a crowd; directly I got up to it this man took hold of me, and said I had his pocket-book; I said I had not - several people ran; I ran also - the Lord Mayor asked the Policeman why he took me more than another; he said he took the first that came to his hand.


                  ROBERT 
                  WATTS
               



            . There was nobody running but him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
