





434. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December
, 1 coach-cover, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Edgington
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  EDINGTON
               



            . I did not see this cover till it was brought here to-day - I am able to say it is my manufacture, and has been recently made; it was worth 20s. when it left our premises.
Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner had no access to your premises? A. Not to my knowledge - I had not these premises when Pearce lived with me, and he could not know them; the prisoner has not been indicted about this cover before - I cannot say I ever saw this identical cloth; the prisoner was questioned about this previous to going before the Magistrate, and said he bought the canvas of a man named Austin, in Dover-road, and made it; it was not produced at the time - we only asked him about what he sold to Bonnet, who had it on the road.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BONNET
               



            . On the 3rd of December I saw the prisoner at the White Horse, Fetter-lane; I did not know him before - I asked if he was a manufacturer of coach aprons; he said Yes - I had seen what he sold Bonus; I asked if he would make me an apron for my coach - he said he would, and the price would be 10s.; he did not say where he lived - on the 6th of December he brought me the apron to the White Horse, and charged 10s. for it; I told him Bonus would pay him - I took it to Newcastle, where I live, and a friend brought it to London; the prosecutor's foreman saw it, and claimed it.
Cross-examined. Q. Relying on what Bonus said of him, you agreed with him? A. Yes - he brought it openly, and gave it to me in the street - I only used it on one journey.


                  JOHN 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Edgington. I saw this article at the White Horse, on the 12th of December, and claimed it. I have been in the manufactory six years, and swear it is Edgington's make, positively - it is now a coach-cover cut in two; I know it has been a cover by the manner it is finished, by the holes in it - it is part of a coach cover which has been in our manufactory; I value if as a cover at 20s.; here is rather more than half of it.
Cross-examined. Q. You cannot say when you had seen it? A. No - it might have been taken three months before, or it might he only one day; it was never on our premises in its present state; it has never been stamped, as the stamp is large, and would come on this part as well as the other - we always put it on one place.
Prisoner's Defence. I manufactured the inside, and bought the other part; I have been in the habit of making these things for several years.


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a boot-maker, and have known the prisoner four or five years; I live in Red Lion-street, Whitechapel; he used to sell hay and straw, and lives in Skinner-street, Bishopsgate-street.
JURY. Q. Did you know him to manufacture any articles? A. I did not; if I had wanted a coach-cover I should have asked him about it - I never heard him say he made coach-cloths.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
