





1199. 




DAVID WOOTTON,



 SAMUEL THOMAS
. and 




JOSEPH BARNARD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., 6d., the goods of 



William James Nutting, from his person.






WILLIAM JAMES NUTTING
. I was going along King-William-street about seven o'clock on the 11th of April—I had a handkerchief in my pocket when I left my own house—opposite the Mansion-house a gentleman came and told me it was gone—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You are sure you had it just before? A. Yes, I had used it.






WILLIAM ESWORTHY
, I live in Collins-court, St. Dunstan's-hall, I saw the three prisoners standing by a lady who pulling out her purse, buying some apples—we went on the Post-office; and as we came back we saw the three prisoners still by the side of the lady—they went up Nicholas-lane—the prosecutor came by with his cloak on his arm—I saw Thomas take his handkerchief, and fold it up, and put it to his nose—I went and told Mr. Nutting—he told me to look for a policeman—there was not one—we went down Abchurch-lane, and saw Thomas and Wootton together, and Barnard on the opposite side—they were taken to the watch-house, and Barnard dropped the handkerchief.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I have worked for Navigation Company as a porter about twelve months, on board the steamers, getting the cargoes in and out when the steam-boats want hands—I worked five years in Messes. Bartleys employ, but now I am only employed by the steam-boats when they come in—the witness Burn is a lighterman—I have know him thirteen or fourteen months—I was going to take a walk with him, to put the letters or in the post-office—there were a great many of them—I saw Thomas put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket and draw out the handkerchief—I was on the opposite side—I went to the gentleman—I did not cry out in King William-street—the prosecutor had time to get to Nicholas-lane—he he had just got into Crooked-lane—I did not tell the prosecutor of it in King William-street, because he was walking on very quickly—I had got to Crooked-lane—Thomas, when he did it, was the first of the three—Barnard was on the curb side, and Wootton on the other side—Thomas was in front of them, not far off—Barnard dropped the handkerchief at the station-house—I suppose there was about three yards distance between Thomas, and Barnard, and Wootton—persons could not see it done without they could see over the other two prisoners

COURT. Q. Thomas was first? A. Yes—his band went into the pocket, and when he took the handkerchief they opened, and he passed between them down into Nicholas-lane, and the other two went on to the picture shop, and stopped there—we looked down Abchurch-lane, and could not find Wootton and Thomas—we went to one or two other places—we came back to Abchurch-lane, and there they were together.





THOMAS BURN
, I am a lighterman, and was in King William-street about seven o'clock—I was going back to the counting-house—I was with Esworthy—we were going up to the post-office—we saw the three prisoners—I went to the post-office and came back, and there was a lady standing there, and the prisoners by her—I thought they were after her, but Mr. Nutting passed, and they all three followed him—Thomas was in front—the other two walked behind—and when they got just beyond Abchurch-lane, Thomas turned back with the handkerchief, and wiped his most in it—the others followed the gentleman on—we went to look for an officer and found one—we came back and found Wootton all Tomas standing at one corner together, and the other prisoner at the other corner—they were taken, and while two were being searched, Barnard put his hand over the back of the chair and dropped something—I told the officer to look and he found this handkerchief there.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you swear to the men without looking at their faces? A. I do not think I did—I do not know that I looked at there faces the first time—I do not know that I swore that it was Barnard and Wootton that were together in Abchurch-lane I think I have made a mistake—since I have been in the box I may have made a mistake in the

whole transaction—I did not ask the prosecutor if he had lost his handkerchief—the other witness did—he said, "Yes," and then we went the after the officer.

JURY, Q. How came your attention to be directed to them? A. They passed me as I was turning the corner going to the Post-office—nothing directed my attention to them but suspicion—I had forty-five letters, the other witness carried six of them—he had the foreign letters.





WILLIAM MERRILEES
. I am an officer. The two witness came to me with the prosecutor—Wootton and Thomas were standing at the first corner of Abchurch-lane and Barnared on the other side—when Thomas me he came towards me—I called him and dragged him to Wootton—Barnard set off to run, but I called to the witness to take him—he had run about two yards when they caught him and took him to the watch-house, and was searching Thomas, and was about to search Wootton when the witness called out, "It is no use searching, here is the handkerchief behind the door"—Barnard was nearest to the place where the handkerchief dropped—he gave the name of Barnard, but now he is called Wootton.





WILLIAM ESWORTHY

re-examined. Thomas took the handkerchief—when they were seen again, Thomas and Wootton were together—Barnard, who now calls himself Wootton, had a long coat on—it was Barnard dropped the handkerchief behind the door.





THOMAS BURN

re-examined. Thomas picked—when I came back with the officer Wootton and Thomas were together, and Barnard was at the other corner.

WOOTTON. I was standing at a pestry-clock's shop and saw the beadle come over and lay hold of Thomas—I was walking along, and one of these took me—and Mr. Nutting could not tell the handkerchief till he had smelt it—he said he had just had it washed and it had a particular smell in it.





WILLIAM JAMES NUTTING

re-examined. The prisoner asked me if it was mine—I did not choose to answer him—I told the officer I knew it was mine—I could tell it by the smell—it had a disagreeable smell—because it was clean.

Thomas's Defence. I was wiping my none with handkerchief—the beadle afterwards came and said I had picked the gentleman's pocket.

Barnard's Defence. I went to the bank to my brother—he had left work—I was going over to Camberwell to him—I was going to buy a pennyworth of apples, and they took me and said I had been with these people and then they found handkerchief behind the door.





GEORGE WALKER
. I am a silk-weaver and live at No. 12, Halifax-street. I have know Barnard twelve months—he has always borne a good character for honesty.

COURT. Q. That you mean to swear? A. Yes—I have known him for the last three or six months—if he had ever been in Bridewell I must have known it, I should think—he worked with me three months, and left me three months ago—I have missed him for a month or two.





WILLIAM MERRILEES
. I have seen the prisoners together scores of times and turned them out of the street repeatedly for following gentleman—this witness knows Barnard well, and I have seen him with them.





GEORGE WALKER
. What he says is quite false—I em employed by a silk-manufacturer—I am so flurried I cannot tell his name—Mr. Burgess

is his foreman—he lives at the corner of Spitalfields'-market—no, Finsbury. market—next door to a grocer's shop.

WOOTTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

THOMAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

BARNARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Seven Years.
