




149. 




SAMUEL SPICER
 and 




JOHN GAST, alias
 Robinson,

 were indicted for

 breaking and entering a certain building, on the 
3rd of November, at 
Walthamstow, with in the curtilage of the dwelling-house of Henry Stock, Esq, and stealing therein 16 tame rabbits, value 8l. his goods; and that the said 



Samuel Spicer had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY STOCK, ESQ
. I am a Magistrate of the county of Middlesex, and reside at Walthamstow. I had some tame rabbits, kept in a house prepared for them, in a building in my yard, within the ring-fence, in a rabbit-house had been broken—I went down, and found a ladder placed against it, and a small door in it had been broken—a staple had been wrenched out of the post to which a padlock was usually attached—I then went into the rabbit-house—I found the rails of two tame rabbits had been cur off while they were alive—I missed a great many rabbits—I cannot tell how many—my man can speak to that—two of the rabbits have been produced which were found in the prosecution of one of the prisoners—a poker was left in the rabbit-house, which I gave to the police-sergeant—It was not mine.





DANIEL WARELL
. I am the prosecutor's servant. On the night of the 3rd of November, I saw all the rabbits safe, and had locked the loft up stairs—It was quite secure, nor broken—I saw it all safe at half-past six broken, and the staple drawn—I missed sixteen rabbits—two bits of skin were found on the forest, which I can swear belonged to my master's rabbits—I saw the poker inside—I believe a person has owned it.





WILLIAM FAIR
. I am a officer of Bow-street. I apprehended both the prisoners—I found Splicer's in his house, near Woodford—Gast lives at Woodford—I found two rabbits in Spicer's yard, and two skins were brought to me by Willis—two rabbits that I found at Spicers's were without their skins—I asked Splicer's where he got them—he said he did not know they were in property—I showed the skins to Warrell.





HENRY STOCK, ESQ
. re-examined. The rabbits found at Spicer's were killed in precisely the same way as those found in the forest; and those found in the forest I can distinctly speak to.





CHARLES SAVORY
. I am a constable. On Wednesday morning, the 4th of November, I received information—I went and viewed the place—I traced the footsteps across the fields, in the direction of Spicer's house—I went there, and found Splicer's in the act of cleaning the two rabbits—there were two skins found in the forest—the rabbits appeared to be all skinned in the same way—when I was taking Splicer's to the cage, he confessed he was connected with Mr. Stock's robbery; and said there was another man with him, named Robinson—the next morning I took Gast's shoes, and they exactly corresponded with the footsteps across the field, in a direction to Spicer's house, where the two rabbits were found—I found this poker in Mr. Stock's rabbit-house.





MARY ROBISON
. I live in the same house with Gast. I had a poker, which was like this; and I missed it on Wednesday, the 4th of November—I cannot say that this is it—Gast was in bed that night, and did not get up till half past seven o'clock in the morning—I did not sleep with him, but in the same room—I went to bed at a little after eight o'clock; and fell

asleep, I dare say—I awoke when he came to bed—I do not know how my poker went away—I never saw it go—I let the prisoner in—I have not got a clock, and do not know what time it was.





JANE NICHER
. I am cook to Mr. Stock. I saw one of the rabbits—there was of the skin under the lower jaw—I am positive it was one of my master's.





DAVID DORWARD
. I was an officer. I have a certificate of Spicer's former conviction, which I got from the clerk of the Peace, for the county of Essex (read)—I know him to be the person.

Spicer's Defence. I bought the two rabbits of a man in Whitechapel—I gave 1s. 6d. for them, and he had the skins.

Gast's Defence. I bought the shoes of a gentleman's groom, at Layton-stone, who had two or three more pairs to sell.

SPICER—

GUITY
. Aged 19.

GAST—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Fourteen Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Baron Alderson.

