



2380. 




CHARLES RICH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of September, at 
St. Peter, on Cornhill, 20 sheep, value 30l., the property of 



James Meakins.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES MEAKINS
. I am a farmer, and live at Hornchurch, in Essex. On Thursday, the 22nd of September, I had twenty Southdown sheep, market with my initials, "J. M."—I saw them safe together in one of my fields, at six o'clock on Thursday evening—I went to that field about six o'clock next morning, and they were gone—it appeared they had been driven through gap—the bushes were pulled up, and replaced again—I went with Mr. Brittain to Islington, and afterwards to Evans, a fellmonger at Bermondsey—I there saw the skins of ten of my sheep—Staite also produced to me another skin of one my sheep—I had given the prisoner no authority to have my sheep.





WILLIAM HAILE
. I attend the Islington market. On Friday, the 23rd of October, I saw the prisoner with a lot of sheep—I do not know how many—I had eighty-two myself—his and mine got mixed—we went as far as the Rosemary Branch, and then we separated them—I am quite sure he is the man—it was about half-past eleven or a quarter to twelve o'clock in the morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you first saw him with the sheep, did you hear directions given to him to drive them to Leadenhall-market? A. No—I saw somebody talking to him in Islington-market—I did not hear what was said—I did not hear Leadenhall-market mentioned—he drove the sheep a way about half an hour after the person spoke to him






CHARLES WRIGHT
. I am a salesman at Leadenhall-market, On Friday, the 23rd of September, the prisoner brought me ten sheep—he said he brought them Mr. Rose, of Colchester, for me to slaughter them, and when killed, be would call for the bill of them—I slaughtered them, and sold the skins of them to Mr. Powell—I did not notice the marks.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Rose of Colchester? A. I have heard of the name, but never did business with him—he is a salesman at Smithfield, I understand, and lived at Colchester.





JAMES STAITE
. I am in the service of Mr. Challis, a salesman in Leadenhall-market. I saw the prisoner on the Friday in the market, with some sheep—I received ten from him—they had two straight strokes, across the back with red ochre—he said he had brought them form Mr. Rose to be slaughtered, and I took them in—I have the skin of one here.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Rose? A. I have received things from him several times—the prisoner made no secret of this—it was a transaction in the ordinary course of business, as far as I knew.





THOMAS WALTER BRITTAIN
. I am a farmer, and live at Hornchurch. I accompanied the prosecutor to town, and went to Mr. Powell's, at Bermondsey, and obtained ten skins—I knew them to be the skins of Mr. Meakins' sheep, by the marks—I had seen them daily—my land joins his.





JOHN HOLLY
. I am a farming man in the service of Mr. Meakins. The day before he lost his sheep I saw the prisoner in the fields, just by Mr. Meakins' house, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning—he asked me if master had not any sheep to feed off that field?—I said there were some over at the other farm, and some in Mr. Cole's field, adjoining Mr. Meakins'—I had not seen these twenty sheep that day, but they had been in Mr. Cole's field, because I had pinned them in—I was at the Harrow public-house that evening, close to Mr. Meakins' premises, about a quarter or twenty minutes after nine o'clock and saw the prisoner there.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you in the prosecutor's service? A. Yes—I do farming work—I have been in his service nearly six years—I saw Mr. Meakins about ten or eleven o'clock the morning after the sheep were stolen—I told him about the prisoner talking to me, and seeing him at the public-house, that was some days after—when master asked me about it—I was buying a load of hay. I cannot say when I told him—it was not so long as a month ago—the prisoner was taken into custody six or seven days after master lost his sheep—I did not tell master of this conversation as soon as I heard it—I did as soon as he asked me about it—I was told I was to be a witness to-day for the first time—I did think of the conversation I had with the prisoner, to be sure.

Q. Then why not tell your master when you saw him, the first opportunity? A. I did not know there would be any thing required about what the man said to me—I knew him before—nobody was present at our conversation in the morning—there were several in the public-house in the evening—none of them are here—Mr. Brittain came for me this morning.





JAMES MEAKINS

re-examined. I have seen the skins produced by Wright, and the whole of them—they are all mine.
(MR. CLARKSON, on behalf of the prisoner, stated his defence to be, that he was a drover, and was employed on the morning in question to drive these sheep, by a person at Ilford, who represented them to belong to Mr. Rose, of Colchester—that the person overtook him at Islington, and directed him to drive them to Leadenhall-market, and to take ten to Wright, and ten to Challis, and receive the money for them.)

(Robert Laver, salesman, of Romford; Thomas Young, general dealer, High-street, Romford; Robert Sutton, tailor, Romford; Richard Dolster, fishmonger, Romford; and Peter Clare, stove marker, Holland-street, Black, friars-road; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18. 


Transported for Life.
(Recommended to mercy on account of his previous good character.)
