





1281. 
               
                  
                     JOHN HERBERT 
                     M'CABE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, 13 printed books, value 6l.
            , the goods of the 
               
London Institution




            .
FOUR OTHER COUNTS, stating them to belong to different persons.
MESSRS. ALLEY and ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am in the employ of the London Institution, as porter, and have been so for upwards of twelve years. Its rooms were formerly in the Old Jewry, but they are now in Finsbury Circus, in the parish of St. Stephen, Coleman-street, in the City of London: I know the prisoner perfectly well - he was in the habit of attendingour library some few years - he was introduced by Mr. 
               
                  Horace 
                  Grant
               



            , and put down his name in a book appropriated for visitors: he had been there so often as to be well acquainted with the rooms - I had lost sight of him for some time, but from the 9th of April till May he used to come almost every day; he had liberty to go into all the rooms without being watched.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q.He was not a member? A. No, only a visitor, and visitors enter their names; there is another porter besides me - our business is to be at the door, unless we are sent with messages: there is always a porter at the entrance to the news-room; the library is straight on - when I am on duty, persons leaving the library generally pass me; it is probable that a person could not pass with books of any size without my seeing them, but I did not see them - the members are not allowed to take books to their own homes; we often miss things, and find them again on the table - I cannot say who does it; I had not missed these books.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q.Although regularly and properly a man could not take books without your seeing him, could a dextrous man have done it? A. I do not know.


                  PHILIP 
                  LORTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Bishopsgate-street. The prisoner pawned these thirteen books with me for 10s. on the 26th of April: that was all he asked for them, I believe.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not say before the Magistrate that you thought he was the man? A. I was not before the Magistrate - I was in the shop, and can state positively he is the man.
COURT. Q.Did he bring the whole thirteen at once? A. Yes - we questioned him how he came to bring so many, and he said these were nothing to what he had been possessed of; he said he had bought a person's library.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MALTBY
               



            . I am principal librarian of the London Institution. I have examined these books - they all belong to the Institution: the marks have been erased very dexterously - looking at them in this general way I should say they were worth 3l. or 4l., but it would cost a great deal of money to replace them - some of these quarios cost 3l. or 4l. a-piece; this one has the mark clumsily taken out - this is more neatly done.
MR. BARRY. Q. Can you see any mark in this book? A. Yes, here are some pencil marks in it of my own making - I have known them these twenty years.
Prisoner. My Lord and Gentlemen. I have duty considered the perilous situation in which I stand, and I will beg to withdraw my plea and plead guilty - the distress of my family induced me to do it, my father and mother being thrown on my hands; I beg to leave myself to your mercy while you are considering your verdict, and I hope you will recommend me to the Court, in consequence of the distress of my family - we had been nearly one day without food; I had parted with every thing except my clothes, which I kept to apply for a situation, and then I adopted this step.
Two witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were six other indictments against the prisoner for stealing books from the Insitution, to which he pleaded Guilty.
