



1937. 




MATTHEW RYAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of July, 1 candlestick, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



John William Hicks; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN HICKS
. I am the wife of John Hicks, and live at No. 27, Church-street, Mile-end New-town. I let lodgings—the prisoner and his father lodged there for three weeks—a few days previous to this, the prisoner had been absent—I lost this candlestick from the next house, which belongs to my husband—the prisoner helped my husband in with the goods, consisting of old furniture—this candlestick was for the use of a lodger in the house—I found it in the prisoner's hat, upon going to speak to his father's character, who was in the station-house—this is the property—my husband was from home at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. He was lodging at your house? A. Yes—I let my rooms to respectable people by the week, and I have another lodging-house next door—I do not let them out for more than a week—I lost this candlestick on the Friday previous to the 31st of July—I knew where it had been—I have no more like it—this has a nut deficient, and it is burnt here—the prisoner was not on my premises when he was taken.





ANDREW DACEY
 (police-constable H 94.) I was taking the prisoner on another charge, and found this candlestick in his hat—I asked him how he came by it—he said he gave 1s. for it up at the west-end that day.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he lodging with his father? A. His father told me he had lodged with him, but he misbehaved himself, and he had forbiden him the place.





RICHARD SPARKS
. I am patrol of St. Dunstan's. I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction of felony from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.

Prisoner. I was in Scotland at that time.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you sure he is the person? A. I am positive, and the turnkey will certify the same—he is a witness that the prisoner was sent to the House of Correction—the prisoner was tried by the name of Matthew Ryan—I cannot spell it—I cannot read—I will swear he was tried by the name of Ryan—I will not swear it was not Ryant.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
