





820. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ARNOLD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, 1 hive, value 15s., and 10 lbs. of honey, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Catling
                  




               
            .
THOMAS SOPER. I am a Police-constable. I was on duty at Kilburn at half-past two o'clock in the morning, on the 6th of April; I saw a travelling waggon - the people belonging to it said they saw a man on the road with a sack: I went on towards Windmill-hill, and met the prisoner coming down the bill, towards London; he had a bag tied across his shoulders, but no sack - I asked him if he had seen two men with a waggon; he said he had - I asked if he had seen a man with a sack; he said No: I asked if he came to the top of the hill with them - he said Yes; I said a man with a sack had left them there - I thought he was the man, and I should keep him; he then said he had a sack, and he was going to take it to his brother - I said if he would show me where it was, and go to his brother, he might; he took me to the top of Windmillhill, and showed me a sack under a hedge - I was going to untie it; he said, "Don't, I will tell you the truth - it is a hive of bees I bought of a man in the country; I am going to sell them:" I asked where his brother lived - he said in the country; I said it was very strange he should bring them from the country to London, to send to his brother in the country - I detained him, and the next day I found the prosecutor; he was about thirteen miles from the prosecutor's.


                  HENRY 
                  CATLING
               



            . I live at Latchmore-heath, Herts


, and keep bees
. I lost one hive on the 6th of April, which I had seen safe about the middle of the day before; I could not swear to the hive, but I believe it was mine, and it was delivered up to me; I had no doubt they were mine - I had seen the prisoner pass my garden; he was a stranger to me - he said it was a fine morning, and I said it was - I was busy, going to load some dung.
Prisoner. I was out of work, and had nothing to eat - my friends live near a hundred miles off.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
