





1308. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  CUMMINS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Lee
                     




                  , on the 22nd of July
, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 3l., his goods
            .
JAMES LEE. I live at No. 79, Little Britain, in the Ward of St. Botolph, Aldersgate Without


. I am a tailor
 - I have two rooms, one is my shop and the other I dwell in- they are on the ground floor - on Tuesday, the 22nd of July, about one o'clock, my wife called me in to dinner - I thought I heard some one in the passage - I opened my room door, and found the shop door, which I had locked when I went to dinner, was half open - I entered the shop and saw the prisoner on the chair, at the back of the shop, with this coat in his hand - he got down and put down the coat - I asked him what he wanted - he said he came to a man named Clark - there was a skeleton key by his side, which would unlock my shop door - I did not know him before - this is the coat.


                  JAMES 
                  FARMER
               



            . I lodge in the house - I saw the prisoner in the shop - I do not know how he got there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ARNOLD
               



             (City police-constable No. 70). I took the prisoner - I found this skeleton key by his side, and this portable compass on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I worked for Mr. Burton until the Saturday before - on that night I was going down Little Britain, and a man asked me to go to this house and inquire for Mr. Clark - I went to the door, and this gentleman took me.


                  JAMES 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am a machinist - the prisoner worked for me till the Saturday before the robbery, and had a good character,




               GUILTY. Aged 19. - Recommended to mercy by the Jury
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
