



81. 




JOHN BAPTIST HENNET
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of November, 1 comb, value 3d., the goods of 




William Essenhigh Hammond.






ROBERT SKITTER
. I keep Mr. William Essenhigh Hammond's shop, at Brentford—he is a chemist and druggist. On the 27th of November the prisoner came to the shop, and asked to look at some small teeth-combs—he was quite a stranger—I showed him some—he had three in his hand, and asked what they were—I said 4d. each—he asked what a dozen—I said 3s.—he looked at them, and said he would have a dozen, and call in the morning—he put down two, and the other he put up his sleeve, and in going out of the shop he put his hand into his pocket—I ran after him—he went a few steps, and joined another man, to whom he shortly after gave the comb—the man held it up to the gas-light, so that I could distinctly see it—it was about ten o'clock in the evening—they went to a linen-draper's shop, and while they were in there I went and looked for a policeman—I directed him to the shop where the prisoner was, and went to look for another policeman to take the other man; and while looking for the policeman I saw the other man standing, looking for the prisoner—I went to tell the policeman, but that man got away, and we took the prisoner—the other man had got the comb.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you see me? A. By the, gas-light—there is a light in the window and outside—I saw you from the gas outside the door—you had gone a few steps on.

Prisoner. I gave that man a half-crown piece—I came into your shop, and asked you the price of the combs—you said 4d., and a dozen was 3s. 6d. Witness. You said at the Police-office that you had not been in our shop at all.

Prisoner. No—I said it was not that shop I went into—I had no sleeve on—you said that the little boy saw Mr. Witness. Yes—the little boy saw you, and so did I—I saw you put the comb up your sleeve, and then give it to the other man.

Prisoner. Why did you not stop me in the shop?—you put them down, and said they were 4d. each, and I said, "Is that the lowest?" and you said 3s. a dozen; I said I had not got money enough; and then, when I came to the man, I gave him the half-crown, and he said, "Why did you not bring half-a-dozen?.





WALTER PRENDERGAST
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody—Skitter charged him with being in the shop and stealing the comb—he swore positively that he wished God might break his neck if he had been in the shop that night, and then he said he had.




GUILTY
. * Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
