




2200. 




JOHN GLOVER
 and 




CAROLINE BLISHER, alias
 Walduck, here




 indicted for feloniously forging, on the 
14th of August, a certain will, purporting to be the last will and testament of one Martin Byrnes, with content to defraud 



William Bennett.—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same with like intent—3rd and 4th COUNTS, stating their intent to be to defraud he next of kin to the said Martin Byrnes.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM HARTREE
. I am clerk to Mr. William Bennett, carrying on at Rotherhithe. He is the sole owner of the Resolution, which left in 1834, for the South Sea voyage—in the event of the will in question being genuine, Mr. Bennett would have to pay the wages of deceased—I did not know Martin Byrnes—on the 1st of August the prisoner called at Mr. Bennett's counting-house—he saw me, and said he called to inquire about a man named Martin Byrnes, belonging to the ship Resolution—I told him the Resolution had been home several months—I referred to the book, and that Martin Byrnes had died at sea, which I told him—he then said he had been acquainted with Byrnes's father many years, and that Byrnes had lodged with him when at home, and that he had left a will with him—I said, "Bring it over, and let me look at it"—he went away, and called again on Monday or Tuesday, the 6th or 7th of August, and presented me a paper, purporting to be a will—this is the paper—(looking at it)—on Booking at it I observed a cross made to it, as the mark of Martin Byrnes—I referred to the ship articles, which are in Court, and finding Byrnes could write a tolerably good hand, without acquainting the prisoner, I asked him if Martin Byrnes could write—he said, "Yes, he could write, but had hurt his hand at the time, and therefore made his mark"—this excited my suspicion, and I told him I did not like the appearance of it—I gave him the paper back, and requested him to call again in a few days—he called again on Monday the 13th—I made a coramunication to Captain Garbutt, and obtained from him a description of Byrnes—I went with him into the counting-house and asked the prisoner to describe Byrnes before that gentleman—he said he was a shortish man, rather r stout, and fullish-featured—I told him he could not receive the property without administering, and asked if he had any proctor—I wrote Messrs. Jenner's address, in Doctors' Commons, and asked him to meet me there at eleven o'clock—I asked him if he knew the attesting witnesses—he said one was living—he knew one of them—I said, "Bring that witness with

you, and if it is right you can administer"—I returned the will to him—he had told me he lived at No. 22, Charlotte-street, Whitechapel-road—he gave me that address, and it was also in the body of the will—I wrote it down the second time he came, before I went to Doctors' Commons—I went to the address he gave on the morning of the 14th, and found it a very respectable public-house, but no such person was known—I did not find him there at all—I went and saw Lea the officer, and went with him to Mr. Jenners', at Doctors' Commons—I waited there probably twenty minutes, and then the two prisoners came in—we were in a private room—Mr. Jenner's clerk brought the female prisoner into the room, and I asked her what she knew about the male prisoner—she said she had known him some time, and formerly did needle-work for his wife—I asked her respecting the signature of the attesting witness, which she said was her writing—I said, "Here is a curious letter, you have made of K in King-street—she said, "I never could make a K in my life"—but with regard to Byrnes, she said, he had hurt his hand, and therefore made the mark—Lea asked her many questions, he then left the room, and in about five minutes called me the passage—Glover was not present, but from what Lea said, I went Glover into the room where he was, and said to him, "I am now satisfied you are wrong, I have been to No. 22, Charlotte-street, and can find no such person known, but perhaps you will go with us to Charlotte-street, and point out the house where you live"—he said he had no objection—I put the will into my pocket, and afterwards gave it to Lea—we took a coach and went into Charlotte-street—he took us to No. 50—I said, "How is this you told me No. 22?"—he said, "Good G—! how could I make such a mistake? the numbers must have been altered"—a person came to the door who said they had occupied the house two years, and that Glover did not lived there—after a great deal of trouble, we found he lived in Great St. Helened—but before that we went to No. 109, Pennington-street, and found he was not known there—he had told Lea he lived there.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You did not know Michael Byrnes at all, and could not tell whether he could write or not, yourself? A. Certainly not—I referred merely to the articles—I believe Mr. Bennett is not here, he resides at Farringdon, in Berkshire—I told Glover the second time he came, that I did not like the appearance of it—(he came about a week after)—he brought the will with him on each occasion, and I gave it back to him—there was 33l. due to Byrnes for his service in the ship—I do not know whether he had any relations.





JOHN CLARKE SPENCE
. I superintend the shipping of Mr. William Bennett—here are the articles of the ship Resolution— I know nothing of Martin Byrnes, except when he was shipped, I saw him sign his name to the articles—I witnessed it.





THOMAS GARBUTT
. I am master of the ship Resolution, South Seawhaler—Mr. William Bennett is the sole owner—I sailed in heron the last voyage the 2nd of June, 1834—Martin Byrnes was one of the crew—he continued on board until the 11th of June, 1837, and then died—he was buried in the usual way at sea—I came back to this country on the 25th of February last, and immediately saw Mr. Hartree at Mr. Bennet's office—I saw Glover there on the 13th of August, in the presence of Hartree—I heard Hartree ask him to describe the deceased, which he did—I had received information from Hartree about the will a few minutes before—Glover described Byrnes as rather shortish, full-faced, and thick-set—I

then asked him, "Do you know what countryman the deceased was?"—the said he was an Irishman—I asked him if he knew what part of Ireland—he said Kilkenny—I told him he had not described the deceased right—he said nothing to that—I said Martin Byrnes was rather a tallish man, and thin-faced, and stood from five feet six to five feet seven—he made no answer—he by no means answered the description the prisoner gave of him—he had a hatchet-face.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you first know Byrnes? A. The day he entered on board, the 2nd of June.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Did you go the voyage? A. Yes—here is the logbook—the chief mate kept it, under my directions—I see what he writes in it from time to time, and generally see that he puts in what is right—this entry of the death of Byrnes is the mate's writing—it is a true entry—it was not made in my presence, nor from information given by me—it is the occurrences of the day.

COURT. Q. How soon after the death did you see the entry in the book? A. I cannot say that I looked at the book for some time after—I Book at the log according to occurrences—it was entered by the chief mate at twelve o'clock next day, when he writes the log up—I know it is a faithfulentry—I have not the least doubt of it.

MR. JONES. Q. Did you see the man when he was dead? A. Yes—we did not remain at sea from the time Byrnes was shipped at Gravesend till he died—we put into different harbors—we were abroad during the whole time—it was on the 13th I saw Glover—he went away then, and the clerk told him to meet him next day, at the proctor's—Byrnes was not in an ill state of health long before he died—he died in a few days from being taken ill.
(The will was here read, bequeathing his effects and wages to John Glover, land appointing him sole executor, witnessed by Thomas Wright and Caroline Blither, of No. 18, King Edward-street, Mile-end.) JAMES LEA. I am a constable, of Lambeth-street On the 14th of August, I went with Mr. Hartree to Mr. Jenner's—the prisoners came there—I called the female into a room, where I was sitting with Mr. Hartree, and asked her what she was—she said she was a widow, and lived at No. 18, King Edward-street, Mile-end New-town—I asked her what her husband was—she said he had been a bricklayer—I asked what she knew of John Glover—she said she had known him many years—she was in the habit of working there at times when his wife was alive, but bad not worked for him for the last two years—I asked her how many rooms there were in Glover's house—she said there might be six or eight, and it was in Charlotte-street, Whitechapel—I asked if he let it out in lodgings—she said, "Yes"—I asked what description of lodgers—she said sailors, and she did jobs for them when they came from sea—I asked if she was sent for to sign that will—she said no, she was at work there at the time—I asked her to describe Martin Byrnes—she said it was so long ago she could not recollect—I then went into the office where Glover was, and asked where he lived—he—he said, at No. 109, Pennington-street, Ratcliffe-highway, and that he was tailor—I afterwards went there, but nobody knew such a name—I asked him what he knew about Mrs. Blisher—he said he had known her a great many years, she was in the habit of coming to work at his house as a tailoress, that he known Martin Byrnes many years, and he always lodged with him when he came on shore, and he knew his father also—Hartree

said, "Why, you have given a wrong address; I have been to No. 22, Charlotte-street, Whitechapel, and I could not find such a name there; have you any objection to go with us to she us the house?" and we all went in a coach—he took us to No. 50, but we found no such person as Glover lived there at the time—he looked up at the house, and said the number must have been altered—I asked him, in the coach, what he knew of Wright, the other subscribing witness—he said he knew him very well, that he had left London, and gone to America two years ago—I afterwards went to the Three Crowns, in East Smithfield, and found Glover's son was lodging there—I found he himself lived at No. 26, St. Helen's the son told me so—I have not heard from the prisoner himself that he lived there—I went to St. Helen's—I went to where Blisher said she lived, and found she did not live there—I found her sister lived there, with a man named Bardell—I found, in Glover's room, a red book, and three tickets, in the name of Walduck.

Cross-examined. Q. What became of the woman, while you went to the lodging of Glover, as you thought? A. She was in the coach with us.





EDWARD SKSET
. I live in Bluegate-fields, Shad well. In 1834 I lived in New Gravel-lane, Shad well—I knew Martin Byrnes, he came home in April, 1834, and lodged at my house until the 1st of June, when he went with the Resolution—I went down to the ship with him—when he came to me on the 6th of April he came from the Lady Meloille from China—I fetched him home from the ship myself with other lodgers—she was an East Indiaman just arrived.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know that? A. People lodging with me went out in her and came home in her—I was on board as soon as she arrived.

MR. RYLAND. Q. From the 6th of April till the 1st of June did he ever leave your lodging? A. He was never away twenty-four hours—he always slept at home.

MR. JONES. Q. Do you mean to swear he never slept away from your house a single night? A. I will swear he was not away twentyfour hours—he might be out one night, but I did not lose sight of him for twenty-four hours.





THOMAS PARKS
. I was with Cooper on board the Resolution on her last voyage—I knew the deceased Byrnes, and know he could write—I have seen him write—I should not be able to speak to his hand-writing—I never knew him make a mark for his signature—in 1834 I belonged to the Eclipse South Sea whaler—Byrnes then belonged to the Lady Melville East Indiaman—I saw him on shore at St. Helena, in February, 1834—it was then I first became acquainted with him—the vessel was on her voyage home then.





HENRY PETER ROW
. I am a mariner. In February, 1833, I went out in the Lady Melville— we sailed from Gravesend for Bombay and China—I am sure of the year—I knew the deceased, but not by the name of Martin Byrnes—we used to call him Paddy Byrnes on board the ship, because he was of Irish descent—I never knew his right name—he was about twenty years old—not quite so stout as me, and about five feet seven—his face was not altogether fat—he might hare a little fat about him—he was much about the same size as myself—we touched at St. Helena in our passage home.

COURT. Q. Can you tell us where he was in November, 1833? A.


At Christmas, 1833, he was at Rio-bars, in the East India Straits—he was not in England in November, 1833—I came home with him and lodged in the same house with him, at Skeet's—I never lost sight of him during the whole voyage.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you still a seaman? A. No, I have not been to sea since—there was nothing extraordinary in Paddy Byrnes—his was always a very quiet, steady man—I lodged with him at Skeet's for months—I work in the Docks now—I have nothing but my memory to fix the date, but I know the time we arrived very well—I am quite sure the date is correct—William Drake was on board with me.





WILLIAM DRAKE
. I am a labourer, and live in Fortunate-place, Bluegate-fields—I went a voyage in the Lady Melville to the East Indies—she started in January, 1833, from Gravesend for Bombay—I am quite clear about that—I went in her and returned in her—Martin Byrnes was on board and returned with her in April the following year—we called him Paddy Byrnes for a nick name.





EDWARD SKEET
 (re-examined,) I knew him by the name of Martin Byrnes—I have heard him called Paddy Byrnes by his shipmates, Row and others—I have his name entered in my book as Martin Byrnes, which was the name he gave me—I have entered here the day he came home.





ELIZABETH WEBB
. I am a widow, and live in Parr place, Islington. I am proprietor of the house, No. 50, Charlotte-street, White chapel, and have been so since 1814—neither of the prisoners were ever tenants of that house.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you had a tenant in it of the name of Glover? A. Yes, who I believe to be the prisoner's son—I do not know the prisoner at all.





JOHN HARDHAM WAPLE
. I am clerk to Messrs. Jenner and Co., of Dean's-court, Doctors' Commons. When the will was produced there, I asked Blisher, in the presence of Mr. Hartree and Lea, about it—she said that was her signature, pointing to the signature, "Caroline Blisher, King Edward-street, Mile-end"—it was brought to our office, to be proved by the prisoner Glover.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Glover produce the will to you? A. He did.

COURT. Q. What did the woman say? A. She said that it was her signature to it—I did not ask here where it was executed.





THOMAS BARDELL
. I am a basket-maker, and live at No. 18, King Edward-street, Mile-end. I know the female prisoner—I have seen her several times—she was in the habit of coming to my house once a week or once a fortnight—I also know Glover"—as far as I understand, they are father and daughter—she never lived in my house—I have lived there nearly two years—she has not lived there during that time.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure you have not lived there longer than two years? A. Yes—I do not know an Edward-street in that neighbourhood, but I know very little about the names of the streets—I lived in Lamb-alley City, before that.

GLOVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 67.—


Transported for Seven Years.

BLISHER—


GUILTY
. Aged 42.—



Confined Two Years.
