





2226. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, 1 tobacco-box, value 6d., and 1 shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John Wiggett 
                     Chapman
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WIGGETT CHAPMAN
               



            . I live in Nevill's-court, Fetter-lane


 - the prisoner lodged in the same room with me - I understand he is a law-writer
. Last Monday I lost two duplicates, and on Tuesday a purse, and tobacco-box; I was not intimate with the prisoner; he never used my tobacco-box.


                  WILLIAM 
                  VEREBAY
               



            . I keep the house; Chapman complained of losing his things, and on Friday night I marked a shilling and sixpence belonging to him, and gave it to him - he put it into his waistcoat pocket; I marked it with a punch. which I mark my work with - I bored a hole through the waistcoat to watch, and saw the prisoner take the money out of the prosecutor's waistcoat pocket, which laid on the bed; and next morning I saw the officer take a tobacco-box from the prisoner's pocket.
Prisoner. Q. What size was the hole? A. Large enough to see all over the room.


                  THOMAS 
                  PROTHERO
               



             (City-officer No. 61). I was applied to last Saturday morning, and searched the prisoner; I took a shilling marked with a V out of his pocket, and in his coat-pocket found a tobacco-box - he said, "I hope you will forgive me;" I said I had nothing to do with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  VEREBAY
               



            . This is the shilling I marked - here is the punch.
JOHN WIGGETT CHAPMAN. This is my tobacco-box.
Prisoner's Defence. The witness says he saw me take the shilling through the hole, which I solemnly declare, before God, I did not: and I know the nature of an oath too well to perjure myself - I picked the shilling up, and took the tobacco-box off the shelf, believing it belonged to Jones, with whom I lodged.


                  WILLIAM 
                  VEREBAY
               



            . I saw him take a sixpence first and put it back again; he then finished dressing himself, took the shilling, and came down stairs immediately.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
