





Before Mr. Recorder.
1071. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     RALF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 1st of April
, 2 sovereigns and 6 half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           German
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GERMAN
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Ranson, a baker, in the Minories. On the 1st of April, between seven and eight o'clock, I went into a public-house at the corner of Crispin-street, Spitalfields


, and had in my left-hand waistcoat pocket two sovereigns and six half-crowns- I was sitting in a box with my head on the table, and fell asleep; I was not intoxicated - the prisoner, who I have known four years, went with me to the house; he was standing up when I fell asleep; he was close to the fire, not within reach of my pocket - I was awoke, and directly missed my money; he was then gone; I saw him in custody in about twenty minutes - he said he had got plenty of money, and produced two sovereigns, three half-crowns, a penny and a farthing, which he said were his own, and he could produce 10l. if it was wanted - he told me that morning that he had no money - he borrowed 6d. of me, and gave a duplicate as security for it.


                  JOHN 
                  MADGE
               



            . I am a baker, and live in Petticoat-lane - I know the prosecutor and prisoner. I saw them both at the public-house; I went in after them; the prosecutor laid asleep, with his head on the table - the prisoner was standing by the fire, smoking his pipe, about two or three feet from German; nobody else was in the room; I did not see the prisoner do any thing - he left three or four minutes after I came in; we both left together - I returned directly, having heard something at the bar, and awoke the prosecutor, who complained of losing his money in about five minutes - the prisoner was out of work then, and had been so for some time.


                  HANNAH 
                  HARNETT
               



            . I am servant at the public-house. The prosecutor and prisoner came in together; there was nobody else in the room; the prosecutor would not take any thing, but laid his head on the table, and went to sleep - the prisoner called for a pint of ale, and sat down by him; in about five minutes Madge came in;they both went outside the door; I saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's left-hand waistcoat pocket twice, and the second time I told master of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner in charge; he produced two sovereigns, three half-crowns, a penny, and a halfpenny, and said he could prove where he had changed a sovereign that morning - before I heard of the robbery I saw him running up Red Lion-street; that was at a quarter to eight o'clock; the prosecutor informed me of the robbery - I went and found him.


                  JOHN 
                  BURROUGH
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Savage, and took the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into a coffee-shop - the prosecutor came in, and six or seven females in his company; the prosecutor took me to the public-house to have some gin - we had three or four half-pints, and five or six pints of ale; we returned to the coffee-shop, and then went to this house; he fell asleep - I went out, and talked to Madge at the door for two or three minutes; they knew I had money.


                  JOHN 
                  MADGE
               



            . I have not known him possessed of money lately.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
