





1590. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SPENCER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Elphinstone 
                           Maclagan
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELPHINSTONE MACLAGAN
               



            . I live in theHampstead-road, and hold an office under the East India Company
. On the 4th of August, about one o'clock, I was on Old London-bridge


, crossing to the Surrey side; Bowler, the officer, came and asked if I had lost any thing - I felt and missed my handkerchief, which was safe a few minutes before; he had the prisoner in custody at the time - on looking round I saw my handkerchief laying at the prisoner's feet, between his legs.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BOWLER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 4th of August I saw the prisoner on the bridge; it was the first day of oysters - the bridge was crowded with carts: on looking round I saw the prisoner lift up the prosecutor's coat tail; I caught hold of the gentleman, and asked if he had been robbed - he said No; I said," You had better feel," which he did, and missed his handkerchief; on turning round I saw it at the prisoner's feet - I do not think any body was near enough to take it but him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He never saw me lift the coat-tail up - I had been into the City to took for work; the officer came up, put his hand on my shoulder, and asked if he had lost any thing - he took the handkerchief off the ground; there were plenty of people passing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
