




899. 




CHARLES BENSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 13th of February, 2 sovereigns, the monies of 



Cuthbert Woodcock.—2nd Court stating them to be the monies of 



Thomas Tunstall Wood.






THOMAS TUNSTALL WOOD
. I am an apprentice of Mr. Cuthbert Wood. cock, of Berdmondsey, a tanner. The prisoner was working there—I had charge of the petty cash-book, and missed cash from time to time—on Saturday night, the 11th of February, I marked five sovereigns and one half-sovereign, and locked them in an iron chest, in the counting-house—on the Monday morning I found it as I left it—I then locked it in a desk and put the key into a drawer in the counting-house, where we are in the habit of keeping it—this was about half-past seven o'clock, and about eight o'clock I went to the desk, and missed two sovereigns that I had marked—the desk was locked as before—I went and told the witness Hill—he called the prisoner into the counting-house, and told him he bad taken some money—he denied it—Hill said, "Charles, you had better own to it, we are sure you have taken it, you have taken two sovereigns"—he still denied it—Hill said he would fetch a policeman—he went away, but soon returned, and wanted him to own it; but he still denied it—Hill then produced the two sovereigns, and said he had found them over a beam where his jacket hung—the prisoner then said that was all he had taken.

Prisoner. I never said such a word—I went to sweep out the counting-house, and went for a scuttle of coals—and as I turned out, he called me back and said, "Where is that money you have taken?"—I said, I had taken no money—he called in Mr. Hill, and he asked me—I said, I had not taken any—he told me I had better say it was me, and master would not do any thing to me—several more persons went into the counting-house besides me. Witness. Yes, they had the opportunity of going in there, but not in that half hour—it was the prisoner's business to be there at that time—I know of no one else being there then.





BENJAMIN HILL
. I work for Mr. Woodcock. On the 13th of February I was passing by the counting-house, about eight o'clock, Wood called me, and said, "We have lost some more money out of the petty cash"—I said, "Are you sure?" he said, "Yes, two sovereigns, and they are marked"—I said, "Where is Charles?"—he said he was gone up into the yard—I was going round, and came back, and Wood had called him, and he had been to the place where his jacket hung—I came by the counting-house, and Wood called me—I said, "You had better acknowledge it, and Mr. Wood cock will treat it in a different light"—he denied it—I went down to the place where his jacket hung—I had it searched, and there was nothing there—I then put my hand up and took these two sovereigns from the beam, wrapped in this bit of cloth—I went to the counting-house, and said, "How can you deny it, here is the money, and both of them are marked"—I said "We believe you took the last three sovereigns that were missed"—his reply to me was, over and over again, that he bad never taken but these two sovereigns—I had said Mr. Woodcock would look at it in a different light.

Prisoner. My brother was working there, and he called him to search my jacket, and when he found nothing, Hill pulled the two sovereigns out of his pocket, and showed them to my brother—that is all that I know there was nothing that I know of on the beam—I never said that I had never taken any but these.

COURT
to Witness. Q. How came you to put your hand on the beam? A. It is a place where they often put their things, and I thought it might be there—I still say that he said he had never stolen any but these two—when I asked him about the other money, he was asked how he knew where to

get the key of the desk—he said be could not tell, but he took it out of the small drawer.





THOMAS TUNSTALL WOOD
 (re-examined.) I heard him say that.

Prisoner. Wood was not there. Witness. Yes I was—and asked him in Hill's presence, and he said he took it out of the small drawer.

Prisoner. There was a lad about my own size in the counting-house while I went to get the coals—I have worked for Mr. Woodcock seventeen or eighteen months, and never was accused of such a thing before—I have been entrusted with money and paying of bills.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
