



497. 




MARY AYRES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of January, 1 bag, value 6d.; and 33 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 




Jonathan Laurence from his person.






JONATHAN LAURENCE
. I am a gingerbread baker and confectioner, and travel about to the fairs. On the 27th of January I met the prisoner at the corner of Fleet-street, about nine o'clock in the evening, and remained with her till about twelve o'clock—I was quite sober—she spoke to me first—we walked as far as Temple-bar, and back again, and then to Gloucester-street, Tower-street—we went into a bed-room together—I gave her about 2s. 6d.—we were on the bed together—before I went on the bed, I had thirty-three sovereigns in a bag in my left hand trowsers pocket—we were on the bed for five or ten minutes, and before I got up I missed my money—my pocket was buttoned, and I had my hand in it—the light was nearly extinguished—I accused her of taking it while I was on the bed—there was not another soul in the room but her and me—she denied it—I knocked for the landlady to bring another light—another female and the landlady came into the room—I still held the Prisoner, and kept charging her with robbing me—she still denied it, and while I was holding her she dropped four sovereigns from her cloak, and five more and

the bag—a policeman was called, and he said, "Let her go, my good man, I will do what I can"—he took five sovereigns out of each of her hands—the had got her hand into my pocket while I was on the bed—I had twenty sovereigns in one piece of paper, and thirteen in another, all put into the bag, which was tied round with a piece of dirty ribbon five or six times.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You walked a long way with her? A. Yes—I certainly went with her or I should not have lost my money—I gave her a glass of rum, about nine o'clock, at the corner of Backfire's-bridge, and just before twelve o'clock we had another glass—I was in her company from nine o'clock till twelve o'clock—we went into two public-house.

Q. Did what you gave her to drink, affect her at all? A. No; she was perfectly sober, as sober as I was—I was quite sensible—my wife is dead, and I am a single man—I gave the prisoner two glasses of rum—I swear I did not give her any more.





CHARLES HITCHES
. I am a policeman. About half past twelve o'clock I was sent for to the hole, and found the prisoner and prosecutor there—be accused her of robbing him—she said she had not any thing about her—I searched her, and found five sovereigns in each band—she then said the was very sorry for what she had done, and hoped he would forgive her—she was sober.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.
