





520. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COOKSLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, 4 table-cloths, value 3l.; 29 napkins, value 7l.; 6 shirts, value 3l.; 8 shifts, value 30s.; 7 caps, value 8s.; 2 pairs of drawers, value 12s.; 3 waistcoats, value 30s.; 10 pairs of stockings, value 17s.; 30 handkerchiefs, value 6l.; 7 cravats, value 10s.; 7 collars, value 14s.; 2 pairs of gloves, value 4s.; 9 bed-gowns, value 30s.; 12 petticoats, value 2l.; 16 pinafores, value 2l.; 4 pairs of stays, value 6s., and 2 toilette-covers, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Connop
                  



               
            .
2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Farmer
                  



               
            .
3rd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jull
                  



               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a City officer. On Saturday, the 8th of January, about five o'clock in the evening, I was in the City-road; I observed several persons following a cart - I followed them across Finsbury-square on to Union-street, and down Bethnal-green-road


; when we got near the Salmon and Ball public-house, I observed a white bundle laying in the road, and the cart was just going from it to go on - it laid there for the space of half a minute, and a man took it up, and carried it to the corner of Paradise-place, out of the road - he pitched it up against the rails; I went on, and as I passed I lost sight of the bundle; I then turned round again, and when I turned, the prisoner had, this bundle on his shoulder - I followed him for thirty or forty yards on to Camden-walk; he was in the act of turning down, when I said to him."What have you got there?" he said,"Dirty linen;" I asked where he was going with it; he said, "To Mr. Hand, the broker, in Mile-end-road, or Mile-end-gate" - I took him into a new beer shop, and asked from whom he had received it; he said he had just received it from his mother - I then took him into custody; I think I had watched the cart for three miles; I believe there were five persons who went to the tail of the cart several times - I cannot say that I saw the prisoner.


                  MARY 
                  ANN KING
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Connop
               



             - he was sending this dirty linen to our laundress, Mrs. Farmer; I packed up the bundle on the 8th of January, and gave it to Sarah Kemp; it contained the articles stated - they were my master's property; Kemp took away the bundle in a cart.


                  SARAH 
                  KEMP
               



            . I work for Mrs. Farmer - she washes for Mr. Connop; I received the bundle, and gave it to the young man, who put it into the back part of the cart, and he drove; I sat in the front of the cart - I had seen the parcel put in safe and secure; I missed it when we got by the Jew's chapel in Cambridge-heath-road -I saw it afterwards in possession of the officer.


                  HARRIET 
                  FARMER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Farmer
               



             - I wash for Mr. Connop.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from Dog-row, and saw something in the road; I took it up - the officer came and asked what I had there; I told him dirty linen, and I was going to take it to my mother to hear if there was any advertisement for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
