





Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
600. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of January
, 1 silver spoon, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Crafer
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a watchmaker, and live in Hackney-road. On the 27th of January the prisoner came and offered a silver spoon for sale; I saw it was bent, and thought it was not right - she said her mother sent her to sell it, and she had had it in the drawer for a long time - that her mother lived in Union-buildings; I said I wouldgo to her mother - I went with her, and she took me to the corner of Crabtree-row - she then said she would take me to her mistress', which was only a few doors down; I went with her a considerable distance, and asked her how far it was - she said not much further: we still went on, she saying it was not much further, till we got to Bethnal-green-road - I then said I would take her to the station; she fought and bit me very much - a crowd collected, and she again said it was not much further; she then took me to Hope-town - I again asked where she was going; she said, "Up to the top, and round to the left;" I then took her to the station.


                  REBECCA 
                  CRAFER
               



            . I am the wife of Henry Crafer - the prisoner was in the habit of coming to nurse a lodger's child. On the 17th of January I washed this spoon; I did not miss it till the prisoner's mother and the officer brought it to me the next day.


                  CHARLES 
                  GRANT
               



            . I am a Policeman; I received the prisoner in charge, with this spoon from Mr. Carter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
