





301. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HORNSEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 1 sovereign, 4 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Ebenezer 
                     Spencer
                  




               
            .
EBENEZER SPENCER. I live in Catherine-street, Commercial-road


, and am a willow-manufacturer
 - the prisoner came into my employ on the 7th of December; I was to pay him 1s. 6d. a dozen for what he did. On the 10th of December I took some money out of the bureau in my parlour, and left in it, one sovereign, four half-crowns, seven shillings, one sixpence, and four penny-pieces; I locked the room door, but cannot be positive whether I locked the bureau - I left the key in the room door on the outside - the prisoner worked in the adjoining room; I then had occasion to go to my work-shop - I returned in five or six minutes; I saw the parlour door ajar - I went into the back room where the prisoner had been working, and he was gone; I went to the bureau, and all the money was gone but the four penny-pieces - the parlour door opens into the passage; the prisoner did not return to work, but I found him eight days afterwards at the sign of the Virginia Planter, near Hackney-road - there were 3s. due to him when he left me; he was dressed much better than while he was with me - there was one man at work in my shop, and one man and a lad at work in my kitchen; no one could have got into the parlour but the prisoner; the street door was on the single lock, with the key inside - I have not found any of my money.


                  SARAH 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor. I was with him when he counted this money in the bureau, and I had paid the prisoner 3s. 6d. from the same bureauthe day before - I went to the shop with my husband, and no one could have gone to the parlour without our seeing them - we could see the street door, but I did not see the prisoner go out; if any one but the prisoner had gone, I think I should have observed them.
Prisoner. When they were in the shop their door was shut, and the passage door was shut - there was a man and a boy in the passage, and nothing to prevent their coming up as well as I. Witness. No, there was not any thing to prevent them, but we should have heard them, as they must have opened a door, which makes a noise.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody.
Prisoner's Defence. When I first went to the prosecutor's he agreed for me to go on the Tuesday; I had before been sweeping the roads for 1s. a day - the prosecutor went, bought a loom, and got me to put it up, that took Tuesday and Wednesday; I then said the harness would not do, and my mistress gave me 3s. 6d. to buy one; I went, and bought it - I saw a bill that there was a public-house boy wanted, and went to inquire about it, with the harness under my arm; I took the harness home, then went, and took the place at the public-house - I was there till they took me.
EBENEZER SEPNCER. He had taken a place at the Virginia Planter; he had had the money from my wife to get the harness, and he brought it home - I had lent him a coat while he was with me, as he was so distressed - he told me he could do from seven to nine dozens of willow a week, at 1s. 6d. a dozen, and out of that he would have to pay 2s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
