



100. 




MARGARET WALTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of November, 1 smock frock, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



John Sturgess, from his person.







JOHN STURGESS
. I am a seaman. I was out of employ on Tuesday morning, the 4th of November—I went into the White Swan public-house, Ratcliffe-highway, to look for a person, about nine o'clock in the morning—I was quite sober—I had drank a little over-night, but had been to bed; and I was rather sick in the morning—I had a smock-frock in my bosom, which the prisoner took—I never saw her before—I asked her if she knew a person who had robbed me the night before—she took me out to find her—I was leaning my head over the fire-place—she snatched the smock-frock out of my bosom, and ran away with it—I lost her; but found her again in a public-house, and asked her for the frock—she said she had pawned it, and would not give me the ticket—I got a policeman, and gave charge of her—I had taken no liberties with her.

Prisoner. Q. Why did you go home to my place? A. You said you would find the person I was looking for—I asked you if you knew the person I wanted—You said, "Yes, come with me"—you took me to this house.





RICHARD CARPENTER
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a smock-frock which was pawned by the prisoner on the 4th of November.





JOHN NICHOLAS
. I am a policeman. The prosecutor gave the prisoner into my charge, and asked her for the duplicate or frock—she refused to give him either—she said she had left the ticket at home.

Prisoner's Defence. He was sitting with the frock under his arm—he treated me with gin—I was coming away—he called after me, and said, "Will you let me go home with you?" "You have got no money," said I—he said, "No; but I have an article I can pawn in the course of the day"—he laid on the bed, and got sick, in my room—I went out and pawned the article after being with him, and as I came back with the money, he met me with the policeman.





JOHN STURGESS
. I did not treat her with any thing—I did not lay on her bed.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
