





627. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     STOCK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January
, 1 clock, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Carter
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and live in Tooley-street


. On the 25th of January, about noon. I gave the prisoner, who was in my service, a clock to take to Mr. Allingham, Bermondsey New-road - he returned much later than I expected; I said he had been a long time - he said he had a little business of his own, which had detained him; about a week after the person called to know why the clock was not sent - the prisoner was still in my service; I called him, and he said he had taken it to his own home - he lives in Clerkenwell; I disputed that - I called at his house next morning, and could not find it; he did not abscond - I found it in pawn.
Prisoner. The clock never was fit to go home till I repaired it at home. Witness. It had gone well for a fortnight - he was only my journeyman
, and earned 15s. or 20s; a week with me, but I understood he worked for other people.


                  LEONARD 
                  CLARE MATTHEWS
               



            . I have a clock, which was pawned at my house on the 25th of January, for 25s. - I did not take it in; the person who did has left me - it was pawned in the name of John Burkit, No. 6, St. John's-square - I have known the prisoner some years, going by the name of Burkit - he lived at No. 6, St. John-square.


                  THOMAS 
                  LALLY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I apprehended the prisoner yesterday fortnight in Old-street, and told him it was for pawning two clocks of the prosecutor's; he gave no answer.
WILLIAM CLEMENTS. I am an officer. I was at the watch-house when the prisoner was brought in - I found a parcel of duplicates on him, and one for this clock among them.
MR. MATTHEWS. This is the counterpart of the duplicate for this clock.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Carter did not request me to take the clock home that day - it was not in a proper state to take to the owner till properly repaired; I took it home for that purpose - Mr. Carter was holding my wages in his hands, and only paid me yesterday; as to my earning 15s. a week, I was in his employ from August, and all I have received from him was 5l. - I received the principal part of that yesterday at the Police-office; I desired his man to ask him for a sovereign, and he would not give it to me.
JOHN CARTER. He asked me for 10s. on Saturday night, and I gave him a sovereign - I did not know what I was indebted to him; I repeatedly requested his account, and never could get it from him; whatever he asked me for, he always had.



               GUILTY
            . 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
