





1270. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     COLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of January
, 2 purses, value 5s. 6d.; 4 half-crowns, and 8 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Talbott
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .
ELIZA TALBOTT. I am single
. I was walking along Whitechapel, on the 23rd of January, and when I got to the corner of Goulston-street


, I was prevented from crossing by six or seven men, one of whom was the prisoner - (two of the persons have been tried and found guilty) - I have no doubt the prisoner was one of the persons - every time I attempted to cross, I was pushed back beyond the curb - one of the former prisoners, who was named Gandy, said, "Ladies, move on, you are a long time passing;" there was then an opening made, and I passed on - somebody then cried out, "Somebody has been robbed, stop thief!" I then looked at this bag which I had in my hand, and I found it had been cut open and two purses taken out; there were four half-crowns, and eight shillings in one purse, and some silver in the other - I have never seen the purses or money since; I am sure the prisoner was one of the persons.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. What time was it? A. Twelve o'clock in the day, as near as possible; I was not much flurried; I never saw the prisoner again, till he was at the Police-office on the 6th of August; I can swear he was one of them - the transaction might last three or four minutes - I have sworn to two other persons before - a lady was with me but she is not here now - I had had both the purses in my possession the whole day - I have never said I should not have known the prisoner if I had seen him - I swear I did not say I should not have known him if I had not seen him with a policeman - I swear he was one of them.


                  CHARLES 
                  BAKER
               



            . I was at the warehouse of my employer on the day stated - I ran out and took another man into custody - the prisoner came running up the street; he struck me three times on the side of the head, and tried to rescue the other man - I can swear the prisoner is the person - he said, "B - r your eyes, let him go, or I will knock your head off;" I then saw Gandy pass the purses to Atkins.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen the prisoner between January and August last? A. Yes; once or twice, but I had a parcel of butter on my head, and he was along with several others - there were other people about but no policeman - the prisoner knew me, and he got out of my sight before I could get my butter down - I give evidence at the trial of Atkins - I did not say that he knocked me down, but he struck me and so did the prisoner.
COURT. Q. Are you correct in swearing that the prisoner struck you? A. Yes - he picked up Gandy's hat and struck me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAVAGE
               



             (police-constable H 50). I was in Whitechapel on the day stated; I saw the prisoner and five others at a quarter before twelve o'clock - I knew the prisoner perfectly well, and so I did Gandy and Atkins - they were all going towards the city - I believe they saw me - I saw the prisoner and Atkins about three days after- the prisoner ran off, and we took Atkins; I have a letter which the prosecutrix has received.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN CONNERLY
               



            . I am a police-constable. I was with Savage on the third day after the 23rd of January, when we took Atkins, the prisoner was with him, but he ran away - I saw the prisoner again in a public-house in White chapel on the 3rd or 4th of August; when I entered into the tap-room he was sitting on the table; I said to him,"Harry, how are you," he asked, if I would have anything to drink, I said I did not drink so soon in the morning - I then tapped him on the shoulder, and said, I wanted him, he said, "For what?" I said, "for Billy odd legs and 
               
                  Nick 
                  Gandy
               



            ;" he said, if I would let him go he would give me a sovereign; I said, I did not do business in that way - I then got him outside the door- I took him by the cuff of his left sleeve - we came a little distance, he then gave a sudden jerk, got from me and ran a few steps across the road; I ran and caught the tail of his coat; I then took him by the other sleeve, as he had torn the sleeve I had hold of, in getting from me - I then got him some distance further, when he threw me down, and had a great struggle with me, but I secured him.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent, and wish that letter read, which I sent to the prosecutrix (letter read).
"Madam - I feel great regret that you should have been so much deceived in the identity, of the persons who were concerned in robbing of you; I assure you most solemnly, I had no connection, neither did I know any of them. I beg you to consider ere it is too late, the great responsibility that devolves on you - time may bring to light those who were concerned in it, which will prove me to be entirely innocent; consider what then will be your feelings, when you reflect, you have been the means of depriving an innocent person of his liberty for ever - I have a beloved father who is sinking fast into the grave, could you wish to deprive him of his sole stay and support? as I am confident the loss of me would soon finish his days, besides it would plunge a family who have hitherto been without stain or blemish in their character, into the deepest distress and anguish of mind - sisters who are looking up to me for that protection which females always require - indeed you cannot picture to yourself the misery and distress you may cause. I beg and entreat you to consider if you may not be mistaken, many resemble one another, and it is difficult then to identify a person on only seeing him once, especially in the state of mind you were labouring under at that moment - I solemnly assert my innocence before the Almighty God, and as you value your peace of mind in this world, and the salvation of your soul in the next, to pause seriously, on the consequence of falsely swearing away the dearest blessing of man - his liberty, especially situated as I am at the present moment - leaving it to your consideration. - 
               
                  HENRY 
                  COLE
               



            ."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
