





579. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PIPER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 8d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Keith, the younger




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM KEITH, jun. I live in Nassau-street, Marylebone - I was in Fleet-street


 on Friday, the 13th of March, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon - I was proceeding to cross the street - I felt a push against me - I turned round, and saw the prisoner drop my handkerchief out of his hand - I picked it up, secured him, and gave him into custody - my initials are on the handkerchief.
Cross-examined by 
               MR. PHILLIPS
            . Q. Are you sureyou saw him drop it? A. Yes; there were a great many persons passing - it was not raining at the time.


                  THOMAS 
                  BETTS
               



            . I was near the spot - I live in Kennedy-court - I saw the prisoner drop the handkerchief - the prosecutor took it up.
Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. Opposite Child's banking-house, about two yards and a half from Temple-bar - there were people passing - it did not rain.


                  CHARLES 
                  BURGESS
               



             (policeman, No. 25). I brought the handkerchief here to-day - I took the prisoner into custody from Mr. Keith's in Fleet-street.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty - I was running at the time - the handkerchief was not in my hand - I felt a push against me under Temple-bar - I was taking my clean linen home.
CHARLES BURGESS re-examined. He had a clean shirt in a handkerchief, and sixpence half-penny in money.
(
               
                  Francis 
                  Hicks
               



            , cheesemonger, Holloway; and 
               
                  James 
                  William Fouch
               



            , a book-keeper, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
