






1798. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               




             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, 1 watch, value 20s., and 2 seals, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Debarry
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  THATCHER
               



            . I saw the prisoners on the 11th of July, about one o'clock in the day, in Barlow-street, Marylebone, together, and Jones had something in his hand, which I saw him draw out of his pocket - they were standing close to each other; I went up to Jones, and asked what he had got; he said Nothing - I searched him, and found this watch, ribbon, seals, and key in his fob, not hanging out in the usual way; I took it from him, and asked if it was his - he said Yes; I asked if there was any name on it; he said No; I looked, and found there was a name on it - I took them to the office - they were nearly half a mile from the prosecutrix's; I had been in the Park at the review, and received information from an officer, whose wife lived in the prosecutrix's house.


                  ANN 
                  DEBARRY
               



            . I live in East-street, Marylebone


. This watch is mine - I lost it on Monday, the 11th of July, between half-past twelve and a quarter to one o'clock- I went out for about three minutes, and in that time I lost the watch - when I went out it was on a chest of drawers in the front parlour; I met Harris going out of my house as I went in; the street door had been left ajar, and the parlour door had the key in it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Did you ever say Jones was the person you saw coming out of the house? A. No; I had been to get some beer for my dinner, and saw a stranger come out; I turned and looked after him - I have some lodgers, but I knew he was not one of them; I do not take notice of every one who comes in or goes out - I saw him about two minutes- I looked at his face; I knew he had a light waistcoat on; he had his hat on, and I think a coloured cravat
Jones. On the second hearing the prosecutrix said she could swear I was the man that came out of the house, and when she got to the office, she swore to Harris. Witness. I never said so.
Jones' Defence. Harris asked which was the way to High-street; I was directing him, and took my watch out
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
