



2212. 




JAMES EDWARDS, alias
 Wells

, was indicted

for stealing, on the 
13th of September, 1 bolster, value 3s.; 1 blanket, value 6s.; 1 sheet, value 3s.; 1 counterpane, value 4s.; 1 candlestick, value 1s; 1 pair of snuffers value 6d.; and 1 tray, value 6d.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Parker; and 1 box, value 6s.; 1 gown, value 4s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 3 pockets, value 1s.; 3 yards of ribbon, value 1s.; 4 pairs of gloves, value 1s.; and 2 aprons, value 1s.; the goods of 



Caroline Parker: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH PARKER
. I am a widow, and live in Lower Union-place, King's-cross. On Monday, the 11th of September, the prisoner took lodging at my house, and was to pay sixpence for the night—he came down stairs in the morning, and asked for his hat—he smoked his pipe there and had breakfast—he returned in the evening, and in the morning about half-past nine o'clock came down and asked for his hat and braces—I got up and gave them to him, and not hearing him go out I went up stain, and missed a bolster, sheet, blanket, counterpane, and a variety of articles—my daughter's things are worth about 1l., and mine about 30s.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you know him before? A. No—he was brought to the house by my son-in-law—they had a little beer and supper together before he went to bed—I was not drinking with him at any time—a shirt and jacket were pawned by my daughter to get him a breakfast, as he said—it was not that we might get drunk together—we were not drinking the greatest part of the day together—not at all—not a drop of any thing—nor the day before—I totally deny it—it is not true—mine is a very respectable house—he was only to stop one night, but it was wet then, and he said he could not go on to Poplar with his things—mine is not a general lodging-house—the box in the room belongs to my daughter—it contained her wearing apparel—the box was my son-in-law's once, but I had it against some rent he owed me—he once wanted to get it away with my daughter's things in it, but I prevented him—the prisoner was quite sober.





CAROLINE PARKER
. I am the prosecutrix's daughter. She sent me after the prisoner—Mr. Smith assisted me to stop him—he had a bundle with him when I first saw him—Smith ran after him and brought him back, with a box and a bundle—the box is mine, and contained property belonging to my mother and myself.

Cross-examined. Q. Is not the box your brother's? A. It was once, hut I have had it several years—he gave it to my mother—I am single, and get my living by servitude—I left my service on the Saturday night, as this was done on the Sunday—I lived with Mrs. Wise, in Pleasant-row, Pentonville—she keeps a lodging-house—I was only a month with her—I only went a month on trial—I have been to several situations—people do not come to my mother's house from Kings Cross theatre—I pawned the prisoner's jacket and shirt, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, for 4s., to get him a breakfast—I brought him the money, and he sent me to get him some tea and sugar—we did not drink together at all—nor did my mother—we neither of us offered to marry him.





RICHARD SMITH
. I live in Suffolk-street, King's-cross. I stopped the prisoner—he had a bundle and a box with him—I asked him if he was the Person that lodged at 4 1/2 Union-place, the night before—he said, "No"—I took him back to the house, and got a constable—the box and goods are here.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A journeyman carpenter—I was not in work at the time—I had been out of work seven or eight days—I work for any one—the last person I was with was a gentleman, in

Maiden-lane, King-cross—I formerly lodged with the prosecutrix and her daughter.





DAVID CHURCHYARD
 (police-constable G 29.) I assisted in taking the prisoner—I produce the box and articles.





ELIZABETH PARKER

re-examined. This is all my property—I know them to be mine.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Are there any marks on them? A. Yes, sufficient for me to know them by—I examined them at Hatton-garden, and swear they are mine.

COURT. Q. Did you say your son-in-law wanted to carry off the things? A. The box, with my daughter's things—he came one afternoon when he was tipsy and quarrelsome, and wished to take the box away—my daughter's things were in it then—he had no right to it.





CHARLES PALMER
 (police-constable S 17) I know the prisoner—I was present when he was convicted at this place in February 1835—I have a certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person—I was a witness in the case—it was for stealing a basket and half a bushel of apples.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.
