



2266. 




THOMAS FORD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of September, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 



Thomas Gotobed, from his person.






THOMAS GOTOBED
. On the 19th of September I came from Brighton—I had my handkerchief in my breast-pocket, and on opening my coat it fell out, and I put it into my great coat pocket, at Charing-cross—I called a cab, and went to Suffolk-place East, and missed it there—it must have been taken while I was getting into the cab.


Prisoner. Q. Did you observe me near the spot? A. I cannot say that I did.





SAMUEL MATTHEWS
 (police-constable L 29.) I took the prisoner into custody, at Charing-cross, on the 19th of September, about a quarter past four o'clock in the afternoon, and in his coat pocket I found the handkerchief, which I produce—I asked him where he got it—he said it was his own, and he had had it in his possession for the last two months—he was standing by the Worthing coach—two gentlemen gave me information, that made me search him.





THOMAS GOTOBED

re-examined. I arrived about five or ten minutes after four o'clock—this is my handkerchief—it has no private mark on it, but I had one of this pattern when I came from Brighton—none of my handkerchiefs are marked—I have no doubt it is mine—it was folded up and quite clean, as this is.





SAMUEL MATTHEWS

re-examined. I referred to the Brighton coachman, and found the name of Gotobed, and then by the Court Guide, found out the prosecutor.

Prisoner. Q. When you were told to take me into custody, did I offer to resist? A. No—the people on the Worthing coach pointed out to me the way he had stolen it, in his presence—they said, as Mr. Gotobed was seating himself in the cab, he drew the handkerchief out, pretended to be using it, and then put it into his own pocket—he replied, "You know I have not got it"—the people said they should know it—I took hold of him, and took it out of his right hand pocket, and they said it was the handkerchief—all this was in his hearing—he said he had got no handkerchief more than his own.

Prisoner. I said I had no handkerchief but what belonged to me—I had three in all—the property is my own, I had had it two months previous to the charge. Witness. I found another handkerchief in his pocket—I found in his pocket a requisition to be the driver of a hackney carriage—the handkerchief has never been washed—he said at Bow-street that he bought it in Field-lane, where there are thousands to be sold.




GUILTY
.*Aged 27—


Transported for Ten Years.
