





Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
732. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William James 
                        Morris
                     




                  , on the 1st of April
, at St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 40s.; 1 half-sovereign, and 10s., his property
            .


                  SARAH 
                  SEAMAN
               



            . I live in Great Garden-street, Hackney-road


, with my son, William James Morris, in the parish of Bethnal-green; I have known the prisoner about nine years - he is a sawyer
; when he has been out of employ he has called on me. On Monday the 1st of April, between two and three o'clock, I saw him in the garden soon after three o'clock: he said a person wanted me, to take a child to nurse - he told me to go to Mrs. Robinson's house; I went, and found there was nobody at home - she lives about half a mile from me; on my return I met Mrs. Robinson, and she said she had not seen the prisoner - I returned home, and found the window had been opened; I had left it fastened, and a piece of round iron put through the casement - I had double locked the door, and found it on the single lock; I went up stairs, and found my son's box broken open, and half a sovereign taken out, also 10s., and a new black coat.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . On Monday, the 1st of April, nobody said any thing to me about a nurse child; I had not seen the prisoner that day, and sent no message by him.
GEORGE ARNOLD. I am apprentice to Mr. Hewitson, pawnbroker, Kingsland-road. I produce a black coat, which I took infrom the prisoner, on the 1st of April, about four o'clock in the afternoon, for 13s.; I said I thought it was too small for him - he said it was his son-in-law's, and that he had it to make up money for his club; I am quite sure he is the man - I live about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutrix's.
MRS. SEAMAN. It was between three and four o'clock that I set off to go to Mrs. Robinson's; I am quite sure this is my son's coat - I know it by the make of it; he never wore it - he bought it of a person who made it, and it had a fault in it: a piece was cut off, which is off here.
Prisoner. Q.Did not we live together as man and wife for three weeks? A. We never lived together.




               GUILTY of stealing the coat only
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
