



805. 




CORNELIUS NEALE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of January, 1 half-sovereign, 4 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



Thomas Henley, from his person.






THOMAS HENLEY
. I work in a factory. On the 27th of January I went to a wake—the prisoner and Catharine Bryant were there—I had not known either of them before—I had a half-sovereign, four half-crowns, and 7s. 6d. in silver loose in my waistcoat pocket—I sat close by Bryant when I went in, and the prisoner sat at the back of us—I had taken out my money, for I had the "hiccups," and Bryant said to me, "Young man, you owe me a shilling"—I said, "My good woman, I never saw you before, but if I owed you a shilling I could pay you," and I took out my money to show that I had money—after that I felt a hand at my pocket, but I fell asleep from half-past two o'clock till half-past five o'clock in the morning, and when I awoke the prisoner and Bryant were both gone—I got up, and felt that all my money was gone, and my pocket had been cut—I suspected Bryant, and had her taken—I then had the prisoner taken, and 4s. 6d. was found on him, also 51/2d., and a knife.

Prisoner. Q. Did you look at your pocket when you felt something at it? A. No—I had not the least thought that there would be a thief in such a house.





CATHERINE BRYANT
. I saw the prosecutor at the wake—I said he owed me a shilling, (which is the custom of our country people to do,) to frighten | him out of the hiccups—he then showed his money—the prisoner was sitting behind, and he was looking behind the prosecutor when he showed me his money—he then came, and sat alongside the prosecutor—then the prosecutor fell asleep across the prisoner—the prisoner was groping about the prosecutor's pockets—I was afraid to mention this at the time, there being so many people there.

Prisoner. Q. Why did not you tell the man when I did it? A. Because you had a great many friends there.





WILLIAM SLADDEN
 (police-constable K 50.) I took the prisoner about seven o'clock in the morning, on the 27th of January—I found on him 4s. 6d. in silver, 51/2d. in copper, and a knife.




GUILTY
.* Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.
