





Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet
1042. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BIRKETT
               




             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 23rd of May
, at Paddington


, feloniously did forge a certain order for the payment of money
            , the tenour of which is as follows:-
" London, 23rd of May, 1834.
Messrs, Coutts ad Co., Pay to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Temple
               



            , or bearer, 11l. 1s. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRISON
               



            "
- with intent to defraud 
               
                  William 
                  Bird
               




            , against the Statute.
2nd COUNT. For feloniously uttering the like forged order for the payment of money, well knowing the same to be forged, with the like intent.
3rd COUNT. Like the second, only omitting to set out the forged instrument.
WILLIAM BIRD. I am a tailor
, and live on Brook-green, Hammersmith. I know Mr. Temple, of Blomfield-street, City, and I knew the prisoner as Mr. Temple's clerk
 - I had seen him once or twice before on Mr. Temple's business - on the 27th of May, he came to my house about four o'clock in the afternoon, and spoke about some business of Mr. Temple's; and having settled that business, he then asked me to give him change for a cheque, as he wanted to pay a little ground rent, it would save him the trouble of going to town - this was at my house at Hammersmith - I said certainly I would - he produced the cheque - I looked at it, and saw it was drawn in favour of Mr. Temple - I said "I do not know Mr. Harrison, but as I know Mr. Temple, I will give you the money" - he said "Oh yes - Mr. Temple's name is on the back of it - it quite right," - I gave him 11. 1s., the amount of the cheque - there was the name of William Temple on the back - I sent it to my bankers'.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you any other name? A. None; my nephew had written my banker's name on it when he sent it to them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TEMPLE
               



            . I am a conveyancer, living in Blomfield-street - the prisoner was my clerk about nine or ten months, and left me on the 12th of May - I sent him that evening to collect some rents at the west end of the town - he did not return - he had given me no notice - I saw him again about the 3rd of June, at the station-house - I had not seen him in the interval - I never gave him that cheque for any purpose - I know nothing of it - I never saw it before the transaction in question - I do not know William Harrison - the name of Temple on the back is not my handwriting, it is very little like mine - I know the prisoner's handwriting, and believe the whole of the cheque to be his handwriting - I cannot say whether the name on the back is written by him, but I rather think by the general character of the writing that it is.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say you believe the whole of that writing to be his? A. Yes, I do - the whole, except the banker's name across - that certainly is not his - I have had no treaty with the prisoner about settling this matter - I swear that I never asked him if he would work it out - he submitted to me that he would do it - I said that was out of the question - I never said if he would work it out I would pay the money to the prosecutor - he submitted to me that he would work out the money which he had received, and not accounted for - I said that was out of the question, on account of the amount - the prisoner's father lives in Castle-street, Holborn - the prisoner was taken into custody on the 3d of June - I have been to his father's house since that, about a fortnight ago - I think only once, since the 3d of June - I was there before, making inquiry about him - my object in going there was to tell the father I was very much surprised at his having recommended his son to me, with a knowledge, that in an office he had been in before mine, he had abstracted money from his employers - I saw nobody but the father - I never talked to him about settling it - nor ever asked him to settle it - I swear that most solemnly - my profession leads me to advance money, and issue advertisements for the loan of money - I am a money lender, and a certificated conveyancer.


                  JAMES 
                  DEFRIEZ
               



            . I live in Mile-end-road, and am clerk to Mr. Temple. I remember the prisoner being his clerk also - (looking at the cheque) I know the prisoner's handwriting - I believe this cheque to be his handwriting, except the words "Smith, Payne, and Co." across, and "No account" in the corner - I am certain it is his handwriting - I believe the endorsement, "Temple," to be his handwriting.
Cross-examined. Q. You are Mr. Temple's brother-in-law? Is there any similarity between the endorsement and the body of the cheque? A. The T is formed like the T the prisoner wrote at the office - there is not any very great similarity except that.


                  EDWARD 
                  SKEGG
               



            . I am a clerk in Coutts' banking-house- (looking at the cheque) we have no account of this name in our books - we have no such customer as William Harrison.
Q. Have you any orders from any body of that name to pay cheques for them? A. I should say not, certainly, as one of our clerks has written "No account" in the corner.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know any thing about customers except from the books? A. Yes; I am acquainted with a great number of our customers' handwriting - I am quite certain there are no such accounts as this - I have looked for his name.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNS
               



            . I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody in Crawford-street, in the shop of a 
               Mr. Hoskins
             - Hoskins said he wanted me to take him for embezzlement and forgery - the prisoner said he was very willing to go with me, and asked me to go with him to his father's - he said he made away with some of his master's money, but his father would make it all right; and as we went along, he said, "I wish you would allow me to look at my pocket-book" - he pulled the pocket-book out of his pocket - I stood by his side - he said, "Now, as I am taken into custody, it is hardly worth while for me to have any forged cheques, or such things, found on me;" but there was none in the pocket-book - I found nothing but a pocket-book and two keys on him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
