





1007. 




SARAH BARNES
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
7th of February, at 
St. James, Westminster, 1 hat, value 20s.; 6 sovereigns; 2 half-sovereigns; 10 shillings; and 1 £5 Bank-note; the goods, monies, and property of 



Elizabeth Schofield and another, her mistresses, in their dwelling-house: and 




JAMES HALE
 was indicted for

feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen, as aforesaid, against the Statute, &c. 2nd COUNT, for receiving of a certain evil-disposed person.






ELIZABETH SCHOFIELD
. I was in partnership with Eliza Lewis, and lived in Vigo-street. We were milliners—Barnes lived servant to us for about five months, and left on the 9th of March—she had gone out that morning with a young lady to school, and returned about three o'clock in the afternoon—she had previously given warning to leave us—in consequence of her staying longer than we thought proper, Miss Lewis suggested, in my presence, that she should quit at once—before she was to leave, we proposed that she should allow us to look into her boxes—I and Miss Lewis went up-stairs with her, to her bed-room—we looked into her box, and found a ring of Miss Lewis's, a bag of work, and a small box of beads, belonging to me, which was in my work-box, on the 7th of Februry, when the robbery took place—my work-box was locked—the box itself has been taken, and not found—I lost a silk hat on the 7th of February, and a £5 note, belonging to both of us, which was in Miss Lewis's work-box—six sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and ten shillings in silver—they were all in her work-box—there was a card-case in Miss Lewis's box, with the money—her box and all were taken—there was nothing more in her box—I have since seen that card-case at the pawnbroker's—the bag and box of beads were in my box, and the clothes—the hat was our joint property—we found two pieces of satin in the prisoner's box, which had formed part of the hat—I knew it from the shape, and the blonde and ribbon, which were with it in her box—I asked the prisoner what she had done with the clothes—she said the card-case was pledged at Fleming's, in Brewer-street, and I found it there afterwards—we got an officer and took her into custody—when she came to us, she appeared to have very little money—she appeared poor—she was very badly off for clothes, and appeared better dressed afterwards, in consequence of having got new clothes—I have seen the male prisoner about the house, speaking to Barnes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had she got any wages from you after she came into your service? A. Yes—I do not think she bought all the new clothes with her wages—Miss Lewis paid her—I believe she had one sovereign from her, and a dress, which was part of her new clothes—I believe it was in part of her wages—I believe 1l. 6s. is due to her, but there are some bills to take out of it—about two months wages are due to her, I believe—she was paid the first three months—Miss Lewis was present when she said she pawned the card-case—Miss Lewis was in partnership with me, while the prisoner was in our service, and continued so down to the time of the loss—the robbery was committed on the 7th of February—the prisoner came into our service on the 17th of October—the house was not broken open—I was in the house at the time—the door was left open—we did not leave it open, but when we came down stairs, we found the door of the show-room open, and all the property gone—it was not broken—there were no marks of violence on it—the prisoner came up-stairs when I gave the alarm—I told her what was lost—when I found the things in her box, she said she had given the clothes away to any one that liked to

have them—I do not recollect asking her how the things that were in her box came there—she did not tell us how they came in her box—I believe I said that box of beads was in my work-box at the time of the robbery—we found this part of a hat—I swear it is part of the hat—it is the ribbon and blonde it was trimmed with—I know it by the shape as well—I do not know that I can swear to it—I did not ask her any questions about the hat.

COURT. Q. Look at the card-case—is that the case you have spoken of? A. Yes—that was in Miss Lewis's box with the money—the satin corresponds in colour, quality, and shape, with the hat; and the ribbon and blonde correspond—I am satisfied that it is part of the trimming of the hat—we asked her what she had done with the money—she said she could not replace it—she did not say what had become of it.





ELIZA LEWIS
. I was in partnership with Elizabeth Schofield at the time—I went up with her to examine the prisoner's box—I found a ring, a small bag of work, several pieces of ribbon and silk, and some blonde—these pieces of satin I know, for I had several things made of the same satin; it formed part of a hat which was lost—we had a piece of blonde of the same pattern as this; it had been on the hat—we lost no blond but what was on the hat—it matched with some we have still in our possession—I know the ribbon; there is about a yard and a half of it—it is all the ribbon which had been on the hat—this card-case is mine; it was in the work-box in which the money was—there was a 5l. note, six sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and eight or ten shillings in the work-box, which was locked, and kept in the front room on the ground floor—I occupy the whole house—it is in the parish of St. James—we jointly paid the rent and taxes—when I found the things in the prisoner's box, I asked her how she came to have those things there—she said she could not tell at first—I said she was a dreadful girl to remain in the house with us so long, robbing us in that way—she cried very much, and said she was led away to do it; she did not do it on her own account—I said I could not let such a thing pass by, I must put her into custody—I sent for an officer—I have never seen the money or work-box since.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Miss Schofield present at all the conversation? A. She was, and heard it—I cannot say whether the prisoner spoke loud enough for her to hear—she did not speak very loud, she was crying all the time—we both searched her box separately—Miss Schofield saw her crying, but might not hear what she said—she was two or three yards off—it is impossible for me to say whether she heard it.





GEORGE STONE
 (police-constable C 99.) Between five and six o'clock on Monday afternoon I accompanied Miss Lewis to her house, and took charge of the female prisoner—I took possession of some pieces of ribbon, some skeins of silk, a small bag and beads, and a ring—I took the prisoner to the station-house—I had great difficulty in getting her out of the house—she wished to go back to Miss Schofield, saying she could make it all up if she went to her friends—I would not let her go back.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where did you first see the articles? A. Up stairs in the servant's bed-room, except the ring—she was not present—the prosecutrix gave me the articles.





CHARLES WILLIAMS
. I am in the service of Mr. Flemming. I have a card-case, pawned by the female prisoner on the 25th of February, for 3s.—I asked her if it was her own property—she said no, it was the proprety of Jane Edwards, and that her name was Betsy Hale.


Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you take it in yourself? A. I did—she was dressed as a servant—she was in one of the boxes alone—we have a very good view of the persons in them—we have a great many persons come in a day—I am certain she is the woman, for I was very particular in asking her questions.

JURY. Q. What time was it? A. About five o'clock—I recollect her person very well—it was not candle-light.

MISS LEWIS
re-examined. I know this card-case—it was in the box with the money when I lost it—these skeins of silk are my property—I lost some silk like this—it was not partnership property.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When had you seen that card-case last? A. About an hour before the robbery, on the 7th of February—I put it into the box myself, and locked the box—Miss Schofield saw it in the box.





GEORGE STONE

re-examined. I apprehended Hale—I saw him on the opposite side of the way, walking up and down past the prosecutrix's house, at the time Barnes was apprehended—not knowing him, I followed, and called him by the name of Hale—he answered to the name—I took him to the station-house, and charged him with being concerned with the woman, and visiting her—he said he had not been there that day.

Barnes's Defence. Mistress came up to me and asked me to say it was Hale who committed the robbery, and she would give me my liberty—I said I would not bring an innocent person into it—I told the policeman how I came by the articles—mistress came to me like a mad woman, and said she knew Hale was the person who did it.

BARNES—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Life.

HALE—


NOT GUILTY
.
