






434. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FOLLARD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CONLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, 1 show-glass, value 2s. 6d., and 3 lbs. weight of sweetmeats, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Greathead
                        




                     
                  ; and that Follard had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  GREATHEAD
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Seymour-street, St. Pancras


. On the afternoon of the 13th of December, I missed from a stand in the window a show-glass, with about 3lbs. of sugar-plums in it.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODYEAR
               



            . (Police-constable E 39). I saw the prisoners together at the prosecutor's door, about half-past five o'clock in the evening on the 13th of December; Conley went up the steps, and went into the shop three times - he went two steps towards the parlour, and came back, and every time he joined Follard, and spoke to him- I then saw Follard go into the shop; he put one foot in, put his right hand on the top of the show-glass, put it under his left arm, and came out with it; when he got about ten yards off, a third person came up with a wicker-basket - Follard gave the glass to that person, who ran away with it; I got ahead of the two prisoners - another Policeman came up, and we took them; I took Follard, and as we were going to the office, he said, "Don't you go to bottle down too tight upon me - the plums are all right; they are gone."
Follard. Q. Who else saw me take them? A. No one that I know of; you stood still when you saw me cross the road - I could not take the other person, but you being the biggest, I took you.


                  CHARLES 
                  MAYHEW
               



             (Police-constable E 152). I produce a certificate (which I got from Mr. Clark's office) of the conviction of Follard, by the name of 
               
                  Peter 
                  Reynolds
               



             - he was sentenced to one year's imprisonment in the House of Correction; I know him to be the man.
Follard's Defence. I was going home, intending to call at my mother's, and this officer said he saw me steal this thing, which is false.
Conley's Defence. I was not in the shop at all.
FOLLARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
CONLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
