





275. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HERD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November
, 2 candlesticks, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Gibson
                  




               
            .
GEORGE GIBSON. I keep the Craven Arms public-house, at Westminster




. On the night of the 28th of November I lost these two candlesticks.


                  EDWARD 
                  FUSSELL
               



            . I live in New-street, Vincent-square. On the 28th of November I was at the Craven Arms - the prisoner came in there while I was in the parlour; he said there was a very sad fire - I asked where, and he pointed towards Oxford-street; I went out to see it - he followed me, and said if I would go to the corner I should see it quite plain; I went there, but there was no fire - I then went back to the house, and found the two candles on the table, burning; when I went out they were in candlesticks - the candlesticks were then gone, and the prisoner also.


                  RICHARD 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Green-court. On the night in question the prisoner came, about ten minutes before nine o'clock, and asked if I would buy one of these candlesticks; I asked if it was his own - he said, "Do you think I stole it?" I said, "I don't know, but you will have no objection to write down your name;" I gave him pen and paper, and he wrote down, "William Steward, 37, Windmill-street;" I then said, "I shall go and see if you live there:" he went with me some distance, and then ran from me - I pursued, and cried, Stop thief! he fell down, and broke the other candlestick; he was then taken.
Prisoner. When I went to his shop he got out of his bed, drunk; I wrote down this direction, and was going to show him the place; he would go a contraryway, and I ran from him - I was going along, and saw three young men looking into a shop; they asked me to buy the candlesticks, and I gave them 1s. 6d. for them - I wanted the money, and went to sell one of them.


                  JOHN 
                  BALDWIN
               



             (Police-constable C 103). I took the prisoner in Crown-court - he was running, and fell down; I asked him in going along what made him take the candlestick - he said his grandmother gave it to him - when we got to the watch-house I found this other one broken on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
