





284. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LITCHFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Castle
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  CASTLE
               



            . I live in Newman-street, Oxford-street, and am a chair-maker
. On Sunday, the 26th of December, between eleven and twelve o'clock, as I was in Smithfield


, crossing the end of Hosier-lane, with a friend. I felt the tail of my coat fall - I instantly put my hand into my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone; it was safe shortly before; I hesitated for about a minute, and then went down Hosier-lane in pursuit of the prisoner and another, who were together - they got about half-way down the lane, and my friend laid hold of the prisoner; the other ran, and got off - I should know him again; my friend took the prisoner to the Compter - an officer then searched him, and with great difficulty found my handkerchief next his skin, under his arm-pit; I am certain it is mine - it has my initials on it.


                  ROBERT 
                  PRATT
               



            , I live in Greenhill's-rents. I was with Mr. Castle; I perceived the prisoner, and another younger than him, cross from the hospital towards Hosier-lane- they passed behind us; Mr. Castle felt his coat tail fall, and said he thought they had robbed him; he missed his handkerchief - we pursued, and overtook the prisoner about half-way down Hosier-lane, and charged him with picking the pocket; he denied it - I nearly laid hold ofthe other, but he got away; I saw the handkerchief found under the prisoner's shirt, next his skin.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CATMULL
               



            . I am a constable of the City. The prisoner was brought to the Compter - he strictly denied having the handkerchief; I was going to strip him, as he seemed guilty, and when I got his coat nearly off I saw something under his arm - I took off his shirt, and there was the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing Smithfield, looked up at the hospital to see the time, and as I looked down again, I saw the handkerchief on the ground and picked it up - I saw a boy running down Hosier-lane; this gentleman came, and said I had his handkerchief - I said I had not; he took me to the Compter, and said it was his - he said at the officer that he had no mark on it.
CHARLES CASTLE. I said I was not positive, but I thought there was a letter on it, and on looking I found it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
