





1502. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, 1 ball of twist, value 4s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Tyler
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been previously convicted of felony
            .


                  MARY 
                  TYLER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Tyler
               



            . On the 12th of August I lost a ball of twist from a drawer - when I took the drawer down it was at the top of the drawer, and no one was there but the prisoner; he came to get some twist to match a bit of cloth - he had matched his cloth, and I was cutting off the twist he wanted, when he ran out of the shop; I pursued him, and he was taken before I lost sight of him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is the man who stopped him here? A. No; the prisoner did turn a corner- I might lose sight of him; I was but three or four yards from him - I ran pretty fast - I was on the opposite side of the way; I could see round the corner; the ball of twist was given up to me - he begged me to let him go, as hewas a poor fellow; I put the ball into a drawer, with forty or fifty others - it was black, and there was no other black ball in the drawer but that.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WEBB
               



            . On the 12th of August I was coming home, and heard there was a thief in Broad-street; I took off my cocked hat, and went up - there were forty or fifty people; they pointed to a public house, in which the prisoner was - a woman said, "Don't take him, poor fellow;" I gave him 2d. to get a pint of beer - he begged me to let him go; I found 1 1/2d. on him, this skeleton-key, this bit of cloth, and the twist which I gave the prosecutrix.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went for a yard of twist - I felt for an article I had purchased before - I missed it, and said I would go and look for that; when I got near the corner of the street I heard some one cry "Stop him!" - I went on, and turned another corner; I saw several persons run- I got near two hundred yards down the turning, when a man stopped me; the prosecutrix came in about a minute and a half - I said I had no twist; a number of persons collected, and some one said, "Here is a ball of twist, is this your's?" - she took it; I went on to have a pint of of porter - a man came and took me; some person said,"Let the man go, it is not worth 1 1/2d."
MRS. TYLER. It is worth 4s. 6d.


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BETRAUN
               



            . I have a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner by the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            , on the 29th of October, in the 10th year of His late Majesty's reign, for stealing a ball of twist - he was confined two months in the House of Correction; I took him, and know he is the person.
Prisoner. He is not to be believed upon his oath - it is only to gain his expences.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
