





815. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 1 watch, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Woodward
               




            .
JOHN WOODWARD. I live in Frederick-place, Newington, Surrey


, and am a shoemaker
 - the Prisoner lodged with me from last May till the 10th of March, when he left without notice. On the night before my watch hung on a nail over the mantel-piece, in the back room, which looks into my garden; I saw it safe on the Wednesday night - my son sleeps in that room; on the Thursday morning I heard the door of that room unlock, and heard a step go out of the prisoner's room door; I then heard the street door go - I went down, and the prisoner was gone; I went into the back room, and missed the watch.
JOHN ROBINSON. I am a Police-constable. On Friday the 11th of March I took the prisoner to the station-house - I made him no promise, nor used any threat; but in going along he said he was very sorry, but he had pawned the watch in some street going out of Drury-lane, but he did not know the name - I had the duplicate in my possession at that time; it had been given me by his wife - he had not told me where the duplicate was.
Prisoner. I never spoke to the officer in going to the station. Witness. I have stated correctly what passed -I asked him no question; he mentioned it himself.


                  FREDERICK 
                  LANCE
               



            . I am in the employ of a pawnbroker, in Clare-street, Clare-market, near Drury-lane, On the 10th of March, about nine o'clock in the morning, this watch was pawned with me for 7s., I think by the prisoner, but I cannot swear positively; this is the duplicate I gave the person who pawned it - I have the counterpart.


                  JOHN 
                  WOODWARD
               



            . This is my watch - it is worth 1l.; the prisoner left my house about half-past six o'clock, or between that and seven.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
