






651. 




CHARLES WHITE
, 




WILLIAM REGAN
, and 




JOSEPH JENKINS
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 




William Nehemiah Parssons, on the 
17th of January, at 
St. Saviour, Southwark, and stealing therein 1 jacket, value 2s. 6d.; 1 pair of compasses, value 2s.; 1 tool-bag, value 6d.; his goods; 1 jacket, value 4s; 1 pair of trowsers, value 4s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.; 1 saw, value 2s; the goods of 



Dennis William Flyn: 1 shirt, value 4s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; and 1 pistol, value 2s.; the goods of 



Thomas Salliss
: and 



THOMAS JENKINS
 for 

feloniously receiving the same goods, well knowing them to have been stolen. Another COUNT charging the said Thomas Jenkins as an accessary after the fact.






WILLIAM NEHEMIAH PARSSONS
. I live at No. 16, Church-street, Blackfriars-road, and am an engineer. I have a workshop in Love-lane, St. Saviour's—in consequence of information I received, I went to the workshop on the morning of the 18th of January, and missed some brass carriages, and part of another—I also missed a jacket belonging to me, and two other jackets—we did not miss the compasses till we found them in the tool-bag—we did not miss any thing particular, except the brass carriages, till the property was found—when I got to the workshop I found that it had been broken open—the lock of the door was broken—I found the policeman and my apprentice at the workshop, and a lad there gave me information of what he had seen.





THOMAS SALLISS
. I am apprentice to Mr. Parssons, and work at the shop in Love-lane. I went down to the shop on the morning of the 18th of January, and found some brass carriages missing—one and part of another—I did not miss any thing else at that time—on the night before, which was the 17th, about six o'clock I locked the shop up—they had broken the lock off the door—I did not miss the shirt and handkerchief at that time—I went with the policeman Stevenson on the morning of the 18th to a house in Guildford-street, where the prisoners lodged—it is kept by a man named Davis, who keeps a pork-shop—I found there. some jackets, a shirt, a pair of shoes, a saw, a pistol, a pair of compasses, and other things—part of the things were my master's—the shirt and pistol were mine—the jacket, tool-bag, and compasses belong to my master—and this jacket, a pair of trowsers, a pair of shoes, and a saw belong to a workman named Flyn—we found all these things at Davis's—Stevenson has the property—I have seen White and Regan about many times, but not Jenkins—they have nothing to do with our premises.





DENNIS WILLIAM FLYN
. I am a workman of Mr. Parssons—I received information from the policeman, and went down to the shop—I missed a saw, and all my things were gone—I had seen them safe on the night of the 17th, when I was at work on the premises—I went to the station-house in Southwark-bridge-road, on the 18th, and there I saw and identified them—I did not go to Davis's—I have seen the prisoners, Regan and Jenkins, once or twice about—I did not know where they lived—I saw them three or four days previous to the robbery, or it might be a week—I believe I saw Joseph Jenkins in a public-house, but I am not exactly certain.

Q. Your deposition states that you saw him the night before the robbery, near your master's shop—had you done so?—A. No.





JOHN LAUREL
. I am thirteen years old, and live at No. 2, Elizabeth-place, with my father, at the back of Mr. Parssons' workshop. On the 17th of January, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I saw the prisoners, White, Regan, and Joseph Jenkins, near Mr. Parssons' workshop—they were at the front of the shop—Jenkins and Regan were waiting outside, and White was inside the premises—I saw a light inside the premises, and saw White come out with a light in front of the shop, out of the door—I could not see that he had any thing else with him, it was so dark

—he had a light with him, but I could not see whether he had any thing in his hand—I went in and told my father—the boys saw me—I was coming home with my errands to my father, Joseph Jenkins pretended to be drunk—White put the candle behind him, and put it out—I went home and told my father.





GEORGE STEVENSON
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information which I received I went to the prosecutor's shop—I found the street door broken open—the bolt of the lock had been broken short off—I saw the witness Laurel standing at the door, and questioned him about it—I then proceeded to No. 56, Great Guildford-street, to Mr. Davis's porkshop—I found the prisoner White on the stairs, and, suspecting him, I took him to the station-house.

Q. Your deposition states, "I went to the house of Jenkins, No. 58, Great Guildford-street, and apprehended White?" A. It is a lodging-house—Davis rents the shop weekly, and every room in the house is let to different individuals—when I took White to the station-house, I proceeded back to Guildford-street—the house is kept by an old blind lady—the prisoner Thomas Jenkins occupies the front room, first floor—he only lodges there—I had another constable with me—we went up stairs to the first floor front room, and found the prisoners Joseph Jenkins, Regan, and Thomas Jenkins, and Mary Jenkins, and Ann Jenkins, his two daughters—it was between eight and nine o'clock in the morning—they were all in bed undressed—in two beds—Thomas Jenkins was in one bed with his eldest daughter, and Joseph Jenkins, Regan, and the other daughter, were all in one bed on the floor—when I went into the room, they poked their heads up, and asked what I wanted—I said I had come on suspicion of a robbery they had committed—Thomas Jenkins said no robbery had been committed, and there was nothing in that room but what was his—I told them to get up and dress themsleves—Joseph Jenkins got out of bed first to put his clothes on, and as he took them off the bed to put them on, I searched them, and found a pistol in his jacket pocket—Regan got up, and took his jacket up, and I found a pair of compasses in his pocket—Laurel was with me—I sent him over to the workshop to tell Mr. Parssons to come over—I found a candle in Joseph Jenkins's cap—there were a great many Lucifer boxes in the room, and one in Joseph Jenkins's and in Regan's pockets—there was a large patch of tallow-grease on Joseph Jenkins's hair, where he had put his cap on and never wiped it off—we made a search, and found a saw under Thomas Jenkins's bed—I saw the other constable find a pair of shoes under Thomas Jenkins's bed, and two jackets and a pair of trowsers on the bed—I produce the property.

MR. PARSSONS
re-examined. This bag belongs to me, and is my tool-bag; this jacket and compasses are also mine.





DENNIS WILLIAM FLYN

re-examined. These are my shoes and saw.





THOMAS SALLISS

re-examined. This pistol belongs to me, and this shirt.





THOMAS MOTHERSELL
. I am a policeman. I assisted Stevenson in taking the prisoners into custody—I went into the room where the articles were found—I found this pair of shoes under Thomas Jenkins's bed—he said at first that they were his own—I afterwards told him they belonged to Dennis Flyn—I held them up in my hand, and showed them to him, and said, "They belong to Flyn"—Flyn came up the stairs at the same time and then Jenkins said he had made a mistake.





HENRY BIRKETT
. I am a policeman. I went with the other two witnesses

down to the prisoners' house, and found two jackets, a pair of trowsers, and a shirt on the bed of Thomas Jenkins—I was holding them up and asking who they belonged to—I said, "Whose are these?" not particularly addressing him; but he said there was nothing there but what belonged to him; there was nothing there but his clothes—that was after he had got up—he did not say any thing more—he claimed the shoes as his property, and after being questioned, said he had made a mistake.

Q. Can you take on yourself to say, that his saying it was a mistake, did not apply to the whole of the property, or to the shoes only? A. To the shoes, because they were shown to him by themselves—I had not searched the bed at the time the shoes were shown to him.

Regan's Defence. The old man had nothing to do with it.

Joseph Jenkins' Defence. I can only say that my father knew nothing at all about it—he was in bed when I came home, and did not know that the things were in the place.

Thomas Jenkins' Defence. I did not know that there was a thing in my place—I was in bed when the policeman came in.

MR. PARSSONS
re-examined. I have known the old man working for Mr. Wingfield about three years—I never heard any thing against him—I really do not think he knew any thing of the robbery—as to receiving them I can say nothing about—he always seemed a very industrious man.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

REGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17. JOSEPH JENKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for Ten Years.

THOMAS JENKINS—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
