







295. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SANDFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January

, 3 lbs. of pork, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Rolling
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES HENRY 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
HENRY HUTCHINSON. I keep a chemist's-shop on Clerkenwell-green



. On the 1st of January I was looking out of my window, and saw three boy
s near Mr. Rolling's pork-shop; one was opposite, one had passed the shop, and one had not got up to it - Sandford, who was one of them, took the pork, and gave it to the one who had not got up to the shop; the one who had got on beyond the shop made his escape - I gave information, and then followed them; I came up with four boys in a court in Red Lion-street - White was one of them, whom I had not seen before; he had an apron on with the pork in it - they were altogether, but I cannot tell what they were doing; I seized White, and then secured Sandford -White said a boy had given him a few halfpence to carry it.


                  ROBERT 
                  ROLLING
               



            . I keep the pork-shop
 on Clerkenwell-green. Mr. Hutchinson brought the prisoners to me, and White had the pork in his apron - this was about eleven o'clock; I had seen it safe about an hour before, outside my shop window; it was mine, and worth 1s. 6d. - I had not missed it till the witness told me.


                  HENRY 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



            . I am sure it was Sandford took it - I had not known either of the prisoners before; I watched them for twenty or thirty seconds - I have not the least doubt that Sandford took it.
Sandford's Defence. We went out for a place, and passed by this shop - two boys came and said to White,"Take this and carry it for us, and we will give you a few halfpence."
White's Defence. Two boys gave it me to carry - they ran off, and the gentleman took hold of me.
SANDFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
WHITE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
