



2277. 




GEORGE HARRIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of July, 1 gown, value 6s., the goods of 



Mary Smith; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY SMITH
. I am a widow, and live in Margaret-street, Westminster. The prisoner's father is a navigator, and his mother goes out to wash and clean—they lodge in the second-floor room at that house—the prisoner was with them when he was at home—on the 26th of July I went out about half-past seven, and returned at eight o'clock—I had locked my room door, and put the key into a little oven—when I came back the key. was in the door, and the door not locked—I went into the room—I found my waist-ribbon on the floor, and my work was lying about—I opened my box, and missed my gown—the prisoner did not come homo till eleven o'clock the next morning—I did not then know that he had any thing to do with my gown, but I suspected him.





GEORGE ODELL WUAKTON
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Lambeth.

I produce the gown, which was pawned by Mary Ann Harris, about eight o'clock in the evening, on the 26th of July.





JAMES SKELTON
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner on the 27th—he denied all knowledge of the robbery, and said it was spite, on account of his being in prison before—he said he had slept at his sister's the night before, but I found that he had not.





MARY ANN HARRIS
. I am sister-in-law of the prisoner. I pawned a gown for him at Mr. Wharton's on the 26th of July.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. About half-past seven o'clock that night, a young man came to me with a gown under his arm—he asked if I wanted to buy it—I said no—he asked if I would let him have 5s. on it—I took it to my sister's—she pledged it for 85., and the young man gave me 3s. of it I
am innocent of stealing it—there was a lodger in the house, who saw me go out, and I had nothing with me.





MICHAEL SEBRIGHT
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. * Aged 18.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
