






36. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     RAGAN
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 17th of November
, 3 pieces of calico, containing in length 74 yards, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stevens
                  




               
            .


                  WALTER 
                  McFARLANE
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. William Stevens, a draper
. The prisoner came in with another person, on the 17th of November; they asked for a small piece of flannel - I did not serve them, but saw them served; when they were going out I said I was sure that person had something; they had been there about ten minutes, and bought a small piece of flannel and a piece of calico, which came to about 3s. - I pursued, and overtook them about five doors off; I told the prisoner she had something - I brought her back, with the assistance of Mr. Champman, and took this property out of her apron; it was seventy-four yards of calico, three pieces, of different patterns.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. How do you know it? A. The mark of our foreman is on it - it had been laying on the counter; there were other goods marked in the same way - I had seen these not a minute before they were taken; we had no other goods of this pattern; they were in the prisoner's apron - the person who was with her had a child: I do not know who took them out; I suspected the prisoner, because she appeared so much more bulky when she went out than when she came in - she was rather intoxicated; I have seen her at the shop before.


                  GEORGE 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



            . I took the prisoner at the presecutor's shop; the shopman had taken the goods from her - she acknowledged they were taken from her apron; I found 15s. 11 1/4d. on her, which was returned.


                  HUSSEY 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a shopman to the prosecutor. The prisoner came in with another woman, and I served them; the other woman went out, and then the prisoner -I received some information, and the prisoner was brought back; I saw this property taken from her apron - I had seen it on the counter before; she had not bought it - it is my master's, Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Stevens
               



            .
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know any thing of her? A. I know she has a family; she has been to the shop before.
Prisoner's Defence. I went out to be churched, and know nothing about it; the woman did not go in with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
