





258. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 7 seals, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Taylor
                     




                  . in his dwelling-house
            .
THOMAS ASKEY. I am shopman to Edward Taylor, a jeweller
, of Leadenhall-street


. On Saturday night, the 5th of December, the prisoner came and looked at some seals, but bought none - on Monday, the 7th, at seven o'clock in the evening, he called, and asked to see those seals again - I showed him a tray, with those in it he had seen before; he said be thought what I pointed out to him were not those he had chosen - I said they were: he considered them dear - he then moved rather from the counter, and snatched a handful from the tray, took seven seals, and got out; I went out into the road, gave an alarm, and he was taken in five minutes - three seals had dropped in the shop, and three were found in Brown's-buildings, about one hundred yards off - the other has not been found; there were ninety-nine in the tray: I am sure the six found are master's - they are gold plated on copper, and worth 6l. or 7l.; they would cost 6l. from the manufacturer's - I think two or three are solid gold, but cannot tell without taking them to pieces.
JOHN GASKIN. I am a Thames Police-surveyer. I was near Mr. Taylor's, and saw the prisoner run out of the shop - Askey came out, and gave an alarm; I pursued him down St. Mary-axe, and he turned up a sort of court; I was nearly up to him, but met with an obstruction, and lost sight of him for a moment; I then saw him in custody - I brought him back to the shop - I did not see the seals found: I asked him what he was - he said he was a tailor, and if he was to be hung out of the way it would be of no consequence, for he was in distress. I saw two seals on the shop floor, and one on the edge of the counter.
WILLIAM ARTHUR. I am inspector of the ward. I was in Bury-street, and heard an alarm - I pursued to Grey-alley, leading to Brown's-buildings, and saw the prisoner running; I secured him - I have the three seals found in the shop.
ESTHER COHEN. I live in Bell-court, near Brown's-buildings. I found three seals on the ground in Brown's-building, about five minutes past seven o'clock in the evening - I had not heard the alarm of Stop thief! I produced them before the Magistrate, and Askey swore to them.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
