





820. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BLANCHETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, 47 ounces and 6 penny-weights of silver, value 11l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jonathan 
                           Haynes
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
JONATHAN HAYNES. I am a silversmith
, and live in Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell


 - the prisoner was in myemploy; I had been robbed to a considerable amount. On the 20th of February my foreman gave me information - I went into the shop to the prisoner, and desired him to give me up my silver, or I should send for an officer; he hesitated a little time; I again desired him to give it up - he then turned round, and gave me some silver cuttings, twisted up in a piece of paper, from the back of a press where he was working; there was I oz. and 4 dwts.; I said to him, "A fortnight ago you robbed me of 50 ozs.;" he asked me if I would forgive him, and admitted that he took 39 ozs. of it - I said, "It will be better for you to state all you know."
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How long had he lived with you? A. About twelve months - he was a stamper; he had been employed making tea-pot handles, and he brought back some deficient in weight - the press is mine, but he worked there; cuttings are never placed behind it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOUGH
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Haynes. I went with the officer to the prisoner's lodging, and found 7 ozs. of silver, in a box.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



             EDWARDS. I am an officer. I went to the prisoner's lodging, and found some silver there - this is what was found by Mr. Haynes.
MR. HAYNES. This is my property - it is cuttings, and could not have been there for any honest purpose; it should have been given back to te foreman.
Cross-examined. Q. Is the foreman here? A. No; the articles are cut out in his shop, and the cuttings should have been left there - there could be no silver on my premises but my own.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
