



1020. 




GUSTAVUS HALLENBURGH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
29th of February, 1 watch, value 1l. 5s., the goods of 



John Pritchard.






JOHN PRITCHARD
. I had a slight knowledge of the prisoner's brother, who keeps a foreign bookseller's shop in King William-street. I saw the prisoner there, and conceiving him to be a fine buy, and speaking the French and German languages, 1 thought to do something for him—he came to my house on the 9th of February, and requested me to go to Southampton-row, which I did—he requested me to give him a sheet of paper, which I did, and left him in my room—my watch was on the mantel-piece—I returned in about ten minutes—he was gone, and the watch also—there was nobody in my apartment but him—the people who

keep the house are respectable—there is an old gentleman, his daughter and niece, and the servant.

Prisoner. Q. Did you I ask you for the paper? Witness. A. Yes; and I gave it you out of a drawer—I put it on the table—there might have been two or three things on the table—I am not aware that there was any thing else there.





CATHERINE CAME
. I am servant to Mr. Beal, of Brunswick-row, Queen-square. The prosecutor lives there—I remember the prisoner coming there that day—I let him in when he knocked at the door—I came down stairs with a pail of water—in about five minutes after I came past Mr. pritchard's room, and the door was ajar—shortly after wards there came a knock at the street door, and it was Mr. pritchard—the prisoner was then gone.

Prisoner. Q. You heard me first knock at the door? Witness. A. Yes—I heard the door open afterwards and shut—I was in the room over where you were—if any one had gone out again I should have heard it—you did not go out at the time Mr. Pritchard did, because I looked out of the window.

Prisoner. I could not get a situation, as I could not get a character—I went to the prosecutor to ask him to go to my brother, to ask him to give me a character—he said he would, and we left the house together—I know nothing about the watch—the servant says, that after she had heard the door open and shut once she came down, and saw the door half open—the prosecutor says he did not return for ten minutes, and he cannot say that in that time some one had not been into the room and taken the watch.





JOHN PRITCHARD
. He did not go out with me—his brother was not at the house he sent me to.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
