



2405. 




ANN JONES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of October, 1 purse, value 1d.; 8 sovereigns, 3 half-crowns, 9 shillings, and 1sixpence; the goods and monies of 



James Glendining, from his person.






JAMES GLENDINING
. I am captain of the Fame, a merchant vessel, which was in the Thames. On the 18th of October I was in Ratcliff-highway about two o'clock in the morning, and fell in with the prisoner—I was a little tipsy, and did not know exactly what happened—I wanted to go to bed, and went home to the house where the prisoner lived—I do not know where it was—I gave the lady of the house a shilling, and went up stairs with the prisoner—I then had eight sovereigns, three half-crowns, and nine shillings and sixpence in a purse—I think I was in the room about half an hour—I fell down on the bed as soon as I got into the room, and went to sleep—I was to have staid there all night—I had put my purse into my trowsers' pocket—when I awoke, my purse was gone, and so was the prisoner—she had gone out of the room while I was asleep—I acquainted the police—they took the prisoner, and my purse was found on her—it then contained one sovereign and 8s. 6d.—the rest of the money is lost—this is my purse—(looking at it.)

Prisoner. Q. Did you not drink the whole morning at the Bull's Head, and then go with some ladies, and stay till half-past twelve o'clock? A. No-you did not give me my purse back again—you denied it when I

asked you for it—I did not send for a shilling's worth of rum—my money was all safe when I entered your room.





GEORGE WILLIAM GRAVE
. I am a police-sergeant. The prosecutor complained to me that he had been robbed—he had evidently been drinking, but appeared to know what he was about—I went and took the prisoner—the room the prosecutor went to is in a very low brothel—I found the prisoner in the lower room in the same house—I asked if she knew any thing about the man's money—she said no, she did not, that he had gone up stairs with her and given her a silk handkerchief, but had not given her a single penny—that she brought the handkerchief down, and thought it felt heavy, she opened it, and found the purse in it, which contained 1l. 8s. 6d., and no more—she denied having the money, and afterwards gave up the purse.





JAMES GLENDINING

re-examined. I had only one handkerchief, which I have got now—I did not lose it—the purse was not in it.

Prisoner's Defence. I met this man as I was. coming in with half-a-pint of beer for supper—he asked me for a bed—he went in and gave the landlady a shilling for the room, and another shilling for ale—he took some ale, and then said he was very sleepy, that he had been in company with two women in Palmer's Folly, all the afternoon, till twelve o'clock it night, and had been drinking very freely—I took him up stain, and he fell down on the bed—he pulled out a handkerchief, and gave it me, and said, "In that I think you will find enough to satisfy you"—I took it to the landlady, and asked if I should open it—she said, "Yes"—I did, and found in it the purse, and 1l. 8s. 6d. in it—I sat down and ate some supper—in an hour and a half the prosecutor awoke, and called me—he asked me if I knew any thing of his umbrella, his purse, and handkerchief—I said I knew nothing of the umbrella, but the purse and handkerchief I gave him—he said he had more money than this, and while we were altercating, the policeman came by, and took us both to the station-house—if I intended to have stolen his money, I had time enough to have gone away—I left the house as I found it.





JAMES GLENDINING

re-examined. I counted my money when I paid the shilling for the room—I had then eight sovereigns, and I had changed a sovereign that night—I had my trowsers on when my purse and money were taken.




GUILTY
.—Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.
