






1327. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  TRIMMER
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  STENNETT
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, 49lbs. weight of pork, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hawney
                  




               
            ; and that 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Trimmer
               



             had been before convicted of felony.
THOMAS TRIMMER 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a labourer, and live in Kent-street, Borongh. On the morning of the 24th of June I left two sides of pork in a truck, in Ivy-lane


, for about five minutes - when I returned it was gone; I had seen Stennett about five yards from my truck before I left it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FITTEE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cross, Leadenhall-market; he is a meat-salesman. On the 24th of June Trimmer brought two sides of pork to my master, about ten o'clock - he was taken into custody about eleven.


                  CHARLES 
                  WRIGHT
               



            , I am clerk to Mr. Cross. I was present when Trimmer brought the pork, about ten o'clock- I saw Stennett between twelve and one the same morning; he asked if we had received a pig in the name of 
               
                  David 
                  Jones
               



            , which was the name Trimmer had given - I asked Stennett into the counting-house; he asked if the pig was sold - I said, Yes, and he asked for the bill - I asked him who had brought it, and he described Trimmer; I asked how he came by it, and he said, "We bought it on Tuesday;" I called an officer, and gave him in charge - Trimmer had been taken before; Trimmer said Jones lived in the Borough.


                  JOHN 
                  HAWNEY
               



            . I bought the pork in Newgate-market - I afterwards saw it at Mr. Cross's, in Leadenhall-market; I know it by a mark on the sparerib, which I put on it - William Hall was in my employ, and he had to take the pork home.


                  JOHN 
                  FIFINCH
               



            . I took Stennett into custody between twelve and one o'clock - I made him no threat or promise, but he said a man in Gracechurch-street had given, (or was going to give) him 6d. to come for the money for the pork; I had not told him any one else was in custody.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer would not take me to where the person was who had sent me.
STENNETT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
