



929. 




JOHN CASHMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of March, 1 bed-tick, value 6d.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 1s. 6d.; 1 cloak, value 1s.; 1 pewter pot, value 3d.; 1 tea-pot, value 1s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 3d.; and 1/2 lb. weight of horse-chair, value 6d.; the goods of 



Jemima Wilson.






GEORGE BAKER
. I am a watchman of St. Dunstan's. About half-past three o'clock, on the morning of the 4th of March, I was going down Neville's-court, and found the door of No. 4, open—I went in, and went round the corner, up to the water-closet, and found the prisoner coming out—I asked what he did there—he said he went to ease himself—I said that would not do for me—he turned round and ran away, I sprung my rattle, and caught him on New-street-hill—I brought him back, and found in his coat pocket three pairs of stockings, and a comforter.





THOMAS QUINNELL
. I am a watchman of St. Dunstan's. I went to Baker's assistance, and we found the prisoner coming out of the privy—he said he had been to ease himself—he then ran off—Baker followed and brought him back—I went into the privy, and Found a red cloak, a pint pot, and a bed-tick.





FRANCIS REXTER
. I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house—I found in his hat a silk handkerchief, and two cotton ones—in his pocket a phosphorus box, some trinkets, and a key which opened the door of the house.





JEMIMA WILSON
. I am a widow, and live in this house. I was in bed that night—this property all belongs to me—I had left them all in the kitchen, down stairs, except the cloak, which was at the one-pair of stairs door.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How was your door? A. It was shut safe, but only on the latch—this is a common latch-key—I have two lodgers—they were in bed—I was the last up—there were more valuable things in the house.
(J. Nightingale, a fishmonger, Bridge water-gardens, and W. Harrow, a fancy trimming maker, Bridgewater-gardens, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.
