





755. 




WALTER MILTON
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of February, 1 watch, value 15s.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; 1 watch-key, value 2d.; and 1 seal, value 3d.; the goods of 



William Skelton: and 




MARGARET DANIELS



, for feloniously receiving the same goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; to which MILTON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years.





WILLIAM SKELTON
. I live at No. 18, Little North-street. Walter Milton is my wife's son, by a former husband—on the 10th of February I lost a watch from over the mantel-piece—the boy was not living at home with me—he said he gave it to a woman, near Plumtree-street—in consequence of this the female prisoner was found.





THOMAS SIDWELL
. I am a builder, and live in Marylebone. The prosecutor worked for me—I knew his son—I heard of the loss of the watch, and spoke to him—that led me to the female prisoner—I went to the stall where her husband was—he fetched his wife, the prisoner—I asked her why she left that boy there on Saturday, and went and pawned a watch—she at last confessed she had left the boy at the stall, and went and pawned it, but had got the duplicate—when I first taxed her with pawning it, she said she had not pawned it—I am sure she said that once—I said, "You had better give me the ticket, and then, perhaps, there will be nothing more said about it"—she said, "It lies on a glass on the mantelpiece at my house"—she went with me, and I received the ticket from her husband, off the mantel-piece—I then said I must give her in charge.





THOMAS SPENCER WALTER
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I took in this watch of the female prisoner, on Saturday, the 10th of February, in the name of Ann Smith, a lodger, 18, Plumtree-street—here is the counter duplicate, and this is the one given her—(looking at them.)





WILLIAM SKELTON

re-examined. This is my watch, and seal, and chain.

Daniels's Defence. Miller came to me and said, "Will you be so kind as to take this watch over the way; they won't take it in of me; I am too young"—I looked at the boy, and said, "Where did you get it?"—to said, "My mother is ill in bed; they won't take it in of me"—I said, "I have no objection to do it, but I will not go where you have been; I will go to Mr. Jones's, where I generally pawn;" and I did go and pawn it—I looked at the ticket, and gave him the money, and I found there was a mistake in it—I ran back—they had given me a shilling too little, and when I came back the boy was gone.

DANIELS—


NOT GUILTY
.
