





Second Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
286. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Gentle
                        




                     
                  , on the 9th of December
, and stealing 1 watch, value 10s.
            , his property.
THOMAS GENTLE. I live in Gloster-buildings, Back-lane, Whitechapel


. On the 9th of December, my wife went out between one and two o'clock in the morning, to nurse a woman; I went out at eight, leaving nobody in the house, and left my watch on the front parlour mantel-piece, and am sure I fastened the door with a spring lock - I put the key on a nail between the door and window; we always put it there for the lodgers: I have known the prisoner three or four years - he has been a groom, and was in the habit of coming to see my son, who is about his own age; he knew where I put the key - I returned at one o'clock, and left again at two; I am sure the latch of the door caught - the watch was on the mantel-piece; I returned at eight, and it was gone - I found the door fast, as I had left it, and the key in its place.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is your son here? A. No; he lives with me - he went out, and returned with me - he was working at the same factory as me, but was not in my sight all the time; the lodger knew where to find the key.
WILLIAM ANDERTON. I am a pawnbroker, and live in the Commercial-road. On the 19th of December, in the evening, the prisoner pawned this watch.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see him before? A. I do not know - it was about six or seven o'clock; I am sure he is the boy.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRENDERGAST
               



            . I am an officer, and apprebended the prisoner; he told me where the watch was pawned.
MRS. GENTLE. I went out about one o'clock in the morning, and was absent for three weeks.




               GUILTY (of stealing only)
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
