



1633. 




JOHN LEARY
 was indicted

for feloniously uttering a counterfeit sixpence, to 



Richard Goldsmith, on the 
11th of May, well knowing it to be counterfeit, having been previously convicted as a common utterer of base coin.


Mr. Chambers conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of John Learty and another at the City of Canterbury, at the Sessions held in January, 1837—this I have examined with the original record in the office of the town clerk of Canterbury—it is a true copy.





EDWARD PARKER
 (police-constable of the City of Canterbury C. 6.) I apprehended the person named John Leary, mentioned in this record—I was present at his trial, at Canterbury—the prisoner is the man—I am sure of him—(read.)





BENJAMIN AVERY
. My father keeps the Ship, in Lower Queen-street, Rotherhithe. On the evening of the 11th of May last, I saw the prisoner there—he asked for a pint of porter—I served him—he offered a 6d. in payment—I looked at it, and thought it was bad—I tried to bend it, and it bent double—I told him it was a bad one—he snatched it up and gave me a good one for it—he then drank his beer—after I had given him change he went away—after he left I went up to my sister, at the ship Argo, about half a mile off, and told her something—the prisoner came in there soon after I was there—my sister's name is Amelia M'Kenzie—I saw her serve him—I was not standing where he could see me—I was in the other room talking to the child.





AMELIA M'KENZIE
. I recollect my brother coming to the Ship Arge, about half-past eight o'clock, on the 11th of May—I served the prisoner with a pint of porter, he gave me a sixpence in payment—it was a bad one, I believe—I returned it to him, and told him it was a bad one—he instantly took it off the counter and bit it in two pieces, and said he was not aware that he had got a bad one—I told him it would serve him right to give him in charge—he said nothing, but went out instantly—the took the pieces away with him—he did not stay to drink the beer—I took it back again.





RICHARD GOLDSMITH
. I keep the Victoria, in Deptford Lower-road. I saw the prisoner there on the 11th of May, between nine and ten o'clock—he first asked me for three halfpenny worth of gin—I was going to serve him—he had got three halfpence in his hand—he said I might pour him out two pennyworth, and he would change a sixpence, as he had no more halfpence—I did pour him out two pennyworth, and he gave me a sixpence—I put it on. the counter—before he had drunk the gin the policeman Causton came in—I think he had drunk the gin, but I am not certain—but

he came in before I had put the sixpence away—he asked me if I had taken any money from him—the prisoner could hear what I said, he was standing by the counter—I said "Yes," I had taken a sixpence of him, but I had not put it away—it laid on the counter—I had given him the 4d. change before I took up the sixpence—I gave the sixpence I had taken to Causton.

Prisoner. I gave you sixpence, you took it from me, and put it behind the bar, and gave me 4d. change. Witness. I put it on the recess, I had not put it into the till at all—I gave him 4d. change—the policeman asked what money he had given me.

Prisoner. He gave him a good sixpence, and said it was what I gave him. Witness. I gave him the sixpence the prisoner gave me, it was not a good one.

Prisoner. The policeman said it was good, and then he produced another and said "This is the one." Witness. No, I did not.

COURT. Q. Did you give the policeman a sixpence, then the policeman say it was a good one, and then you give him another? A. I believe it was so—I think I put the first sixpence into the policeman's hands.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How did it happen that you showed the policeman a good sixpence? A. I put my hand into the till, cast my eye down, and said, "This is the sixpence he gave me"—somebody was calling me to the end of the counter, and when I turned back I saw the sixpence I had taken of him—the first I put my hand on I saw was a good one, then I turned back and said, "That is not the sixpence, the one I took of him is lying here," and I gave it to the policeman—I am quite sure I did not put the sixpence I received from him into the till—I am quite sure that the one the prisoner gave me was the second one I gave the policeman—my public-house is in the parish of St. Mary, Rotherhithe.:





THOMAS CAUSTON
. I am a policeman. On the 11th of May, I saw the prisoner, a little after nine o'clock, in Church-street, Rotherhithe, with two females—I followed them about a hundred and fifty yards—I then saw him leave the two females, and go into the public-house kept by Goldsmith—I went into the house, and asked Goldsmith if he had taken any silver of the prisoner—he said, "Yes," he had taken a sixpence—(the prisoner was present)—I asked him if it was good—he said he had not looked at it, but he would—he took up a sixpence from behind the counter, and gave it to me—I said, "This is a good one"—before I had well got it out of his hand, he turned round and said, "I have made a mistake, this is the sixpence he gave me," and he produced this one—I took him into custody—I kept the second sixpence—I searched the prisoner at the station-house, but found only 1 1/2 d. upon him.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am Inspector of Coin for the Royal Mint. (Looking at the sixpence.)This is counterfeit in all respects.




GUILTY
. Aged 59.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

