






1856. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LAWRANCE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of August
, 1 lookingglass, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Bond
                  




               
            .
RICHARD BOND. I keep a furniture warehouse
 in Seymour-street, Euston-square. On Tuesday, the 2nd of August, I was removing some goods under a distress-warrant, and about two o'clock I saw this looking-glass put into the body of a carriage which was in my van; I missed it between eight and nine o'clock at night - I saw Lawrance by the van when the glass was put in, and when I heard it was taken I came round the corner where the van stood,and saw Lawrance attempting to take some small things out of the van; I went up to him, and said, "My good man, what are you doing here?" he said, "Master, I am tying the ropes;" he was not employed by me, nor had any of my men asked him to do it - I told him to leave the ropes alone, and go about his business; the van at that time was waiting near my back premises in Drummond-street


; when I went down to arrange about unloading the goods three persons gave me information - the carman got into the van, and the glass was gone; they pointed out Lawrance, who was standing by - I told him I should not lose sight of him till I saw a Policeman; I then gave him in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q.Whose goods were they? A. The person's name was Lawrance - the distress-warrant is not here.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q. Who was the carman? A. Henry Mince; I left him in possession of the goods - they were not taken more than a quarter of a mile from Drummond-street; the cart remained in the street from two till between eight and nine o'clock, in order to determine about them.


                  JAMES 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Brand, a butcher. On the 2nd of August, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was in Drummond-street, and saw both the prisoners; this van stood between the Royal George and Drummond-street - I saw Lawrance get on the van, and shift the looking-glass out of the body of the chariot, and put it by the side of the van; Berry was at the other side of the van, and could see what he was doing - they walked up and down, and in about ten minutes they went to the side of the van; Lawrance took the looking-glass off the van, and gave it to Berry, who put it under his coat, and went away with it - I went and told the carman; I then went to look for Berry, but he was out of sight - Lawrance stood by the van, and said he had only been shifting the ropes; I saw Mr. Bond in about five minutes, and told him what I had seen - Just before Lawrance said he had been shifting the ropes, he offered me and 
               Lewis
             a penny between us to run into Wilstod-street, to touch the first coach in the rank, and bring him back the number, but we stood round the corner of Seymour-street, and watched - we came back, told him we had been, and there was no coach there; he walked up and down a little, then gave us a penny, and said,"Go away, because here is our master, and he don't like to see any boys here;" we then went round the corner, watched, and saw him give the glass to Berry.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q.How far were you from the van? A.Just across the road; the van was heavily laden-Berry was on the side nearest to us, and Lawrance on the other side; I could see it was a lookingglass, for it made a shadow against the gas-light - I had seen Berry before, but did not know him; he was close to us - I never said it was a picture; I went round the van, and saw what Lawrance did - we looked under the van; Berry came round, said he could not find it, and made some motion - we were round the corner when we saw Lawrance give it to Berry; they were both on one side then - the van was not between us and the prisoners.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q. Where do you come from? A. Charlotte-street, Somers'-town - I am out of employ; I lived with Mr. Grange, and was turned away - Lewis lives with his father, who keeps a horse and cart; Lawrance told us to go about our business, but we went round the corner when he said that - the carman was in the public-house, talking to Mr. Bond, when I told him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am fourteen years old; I live in Drummond-square, with my parents - they kept a coalshed and green-grocer's formerly, but now keep a horse and cart; I was with Wood, about three o'clock - the goods were stolen about eight or nine, in Drummond-street - I saw Lawrance get on the van, and shift the glass out of the body of the carriage, to the side of the van; he then came down, and said he was only fastening the ropes- Berry was just at the side of him; Lawrence said,"Which of you will run fastest to Wilsted-street, and touch a coach?" he spoke to me, Wood, and another boy; we ran round the corner, and watched them - we came back, said we had touched a coach, and asked them for a penny, which he said he would give us; he said, "Go away a bit, and I will give it you directly, but our master is behind us;" he came up afterwards, gave us the penny, and said, "Now go away, I'll take care of the van;" we went round the van, saw him get into it, and give the glass to Berry, who went away with it - I told Bond and the carman of it directly; they were both together - I could see the glass glittering about, as the gas was lighted.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you directly said to the other boy, "Here is the looking-glass?" A. Yes: and he said "Let us go and tell Bond, and the man"- the carman had told us to mind the van, and feed the horses, and said he would give us 1d.; when Lawrance took the glass, and gave it to Berry, I was at the side of the van, about half a yard off - he got on the wheel, got the glass off, and gave it to Berry, who was just by, waiting to take it; we saw him go away with it - when I saw Lawrance first take the glass, I was on the pavement, near the van; I did not see Wood peep under the van-I have not talked to him about this: there might he twenty people about - I went and told Bond; I did not call out.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q.Perhaps there were twenty people looking on at the time? A. We were round the corner, watching them, and saw them take the glass; we saw the shadow of it.


                  ROBERT 
                  LEVEY
               



            . I live in Little Drummond-street- the George public-house is in Great Drummond-street I am an engraver. On Tuesday, the 2nd of August, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I had occasion to wait at the George for a friend, who was talking to a person he had met; during that time Lawrance was holding the horse of a cart, containing ginger-beer - I saw him climb up behind the wheel of the van, put his hand into the the body of a chariot, and take something out, which I suppose was too heavy for him; he immediately put it down - he then got a looking-glass out of the chariot, and placed it by the side of the wheel; he then took it up, and put it on the other side of the van, within his reach - Berry came out of the public-house, looked me in the face, and went to the corner of Seymour-street; he then returned into the public-house; he came out in a very few minutes - I saw these two boys standing at the corner of Seymour-street; Berry passed me two or three times -he then went round the van, he could not find the glass, and said to Lawrance, "Where is it?" Lawrance said, "If you can't find it, I will;" he then went, reached it down from the van, and gave it into Berry's possession - Berry went off down Seymour-street with it; I immediately informed the carman - I saw Berry at three o'clock next day, and gave him into custody; he had a different coat on, but I knew his face.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. How often had you seen him before? A. Never - I suspected them when I saw the glass move, which was about ten minutes before it was taken, but I did not know where to find the carman till he came out of the public-house; I went down the gateway, and found him and Bond, and told him - I cannot swear it was a looking-glass they took away - I have not said so.


                  ROBERT 
                  WOOLLEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received Lawrance in custody, from Bond, and asked him what had become of the looking-glass; he said he knew nothing of it - next day, between three and four o'clock, I was with Levey, looking for Berry, and took him - I asked Levey if he was sure that was the man who took the glass; he said Yes, he was positive-Berry made no answer, but went quietly; he told me, in our way to the office, that he had been drinking at a public-house on Tuesday afternoon.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q. Did not Lawrance say he had the greatest difficulty to keep off a parcel of boys from the van? A. Not a word of the sort.
COURT. Q. Was the carman's name on the van? A. Yes.
Berry received a good coaracter.
BERRY - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Confined Six Months
            .
LAWRANCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
