



115. 




JOHN SIMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of October, 402 yards of calico, value 5l.; and 1 wrapper, value 1s.; the goods of 



Henry Hund and another.






JAMES RABETT
. I am a patrol of Bread-street. A little after seven o'clock, on the 30th of October, I heard an alarm given in Friday-street, and saw the prisoner running as fast as he could—I stopped him, and took him to the watch-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. WHAKESEY. Q. You merely saw him running down Friday-street? A. Yes—I don't know why he was running, but I heard a cry of "Stop thief!"





THOMAS RAWLINSON
. I am a stable-keeper and constable. I live in Little Distaff-lane—on the 30th of October, about seven o'clock, I was

fetched out of my house to go to a coffee-shop, at No. 14, Distaff-lane—I observed a cab stop there immediately as I got to the door—a person outside ran, and shoved the door part of the way open, and said, "Bring it out, it is all right, here is the cab"—the prisoner immediately brought this truss out on his knee—they went round the off side of the cab—I clapped my hand on the truss—the prisoner was on my left hand side, and the cabman on my right—I said I wished to know who the goods belonged to—the prisoner made no reply, but went round the cab, and ran away—the cabman still wanted to put it on the cab—I said, "No; lift it on my shoulder, I will take it to the watch-house"—when I got to the watch-house, the prisoner was there—I am positive he is the man who brought the truss out of the coffee-shop—my daughter keeps the coffee-shop.

Cross-examined. Q. When the cabman came up to the door, are you sure he said, "Here is the cab?" A. Yes; he did not say cart, but cab—the prisoner said, on going to prison, that he thought the man said "cart," but I said it was "cab"—he said he understood that a cart was at the door—he did not give me to understand he expected a cart to call for a truss—he did not say that he expected a cart, and was surprised at it being a cab—I had a dispute with him whether he said cart or cab—he said, coming down Newgate-street, that I was right in every thing I had said, except that he understood cart, I said it was cab.

COURT. Q. Was he giving the goods into the cab, which came to the door? A. Yes; he never let the goods go till I seized him, and asked where they came from—he made no reply, but went away—he could see it was a cab—he left the goods on the step of the cab—the cabman never went near the door—there was a man on the look out, to let him know when the cab was-coming—the man just shoved against the door and said, "It is all right, bring it out," and out came the prisoner with the truss on his knee—he brought it round to the off side, and placed it on the step of the cab.





SAMUEL ELLIOTT FREWER
. I am a warehouseman in the employ of Henry Hunt and James C. Sharp, of Wood-street. I have seen the property in question—it is six pieces of calico, and some wrapper, which had been packed up to send to Edward Hollis, a customer—it measured four hundred and odd yards, and was to be sent to Higham Ferrars—I had looked through the goods, and knew them to be the same—these are them.





AARON BROOKS
. I am porter to Hunt and Sharp. I packed up this truss, and put it into a van to go to Higham Ferrars, to go to the Cross Keys, St. John-street





THOMAS FORSTER
. I am servant to Mr. Barker, a carman, of Wood-street. I received the truss in question at Hunt and Sharp's—I missed it from my van in Little Britain—I had placed it about the middle of the van.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is Great Distaff-lane from where you missed the truss? A. It is a long way—I should think about three quarters of a mile—I did not miss it till near eight o'clock—I received it about six o'clock.





JOHN RICHARDSON
. I am a constable, of Great Trinity-lane. I received the truss at the watch-house, and have produced it here—Rawlinson delivered it to me.





THOMAS RAWLINSON

re-examined. I took the truss from the cab to the watch-house—it had just gone seven o'clock—the cab was about a quarter of a mile from Little Britain.


Prisoner's Defence. I was going to the coffee-shop, and saw a young man there, who said his cart had broken down, would I assist him—I drank my coffee, and the young man came and asked if I would be kind enough to bring the truss out to the cart—I felt surprised at finding a cab, but carried it to the cab—a person came up and asked who it belonged to, and the young man not giving a right answer, I went away.
(William Harford, salesman, Newgate-market; Humphrey Jones, Norton Falgate; George Burkett, butcher, Shadwell; and William Doncaster, butcher, Wands worth-road, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
