



950. 




GEORGE POULTNEY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Peyton, about the hour of ten in the night of the 
29th of March, at 

St. Nicholas Acons, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 4 pairs of boots, value 2l.; and 9 pairs of shoes, value 5l.; the goods of the said Henry Peyton.






HENRY PEYTON
. I live in King William-street, City, in the parish of St. Nicholas Acons. On Thursday night last, shortly before ten o'clock, (I am sure it was after nine o'clock,) I saw four pairs of boots and nine pairs of shoes packed in a bag, ready to be taken from the house—I occupy the whole house—I was not present at the time.





JOSEPH HENRY ELLIS
. I am in the prosecutor's service. On Thursday evening, the 29th of March, I went out of the shop on a message, and returned about twenty minutes to ten o'clock—the shop was then shut up—I tried the door and it was fast, and I went on my way home—a short distance from ray master's shop I met somebody, in consequence of which I turned back and passed the shop, and stopped talking to him for about a minute—I saw the prisoner at my master's door—I saw him stoop down to the lock, which you must stoop to undo, and use both hands at the same time—you cannot open it except you hold it, and use the key at the same time—he stooped as if he was opening the door—he opened it, and went in—I then ran to the door and rapped—I received no answer the first

time—I knocked a second time, and the prisoner opened the door to me—I immediately asked him if Mr. Peyton was at home—he said, no, he was not—I asked him where he was—he said, "Round the corner"—I asked him who he was, what was his business, and who had sent him—(I had a strong suspicion, because the night previous the house had been tried)—he said Mr. Peyton had sent him—I told him he must be wrong, and he must please to stop there till Mr. Peyton came and released him—he did not appear to know me—he said I need not alarm myself, that Mr. Peyton's young man had sent him as well—I then said to him, "I am his young man, and I am sure I have not sent you"—that caused him to be frightened—he made a rush forward—I had got hold of him by the coat—he struck me a violent blow on the head, and ran away—I followed him—I saw him put his right hand back, and pull something out of his pocket, which I thought to be a life preserver—he immediately struck me on the hat, above the head—he happened to hit the soft part of the hat, not the part next my head—I still followed him, and cried out "Stop thief"—a watchman ran off the pavement, and endeavoured to stop him in the middle of the road, and he knocked him down—another young man rushed forward directly and stopped him, and as soon as I saw him encountered with another, I rushed forward and helped to secure him, and he was given into custody—I afterwards returned to my master's shop, and found some shoes and cloth boots on the floor—some were packed in a bag lying on the floor—they were removed from their proper places of deposit in the shop—the bag did not belong to my master—there was a second bag lying close by it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long before you came back and tried the door had you been in the shop yourself? A. I left it exactly at nine o'clock—I had no watch, but I heard the clock strike—I was about half a dozen yards from the door, speaking to my friend, when I saw the prisoner stooping down—there were people passing and re passing—I do not know that what he had was a life-preserver—it was not what is termed one, it is a different thing—it was picked up—the constable called it a Jemmy— this is it—(looking at it)—the boots and shoes were not on the floor when I left the shop—they were all in their proper places—I cannot say I noticed them particularly, but they were not on the floor—the door was open when I went out—the shop was not shut then—I left Mr. Peyton, jun., and Mr. Peyton, sen., in the shop—I tried the door when I came back, and went away after trying it—my friend was not with me when I tried the door—I remained with him about a minute—he was in a situation to see what I saw—the gas was alight in the shop, and it shone beautifully—the prisoner opened the door very quickly—he was stooping down to the key-hole to open it—he got in before me, but I was very near catching hold of his coat as he was going in.





JOHN GENESE
. I met Ellis in King William-street—he called my attention to his master's house—I saw the prisoner go up to the house, and deliberately put the key into the shop-door, open it, and go in, and he shut the door immediately.

Cross-examined. Q. How far off were you? A. About four yards from the shop—Ellis turned round and looked in the same direction as me, and saw him just opening the door—I was talking to Ellis—we were going in a direction of the bridge, walking very slowly—from the manner he went in I thought he must belong to the place—his back was not to me—I saw his side face.






HENRY JOTCE
. I was in King William-street, between nine and ten o'clock on Thursday night—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and stopped the prisoner in consequence—he was running—a watchman came up and received him into custody—Ellis came up also.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Mr. Peyton's shop? A. Yes—I stopped him about fifty yards from there—I am sure I stopped the same person as the watchman took—I held him till Ellis came—he resisted very much.





JOSEPH CAFFYN
. I am a butcher, and live in Bermondsey-street. I was passing by Mr. Peyton's shop—as I got up to the door I heard Ellis say to the prisoner, "You must stop here till Mr. Peyton comes to release you—at that time he had hold of the prisoner by the coat—he rushed forward and struck Ellis on the side of the head with his fist, and ran off—I ran after him, calling "Stop thief," and he was stopped by a young man—the prisoner was inside the door when I first saw him—I saw him stopped by Joyce.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you lose sight of him till you saw him stopped? A. No, I did not—I am sure it was the prisoner—I saw him just inside the shop door—he was stopped close to the railing of the banking-house.





JOSIAH EVANS
. I am a street-keeper. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house in Candlewick Ward—I found in his pocket a key—I afterwards found this crow-bar in the railing near the door of Sanderson and Co., Bankers, in King William-street—I applied the key found on the prisoner to Mr. Peyton's shop door, and it opened it easily.





HENRY EYTON

re-examined. I had not sent the prisoner to my house—I never recollect seeing him before he was in custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you occupy the house? A. Yes—my father is the only person who sleeps there—the shop was closed about nine o'clock—he goes to the West-end generally, to my brother's, and returns about twelve o'clock—the house is left during that time—the boots and shoes are mine—they had been taken off the shelves and deposited in the bag—my father acts in the shop for me—he is not a partner—I pay him a weekly salary.
(Stephen Stiles, carpenter, Kingsland-road; William John Hagan, Edward-street, Kingsland-road; and Magdalen Scott, No. 1, Edward-street, Commercial-road; deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.
