





1580. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, 1 basket, value 6d.; 4 towels, value 4s.; 1 plum-bob, value 6d.; 1 pair of lines, value 6d.: 1 pair of iron pins, value 6d., and 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Youren
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL YOUREN. I am a bricklayer
. On the 8th of August I was in White's-row, between twelve and one o'clock; I had a basket of tools in my hand - I was a little in liquor, but knew perfectly well what I was about - the prisoner came and snatched the basket out of my hand, without saying a word; I had a long plum-rule in my right hand, and the basket in my left - she was a perfect stranger to me; there were two or three in company with her; she snatched the basket, ran off, and gave it to another person - I do not know what became of them; I ran, took the prisoner, and called for assistance - the other made her escape with the tools; I have never seen them since - I told her if she would produce my tools I would forgive her; she said she would take me to where they were - I went with her a little way, when two or three more persons came up, chiefly women; they shoved me about, and got me down - the prisoner tried to make her escape, but I held her fast till the Police came up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHEATLEY
               



            . I saw the prisoner and prosecutor together - he said, "I am robbed;" I said, "Can you swear that?" he said, Yes; I took the prisoner to the station-house - the prosecutor had been drinking, but he could tell me what he had lost.
Prisoner. This man came to me very much in liquor; he asked where the fire was - I said, as far as I knew, in Brick-lane; he let his board down three or four times and was not able to pick it up - he then missed a woman and these things; he took hold of me and knocked me about.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
