






23. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NEED
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     NOAH 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of November
, 2 sacks, value 2s., and 9 bushel of oats, value 21s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Mellish
                        




                     
                  , their master
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  CORK
               



            . I am bailiff to Mr. William Mellish of Bush Hill-park, Middlesex


; the prisoners were in his service. On the 2nd of November I went home; I got to the farm gate a little after six o'clock; I saw Stevens standing outside, as I supposed, waiting to take my horse, but instead of that, he went in at the gate and said, "Here comes master!" I did not see any one else; I spurred my horse, and went in at another door; I went up to him and said, "What are you doing? I think there is something wrong;" he said,"No, nothing is wrong;" I got off my horse, and felt with my stick, and felt something; I got nearer, and found it was a man with a sack of oats on his back; I said, "Who is here?" Need said, "It is me, Sir;" I said, "What have you got here?" he said, "Only a few oats, which the groom (meaning Stevens) has given me for my horses;" I had myself given out corn to each of the carters the same morning, sufficient for them till the Tuesday following, as we give out corn every Tuesday and Friday morning, and I had locked up the key of the granary in my cash drawer, so that it could not have been opened by that key; I made Need put the oats down, and he said, "I hope you will forgive me;" I went to the granary, and found the door locked, and in an old granary, about five feet from the door, I found a sack with some corn in it; and before I got into the granary, I found a basket which Stevens had been using that morning for another purpose, the bottom of which had been recently tarred, and some oats were sticking to the bottom of it; when I went into the granary I found some oats had been taken from the bulk since the morning, and on the bulk was the impression of the bottom of the basket; I went to the stable, and said to Stevens, "This is a very bad job;" he began crying and said, "I hope you will forgive me;" I said, "It is not my place to forgive you, I shall tell Mr. Mellish of it;" I then got a warrant, and the officer took both the prisoners; the granary must have been opened by a master key, as no force had been used; I have compared the oats found in the sack with those in the granary, and have no doubt they were the same.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoners. Need said he was very sorry for it, and hoped his master would forgive him; I compared the corn, and have no doubt it was the same - this is the corn and the sack.
Need's Defence (written.) I wanted some corn to feed my horses; the prosecutor's foreman was not in the way, as I was informed by the prisoner Stevens, who was in the loft - I told Stevens I wanted some corn, and observing two sacks full standing on the landing-place near to the granary, I asked him whose that was - Stevens said he did not know; he looked towards the landing-place from where he stood, and saw the corn - I went, and put one sack upon my back, intending to take it to my horses in the stable - while in the act of so doing, I saw the foreman coming towards me; I was afraid he would he angry at my taking the corn without his leave - he came to me, and asked what I had there in the sack; I told him without hesitation - I declare I had no felonious intent; I became alarmed, because I thought he would discharge me for having taken the corn without his leave; had I contemplated any felonious act, it was impossible I could carry the same into effect without immediate detection, because a watchman is always stationed at the gate, who would not allow me to pass out at the gate with corn or any thing else, unless I fully satisfied him.
Stevens handed in a similar Defence.
NEED - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
STEVENS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
