





1616. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH ADOLPHUS 
                     CLIFFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, 2 live tame fowls, price 4s., and 8 live tame chickens, price 5s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fry
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FRY
               



            . I live at Hammersmith


. I lost two hens and eight chickens on the 15th of June, from my yard at the back of my house; they were safe the evening before - I missed them about half-past five o'clock that morning; my hen-house was not locked, but was surrounded by a wall and a fence; on the Monday following the prisoner came and asked me if I did not want some person to work for me - I said No, and asked what he had done with the fowls that he and another had taken from me; he said he had not seen them - I asked if the Policeman had not stopped him, and if he had not told him his name was Field; he said No - I asked him if he had any objection to go to the station; he said No, and I sent for a Policeman, who took him to Shepherd's-bush station, where he had been stopped, and they knew him - one of my hens was a little game hen, and was lame, having had one of her legs broken - two of the chickens had small top-knots on their necks; the prisoner lived at Paddington.


                  HENRY 
                  BEVAN
               



             (Police-constable T 108). I met the prisoner at half-past three o'clock in the morning, at Shepherd's-bush; he had a small pheasant hen in an apron, and eight speckled chickens in a bag - another lad had a small game hen; the prisoner owned that he had taken the fowls, and sold them at Paddington for 6s. 9d.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor sent to my mother, and said he had a job to do; I went to him, and he sent me to Shepherd's-bush - they said I was the boy, but I am innocent.
JURY to 
               
                  HENRY 
                  BEVAN
               



            . Q. Are you positive this is the boy you saw? A. Yes, I swear positively he is.
COURT. Q. Was he taken before the Magistrate? A. Yes; he there made this statement, which is signed by Mr. Rawlings - (read).
The prisoner says the other boy asked me to go with him to his master's to fetch the fowls; he said they belonged to him; he got over the wall, and got them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
