





1861. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JACKSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 1 necklace, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Garnish
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Garnish
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  GARNISH
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Garnishwe
               



             live in West-street, Soho; he is a painter and glazier
. My daughter, Sarah, is only three years old; she was taken out by Mary Ball, with a coral necklace on, about half-past eleven o'clock - she was brought home about one without it; we found it at Bow-street - the prisoner is a stranger.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BALL
               



            . I am ten years old. On the 17th of July I took out the prosecutrix's child; it had hold of my hand, and just before we came to Denmark-street


, the prisoner came and took the necklace off; I cried Stop thief! and ran up the street - he turned towards Churchpassage, and then the Policeman took him; I lost sight of him for about a minute, while he turned the corner, but am sure of his person - there were two others with him, who ran another away.


                  THOMAS 
                  CANNON
               



            . I am a Policeman, I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw Ball pursue the prisoner up Denmark-street; I kept him in sight - he turned round Lloyd's-court, and there I saw him throw something into an area; I ran, and secured him - Lish stopped to pick up what was in the area; the necklace was produced, and Bill claimed it.


                  CHARLES 
                  LISH
               



            . I am a Policeman. I heard the girl cry Stop thief! and saw the prisoner throw the necklace down the area; I got it up.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Crown-street, and saw three children walking together - two young men passed them at the same time as I; there was a cry of Stop thief! a young man ran by me; I ran after him the same as the rest.


                  THOMAS 
                  CANNON
               



            . There was nobody between the girl and the prisoner.
CHARLES LISH. Nobody else was running in that direction.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
