



341. 




FRANCIS NOWLAN
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of December, 2 blankets, value 5s.; and 1 rug, value 2s.; the goods of 




Harris Lazarus.






HARRIS LAZARUS
. I am a clothes salesman and general outfitter, and live at No. 112, Upper East Smithfield, near the London Dock. On the 18th of December I missed a pair of blankets and a rug, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, from inside my shop—I had seen them a very few minutes before, placed on a seaman's bed by the door, inside the shop—they were near enough to be reached without coming into the shop—I saw them again a few days afterwards, at Lambeth-street police-office—it was on a Friday—I lost them on a Monday.





JOHN BURROUGH
. I am a policeman. On Monday morning, the 18th of December, I saw the prisoner offering these articles for sale, two blankets and a rug—I heard him offer them for sale to a man in Rosemary-lane, Whitechapel, for 3s. 6d.—the man refused to buy them, and I took the prisoner in charge—I asked him where he got them—he said his father gave them to him—I produce the articles.

Prisoner. Q. Were you present when I offered them for sale? A. Yes, three minutes before I took you into custody you were in a shop, and I was at the door.

Prisoner. I was passing by when a man said to him, "That man offered these things for sale," when he came and took me—he never heard me offer them for sale. Witness. I am certain I did—he was about was at three-quarters of a mile from Lazarus's shop.





HARRIS LAZARUS
. re-examined. I have seen these articles, and know them to be mine—I have many more of the same description in my shop, and have missed these articles—I have no particular mark of my own on them—they are six-quarter blankets, which is the size usual for seamen's beds—there is nothing particular in the quality—probably every salesman

has blankets corresponding with them—the rug is a bed one—it has no particular mark on it—it is the same size and quality as the one I lost that morning, it is five-quarters—I never saw the prisoner before, to my knowledge—the articles are worth 7s. or 8s. together.

Prisoner. I bought the things from my father before he went to sea, on the Saturday morning—he gave them to me as be was going to sea, and I can bring witnesses to prove it. Witness. They art quite new, and have never been used—the blankets are not separated—they have been woven together.




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

