



1984. 





THOMAS FOREMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing on the 
21st of June, 4 handkerchiefs, value 12s.; 1 neck-chain. value 30s.; 1 breast-pin, value 2s.; 1 brooch, value 15s.; 1 garnet drop, value 2s.; 1 pencil-case, value 4s.; 1 comb. value 6d.; 10 sovereigns, 4 half-sovereigns, 6 half-crowns, 18 shillings, 4 sixpence, and 2 fourpences; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Eyton, in a ship on the 
navigable river Thomas.

Mr. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





LIEUTENANT THOMAS EYTON
. On the 21st of June, I was superintendant of the Marine Society's ship, the lphigena—it was lying in the river Thames, off Greenwich—the prisoner was admitted on board the vessel on the 31st of March, by the Committee in London—after he had been on board the vessel about a month, I selected him as my servant—he was sent on shore every morning in the breakfast boat, at half-past seven o'clock, to get spring water—he went on shore on the 21st of June for that purpose, and did not return to the ship—I returned to the ship at half-past eleven o'clock—I had been absent during the night—on my return, I was informed of the prisoner's absence—I went into my bed cabin to put on my uniform coat, and I observed a screw driver on a chair near a chest of drawers—when I left they contained a cash-box—I unlocked the drawer, and found my cash-box broken open—the drawer was locked—I missed about 4l. out of that box—about 3l. 10s. in gold, a few shillings in silver, and a new fourpenny piece—there was a £10 note in the cash-box, which was not taken, and there was some railway shares left in it—a lady's dressing-case was on the table—my wife opened that in my presence, and missed about nine sovereigns from it, seven or eight half-crowns, a gold-chain, a silver pencil-case, a brooch, and several articles—four silk handkerchiefs were taken from the chest of drawers—I heard of the prisoner the same night, but it was a month afterwards before he was apprehended—on the 24th of July he was brought in custody by a constable—I have since seen the gold chain, a shirt-pin, the garnet drop, and two silk handkerchiefs, which have been pledged—I did not recover any money—the prisoner was brought on board the ship on the 24th of confined on board the vessel one night, taken before the Magistrate next day, and ordered to brought up next day—the witness Ward was taken up, and after some circumstances disclosed by her before the magistrate, he admitted her as a witness.





MARY GIFFEE WARD
. I am married. The prisoner came to my brother's in Titchfield-street, close by Portland-place—I cannot exactly say the day—it was in June, and between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day—I knew him before when he lodged at my brother's—I asked where he had been—he said he had been to sea—to the East Indies—I asked him where his ship laid—he said, "At Woolwich"—I asked him when he was going again—he said, "Within a month"—he then laid 6l. 10s. down on the table, and four silk-handkerchiefs—I asked him what he gave a piece for them—he said, 16d.—I asked him how they came to be made he said, "The whole ship's-crew had some made, and one he put on his neck, another in his cap, and two in his pocket"—he then showed me a gold chain and brooch—I asked what he gave for them—he said, "Trifling"—I afterwards pawned a silk-handkerchief, for 2s. at Mr.

Baylis, and two little brooches for 2s., and the gold chain for 10s. at Mr. Attenborough's—he said they were his property—he spent his money very fast—I got him a lodging, and he robbed it—when I found out he had stolen the property, I went to Marylebone station-house, and gave a description of him—I heard of this robbery at the office when I went to describe him, to have him found for the robbery at his lodgings, at Mr. Kew's—my husband was out the whole week looking for him, and took him.





JAMES PETTY
. I live in Ogle-mews, Marylebone, and am an apprentice to Mr. Kew. The prisoner came to lodge there on the 22nd of June Mrs. Ward brought him there—about a fortnight after he had been there I bought two silk-handkerchiefs of him, at 14d. a piece—these are then—he sold a brooch to Thomas Payne, Payne, who works in the same shop as I do—I lent him 5s. to pay for it—this is the brooch.





JOHN PAWLEY
. I was in Mr. Attenborough's service, he is a pawnbroker, in Charlotte-street. On the 27th of June, I received a gold chain in pledge from Mrs. Ward for 10s., and on the 2nd of July, a brooch and the top of a locket for 2s.—the gold chain is worth 12s. or 14s., not more—it is only fit for breaking.





GEORGE MACKLIN COLLEY
. I was in the service of Mr. Baylis, a pawnbroker, in Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square. About the 24th of June, Mrs. Ward offered us the chain—she afterwards pawned it at Attenborough's but I did not take it in—I took in a handkerchief from he on the 30th of June for 2s.





WILLIAM GRINWOOD
. I am Mrs. Ward's brother. In consquence of discovering that the prisoner had been doing wrong, I went in pursuit of him—I apprehended him in George-street, Tottenham-court-road—I think it was on the 23rd of July—it was Saturday night—I delivered his to Riley, the constable.





ROBERT FORDHAM
. I am a mariner belonging to the vessel. On Saturday morning, the 16th of July, the commander told me to go and look for the prisoner—I searched till between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and found he had been living at Kew's in Ogle-mews.





WILLIAM RILEY
. I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge on the 23rd of July, in Skinner-street—I produce a comb which I found on his person, and three handkerchiefs, but they are not identified—I asked him if he knew what I apprehended him for—he said, "Yes"—I asked if there was any body concerned with him in he robbery—he said, "No"—these two duplicates were delivered to me by the prosecutor.





JAMES PETTY

re-examined. I found under his bed, at Kew's his marine clothes, and in the pockets of them the two duplicates, which I delivered to Mr. Eyton.

LIEUTENANT EYTON
re-examined. When he was brought on board the vessel, Petty brought these two duplicates down to me—they refer to this handkerchief and the drop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.
