





Before Lord Chief Justice Tenterden.
2020. 
               
                  DOMINICK 
                  GANNON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, 1 hat, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Horn
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS HORN. On the 19th of October, about ten o'clock, I sat down on the step of a door in Holborn


, being fatigued; I was not in liquor - I sat down to rest; the prisoner came up, and instantly took my hat off my head, put it on his own head, and put his hat on my head- he ran off; I ran and got my hat from his head - he made a snatch at the one I had on, but I held the brim, and it broke, leaving it in my hand; I called Stop thief! he ran up a court, and the Policeman took him.
Prisoner. Q. Do you believe I intended to steal your hat? A. I do; it was almost new - the prisoner's was only part of a hat.


                  THOMAS 
                  POCOCK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty, and saw the prosecutor sitting on the step - I saw the prisoner, as he passed, take his hat off, and put it on Horn, who jumped up, seized him, and took his hat from him; the prisoner ran away - I ran and apprehended him - I found twenty-nine duplicates on him for hats and other things.
Prisoner. Q.Was the prosecutor drunk? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a man sitting on the step of a door, with his head cast down in a manner I thought injurious to him; I knocked him on the hat, and told him to awake - he said I meant to steal his hat; he struck me, and I ran away, thinking he would strike me again.


                  THOMAS 
                  HORN
               



            . He did not touch me on the head, or awake me - I was not asleep.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
