



651. 




JAMES TURNER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Gibson, at 
Edmonton, about the hour of one o'clock in the night of the 
18th of December, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 60lbs. weight of pork, value 30s.; 1 keg, value 1s.; 5 quarts of rum, value 6s.; 2 loaves of bread, value 1s. 8d.; and 1 basket, value 4s., his property.






ANN GIBSON
. I am the wife of Joseph Gibson, a publican, we live in the parish of Edmonton. On the 18th of December I was alarmed after one o'clock in the night, and went down stairs—we had killed a pig on the Friday before, and put it into a salting-tub in the cellar—I found it lying on the tap-room table—a policeman was in the house, and the prisoner in his custody—a basket with two pieces of pork in it was taken out of the cellar, and placed outside the back part of the house—there was also a keg with some rum in it belonging to Mr. Naylor, found outside the house—it had been sent to us by Mr. Naylor, who supplies us with rum.

Cross-examined by
MR. CARDEN. Q. Who manages your business? A. I do—my husband has been confined to his bed these three years—the cellar is on a level with the house, and under the same roof—we enter it inside the house by the bar.





JOHN LAYTON
. I am one of the Edmonton police. On Tuesday night, the 18th of December, about one o'clock, I was on duty and saw a man come up to the end of Mr. Gibson's barn—he stopped there, and then went on again—I watched him round to the back of the house, and be began making a bole into the cellar—I could hear him doing it—it is a lath and plaster wall—when he had got a hole he popped a light in, and I heard him get in himself—he went out of that cellar into the next—I could hear him—both cellars are under the same roof—I saw him come out of the hole—after hearing him pulling some things out, I went round to the back of the house, and stood nearly opposite the hole—I watched him, and took him as soon as he got out, and the things all laid outside the hole—I alarmed the house—I asked him what he had been doing—he said be had been doing nothing—I asked what he did there—he said he was late home and went round there to lie down—the young man living in the house came down first and let us in—we found 61lbs. of salt pork outside the house, a cask of spirits, a flag basket, and two quartern loaves—I

found some duplicates on the prisoner, also a hack knife, and a putty knife—I believe he is a glazier.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was he getting in? A. Not many minutes getting through—I was watching him nearly an hour before I took him—I could not see him because I was on one side, and he the other—the noise I heard was like rending the laths, not such as would be made by pushing through a hole.





JOSEPH KNIGHT
. I am servant to Joseph Gibson. On the night in question I was alarmed between twelve and one o'clock by the policeman—I got up and opened the door, and found he had the prisoner—I found the salt pork lying on the left hand of the yard in a bag close under the hole in the wall—there was no hole there when I went to bed—the hole communicated with the cellar—I saw a flag basket lying there which had been in the cellar before—the pork was part of the pig we had killed—it had been in the pickling tub—I looked into the tub, and it was gone—there were two quartern loaves lying in the yard, which had been in the safe the night before.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you examine the cellar before you went to bed? A. Yes; at ten o'clock—I went down as the brewers had been, I was not certain whether 1 had fastened the door or not, and I went down to see—the hole was about fifteen inches by twelve—the prisoner could get through it.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Life.
(There were three other indictments against the prisoner for burglary.)

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder,

