



1321. 




ISAAC DOWSETT
 was indicted

for that he, having been previously convicted as a common utterer of counterfeit coin, on the 
11th of April, at 
West Ham, Essex, 1 piece of false and counterfeit coin, resembling and apparently intended to resemble and pass for a piece of the King's current silver coin, called a crown, unlawfully, unjustly, deceitfully, and feloniously didutter and put off to 



Jane Cable, knowing the same to be counterfeit.


MR. DOWLING
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Isaac Dowsett, at Romford, in July, 1834—I examined it with the original record, at the office of the clerk of the liberty of—it is a true copy—the record was read to me first, and I afterwards read the record while the clerk read the copy—I examined it with the chief clerk in the office (read.)





SAMUEL SOUTHEY
. I am keeper of the prison at Rom ford. I saw the prisoner tried on the 4th of July, 1834, in the Romford Court, for passing

a bad half-crown, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment in Ilford House of Correction; the last fourteen days solitary—I took him there, and left him there in execution of his sentence—I saw him several times afterwards in the gaol—I remember his being discharged six months after he received sentence.





JANE CABLE
. I am a linen-draper, and live at Plaistow. On Saturday evening, the 11th of April, the prisoner came to my shop, about eight o'clock, and asked for a pair of stockings—I gave him a pair at 18d.—he gave me a five-shilling-piece—I gave him 3s. 6d. change—he then went away—I showed it to my mother about five minutes afterwards, but kept it in my possession—I afterwards mentioned it to a person named Fisher—I saw him in King's custody in about an hour, and knew him again—I did not know him before—he had a basket with him when he came and when he was brought back—I gave the five-shilling-piece to King—I know him to be the same person.

JURY. Q. Did you put the crown-piece into a drawer or till? A. No; I kept it in my own possession—I had no other crown-piece.





STEPHEN KING
. I am a constable. From information I received on Saturday, the 11th of April, I went in pursuit of the prisoner—it was a moonlight night—I went in the direction of the iron bridge on the Barking road, and saw the prisoner running about fifty yards from me—I did not know it was him till I got up to him—I called to the man at the gate to stop him, but he did not go on the bridge, but into a stack of osiers—I found him concealed in the stack—I found this basket at the entrance of the osiers, close to the road—it was between two bundles of osiers—I found in the basket a pair of stockings and a loaf, it was about ten yards from him—I asked him if he had bought a pair of stockings at Miss Cable's—he said he had—I said he must go with me to Miss Cable's; and he came with me—he said, "Don't handle me"—he said he dare say if he gave the change back it would be all right—I did not tell him it would be better or worse for him to confess—I took him to Miss Cable's shop with the basket—he said the basket and its contents were his—Miss Cable recognized him directly, and gave me this piece of coin—I have had the care of it ever since—I searched the prisoner at the watch-house, and found a five-shilling-piece and 9s. 6d. on him, all good money—all I noticed that night as the five-shilling-piece—I had 14s. 6d. delivered to me afterwards—I did not take his money from him till I got to Ilford gaol, and I received it from the gaoler.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector to the Mint. This is a counterfeit crownpiece, made of Britannia spoon metal.





WILLIAM RAYNOR
. I am a baker at Plaistow, in Essex. On Saturdays evening, the 11th of April, about eight o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop and asked for a loaf of bread—he paid me a five-shilling-piece—I gave him 4s. 9 1/4 d. in change, four shillings and a sixpence in silver—I put the five-shilling-piece in my pocket—I had no reason to suspect it at that time—I had no other crown-piece in my pocket, nor any silver at all in that pocket—I continued to wear the same small clothes till I went to bed, and wore them again next morning—from what I heard I examined the crown-piece, and thought it was a bad one—I showed it to my daughter—I had it in my hand—I then put it into a drawer by itself—the desk which the drawer was inside of, was locked every night—I put it into the drawer about ten o'clock in the morning, I never meddled with it afterwards—on the 18th of April I directed my daughter to go to the drawer, and she bought me a crown-piece—the desk was not locked during the day—it was

accessible to my daughter during the day, but to nobody else—it is in the parlour adjoining my shop—I have no other children at home—I have servants; they have no business at my drawer—the crown-piece my daughter gave me was a bad one, and the one I had taken on the 11th; this was the Saturday following—I did not see it between that and the 18th—I gave it to King on the 18th—I should know it again—I had not marked it—it is the same in appearance, and appeared to be made from the same base metal.





ELZABETH RAYNOR
. I am the daughter of the last witness. On Sunday, the 12th of April, my father showed me a bad five-shilling-piece—I noticed it, but not so as to know it again—I did not go to his drawer till the Saturday following—I then saw it in a drawer in his desk—I had not seen him put it into the drawer, but I saw it in the drawer on the Sunday morning; almost directly after, he said he had taken a bad crown-piece—I took it out of the drawer on the following Saturday, and gave it to my father—it appeared the same sort of coin as I had originally seen in the drawer—I did not see my father mark it.





STEPHEN KING

re-examined. Raynor gave me a crown-piece, which I produce.





WILLIAM RAYNOR

re-examined. This is the crown-piece I marked and gave to King; it is the coin I took from the prisoner.





ELIZABETH RAYNOR

re-examined. This is the coin I took out of the drawer, and which I saw in the drawer, I believe.





JOHN FIELD
. This is a bad crown-piece, and is made from the same mould as the first, and is alike in all respects.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

