





57. 




JOHN DAVIS
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of November, at
 St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, 20 yards of silk, value 6s., the goods of 




William John Speaight, in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Smith; and 




ELIZABETH HILL
 and 



MARY HILL
 were indicted for

 feloniously receiveing the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statue






WILLIAM JOHN SPFAIGHT
. I am a silk weaver, and live in London-street, Bethnal-green. Davis worked in one of my looms, for about six weeks—he founds his won work—he had it from his own employer, and worked it at my premises—he was to pay me 3s. a week for the use of the

loom, and his tea—he never paid me any thing himself, I have received part of the money—I had some silk which I was answerable for, and lost it form one of my looms—It was 29 yards of violet colour, worth 6l.—It was in the same room as he worked—I missed it on Tuesday the 10th of November—he came to work about seven o'clock that morning, but he never came to work afterwards—I have seen my silk at the pawnbroker's—Hannah Eggington worked in the same room—Davis was apprehended by Reed, and said, "I will give myself up"—Reed said, "Oh, you vagabond"—Davis then said, "you have got to prove I took it"—Brown the officer had gone the back way the house in Chester-street, and Reed waited at the front—the prisoner came to the front, and said, "I will give myself up"—nobody had ever charged him with any offence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was Brown in an officer's dress? A. He is a worship-street officer—the prisoner had seen Brown get over the back-fence—he came to the front, thinking to escape, and on seeing Reed, said, "I will give myself up"—the silk was in Thomas Smith's house, and I occupied the workshop—It has not a separate entrance to it—I saw the silk on the 10th of November, about two o'clock, in the loom—I left Davis at work there when I went out—It is form 4s. 6d. to 5s. a yard—the house in is the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green—I missed it all at one time—when I was informed of it, about eight o'clock in the evening—the prisoner's own work was also gone—when I saw it at the pawnbroker's it was folded up—I do not know whether the whole twenty-yards were there.

COURT. Q. Is it worth 6l. to you, or to sell? A. To sell at the wholesale price—It is not exactly in a finished state—It would take about half an hour to finish it off—It would fetch 6l. in the state it is in.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you ever sell any? A. No; my employer told me it was worth that—he is not here—It is a particular kind of work, very rich—I can swear there are more than 27 yards—I did not measure it—we never measure till the whole piece is finished, but when we turn on, a bill comes off at every twelve yards.





HANNAH EGGINGTON
. I live in London-street—I am a single woman, and work in the same shop as the prisoner—I left him in the shop on Tuesday evening the 10th, about six o'clock—I did not see him after that—his work, and the prosecutor's were both safe at the time I left—the windows were fastened—when I was going, the prisoner said he should make half a yard more, which would take him about an hour—I came back about eight o'clock, and found the back window open, and hid work cut and gone—the window must have been opened inside—I got a light, and found his work cut form the loom, and some of it on the floor—that was about two yards—I fetched Mr. Speaight up—my work was also cut form the loom—that is what the prosecutor spoke of, I had been employed on it—Davis used to come about seven o'clock in the morning—he never returned afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you ever buy or sell this sort of silk? A. No; our employed told us it was worth 6l.—my father-in-law's name is Thomas Smith—the house belongs to him.





THOMAS SMITH, JUN
. I shall be ten years old next June—I live at No. 1, London-street—I recollect the prisoner's working at my father's, the day after Lord Mayor's day and he did not come any more—I was at home—Davis was there between six and seven o'clock that evening—I let him in twice—It was dark—he went up without a light—he staid about twenty minutes, or a quarter of an hour, and came down,

and slammed the door—he came a second time, and I let him in—he staid about ten minutes that time—I did not open the door to any body that evening but him—Eggington came in afterwards.





HANNAH SMITH
. I am the wife of Thomas Smith, and live in London-street, Bethnal-green—Speaight occupied our workshop—I was at home on the 10th of November, about six o'clock, with my husband and little boy—Davis was left there, and went out shortly after Eggington—nobody could go up-stairs to the room without my knowledge—they must open there doors; and the street-door is always kept shut—a knock came to the door—I sent my boy to open it and heard the prisoner Davis say, "Tommy," to my boy—he went up in the workshop, and staid there a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes, and slammed the door very hard—he came back a second time—my son let him in—he staid about the same time; and I heard him go out again, and shut the door after him—he used to come to work about seven o'clock, but he never came afterwards—I afterwards went to the room, at eight o'clock, at night, and missed my daughter's work and the prisoner's work was lying a little in the ground—the workshop in on the first floor—the window was open—nobody could get into the room that way without breaking a pane of glass, and no glass was broken—the window must have been opened form the inside, as it fastens with an iron fastening I am certain nobody came in between the time Eggington went out and the prisoner's going, except a basket of clothes coming form the mangle, which I took in myself, and shut the door again—my sister was with me.

Cross-examined. Q. When had you seen the window fastened? A. In the afternoon—I must have seen if it had been open—I saw it fast—It opens sideways.





JAMES BROWN
. I am a constable. I know No. I, London-street, is in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green—I have been on duty there seventeen years, and am a parishioner.





SAMUEL REED
. I am a silk-weaver, and live in North-place, Bethnal-green. I have know Davis some time—he used to lodge at his mother's No. 13, Cheshire-street, Waterloo-town—In consequence of in in the house, by his mother's leave—I watched again, the following morning, and went to Worship-street officer, and fetched Brown, the officer, with a search-warrant—we searched No, 13, he was not to be found there—we went into the back-yard, and Brown thought he saw him go from the parlour of No, 16. which is the next house—I went to the front-door, and was going to knock, but the door opened; and the prisoner Davis whom I always knew by the name of Crawley, appeared—I caught him in my arms—he said, "Oh, I will give myself up"—I said, "Oh, you vagabond"—he said, "Ah, you have got to prove first, that I have taken the work"—I will not be positive whether he said "work," or "it"—It was one or the other—I told him there was not the least shadow of a doubt but he had taken it—Brown came in, and I gave him to him—I had not mentioned the work to him, or silk, or any charge at the time he said, "You have the prove I took it."

Cross-examined. Q. Do you swear you said nothing else to him, but "Oh, you vagabond?" A. I do swear it—I work for Mr. Emerson, Spital-square—No, 16, is next door to his mother's house—this was on Wednesday the 11th, about cleven o'clock, or later—It might he twelve o'clock.






JAMES BROWN

re-examined. I took the prisoner form the witness—I did not say a word to him till Was going with him to the office—I then said, "This a black job"—he said, "You have got witness to prove I took it."

Cross-examined. Q. you had not seen the silk when you said it was a black job? A. No; that is all I know.





SAMUEL REED

re-examined. In consequence of information I went to No. 110, New Gravel-lane, Ratecliffe-highway, on the 19th of November, and saw Elizabeth Hill there—I told her I had been with Jack Crawley the night before, and he had told me, she had got the duplicate of some silk she had pledged for him—her answer was, so help her God, she had neither pawned the silk, nor had she the duplicate; and in a moment afterwards she acknowledged that her sister pawned the silk, but she gave the duplicate and money to that man—but she did not know his name—Mary Hill came in at the time of our conversation, I turned round and asked her if she had got the duplicate—she said, no, she had not—I said, "It is no good telling me a lie, you knew you have got it"—she said, no her sister had got it—I turned round to her sister, and said, "you have got it, for one of you must, for he told me, he had three yards of brown silk, and he had left that, and the duplicate with you"—I said, "One of you must have it"—Elizabeth said, "No, neither of us has got it, for I desired my sister-to pledge the silk"—I asked Mary where it was pawned—she took some coral beads off her neck to go and pawn at the same shop, as the silk was pawned—I went with Brown and Mary, to Kennedy's, No.184, High-street, shadwell, and saw the silk, and recognized it, having seen it before.





JAMES BROWN

re-examined. I went with Reed to the house where Elizabeth Hill was, and said, I was informed she had duplicate of some silk she had pawned for Jack Crawley—she said, she had not, the sister came in—Elizabeth gave me a pocket-book, the duplicate of the silk was not in it—but I found a duplicate in it, with the address "No, 13, Cheshire-street" on it—I asked how she same by that, she said the prisoner's sister had given it to her—I said, I am information you pawned the silk"—she said, "I did not, but Crawly brought the silk to me, and I sent sister to pawn it;" and the sister who was then present, said, "Yes, I pawned it at Kennedy's, in High-street, for 1l."—I said they must go with me—she said, she must get her cloak out of pawn, and took her bends off to pawn, to redeem it—Elizabeth said Crawley brought the silk to her, and she declined buying it, which he wanted, and refused to pawn it, but he sent Mary with it who gave him the duplicate and money.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she not say Crawley had represented the silk to her as his own? A. Yes; I asked Elizabeth how she came to the office the day the man was committed, if she did not know him—she said she was there—I told her she had taken him money and victuals—she said she did—I said, "I am informed you have sent more money and provision to him now"—she said she had.





SAMUEL REED

re-examined. I heard Elizabeth say, Crawley represented the silk as his own.





BENJAMIN CUTHBERT
. I am shopman to Lawrence Kennedy, a pawnbroker, in High-street, Shadwell. I produce about twenty-seven yards of silk—I have not measured it—I took it in pawn for 1l., which was the sum asked—In the name of Ann Young—It was pledged by the prisoner, Mary Hill.

Cross-examined. Q. Form Your Knowledge of the property, is that not likely to be a good deal under the value? A. Certainly; I expected it

to be redeemed—she was in the habit of pawning a great many things at our shop before—very good things, and redeemed them afterwards.

MR. SPEAIGHT
re-examined. This silk is mine, and what I lost—I know it by the marks at the beginning, which I made myself—It id meant for ladies' cloaks—It would sell for four or shillings a yard, wholesale price.

Davis. I am guilty—I took it to Elizabeth Hill's house, and told her it was my property—I asked her to buy it—she, "No"—I asked her to pawn it—she would not, but said her sister would take it—she asked if it was my own, over and over again—I said it was my own.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
 of stealing under the value of 5l. Aged 23.



Transported for seven years.

ELIZABETH and MARY HILL—


NOT GUILTY
.
