



298. 




ANN DONOVAN, alias
 Driscoll

, was indicted

 for stealing on the 
3rd of December, 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



Isaac Death, from his person.






ISAAC DEATH
. I am a fisherman, I live at Colchester, and belong to the Martha. On the 3rd of December I was coming along Thames-street, by Tower-hill and the Custom-house—I went into a public-house, had some porter, and saw the prisoner and two other women, who all three followed me out into Billingsgate-market—I went into a public-house in Dark-house-lane—the prisoner ordered a quartern of gin—I had one glass and a pint of ale—when I came out the prisoner came to me—I had been talking with her about a person who came from our part—I told her I did not know such a person—just as I was going on board my smack, a person asked if I had not lost any thing—I felt, and missed half-a-sovereign, two half-crowns, one shilling marked "ID," and, I believe, a sixpence—I have since seen the shilling—I am certain I had not parted with it—the prisoner was taken into custody—she put her hand into her bosom, took the money out, and held it fast till the officer told her to give up what she had got, and out of her bosom fell half-a-sovereign, half-a-crown, one shilling, and twopence—the shilling was marked "ID."

Prisoner. Q. Did not you give me a shilling and two half-crowns to go on hoard the ship with you? A. No; I told her I had a wife and family, and would not go with her.

Prisoner. He asked me to go on board with him, and said he would give me 4s. or 5s.—he gave me two half-crowns and a shilling, as he said his ship was going out at two o'clock in the morning, but I would not go with him—he called a policeman, and gave me in charge—he was very tipsy. Witness. I was as sober as I am no w—I never gave her any thing—the bag containing my money was taken out of my left-hand pocket, but I afterwards found it in my jacket pocket empty.





JOHN WINGRAVE
, (City police-constable, No. 105.) I saw the prosecutor in company with three women, and told him to go or he would be robbed—I watched them out of the public-house into the market, then spoke to the officer on the next beat about it, and they were all three taken into custody. The prisoner was searched, and I saw the money produced out of her right hand—the shilling marked "I. D." was among it.

Prisoner. I told them he gave it me to go with him—I put the money in my bosom, as I thought he would want it again, as I would not go on board with him—the policeman told him not to say he took me into a public-house, but that I took him in. Witness. I followed her along

Thames-street into another public-house, knowing her character, and watched her well—I told her to go home about her business.





WILLIAM LEWIS
. I am a policeman. I cautioned the prosecutor who I saw with the three women—they went into a public-house in Dark-house-lane—when they came out I stopped them, about ten yards from the top of the lane, and asked the prosecutor if he had lost any thing—he put his hand into his pocket and said, "I have lost my purse containing one halfsovereign, two half-crowns, one shilling, and, I believe, a sixpence"—he gave a description of the purse—I called two officers, and we took the women to the station-house—I was ordered to search the prisoner—she said, "Stop a bit, I will give you all the money I have, if you find any more on me it don't belong to me"—she gave me one halfpenny, which I put on the table, and began to search her—on finding her left arm very close to her side, I lifted it up, and the money fell from her arm-pit into her stays—I was going to take it, and she took it out herself—I seized her hand, and with a good deal of persuasion she opened herhand on the table, and there was a half-sovereign, two half-crowns, a shilling, sixpence, and 2d.

Prisoner. I told him he gave it me to go on board with him. Witness. She did not—she frequently laid hold of the prosecutor's arm, saying, "Now, let us go home and have a drop," and she might have dropped the purse into his pocket—the prosecutor had the appearance of having taken gin, but knew perfectly what he was about—I did not observe whether the prisoner had a pocket—she was searched by a female.





ISAAC DEATH

re-examined. The prisoner sat alongside me in the house, and after I had got out of the door she caught hold of my arm, and said, "Come along, here is an officer"—she had an opportunity of putting the purse into my pocket.
(Edward Parsley, of Wheeler-street, Spitalfields; and Henry Shaw, of Aldersgate-street, Bethnal-green, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.** Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.
