



1796. 




DANIEL SMITH, alias
 Donovan

, was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Francis Butcher, on the 
5th of July, at 
St. Dunstan Stebonheath alias Stepney, and stealing therein 7 sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 10 shillings, and 1 sixpence, his monies.






FRANCIS BUTCHER
. I live at No. 19, Holme-street, Green-street, in the parish of Stepney, or St. Dunstan Stebonheath. On the 5th of July, I went with my family to Fairlop fair—I went between nine and ten o'clock in the morning I locked the house up—the side door was locked, and the doors and windows all fast—nobody was left in the house—the inside door was left ajar—I have two lodgers, they both went with me—I returned about ten o'clock at night, and found my brother-in-law, who lodges with me, there—I found in my bed-room two boxes broken open, and the drawers open—I missed seven sovereigns, ten shillings, one half-crown, and sixpence, from a box which I left locked, and had the key—my brother is not here—he was not at the office—he was the first that got home.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did your lodgers contniue at the fair with you? A. They did all—day my brother went home some time before me—he might have been at home an hour before me—he had no key of the door to get in with—he must have waited till I got home to get in.





WILLIAM HENRY NOON
. I am a retailer of beer. On Sunday afternoon, I was called buy Dempsey, a cooper, to Mr. Butcher's bouse, about half-past three o'clock—I went to the door in Green-street, and Dempsey to the other door—we knocked for four or five minutes, and heard a noise at the stable door—Dempsey ran to the stable door, and secured the prisoner by the collar—I secured him also—he lifted his arm to strike me, and I laid hold of his wrist—he called out for Jack to come to his assistance—I took him to the back parlour of my house, and then went back to Mr. Butcher's house throught the stable—I found the back door open—I saw a box in

the bed-room with the lid broken open—next day I found a picklock key under the chair where the prisoner had sat in my house—I first went to the prosecutor's house, the stable door, and all the other doors were fast—I went there in consequence of Dempsey alarming me—the prisoner was within the stable door.





SAMUEL RICHARD CUTBILL
. I am an officer. I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody, in Noon's parlour—as I entered the room he threw three keys and a handkerchief on the ground—I found two knives on him, thirteen skeleton keys, two shillings, and three-halfpence—I found the money in his waistcoat pocket, with a chisel and pencil-case.





JAMES DEMPSEY
. I live opposite the prosecutor's premises. On Sunday afternoon, I saw a man knocking repeatedly at the side-door, and then put something into the keyhole, which did not open it—he then put something else in, and that turned round—he then walked into Green-street, and then the policeman came down a short distance—he then returned, walked in, and closed the door after him—I put on my coat, and went down to Noon's and told him—he came to the shop door, and I to the private door—I knocked repeatedly, but they did not open it—I said, as loud as I could, "We will call again; Mr. Buteher is gone to the fair"—I said that to throw the prisoner off his guard—we knocked repeatedly, and I heard a rustling at the gate—I ran to the gate, and took the prisoner inside the gate leading to the stable that is built in the yard—he must have come from the house—he could not get to the stable without going into the house—the gate was closed, and he came out—it was fastened when I first went—I took hold of him—he said he was a friend of Mr. Butcher, and had come to hire a vehicle—we took him into Noon's bacck parlour—I heard something drop from him there—I saw the keys found on him at the station-house, with a chisel and a knife.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there not a door to the stable? A. No, not from the street.

COURT. Q. Did you find the stable door open or shut? A. Open—there is a door opens into the street—the gate leads into the stable from the street. 


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Life.
