






800. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LEE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     RYAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, 4 sovereigns, and 5s shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Carlier
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN CARLIER. I am a journeyman silk-weaver
. On the 1st of March I fell in with Lee in Whitecross-street; she asked me whether I would give her any thing to drink; we went to a house in Bunhill-row, and had some gin - she then asked me to go home with her, which I did, to some place adjoining Chequer-alley


; I went up one pair of stairs - Ryan was in bed; Lee then came and leaned on me - I found her hand in my pocket, but it was out before I could recover myself, and she was down stairs - in going down she talked Irish very much; I had four sovereigns in my breeches pocket, and some silver in my waistcoat pocket, and a quarter of an ounce of pigtail tobacco - I came down, and saw no more of them that evening; I did not give an alarm, as I was rather afraid, never having been in such a place before; when Lee went down, Ryan got up very quick, and wished to get down stairs - I did not like to go down, and she went into the middle of the room, and spoke Irish again; I went the next morning, and found them both in a public-house; I gave charge of Lee - she was searched; she stooped down, and took 1l. 7s. 6d. and a few halfpence from her stocking.
Lee. I did not rob him, and he did not say that he found my hand in his pocket. Witness. Yes I did - I put my hand outside my pocket, and missed the money.

JOSEPH SCOTT. I am licensed victualler. On the 1st of March, about a quarter to twelve o'clock, Lee came to my house for a pint of gin, and gave me a sovereign for which I gave her change.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THURSTON
               



            . I am bar-man at a wine vaults. I gave Lee change for two sovereigns, on Saturday morning, the 2nd of March.
TAUNTON DEAN. I am bar-man at Mr. Gurneys's wine vaults. Ryan left a sovereign with me on the 2nd of March, and told me to take care of it - she never left money with me before.


                  JAMES 
                  TURNER
               



            . I keep a general sale-shop, No. 95, Whitecross-street. On Saturday morning; the 2nd of March, I saw Lee and a number of other girls intoxicated - I suspected something, and about half past ten o'clock, Ryan came and asked to look at a bonnet; she said, "Never mind the price;" I told my wife to get a bonnet down, and said to Ryan "Old girl, you have been in luck" - she said, "Yes, the other girl brought the man home, but I got 25s. 6d. out of it;" she then said, "You little think where my purse is;" she then turned her back to me, and got out a sovereign and 2s. from under her clothes; she then said,"Do you smoke or chew? I got his tobacco as well when I got these, I always clear them out;" I said,"Was he a rich or a poor man?" she said, "All he had on was not worth a shilling," I then told the Policeman, and he brought the prosecutor, who stated he had lost four sovereigns; I said, "Did you lose any tobacco?" he said, "Yes, a quarter of an ounce of pigtail."
JOSEPH GREGORY (Police-constable G 186). I took Lee to the station-house; she took from her stocking 1l. 7s. 6d., and put it into her bosom; I found in her pockets 1s. 5 1/2d. in copper - I then took Ryan; she said she knew nothing of the robbery, but when she came down, Lee said she had got a sovereign and some silver from the prosecutor, and she wished her to get him outside.
Ryan's Defence. I have got a witness that I showed the sovereign to on the 28th of February.
BRIDGET KEY. On Thursday, the 27th of February, Ryan came to me, and asked me to mind her child, as she was going to sell some fruit - I said I would, and she showed me a sovereign which she had to buy fruit; I should not know it again.
Ryan. On the 28th of February I went out to look for a lodging; I met this prisoner, who was a stranger - I asked her for a lodging; she said I might stop with her; which I did for four nights: on the night of the 1st of March she came in with the man - I did not like to stay in the room; I got out of bed, and put on my gown - the man asked me if I would have a drop of ale: he put his hand into his pocket to give me sixpence, and dropped a half-sovereign - I went down to the passage, and Lee came and asked me to get the man out; I said; as she had brought him in I did not like to get him out - she spoke in Irish to me; the prosecutor then sat down on the threshold of the door - I asked him to go home, but he would not; I took him up, and took him down - I was sweeping the room the next morning, and found this tobacco; she had left a bonnet and shawl at Torner's, and on the 2nd of March she gave me 2s. to go for the bonnet; he sent his wife for it; I had the sovereign and two shillings tied in the corner of my handkerchief - he said, "They are all fighting;" I said I knew nothing about it - I got the man down quietly; I did not molest him at all.
LEE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
RYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
