




952. 




HENRY UNDERWOOD
 and 




MARY RICHARDSON
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
19th of March, 1 gown, value 2s., the goods of 



Charlotte Topp.






CHARLOTT TOPP
. I am a widow, and live in New Tothill-street Westminster. I deal in clothes—this is my gown—I saw it safe in my shop on the 12th of March, between ten and eleven o'clock, and I missed it between one and two o'clock—I know it by mending it myself.





SARAH BURTON
. I am the wife of John Burton, a bricklayer. On the 19th of March, I was in the shop opposite the prosecutrix—I saw Underwood and another boy loitering about—I looked at them, and saw Underwood take something—I went and told the prosecutrix—the two boys ran off, and she ran after them, but could not catch them—in about an how afterwards I saw Underwood come by again—I ran, and told the prosecutrix that was the boy—she ran after him with the policeman, and took to—I told the officer that was the boy—the prisoner Richardson stood behind, and she called me a false-swearing old b—for saying whit I did.

Underwood. I was standing at the bottom of the street, and saw a boy come running with a gown—then the woman came after me with a broom, and I ran away. Witness. No; this was the boy that took it—I knew them both well—I saw them before they touched any thing.





HANNAH ATKINS
. I live in York-street, and deal in clothes. Richardson brought me this gown to sell on the 19th of March, about one o'clock—it was very much mended—I asked if she had mended it herself—she said, "Yes," she and her sister had, and it was her own—I gave her 9d. for it—I should consider it worth 1s. 3d. or 1s. 6d.—it is a mere rag—9d. is the general price we give when they are washed—we do not give the value to sell them again.

Richardson. It is false—she bought it of another girl. Witness. There were three persons, but I bought it of her—the other two were shorter than her.






JOHN EDWARDS
 (police-constable B 14.) I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw Underwood run by me and the prosecutrix after him—I took him—the prisoner Richardson was at the corner of the passage—I took her afterwards in St. Ann's-lane.

Underwood's Defence. It was not me that took it.

Richardson. I was outside the shop when the other girl sold it.

UNDERWOOD—


GUILTY
. † Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.

RICHARDSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Two Months.
