



391. 




ALFRED HOOKER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of December, at 
St. Sepulchre, 1 ox, value 28l.; the property of 



Jonas Payne.—2nd COUNT. Stating it to be the property of 



Thomas Allcock.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





GEORGE PAYNE
. I live at Milton, near Newport Pagnell, in Buckinghamshire. I have a brother, who lives at Charlton, named Jonas—we are both farmers and graziers, and are in the habit of sending stock to Smithfield market—I know a drover called Thomas Horton—Allcock has the care of my beasts at the market—on the 15th of December I and my brother had beasts for sale at Smithfield—I disposed of my stock before him, and then assisted him—the practice of dealing is this: we trust a beast to Allcock, at Smithfield—Horton is the man who attends to sellling the beast, which we leave in Allcock's care—he is to deliver them, when sold—there are bankers in Smithfield—if an ox is bought by me, I must go to the drover and say, "I want the bullock of such and such a person"—having made a bargain with the owner first, the purchaser of his drover should go to the seller's drover and state he wants the ox—Allcock, the drover, should then go to the banker, and see that the ox is paid for; and, according to his information, he delivers it or not—it is the invariable course to pay for beasts before delivery—we expect it, we look to the

banker for payment of the money—the beast is delivered to the buyer or his drover—on Monday, the 15th of December, a person bargained with me for a bullock, for 28l. 10s.—the prisoner is very much like that man—he gave the name of Peachey, I believe—that was one of the bullocks Allcock had the care of—it belonged to my brother Jonas—I should think any body acting as drover would be acquainted with the mode of dealing—I believe there is no other mode of dealing.

COURT. Q. You mean you never sell on credit? A. Never, I should say it is invariably the custom to deal for ready money.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What the banker's custom may be with purchases, you do not know? A. No, I do not know whether my brother was in the habit of dealing with a person of the name of Peachey—I should not have dealt with the person unless I expected the bullock was to be paid for.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You have been asked whether it is the practice to let bullocks go on credit—have not you heard it sworn that it is not the usual practice to require the money first? A. It is not the practice with me, and I expect other people deal in the same way—it is the regular fair mode of dealing in the market—I have no doubt it is frequently broken in upon.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. About what time in the day was this transaction? A. I cannot say—it was between ten and four o'clock.





SOLOMON BENNETT
. I am a butcher, and live in St. George's market, London-road. I know the prisoner—I was at Smithfield market on Monday, the 15th of December, and saw him cheapening a bullock, with Mr. George Payne, between ten and eleven o'clock—I heard him bid 28l. 10s. for a bullock—I am sure the prisoner is the man who bid that sum.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you speak to either of the parties? A. Yes, I spoke to the prisoner—I am certain of him—I heard him bid 28l. 10s. for it, and knowing him, I thought it rather a strong price for him to bid—it was worth that for a man to cut in his own shop—I asked him, "Are you going to carcass this bullock?" which means sending it to market—he said "Yes"—I said, "I think it a good deal too dear, you will lose 2l. or 3l. by it"—I was not before the Justice—I was speaking to the drovers last Monday week, and heard of this.





GEORGE PAYNE

re-examined. I had no other dealings for a bullock for 28l. 10s., that I recollect.

Cross-examined. Q. You may have had? A. I do not recollect that I have—I do not believe I had.

COURT. Q. Was this sold for 28l. 10s. or not—was the bargain concluded? A. Yes, my brother, I believe, made a memorandum of it at the time.





JONAS PAYNE
. I am a grazier. I had some cattle at Smithfield market on Monday, the 15th of December—I know Francis Peachey, of Brixton—I sold him an ox that day, for 24l.—I sold no other ox for 24l. to a person named Peachey—these memorandums are what I made of the sale of beasts that day—that bullock is entered here, and lower down is an entry of one sold to Peachey for 28l. 10s.—I put that down from my brother's information—I had had no dealings with any Peachey except for the 24l. one.

Cross-examined. Q. These are memorandums of sales? A. The beasts were set down as they were sold—I considered them as sold—there are two other names between the two entries to Peachey.






GEORGE PAYNE

re-examined. I gave my brother the name the person gave me, I believe.





FRANCIS PEACHEY
. I am a butcher, and live at Brixton. On Monday, the 15th of December, I bought a bullock of Jonas Payne, for 24l.—I paid for it at Jones's, the bankers, within half an hour of making the purchase, which is the usual manner of dealing—I did not take it away for some time—I went to my drover and pointed it out—I saw him mark it with ochre, not with a letter, but a private mark—I paid the money at Jones's to the credit of Jonas Payne—I did not take it into my possession till after I had paid for it—it is usual for me to put the letter "P" on all the cattle I purchase—I am at Smithfield every market day—persons could see how I managed my business—the bullock I bought arrived at home—I have known the prisoner three or four years, and have seen him at Smithfield pretty often—he formerly used to work for my drover, and he has driven cattle to my place—I did not agree to buy a bullock for 28l. 10s. in partnership with him, and share the profit between us—I have not spoken to him for years.





THOMAS HORTON
. I am employed by Mr. Allcock, a drover, at Smithfield. On the 15th of December I had 14 oxen under my care, belonging to Jonas Payne—I know the prisoner perfectly well by sight, but not by name—I remember some person coming to me that day for a bullock, in the name of Peachey—as near as I can guess, it might be twelve o'clock—I cannot say the prisoner is the person—I do not think I can identify the man who drew it—I do not think I delivered it myself, but somebody came respecting a bullock for Mr. Peachey—I went to Jones's, the bankers, and made inquiry there whether a bullock was paid for in the name of "Peachey"—I did not mention any sum—in consequence of what I learnt, the ox was delivered—two were delivered in the course of the day in the name of "Peachey," but I was not present when Mr. Peachey's, of Brixton, was delivered—it was afterwards that his was delivered—I remember the hide of the bullock I delivered—I saw that hide down at Rudderford's slaughter-house, Lambeth-walk, and afterwards at Queen-square—I am certain it was the hide of Payne's bullock, which had been delivered in the name of "Peachey"—it had a large "P" on it, exactly as Mr. Peachey, of Brixton, marks his—I should not have delivered it if I had not belived that it was paid for—nobody represented to me that the price of that particular bullock had been paid.

Cross-examined. Q. You say Mr. Peachey had the mark of "P" on his bullock? A. Yes; that is his usual mark—I had 14 bullocks—they were all marked by the drover's mark, which is a very small "P," but this was a large "P"—they had only one "P" on before they were sold—Mr. Peachey's and this one had more than one "P" on, I believe, when I parted with them—I will not take on myself to say that there was not more than two—it is customary for the purchaser to put a mark on it—I swear to Jonas Payne's drove mark—not to the large "P," every one has got the mark on it—I had some in my care three markets Mondays and Fridays—they had the same mark as those I had the preceding Monday—I can swear this hide is one of the 14 I had that Monday, by the drove mark—I had none of Jonas Payne's since the 14th—I had before, but they had a different mark—the hide I saw, was one of the fourteen I had in my possession—I did not see the second ox delivered—I know another Mr. Peachey; but we have transactions with no other.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who is the other Mr. Peachey? A. He lives in Tooley-street—he bought nothing of us that day.


MR. DOANE. Q. Have not you sworn the prisoner it not the man? A. I said I could not swear I delivered the bullock, to him—I do not think I have sworn he was not the man.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you distinguish Mr. Peachey, of Brixton, as the man who had made a purchase? A. Yes; the hide was obliged to be sold—it was shown to the magistrate, and the mark pointed out—I did not take sufficient notice of the person to whom the ox was delivered, to enable me to say whether it was the prisoner or not.

COURT. Q. Do you mean to represent you are not aware whether the prisoner is the person who had it delivered to him or not? A. I cannot say he is—I was not present at the very time it was delivered—I gave orders for it to be delivered, when I came back—I was present when it was demanded, and went to the banker's—I was not there at the time it was delivered—I was at the next drove—they all stood round together—I cannot say whether the prisoner is the person who came or not—he did not apply to me personally—he applied to the man who stood round the beast—I heard his voice, but did not see him, either before I went to the banker's or afterwards—I did not see him, to my recollection.





RICHARD JEFFRIES
. I am a clerk in the banking-house of Alfred Jones, in Smithfield. On Monday, the 15th of December, I received 24l. from Mr. Peachey, of Brixton, whom I knew before—I was to place it to the credit of Jonas Payne—I did so—here is an entry in the book, written short 28l. 10s.—at the time, Jonas Payne called the book over in the evening, to ascertain what was paid, and what was not, Mr. Jones made this entry short, as not paid—the entry was made from this memorandum.





ALFRED JONES
. I am a banker, and live in Smithfield. I have a customer named Jonas Payne—on Monday, the 15th of December, I settled an account with him—(looking at the book) this 28l. 10s., if written short—Mr. Payne debited the bullock to Mr. Peachey—I made that entry by Mr. Payne's direction—he found one bullock he had sold for 28l. 10s. was not paid for—it sometimes happens that a person purchasing a bullock, does not pay for it at the moment—I should pay that money to the grazier, and afterwards deduct it if not paid.





WILLIAM STRIBBLEHILL
. I am a slaughterman in the employ of Mr. Rudderford, at Lambeth. On Monday, the 15th of December, the prisoner brought an ox to me about one o'clock in the afternoon—I slaughtered it by his direction, and dressed it afterwards—I produced the hide of that ox at Queen-square—it could not be kept in the state it was without spoiling.





GEORGE RUDDERFORD
. I keep a slaughterhouse at Lambeth. On the 15th of December, Stribblehill was in my employ—a bullock was slaughtered there—I was not at home when it was brought—on my return home he was dressing it, and in the course of a few minutes the prisoner came in—I said, "Is that your bullock?"—he said, "Yes"—I saw him again that night—the bullock was then finished—he said he was going to send it to market to-morrow morning, and would I let his porters have it in the morning—I said I would, and I delivered it to them in the morning—I asked him who was to have the hide—he said a man named Kelly, who would call on Wednesday for it, but somebody called before that (on Wednesday), and had it away—he brought it back again the same day—I am certain it was the same hide—in the course of the Wednesday evening, in consequence of what I heard, I waited about, and saw the prisoner in Lambeth-walk—I called him into a master butcher's shop, and said, "Young man, about this

hide"—he said, "Mr. Kelly will call for it in the morning"—I said, "I am not satisfied about it, for I have heard you have not come fairly by the bullock"—he said he had bought it fairly, and paid for it to Mr. Jones, 28l. 10s.—I did not know his name at that time, and asked him his name—he said it was Hooker—I said, "How came you to mark it with a 'P?'—it ought to have been marked with 'H'"—he said he bought it with a man in the name of Peachey, and they were to have the profits between them when it was carcassed.

Q. Did he say in or of the name of Peachey? A. Of—he said he bought it together with a man named Peachey—that is what I understood—he said with a man in the name of Peachey—as I understood him, he bought it with a man named Peachey, and they were to share the profits between them—I asked him where the man lived—he said he did not know—I took him into custody, and took him to the station-house—he said they bought it between them, to share the profits.





THOMAS COARE
. I am in the service of Mr. Abrahams, a butcher, in Lambeth-walk. I was at Mr. Rudderford's slaughterhouse on Monday, the 15th of December—I know the prisoner very well—I saw him there—he had an ox—it was just knocked down as I got there—I saw him next evening in Lambeth-walk, and in consequence of what I heard from Rudderford, I asked the prisoner why he took the ox away so soon, because I thought it was a pity it should be cut down so soon, as it would injure the meat very much—it would not look so well—he made answer that it was on the mall, and he was afraid they would be after him—I did not understand what he meant, but I supposed he meant it was got away without being paid for—I told master of this in the course of half an hour.





CHRISTOPHER RICHARDSON
 (police-constable L 33.) I received charge of the prisoner on Wednesday, the 17th of December—as I brought him from the station-house to the office on the following morning, he said if he had obtained the bullock, they could merely make a debt of it.

JURY
to
MR. JONES. Q. When an ox is sold to a stranger, is it not usual for the parties to go together to the banker's? A. No; we only take the word of the salesman—only the owner goes.

Q. Is there a phrase in the market, that "their heads are swollen," meaning, if they are not paid for, they are not allowed to go out of the market? A. I know nothing of that—the drover comes to inquire if the ox is paid for, the purchaser does not come with him—I cannot say there need be any confusion in our business.

G. PAYNE
re-examined. The person who bargained for the ox, and gave the name of Peachey, was a stranger to me, and Mr. Peachey is a stranger to me—he obtained no credit from me by using that name.
(Frederick Zinc, picture-dealer, No. 8, Windmill-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy, on account of the carelessness of the drover.—


Transported for Life.
