





2338. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WILKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, 4 sovereigns, one 10l., and one 5l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Williamson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am in the marines
. I came from Chatham about twelve o'clock on the night of the 31st of August; I cannot swear that the prisoner had been in my father's service, but a person of that name lived with him- my father is a farmer at Nottingham: I had been there to get money from my friends to buy my discharge - I had a 10l. note, a 5l. note, and four sovereigns; I had come to town on the Friday, and met with Morley at the Black Horse, Whitechapel - I fell in with the prisoner there, and several others; I went to several public-houses with the prisoner, and treated her; I know that she took my money out of my pocket, and put it in again several times; it was in a napkeen purse in my watch pocket - I slept with her that night, and on the Saturday night, while I was sitting drinking a pint of beer with her, I missed my money; there was no one there but her and Morley when I missed it, and she ran away - I gave an alarm; the officer took her some time afterwards - I am sure the prisoner is the girl who took my note, purse, and money.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say you had 19l.? A. Yes, I had; I had changed one sovereign.


                  HENRY 
                  MORLEY
               



            . I am in the first regiment of Guards. I did not know the prosecutor till that Friday, when I called in at the public-house and saw him - there were some persons singing, and the prisoner was there; the prosecutor and she met me the next day, and we sat drinking some time; the prisoner then said she knew another place where we could have something to drink - we went there: the prisoner said she had pawned some things, and he gave her money to get them out; when she went out she took his money - when she had been gone about two minutes, I said to him, "Is your money all right?" he then missed it - I had not seen her take it, but I saw it all safe when he gave her the few shillings to get the things out of pawn - the two notes were tied together with a piece of black tape- when the prisoner wanted money for any thing, she asked him, and he gave it her.
Prisoner. Q. When I got the money from him to pay for the supper and things, did you not ask for some money for a girl to sleep with you? A. I asked him for two half-crowns, and he gave them to me.
JURY. Q. Was he sober? A. Yes - he had a pint or two of beer, and when he put his purse into his pocket, after giving me the two half-crowns, I put my finger into his pocket, to see that his money was safe, and it was.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



             (Police-constable H 14). On Sunday morning, the 1st of September. I received information that the prisoner was seen with a 10l. and a 5l. note, and that she was gone to Wentworth-street with another girl; I sent a man to fetch her back - I challenged her with having a10l., and a 5l. note; she said she had, and she gave them to me out of her bosom; she said it was part of 100l. which she had robbed her mother of at Cambridge - I afterwards heard that the prosecutor had been robbed; I then went to the Bank, and from there to Messrs. Barclay's, where I found that 20l. in country notes had been changed for a 10l. note, a 5l. note, and five sovereigns - the numbers correspond with these notes.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHELSWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I found the prisoner's house; I went there to look for the purse, but could not find it - while I was there a letter came from the prisoner, who was then at Clerkenwell.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . This is the prisoner's writing- I saw her write while she was with me several different times.
Prisoner's Defence. I cannot write - I am obliged to get the prisoners in the gaol to write letters to my friends, and what the prosecutor has sworn is quite false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
