



1795. 




LAZARUS LEVY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edmund Fleming, on the 
27th of July, at 
Christchurch, London, and stealing therein 13 rings, value 15l., his goods.






WILLIAM JOHN SMALLSHAW
. I am foreman to Edmund Fleming, a pawnbroker, at No. 90, Newgate-street. On the morning of the 27th of July, about a quarter to eight o'clock, I heard a crack at the window—I was at the farther end of the shop—an alarm was given of "Stop theif," and the prisoner was brought back—seven mourning rings were produced, which the officer has got—there had been thirteen rings on the card—they were worth 14l. or 15l.—the selling price is more.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The officer brought the rings into

your shop? A. Yes; they were those I had lost—I am certain they had been drawn out of the window.





JAMES MITCHELL
. I am a patrol of Farringdon Within. I was in Newgate-street on the morning of the 27th of July, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I ran down Ivy-lane, and caught hold of the prisoner—I took him to the Compter—I saw him put his hand into his pocket, and as we went by a grating, he threw down a card of rings, which I now produce—I took them off the grating.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you always positive that he threw down the card? A. I have known him a long time—I am satisified he threw them away—I always said so.





WILLIAM JOHN SMALLSHAW

re-examined. These six rings are my master's, I am quite certain—they could not be taken, except by breaking the window—I saw them safe about half an hour before—the house is in the parish of Christchurch, Newgate-street.

Cross-examined. Q. State the name of the parish? A. Christchruch, Newgate-street—all the parish receipts have that on them—that is the name I have seen.

COURT. Q. Do you mean the parish is Christchurch, but situated in Newgate-street? A. The receipts for the rates statd "Christchurch, Newgate-street."
(Several witnesses deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
