




830. 




WILLIAM SADLER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of Febuary, 2 shawls, value 3l., the goods of 



Martha Pearse.


MR. JERNINGHAM
conducted the Prosecution.






MR. CHARLES DE THIERRY
. I reside at Storey's-gate, St. James's-park. On the 18th of February, I drove Mrs. Martha Pearse in an open carriage—I stopped in Brewer-street, at Mr. Street's—we got out and went into the shop I spoke to the coachman before I went in, and observed the shawls all right in the carriage—there were three of them lying on the hind seat, and the apron was folded—I was not in the shop above ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, when I heard the cry of "Stop thief—a gentleman directed me which way the prisoner had run—I went into Warwick-street, where the prisoner was arrested—these are the shawls—they are the property of Mrs. Pearse.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is Mrs. Pearse here? A. No—her name is Martha Deane Pearse, but she very seldom uses the name of Deane, it is the name of her late husband—her Christian name is only Martha—I have known these shawls for years—they were worn that day, and one is a French Cashmere—Mrs. Pearse is not well enough to come here—I swear to the general appearance of these shawls.

MR. JERNINGHAM. Q. Your are quite sure these are hers? A. Yes.





JOHN BINDEN
. I am a porter, and live in Princess-row, Kingston-terrace. I was at the bottom of Francis-street, on Saturday afternoon the 18th of February, and I heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner, he was running very fast with a bundle under his arm—I pursued for thirty to forty or fifty yards—he then dropped the bundle close to me—I followed him to Warwick-street, where he was taken—I saw the bundle picked up by a butcher—I kept my eye on the prisoner till he was taken—this was about four o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Mr. Street's shop? A. Yes, it is in a very short street, where I saw the prisoner running, leading oat of Brewer-street, into Marylebone-streer, there was a turning.





RICHARD JOEDAN
. I live in Marylebone-street, Golden-square, and an butcher. I was at my master's shop door about four o'clock, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I ran after the person—and I cannot swear to the prisoner—when he found I was quite close upon him, he threw down these shawls—I gave them to the coachman, and I did not see him taken—I did not notice Binden.





MICHAEL SHORT
. I live in King's Arm's-yard, Marylebone, and am a labourer. I was in Warwick-street, on the 18th of February, about four o'clock, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I ran immediately, and saw the prisoner running away—he is the man I caught—he tried as much as he could to get away—I held him till I gave him to the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw no bundle drop? A. No.





CHARLES FLACK
 (police-constable C 107.) I received information that a policeman was wanting in Brewer-street—as I was going, I met the prioner coming to the watch-house—he was given to me, and these shawls were given to me by the coachman.





JOHN WREN
. I live in Brewer-street, Golden-square. I was standing in my shop on the 18th of February, and saw the prosecutrix's carriage come along at a walking pace—I saw the prisoner take the shawls out of the carriage, and run off—I pursued him, and gave the alarm—I saw the prisoner go away with the shawls, which he was folding up as he took them from the carriage—he ran down Francis-street.


Cross-examined. Q. What did you do? A. I gave an alarm—my master is a young man, and better able to run than I am, and he pursued him—the carriage was going past the shop, there was nothing to obstruct my seeing it—I turned my head to see if it was not a customer coming—he might be half a minute perhaps taking them.





GEORGE HALL
. I am coachman to Mrs. Pearse. I was at Mr. Streets, shop door, the shawls were handed over to me, and I gave them over to the policeman.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
