





1602. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PORTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, 3 3/4 yards of silk, value 40s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander Masters 
                     Bidgood
                  




               
            .
GEORGE ENGLAND. I am apprentice to 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Masters Bidgood
               



             - he lives in Brewer-street, Golden-square


. On the 12th of August, I saw the prisoner going out of the shop; I had seen this silk safe the day before - I ran to the door, and saw the prisoner going up the street; I ran after him, and overtook him in Silver-street - I looked over his shoulder, and saw something in his hand, in a bag; I said, "Oh! my man, how came you by this?" he put it into my hand, and ran down several streets - he was then taken; I am positive he is the person.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Are there many persons in the shop? A. Three besides myself - I had never seen the prisoner before; I lost sight of him before I overtook him with the bag, for perhaps two minutes, and after that for about half a minute - I was in the back of the shop, both the doors were open, and no one in the shop; I saw nothing on him when he went out - he had got about three or four hundred yards before he was taken; he is the man I took the silk from, but I cannot say he is the man who came out of the shop - I only saw his back in the shop, which may be thirty yards long; here is the mark on this roller - I never saw any silk like this till it came to our shop.
COURT. Q. Had you seen a block of that description lately, before, with silk of that pattern on it? A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am shopman to the prosecutor. When I got to the shop the prisoner had been brought back by some persons - I had placed this silk in the window that morning with this number on it - we have a number to every piece, and have a book with corresponding numbers in it.


                  RICHARD 
                  HICKS
               



            . I found the prisoner in custody at the prosecutor's; he said it was a hard thing to be imprisoned for nothing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
