





720. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLATTS
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Ladson
                     




                  , on the 31st of March
, and stealing therein 1 pair of lustres, value 2l.; 3 spoons, value 30s., and 2 coats, value 10s.
            , his property.
JAMES LADSON. I live in Primrose-street, Bishopsgate Without


. On the 31st of March I went to bed at ten o'clock; I fastened the doors and shutters myself - I let the kitchen and first floor to Bracher, who went to bed before us - I was not alarmed in the night; I got up about seven; Bracher was up first - when I came down the house was perfectly secure, as far as I saw; but in about half an hour I missed a pair of lustres, worth about 2l., from the parlour mantel-piece, also two silver spoons and a mustard spoon, worth 30s., and two coats, which hung in the passage - the party had got into the house by cutting open the glass of the kitchen window, and putting through their arms to remove the fastening; the kitchen window looks into an area in the street - when Mrs. Bracher came down, she found the place in confusion, and called my attention to the window; her things were displaced - on the following day, the 1st of April, about noon, I took the prisoner myself; I found one of my coats on his back; it was one of two coats stolen from the passage - he had been in my employ about four years, and has fastened these shutters scores of times; I am certain it is my coat - I had worn it the night before; he was not an apprentice, but paid by the week; he had absconded himself from me on the 8th of March, without notice.
Prisoner. I never fastened the shutters. Witness. I am certain he fastened them oftener than I did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRACHER
               



            . I lodge in the prosecutor's house with my wife - we have no servant; I occupy the kitchen and first floor. I went to bed a few minutes before ten o'clock - the kitchen has inside shutters, and a wooden bar; I am quite sure the shutters were secure when we went to bed; I saw them safe at half-past seven in the morning - I found the curtain rod displaced, and the square of glass broken; a person could get in by putting his arm over, turning the cross of the bar, and get into the house - my wife went down before me.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BRACHER
               



            . I went to bed with my husband; I came down about half-past seven o'clock in the morning - I went into the kitchen before him; I found the iron bar displaced, and the window broken, which enabled a person to get into the house - the tinder-box was moved; a brass tobacco-box and pack of cards were taken away - every thing was perfectly safe when we went to bed; I do not know whether the prisoner ever fastened up the shutters.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY MARSH
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 1st of April I was in Red Lion-street; Mr. Ladson delivered the prisoner into my charge - he said nothing to the charge; I took the coat off his back - Mr. Ladson claimed it - the prisoner made no reply to that.(Coat produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought that coat on the Wednesday before the robbery, in Petticoat-lane - the prosecutor did not live in that part of the house; what could I have to do with the shutters?
MR. LADSON. He had repentedly fastened the shutters, which were broken open.
JURY. Q. Did you employ him to shut up your lodger's window? A. No; it was at a time when the lodgings were unoccupied for a quarter of a year - I have not found the other property.
MRS. BRACHER. I fastened the shutters that night.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
