





1583. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BARTHOLOMEW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, 1 gold ring, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mark 
                           La Riviere
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  MARK 
                  LA RIVIERE
               



            . I live in London-field, Hackney. On the 21st of August, in the afternoon, I got on the Paddington-coach, in the City-road; I sat on the hind part of the coach - the prisoner is the young man who calls the passengers - I was rather drowsy; I had a gold ring on my finger - I felt some one touch my finger - I was astonished; I opened my eyes, and saw the prisoner's hand - I did not say any thing, but when we got near the public-house he took the ring off; I did not take any notice, as I thought he would throw it away, but when the coach stopped he got down - I jumped down and seized him by the throat; he threw the ring down, and a boy picked it up.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. What had you taken that day? A. I had taken something, as I often do when I am thirsty; I was not drunk at all, the officer will answer that question; there were no other passengers; I felt something touch my finger - I shut my eyes almost (but not quite) so as to see; I have four or five other names; but I only use Mark La Riviere; I always write my name so; I have been four years in this country.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BATCHELOR
               



            . I was close by the King's Head, in the New-road


 - I saw the prisoner twist a ring from the gentleman's finger while he was asleep; he put it into his pocket; I do not know where it was found afterwards.
MARK LA RIVIERE. I did not see it come from his pocket; I took hold of him, and he managed to throw it away.


                  JAMES 
                  ISAAC
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner on a charge of stealing this ring; it was given to me by a person; a boy said the prisoner threw it down.
Witness for the Defence.


                  ROBERT 
                  PICKERING
               



            . I live in Wilson-street, and am time-keeper to the coaches - I was attending my duty on the 21st of August, about twenty minutes past four o'clock - this coach drove up, and the prisoner jumped from the side of this gentleman, and before he assisted any one down he drew something off the foot-board; he ran to his master, and said, "Here master, see what I have found;" before he could give an answer the gentleman came and throttled him.
COURT. Q. How long have you been in that capacity? A. Four years. I never would see a person cry halves; I heard the gentleman accuse him of taking the ring, but not till after he had shewn it to his master - I think the distance was so very short, he could not have taken the ring from his finger.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for 14 Years
            .
