






1452. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  BENSON
               




             and 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  BENSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, at St. Mary-le-bone


, 1 topaz cross, value 30s.; 1 turquoise cross, value 1l.; 10 rings, value 10s.; 1 pair of brooches, value 5s.; 3 brooches, value 20s.; 1 buckle, value 10s.; 2 lockets, value 5s.; 3 pair of ear-rings, value 16s.; 3 gold drops, value 4s.; 1 watch key, value 3s.; 1 miniature, value 2s.; 7 pieces of lace, value 30s.; 1 ivory fan, value 6s.; 4 cups, value 4s.; 2 plates, value 2s.; 8 yards of flannel, value 4s.; 4 pieces of linen, value 8s.; 2 pieces of muslin, value 7s.; 4 plumes of feathers, value 10s.; and 12 remnants of linen, value 3s.; the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Archer
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Wyatt
                     



.


                  CAROLINE 
                  ARCHER
               



            . I am the wife of William Archer. I lodge in the house of John Wyatt, in Edgware-road


, in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone. The prisoners used to clean my room, but they had no regular occupation - I admitted them to my room from kindness - I am not in any business - they were out of situations - while they were there, I missed all this property from the back room second floor - some was in boxes, some in drawers - on the 29th of June, during their absence, I discovered some boxes opened, and on their return, I named several articles that were taken, but I had not examined the boxes from the time I came there, which was the 29th of April - (Ellen helped me to move) - they were in my room during my absence - the property was found in their apartment - Ellen went to a situation, I understand, on the Tuesday preceding - they had left my place without notice - when I came home on Sunday, the 29th of June, Margaret was gone - I had been out to dinner, and left her there, and came back.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Did not you desire Ellen to seek for another place? A. She was seeking for a situation all the time she was with me - I have a sister named Mrs. Hance, whom I lived with before I came to where I am now - she did not come backwards and forwards to my lodging, to my knowledge, nor any of her family - I left my sister because she left her house - I never charged my sister with any thing in particular - I may have missed thing during the time I was there - I do not think I charged her with robbing me - I swear to the best of my knowledge I did not - I lost things - I did not charge her with breaking open my boxes - Hance was not at my apartments, to my knowledge - the apartments were in the care of the prisoners.

Q. Did you not intrust the property to the prisoner, that Hance might not take it? A. I only desired her to stay there - if Mrs. Hance came to my house, it was against my wish - I never found her hid under the sofa - I never said so to any body.


                  RICHARD 
                  BRADSHAW
               



            . I am a policeman. On Friday, the 4th of July, I went to Great Charlton-street, Somers'-town - I found the two prisoners lodging there - they came home about ten o'clock - Ellen opened the street door - I crossed the road, and said to Margaret, "I want you: where is Ellen?" - she turned round; I said, "Ellen, I want to speak to you also; it is very particular what I wish to tell you, will you walk a few yards with me? I want you about the Edgeware-road business" - they looked at each other, and said nothing - I said to Margaret, "You have no shawl on, would you wish to go home for one?" she said not - I said, I must take them to the station-house - I said,"Mrs. Wyatt says she saw you come out on Sunday night with a bundle each" - Ellen said, "It is false, we had no bundle, it was only this small basket, I had nothing else"- I said, "You went home in a cab" - they said, "Yes, we saw an empty cab in the New-road, and called it" - on getting to the station-house, I searched her basket, and found a piece of ribbon, two watch-hooks, and one custard cup - I found two keys, one of the street door, and one of their room - I went next morning to their room with the prosecutrix, and, on opening a box, I found all this property, which Mrs. Archer identifies - I found twenty-one duplicates in their boxes not relating to the property.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not Ellen say the box you found the property in, was intrusted to her by Mrs. Archer? A. No; she was not present - she said nothing of the sort at the office.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORSFORD
               



            . I am a policeman. I was with Bradshaw - I found fifteen duplicates, which relate to part of the property, tied together in a small box.


                  EDWARD 
                  JACKLEY
               



            . I live at No. 9, Charlton-street. I let the room the officer searched to the prisoners.


                  HENRY 
                  BAYFIELD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a necklace pawned on the 7th of June - I do not know who by - the duplicate I gave the person is among those produced.


                  JOHN 
                  ABBETHAITE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have five remnants of muslin - I do not know who pawned them - here is the duplicate I gave the person.


                  ROBERT 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have three remnants of muslin, a brooch, and two clasps - I do not know who pawned them - here are the duplicates I gave for them.
Cross-examined. Q. Is Mrs. Archer in the habit of pawning at your place? A. Not to my knowledge - I do not know Mrs. Hance.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WYATT
               



            . I am the landlady of the house Mrs. Archer lives in. On the 29th of June, I saw the two prisoners go out at the passage door - they had something in their arms, but what it was I do not know - they could go in, and out at any time.
Cross-examined. Q. Could they that afternoon have had that box with them? A. No; but they often went in and out.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOLLOWAY
               



            . I saw two young women driven up to the prosecutrix's lodging in a cab - they got out with something in their hands - I cannot say what it was - I will not swear it was the prisoners.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Margaret Benson's Defence. Mrs. Archer left her house at six o'clock in the morning - her sister ran away in debt- after that the prosecutrix gave me the box to take care of- she said she had found her sister under the sofa - the necklace was given to me by Mrs. Hance last September.
Ellen Benson's Defence. She gave me some things to take to my sister to take care of, as she could not trust her sister.
MRS. ARCHER re-examined. I found my niece under the sofa once, but not my sister.
MARGARET BENSON - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
ELLEN BENSON - GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of Stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were two more indictments against the prisoners.
