





881. 
               
                  
                     RALPH 
                     COUSINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, onthe 29th of February
, 1 mahogany night-table, value 18s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dyer
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  DYER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Dyer
               



            , of Buckingham-place, Marylebone


, he is a broker
. On the afternoon of the 29th of February I was in my parlour; I missed a mahogany night-table, and went into Cirencester-place - I saw the prisoner with it on his shoulder; a witness stopped him, and I charged him with stealing it - he looked at me, and tried to throw it at me; a witness caught it, and he was going on till a person stopped him, about two hundred yards from my shop.


                  SARAH 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am the wife of John Allen, of Upper Cleveland-street. I was at my second floor window - I saw the prisoner take up the table, and appear as if feeling the weight of it - he went a few yards, then came back, took it up by the handles, and went off with it; I saw him brought back, and know he is the man - it had stood within the rails, not far from the door.


                  JOHN 
                  TERRY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. Mrs. Dyer applied to me, and I took the prisoner at the corner of Cirencester-place; he stood by the side of the table - he said he was employed to carry it to the New-road by a gentleman, whom he did not know; I said he was going the wrong way.
Prisoner's Defence. I was engaged to carry it to Foley-place for 2s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
