





1514. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MUNTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, 1 musical-box, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Jane Harris; she lives at Clark's-place, Islington


. On the 7th of August the prisoner came to the house, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and said he wanted a tooth extracted - I asked him into the parlour, and went into the kitchen to tell Mrs. Harris; there was a musical-box in a case in the parlour window - I heard the case door open, and went up; the prisoner was then going out - he said,"What would it be to have the tooth drawn?" - I said I did not know, but Mrs. Harris would be there in a minute; he said he would go and ask his aunt - I took hold of his arm, but he got out and went away; Mrs. Harris came up and missed the box, and I ran after the prisoner, who was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When had you seen it? A. About a quarter of an hour before - Mrs. Harris is married, I believe; her husband is at sea - I have not seen him at all; the prisoner had no box when he was stopped - I saw him stopped, and was almost close to him; no other person had been to have a tooth drawn that afternoon; I think no one had been there at all that day.


                  JAMES 
                  FRESHWATER
               



            . I am a butcher. I heard Stop theif! called - I went out, and saw the prisoner running; he had walked past me, and I saw something in his hand very much like this snuff-box - there came two more young men with him; he offered it them, and they refused it - I then heard Stop thief! cried, and the witness said,"That young man has got a snuff-box;" I said, "Are you sure it is him?" - she said, Yes; I ran, and a young man had taken him.


                  JOHN 
                  SEYMOUR
               



            . I was nearly opposite the house - I saw a crowd, and went and picked up a box, which I delivered to Mrs. Harris.


                  SARAH 
                  BARNES
               



            . I never saw the prisoner before; I could not be mistaken - I let no one else in but him; I saw the other two boys when I went out - they were rather taller than him.


                  JANE 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Henry Harris
               



            . This box belongs to my brother-in-law, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Harris
               



             - I saw it safe on the 7th of August; Barnes told me a boy wanted a tooth extracted - I did not see the prisoner till he was brought back, except just going off the step of the door; the other two boys were taller than him.
Cross-examined. Q. Is your brother-in-law here? A. No; he is in the country - I am sure it is his box.


                  JOHN 
                  HOPTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner - he told me he had broken the box, and he would make it good if I would let him go - he pulled 5s. out of his pocket, and asked if that would pay for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
