





724. 




ELIZABETH WILSON,


 LYDIA WILD
, and 




MARY ANN BRADY
, were indicted for

feloniously having in their custody and possession a certain mould on which was made and impressed the figure and apparent resemblance of the obverse side of a shilling.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the reverse side.


MESSRS. SCARLETT and BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT DUKE
. I am an officer of the police. On Monday, the 6th of February, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I went to No. 2, Charles-street, Drury-lane, accompanied by Reynolds and Ashton—I found the outer door of the house open—we went up stairs to the first floor back room—the door was fast—I burst it open, and found the three prisoners in the room—Wilson was Bitting on a chair in front of the fire by the side of a table—there was a good fire, and a candle burning—on my entering she immediately rose from her seat, and leaned forwards to the fire-place—I perceived that she had taken something white from the front of the fire-place, she endeavoured to break it with her hands—I seized her hands, and in the scuffle she fell on the floor, and I found what she had in her hand was these pieces—they are different portions of a mould, and are made of plaster of Paris—the other two prisoners were standing by the fire-place—I proceeded to search the room, and found in the table drawer this Knife with plaster of Paris on it—I observed in front of the fire an old shovel stuck into the bars; that appeared to be the spot where the mould was taken from—it formed a sort of ledge, and would have kept the mould

hot, and it was quite hot when I got it—when we were going to the office with the prisoners, Reynolds called to me, and then Wilson laid, "You can't blame me for breaking it, as I did it for my own safety."





WILLIAM REYNOLDS
. I went with Duke, and followed him up stairs—when I entered the room I seized Brady on the right band side of the fire-place, where she was standing—I kept her in custody till the other officers, came, and I then delivered her over to Palmer—are the prisoners were all secured, I searched the room, and on the left hand side of the fire-place I found a small bag on the ground—it contained some powder of plaster of Paris—between the bars in the fire-place I found an old shovel stuck in, and a piece of brown paper in it with plaster of Paris on it—on the hob I found two pieces of broken moulds—I brought Wilson away with me, and on the road I said to her, "You seem very much agitated"—she said "Yes"—I said, "You are engaged in a dangerous business"—she said, "You can't blame me for breaking them for my own safety, if I get over this you shan't find me at the like again."





WILLIAM BAKER ASHTOK
. I am a police-sergeant. I accompanied the other officers—the first thing I saw on entering the room was Duke take hold of Wilson—she fell on the floor, and I found a good sixpence where she fell—I saw Duke take some plaster of Paris from her hand, which was quite warm—it was the pieces that have been produced—I found on the left hob, this iron spoon with some metal in it, and close by the spoon I found this little piece of plaster of Paris—under the stove in the ashes I found several pieces of plaster of Paris, which appear to have been moulds for casting money—on the mantel-piece I found this metal spoon; and part of an old knife with plaster of Paris adhering to it, in a table drawer in front of the fire, and a small file with white metal adhering to the teeth of it—I took the prisoner Wild into custody.





CHARLES PALMER
. I am a policeman. I took charge of Brady, and conveyed her to Hatton-garden—on the way to the office she said, "It was a good job you did not come last night; if you bad, You would have found a good lot of us."





WILLIAM HALL
. I am an officer—I went to the room—I searched Brady and Wild, but found nothing on them—I took another person into custody, who was afterwards discharged—as I was going along with that person, she said, in the prisoner's hearing, "Never mind; what are you crying for?—they can't hang us, but I suppose we shall get lagged"—before we left the room I asked Wilson if she lived there, and she said she did—I asked her where the landlord lived—she told me the landlady lived down the street, next door to the public-house—I fetched her, and gave her in charge of the room, as the said it was let furnished.





JAMES RAY
. I am a tailor. I live in the front room of the home—the prisoners occupied the back room—Wilson lived there about three weeks—I the door was always latched—I have seen people coming back wards and forwards—they knocked before they went in, and were asked who they were before the door was opened—Brady lived there for a few days, but never saw Wild before.





JOHN FIELD
. I am one of the inspectors of his Majesty's Mint. The mould produced by Duke is plaster of Paris, and intended for carting shillings—these two parts formed an entire mould before they were broken—it has been quite perfect, but I do not believe it has been used—on one half is the impression of the obverse, and on the other a considerable por tion of the reverse side of a shilling, and the graining of the edge is here—

here is a new white metal spoon, which is the metal usually used to make counterfeit coin—here is a small file, which may be used to finish the coin I when cast, and it has white metal in the teeth of it now—this iron spoon might be used to melt the metal, it has metal in it now—the other things are such as would be useful to persons making counterfeit coin—no counterfeit money has been found.

Wilson's Defence. I do not belong to the room—I merely went to stop there, as I was very ill, but as to making them I did not—the person who was nearest the fire knocked the mould out, and it fell under me when the officer knocked me down.

Wild's Defence. I do not belong to the room—I went there to see this You ng woman—I was not in the room five minutes.

Brady's Defence. I do not belong to the room—I was never there before.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

BRADY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for life.


WILD—


NOT GUILTY
.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

