




1310. 





RICHARD MORAN
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
2nd of April, 112lbs. weight of currants, value 3l. 5s.; and 1 bag, value 6d.; the goods of 




John Healey Booth and others, his masters; and 





CHARLES HARROD



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to be stolen; against the statute, &c.






MESSES. BODKIN

and
BALLANTINE conducted the prosecution.





JOHN WARNER
. I was carman to Messrs. Booth, Ingkedew, and Co., wholesale grocers, for five years, The prisoner Moran was in their service eight or nine months, I think, as porter—after being in their service some time, he made some proposals to me—on Saturday, the 2nd of April. I had been out with my cart all day, delivering goods for my masters; I returned to the stable, and loaded the last I dad out between seven and eight o'clock at night—I then saw Moran—he gave me a a bag of currants, which he took out of the cellar—he said nothing—I put them in the cart—I knew what to do with them, because he had told me before, when he first came—the first time I had any conversation with him about it was three weeks or a month after he came there—he had told me. that when he gave me any thing I was to take it to Harrod—I took things there very often—I took the bag I received on the 2nd of April to Harrod, it was between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I think—I had a load to go out with, and went and delivered my goods in the cart, and then went to Harrod's with the bag of currants—Harrod was there at the time—I took them out, I put them down in the shop, and said, "I believe that is all I have for you"—he said, "Very well, "or something of that kind—I turned out of the shop, and went home—I did not take any bill or memorandum—I did not receive any money from Harrod—nothing was said about the price—I saw Moran again next morning (Sunday), about ten o'clock—he came to my house, and he said he had been and got the money—I do not think he said how much—he gave me some money—I do not know how much, as there was something between us; but I think it was a sovereign or half a sovereign—I cannot tell—he had told me that Harrod would give 45s. for a cwt. of currants—I cannot tell when he told me so—it was when we were in conversation together—we were to have even proportions—there was some money between us—I think he owed me some.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Of course you are telling the truth now? A. Yes—I cannot say how much money I got—it might have been gold or silver—I was in custody a fortnight or three weeks after I think—it was a month last Saturday—I cannot say whether I was taken the next day, or whether I was in custody within three days of the occurrence—I had a letter sent to my master—I have not been spoken to about the evidence I was to give—it is of my own free will—I sweat that, and for the sake of justice—I get nothing by it—I expect to save myself, that is all, and I hope I shall—I know nothing about the officer speaking to my wife.

to get me to give evidence to convict Harrod—I never heard it from her—I have not spoken to the officers, Fogg and Luton, about my evidence.

COURT. Q. How did you know the bag contained currants? A. I was very well aware of it—I have handled many of them—it came from a place where currants are kept—I did not see it open—we do not deal in coffee.





JOHN PRESTON
, I am one of the mangers of the firm of John Healey Booth and two others, wholesale grocers, in Upper Thames-street—our stables are in Princes-street, close by Harrod's premises—our people, going to put up the horses at night have to go near his shop—Moran was in the employ of the firm in April as porter, and had been so seven or eight months—we have a cellar where goods are kept—in April we had a stock of currants in bags, weighing 1cwt. each—they were kept close to the loop hole door in the cellar, close to where the cart loads—Moran had to it business in the cellar when the last load was taken out—he had access to it as porter—it was part of his duty to assist in loading the cart—we had a man named George in our employ who was taken ill, and left, shortly after Moran came—he was a porter also—I heard nothing of this till I received a communication from the officers of the Thomas police—Warner and Moran were then both taken into custody, and sent to Giltspur-street prison on the 16th; and at six o'clock on Monday morning, the 18th, I received this letter from Giltspur-street, in consequence of which I went there and saw Moran—I showed him the letter, and stated its contents—he said he did not write it, nor was he the means of sending it—I asked him if it was his confession, and he said, "No"—in the course of conversation, I told him we had been robbed for a length of time—he said, he partly knew that George, who had lived there, had carried on a robbery for some time; and that he was coming from his work one evening, and a strange man, in the street tapped him on the shoulder, and took him into a public-house—they had some beer together, and he said that they could do some business together; and that George had often done business with the man; and he had thrown goods out of the loop-hole, and the man had taken them away—I afterwards saw Warner, and showed him the letter—we missed 1cwt. of currants, as soon as were apprised of the loss, on Tuesday, the 5th of April—we had taken stock on the 2nd.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons have you in your warehouse? A. Five porters—I was at home on the 5th—between on 2nd and 5th was sold 7cwt. of currants—there was 23cwt. in the stock on the Saturday: and instead of 16cwt. remaining there were only 15cwt.—Warner has been about five years in our service—we sometimes mark our bags, and sometimes not—I should not know them all—some are marked"O," and some "P"—we do not mark them at all, except to distinguish what currants are in them.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Are they put into bags in this country or abroad? A. Here—the bags are returned to us.





OLIVER BECKET
. I am in the employ of Booth and Co, it is my duty to see to the delivery of goods, and that they are properly put up—I know what goods are sent out to customers—I do not know Harrod—he has not been a customer of ours—I sent out a sack of currants on the 2nd of April, but no bag—I sent none to Harrod.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in the employ? A. About two months—I have never sent out goods without taking an account of

them—we deal in sugar and spices, and several things—a great part of the bags are marked, so that the house would know them—it is a private mark, to know the difference of the quality of the fruit—we have "P" on one kind of bag, and "o"on the other.





JAMES CHRISTOPHER EVANS
. I am an officer of the Thames-police. In consequence of information, my attention was directed to the shop of Harrod, in Rosemary-lane—I had been watching the shop several evenings before the 2nd of April, and was there on the 2nd of April, about nine o'clock with Luton—I saw Messrs, Booth's cart come along Rosemary-lane—the name of the firm was painted on the front and on the side—it was a large open cart, with a loose tilt, over hoops—it hung down—warner was driving it—it stopped at Harrod's door—I saw warner to round the cart, and lift up the tilt at the corner nearest to Harrod's door—he took a bag under his left arm, and carried it into Harrod's shop—this was about a quarter past nine o'clock in the evening, it was quite dark—the place was lighted with gas, and there were lights in the shop—he took it to the back part of the shop and pitched it on the floor opposite the front door—Harrod was behind the counter—I stood close to the door—it was a currant bag sewed at the end, with two ears, one at each corner—Harrod a is a grocer's shop—I have since seen some currant bags at the prosecutor's—the one I saw that night exactly corresponded with them—I gave Luton some directions and he went into the shop—I waited till he come out—he went in immediately after Warner had pitched the bag from his shoulder—warner drove the cart away—I kept my eye on the door to see that nothing was brought out, and I am quite sure nothing was brought out—when I looked in again the hag was gone—I saw no money pass between Harrod and Warner—I saw him look towards him as if he said something and saw Harrod nod his bend, but I could not hear what was said—no hill or any thing was given to Harrod—Moran and Warner were taken into custody on Saturday night, the 16th of April, but not by us—I was not at the Mansion-house at the first examination—I was on the Wednesday—I went to Harrod's house and was watching there for a whole week after Moran was in custody without effect—we did not take them into custody at first, as we wanted to know if Harrod had any dealings with the prosecutor—I was endeavouring to find Harrod till the Friday week—on Tuesday, the 19th if April, I went and searched Harrod's house—he was not there then—I went on the 20th of April again and he was not at home—watched his place off and on till the 27th of April, and that day Warner and Moran were discharged from the Mansion-house—I had not been able to find Harrod at all at his usual place before they were discharged.

Cross-examined. Q. Whether he was in the country on business you cannot tell? A. No—we had had some little private information—some hint that something wrong was going on, but we were not directed to watch the house before the 2nd of April—I had said nothing to the prosecutor about that house before I went to watch it—I suspected all was not right, and that somebody in Booth's employ was doing something wrong there—I would have taken warner and Harrod into custody if I had been certain of the case—on Tuesday, the 19th of April, the prosecutor applied for a search-warrant and we were obliged to execute it—I knew it was no use—I know some bags were brought away to the prosecutors' warehouse for the clerks to examine the marks from his books, but they did not belong to them.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You waited there in consequence of private information?


A. Yes—the prosecutor got a search-warrant from the Thames-police-office—that is the reason Harrod's premises were searched—the parties were apprehend without our knowledge in the City.





HENRY LUTON
. I am an officer of the Thames-police, I was in company with Evans on the evening of the 2nd of April near the prisoner Harrod's house in Rosemary-lane—I saw the prosecutor's cart coming along—I went round the back of the cart and saw a bag partly covered over with the tilt—the cart then went on and stopped at Harrod's door and Warner took the bag under his left arm and went into Harrod's shop—I went into the shop and bought some tea in order to hear the conversation—Warner was coming out and said to Harrod"This is all I have got for you to-night"—Harrod replied"That will do"—I saw no money given for it nor any bill of parcels delivered, nor any book produced to be signed—he walked in, dropped it on the left-hand side, and came out—I observed the bag and should suppose it to be about 1cwt. by the fall of it—I am in the habit of portering, and am a judge of weight—I have seen some bags of the same kind since the prosecutors' warehouse, and I can swear it was the same kind of bag.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the bag down in the middle of the shop? A. No—down on the counter on the right-hand side, at the far end of the shop—it was gas-light—I saw Warner go in with the bag and followed him in—as he came out he met me in the face—I was dressed as I am now—this is not my Thames-police jacket—Warner must have seen I was observing him—there was nothing to prevent my seeing him.

MR. BODKIN. Q. There was nothing to show you were an officer? A. No.





JAMES FOGG
. I am a Thames police-officer. I received information about March of April, which induced me to pay attention to Harrod's shop in Rosemary-lane—I had seen the prosecutor's cart stop at Harrod's shop on one occasion, before the 2nd of April—Moran was not there at that time—I have seen Moran inside the shop, and Warner outside at the same time, several times—and Harrod was at home at those times, talking to Moran—I once saw the cart stop there, the shop was full of customers-Warner went into the shop on that occasion—I went behind the cart, lifted the tilt up, and felt a bag under the tilt—Moran was not there—Warner said something to Harrod, and then came out and drove his cart away without leaving any thing there—that was three or four days before the 2nd of April—in consequence of what I heard, I took Harrod into custody on the 2nd of May—I had been endeavouring to find him before that, and searched his house on the 19th of April—he was not at home, and I had been watching ever since at his house night and day, and could not find him—after the discharge of Warner and Moran, I went again to his house, and then found him at home—I said, "Mr. Harrod, you must go with me"—he said, "Step into the parlour, mr. Fogg"—the parlour joins the shop—he said, "What is it for?" I suppose you heard that we searched your house the other day?"—he said, "Yes—I said, "Messrs. Booth and Ingledew have been robbed to a great extent, by their carman and warehouseman, of pepper, currants, and many things, and you have been receiving them"—he said, "Oh, consider my wife and family, what am I to do"?come up-stairs and see my wife, she is in bed"—I said, "You may go up and see your wife, but I cannot assist you, you must to with me"—when he got up-stairs he said, "Oh, what am I to do? can't you settle this thing?"—I said, "No"—he said, "Such

things have been done, I know, and I will give you 20l. if you will let me run out of the house, and I will never be seen in the neighbourhood any more, or any thing you require"—I said, "No; you must go with me to of office"—he said, "If I must, I must, "and I took him there

Cross-examined. Q. You have taken a great deal of trouble in the business? A. I have—it is not my business to get up the case—I have taken no trouble in getting witnesses—I swear that—I know Warner's wife—I have had no particular conversation with her, since her husband was taken into custody—she was talking about the things at the office—I did not ask her to induce her husband to become a witness—not at the office, or any where.

Q. Have you ever said any thing of this kind to her, "If you don't prevail on your husband to confess, I will make a convict of him?" A. Never—Warner was kept in the officer's's room, where there were twenty officers going in and out—I was in that room twenty times—I did not go in with her—she was there, sitting with her husband—I might have gone in at the same time as her.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How long have been an officer? A. Twenty years.

COURT
to
JOHN PRESTON. Q. You have described the cellar, was there any thing to prevent Warner helping him self to the bag of currants? A. He could not have done it—the cellar-door was bolted. and we never allow the carman on the premises—their business is to mind the horse and cart—the porters are at liberty to go all over the premises—it must be somebody connected with the premises to enable the carmen to get this—I had been on the watch for a fortnight, in a water-closet, with a hole to it, at the time we had the suspicion—Moran came to the place where I was concealed, when he was loading the cart, to see if any body was on the watch, and he found me there and went away without doing any thing—Moran's duty was to load the cart, and he was alone—that duty is common to all the porters—he was the only porter at home on this occasion—there were two porters at home. but one was at the crane, at the top of the house—Moran, in the common course of his duty would be there—the carman could not have got the currants himself.

Moran. Q. you recollect watching me, you came up-stairs and asked me the reason why I should come to the water-closet? A. No—I asked you at the Compter—you put your hand there, to see if any body was in the water-closet, but you did nothing—I sent you down to hook on the barrels on the 19th.

Moran. Q. You came to the Compter, and showed me the letter, but would not give it me to read—I said I never authorized any body to write, and you told me you finished taking stock on the 2nd of April, and missed currants—I said I knew nothing about it? A. Yes; I dont recollect you saying you were surprised the water-closet door was shut, and begged pardon for opening it—you made some explanation about coming there when your was at the Compter—you were not sent out by us on the 2nd of April—you did not request me to bring a man to the Thomes police-office as a witness—you never told me to bring Mr. Steel forward to prove where you were on the 2nd of April. or I should have been very happy to have done so.

COURT. Q. Can you take on yourself to say, he would, in the course of his duty, be the only person to assist in loading the cart. on the 2nd of April? A. He would be the only person—it was not my duty to see the cart loaded.






OLIVER BECKET

re-examined. Moran and a man named John, were employed to load the cart, on the 2nd of April—John was at the crane at the top of the warehouse, and Moran at the cart—I stood by at the time the cart was loaded with two hogsheads of sugar—when the sugar was put in, I went away—I recollect Moran being there when the sugar was put in—it was the last load the cart took out that night.

Cross-examined. Q. There was nothing to prevent your seeing the cart go away? A. No—the carman had to come to me to settle, and he did come to settle with me—I might have gone back with him, and have seen what was in the cart, if I chose—I did not know the currants were put into the cart—Moran went towards the cellar, and would be able to hand any thing out to the cart, as it stood just over the loop-hole of the cellar—he could go into the cellar, open the door, and put the currants up—I was on the first floor, over the cellar—Warner could not do it without assistance from within—there are steps to get into the cellar.

Q. Then was there any impossibility in Warner's going down to the cellar himself, putting the sack on his back, and walking up the steps with it? A. Yes—because Warner was outside and Moran was inside, and the cellar door cannot be opened outside—you cannot get into the cellar, without going into the warehouse—Warner could not have gone to the cellar without my seeing him—I would swear he did not go into the cellar—I saw Moran going towards the cellar.

Moran's Defence. I am quite innocent.





GEORGE SELWOOD
. I am a confectioner, and live at No. 180 Tooley-Street, I have been there a little better than two—was at the Thames police-office, on Saturday, the 7th of May, and saw Fogg there, and the wife of the witness, Warner—I heard Fogg say to her, "If you don't prevail or persuade your husband to confess, I will make a convict of him"—I have not been in court to hear the evidence—I went out when first it came on—Harrod's brother was with me at the time—after, what Fogg said, the woman went into the little room adjoining the office with, I think, Mr. Preston, in which room Warner was sitting—that was about ten minutes after I heard the conversation—I can swear I heard the expression, and I put it down just afterwards.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What took you there? A. To hear the examination—I know Harrod's brother, but not the prisoner—I think I have sees him—I had no dealings with him—I knew where he lived—I have been to his house about twice—I have only known him relative to this transaction—I have known there has been such a person—I did not know him before I went to the Thames police-office that day—he said there was a case coming on against his brother, and asked me to go, which I did, on the Saturday—I thought it very unfair of the officers to endeavour to Intimidate—I knew Fogg was an officer of the establishment—I did not know I was entitled to give information of this to the Magistrate—I heard that examination and the one on Monday—I did not tell the magistrate, because I had no knowledge that I had a right to do so, or that I should be allowed to interfere—I mentioned it Mr. Wooller. after the committal—perhaps two days after—I accompanied the prisoner's brother to Mr. Wooller—I spoke of it to Mr. Harrod before that—I heard the magistrate commit him—I heard Fogg's evidence read over to him—It did not occur to me to mention this.

COURT. Q. What day was at in May, you heard Fogg say this? A. On Saturday, the 7th—I was there on Monay, the 9th—Warner was not examined on the 7th—I do not think he was, but I am not quite sure.






JOHN PHESTON
. I was examined on the 9th of May, not before—there was no examination on the 7th.





WILLIAM FREDERICK HARROD
. I am the prisoner's brother, and am a working jeweller, living at No. 129, Tooley-street. Mr. Selwood and I have been intimate some time—I was with him at the Thames police-office, On Saturday, the 7th of May, when my brother was there, under charge—I heard Fogg say to Mrs. Warner. that if she did not prevail on her husband to confess, he would make a convict of him—Selwood was near enough to hear that—I went with him, a day or two after, to Mr. Wooller, and he communicated that expression to Mr. Wooller.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You did not hear the expression from your friend, but you heard it yourself? A. Yes—Fogg spoke loud enough for any body to hear, who was in the passage leading to the office—there was only the officer, and Fogg, and Evans, in the passage besides us—I did not write it down—I was bout three yards off—I might have heard Selwood speak of it, but we have not made it out conversation—I know Fogg—I did not speak to him at that time—I only recollect speaking on one occasion, and that was at a public-house very near, but I cannot tell the sign—I did not ask him to go and drink with me—I asked him to drink—that was on the first examination, not on the 7th—there was an examination of the prisoner before the 7th—he was remanded twice—it was before I heard what Fogg said—I said to him then, "You need not have said what you did about my brother."

Q. Did you not also, on that occasion, ask him to be as lenient to your brother as he could? A. I do not recollect such a thing passing—I cannot swear it did not—I do not recollect his saying he must of his duty—I do not recollect any answer that he made—I cannot swear I did not ask him to be lenient to my brother—I have no recollection of its passing—I believe it did not—I cannot swear it—it was after that that this conversation took place.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. All you admit saying to him was, that he need not have said what he did? A. Yes, that was all that passed, I believe—I was present when Selwood said what I have stated to Mr. Wooller.

COURT
to
GEORGE SELWOOD. Q. When you heard those words which you thought sufficiently important to take a note of, did you tell Mr. Harrod, the brother, what you had heard on the spot? A. I told him so at the time—I said, "Did you hear that?" and repeated what I had heard—I wrote down what I heard in the evening, but not in his presence.

COURT
to
W. F. HARROD. Q. Did not you say it was not reaped to you, but you heard it yourself? A. Yes, I heard it myself—it was spoken of that we heard it—I do not know whether Selwood said, "Did you here that?"—I observed to him, "Did you hear that conversation of Fogg, the officer?"—I observed it to him and he to me—I do not know whether Fogg heard us—we were about two or three yards distant—we spoke in the ordinary tone—Fogg was speaking to the woman, and might not have heard us, and then the woman approached towards us—it might be possible he might not hear the woman said something to him respecting one man was the same to her as another, and that put an end to the possibility of my hearing further conversation—Fogg might have heard what we said.





JAMES FOGG

re-examined. I knew the man had made a confession before the examination—I was aware of that before I attended at the office—the witness Harrod asked me to be as lenient with his brother as I could and asked me to take something to drink—there is not a word of truth in

what the witnesses have said with respect to my observation to Mrs. Warner—here is the officer who was present—I heard Selwood say to Harrod's brother, "Did you hear that?"—and I can explain what it was—two women were talking to Warner's wife—I said, "Go away from these women have nothing to do with them; they will get your husband transported; go away from them into the room."

COURT. Q. Why would they get her husband transported? A. they were persuading her, I think, not to let her husband come forward.
(James Baker, a surgeon, of Dorchester-place, New North-road; William Mason, a draper, of Fore-street; Richard Burton a silk-manufacturer, of Wood-street. Cheapside; Charles Edward Walker, of London-road, south-wark; James Bateman, a carpenter and builder, of Dorchester-place, New North-road; William Carter, a wholesale coffee-dealer, of Barbicas; James Bower, a linen-draper; John P. Searle. a tailor, of Tabernacle-row City-road; John Hewett, a druggist, of Will-street, Wellclose-square; Henry Cowlely, a tea-dealer, of New-road;—Bacon and Alice Bacon, gave the prisoner Harrod a good character.)

MORAN-


GUILTY
. Aged 38.

HARROD-


GUILTY
. Aged 37.




Transported for seven Years.
