





987. 




SARAH SINGLETON,



 JOHN JONES
, and 




JAMES SMITH
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
19th of February, 1 jacket, value 3s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 4s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 1 pair of braces, value 6d.; 1 penknife, value 6d.; 3 books, value 3s.; and 1 shilling; the goods and monies of 



Frederick Bye; and that Smith had been before convicted of felony.






FREDERICK BYE
. I live in Titchbourn-court, Holborn, with my father. On the 18th of February I was in Gray's Inn-lane, about half-past ten o'clock in the evening—I saw Singleton there—I asked her if she could tell me where I could get a cheap lodging—I had left my father's home, because I had stolen a few things from my father—Singleton took me to a house, in Carrier-street, St. Giles's rookery—I was to give eightpence for my lodging—I went there, and went to a room with her—the other two prisoners came, and we all four slept in one bed—I stripped, and went to bed first, and put my clothes by the side of the bed—Jones and Smith got up first in the morning—I remained in bed with the prisoner Singleton—I did not watch Jones and Smith dress themselves—when they were dressed, they went away—Singleton got up about ten minutes after them, and she went away—I remained in bed about five minutes longer, and when I got up, all my things were gone, every thing stated in the indictment—I had nothing left but my shirt that I had slept in—I lost 1s., and three duplicates—Jones had put on my trowsers, and left his—I went to the station-house—I saw the prisoners again on the evening of the 19th, and Jones had got my trowsers on then.

Jones. It being dark, I put on his trowsers instead of my own.





JAMES GILLING
 (police-constable E 159.) On the 19th of February I apprehended the two male prisoners at the Clarence theatre—Jones had these trowsers on him—I have found no other property—both the prisoners said they had sold the other things; that they were gone far enough, and that they might as well be lagged first as last.





JOHN FREEWEEK
. I lodge in the house which the prosecutor was taken to—I know the prisoners by their living there—on Monday night, the 18th of February, between ten and eleven o'clock, I saw Bye standing at the prisoner's room door—he was then decently dressed—I went into the yard, and heard the voice of a female say, "Boy, don't go away"—he said, "I am not going away"—he entered the room, and they began to sing till they went to bed—the next morning I saw Bye with nothing but his shirt on.





JOHN BYE
. These are my son's trowsers—I believe he left my house because he had committed something offensive to me.

Smith. Singleton knows nothing about it—Bye is a returned transport

himself—he was transported for seven years, and got off with eighteen months.





FREDERICK BYE

re-examined. I have been transported for seven years, and went to the Euryalus, at Chatham—I got my discharge the latter end of April last.





JAMES CARTER
 (police-constable S 140.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Smith's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)— he is the person.

SINGLETON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

JONES—


GUILTY
.* Aged 18.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. † Aged 21.





Transported for Seven Years.
