







570. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     KEMP
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     SMITH
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 5 scrubbing-brushes, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bott
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BOTT
               



            . I keep a broker's-shop
, in Tottenham-street, St. Pancras


. On the 1st of February I saw the prisoners at my shop - Kemp and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Smith
               



             came into the shop; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Smith
               



             staid outside - Kemp produced a jacket, and asked my wife if she would buy it; she said No - I stepped out of the parlour, and said I did not deal in such things; they then went out - I afterwards received information, and missed five scrubbing-brushes off a nail on my door post - I went, and overtook the prisoners three or four doors off; I felt them round, but found nothing on them - I should think they had then got two hundred yards from the house; I then saw Mary Ann Smith alone, with these brushes in her lap - she ran a good distance with them, but I overtook her; I afterwards took Elizabeth with the same jacket under her arm, which Kemp had offered for sale at my shop - when I first went out after them I could not find Mary Ann Smith; the brushes had hung within her reach.


                  ELLEN 
                  PLOWMAN
               



            . I live with my father, in Tottenham-street. I was looking out of our shop window, and saw the three prisoners go to the prosecutor's shop - Kemp went in, and the other two stood partly outside the door -I saw them come away from the shop, and Elizabeth Smith took off the brushes and gave them to Mary 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smith
               



            ; I then saw them walk away, and Elizabeth Smith tried to cover something over which 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann
               



             Smith was carrying, but I could not see what it was - I went, and told the prosecutor.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAYS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took Elizabeth Smith; she told me the name of Kemp, and I took Kemp at her father's.
Kemp put in a written Defence, stating that the prisoner Elizabeth Smith had sent her to sell a coat, and during her absence had taken the brushes.
E. SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
KEMP - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
M. A. SMITH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
