






361. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HEALE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Brown
               




            .


                  ALICE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the wife of Nicholas Brown - I take in washing, and live in North Wharf-road, Paddington


. On the 3rd of November, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was at my window, and saw the prisoners go by together, and as they passed, Chapman put his hand through the palings, and took down a handkerchief, and the peg flew out - Heale was close to him; I followed them, and saw Heale putting something into his bosom -I said, "Give me the handkerchief," but they got away too fast for me to follow them; I sent a lad after them, and they were taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRENCH
               



            . I pursued the prisoner, and criedStop thief! I lost sight of them, but they were taken the same night.
RICHARD HANCOCK. I am a Police-officer. I saw the prisoner go past the prosecutor, but did not see them take any thing; the prosecutor gave me information; I described the prisoners to McLean.
Heale. You said it was not one of us. Witness. When I was fetched to the watch-house, you were laying down, and I did not know you, but I could swear to Chapman.


                  DUNCAN 
                  McLEAN
               



            . I am a Policeman. From the description given me by Hancock, I knew where to find the prisoners, and took them the same evening.
Chapman's Defence. I was not near the place. I had not been a quarter of an hour with Heale when we were taken.
HEALE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CHAPMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
