





Second London Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Bayley
               



            .
618. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SPENCER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously forging a certain bill of exchange
            , which is as follows: To T W. Coke, Esq. Holkham. December 13, 1832.
Sir, - You will greatly oblige by paying to my order, one month after date the sum of £405. for value received, by purchase of land. 
               
                  MARY 
                  ANN BLOOM
               



            .
Walsingham, Norfolk.
with intent to defraud 
               
                  
                     John Henton 
                     Tritton
                  




               
             and others.
2nd COUNT, for uttering the same.
3rd COUNT, for forging an acceptance on the said bill as follows, "Accepted payable at Messrs. Gurney's and Co.'s Bank, Fakenham, or elsewhere, 
               
                  John 
                  W. Coke Holkham
               



            , Norfolk."
NINE OTHER COUNTS varying the manner of laying the charge.
MESSRS BODKIN and LEE conducted the prosecution.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WOODCOCK
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Wynne, of Cambridge-street, Hackney-road, coal-merchant. I lodged at Mr. Newson's, in Cumberland-street - the prisoner also lodged there. On Thursday, the 10th of January, I had some conversation with him in the evening, in the course of which he showed me a bill - (looking at the bill) this is it; he showed it to me, and remarked that he would pay my landlord, Mr. Newson, the amount of his bill if he could give him change for a 100l. bill, he then put this bill into my hand - I read it over, and remarked that it was drawn out in a very unusual form; he answered that it was drawn out by a lady - this was about ten o'clock at night; on seeing him next evening, when he had reached the stairs leading to his bed-room, I called after him, and asked him if he had got his bill cashed - he returned to me, and said he had no knowledge of having shown me the bill, and said he had not got it cashed, but he should get it cashed in the country.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You remarked on the extraordinary nature of the bill? A. Yes; I never saw one begin in that style before - it is the clumsiest performance I ever saw; I cannot make the name to the acceptance "Coke" - it does not purport to be endorsed by Bloom; I never saw an endorsement begin with "Messrs."


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEWSON
               



            . I live at No. 30, Cumberland-street, Hackney-road - the prisoner lodged with me for about three weeks before he was apprehended. On Thursday, the 10th of January, he came home about ten o'clock at night, and appeared to be in liquor - he asked if I could give him change for a bin; he owed me about two guineas - I asked him the amount of the bill; he said it was a 400l, bill - I did not read it myself; it was shown to Mr. Woodcock in my presence; he had lodged at No. 26, in the same street, previous to coming to my house; he was not lodging there in January.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you think him in his senses? A. He was drunk; he told me he had come to town to receive a legacy of 80l. for his wife.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COVINGTON
               



            , SEN. I am principal clerk in the country office of Messrs. Barclay's bank. On the 11th of January last I received a letter by the two penny-post, enclosing a bill of exchange - this is the letter and bill (looking at them, see letter No. 1.) - I gave them into the hands of Mr. Bevan, one of the firm.


                  ROBERT 
                  COOPER LEE BEVAN
               



            , ESQ. I am one of the firm of Barclay and Co. - Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Heaton Tritton
               



             is the senior partner
; there are four partners besides him. This letter, and the bill it enclosed, were handed to me by Mr. Covington, on Friday, the 11th of January - I made a communication to Mr. Samson Hanbury on the subject, in writing; this is the letter I sent - it was sent by 
               
                  John 
                  Bull
               



            , our porter, and about twelve o'clock the next day(Saturday) I received this letter (looking at it - No. 2.) from one of our clerks; Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hanbury
               



             came in while I was reading it - I showed him the letter, and in consequence of what he said, I went out to inquire who had brought it; I found the prisoner there, and asked him if he was the bearer of that letter - he said he was; Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hanbury
               



             was at that time in the partners room, not in the office where the prisoner was; I desired the prisoner to take a seat while I saw more about it; he asked whether he had not better call again; he saw me go to a clerk to desire him to look after him, upon which he immediately begged to speak to me in private - I should not think he heard what I said to the clerk; I took him into a private part of our premises - he then said he had never done such a thing before, and begged me to let him go for the sake of his wife and family, for he had been driven to it by distress - he repeated this application to me several times, and he fell down on his knees; I desired an officer to be fetched - Furrester came, and he was taken into custody; I had no previous knowledge of him.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he drunk when he came to you? A. Not at all; it would be impossible for this forgery to escape detection, on a view of it - it is very clumsily done; a person used to bills would see that it was out of the ordinary course - Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, does not keep cash with us.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you ever find that bills coming from the country between persons not in trade are drawn hadly? A. Yes, many country bills are drawn very bad.


                  HARRY 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am cashier to Messrs. Barclay. On the 12th of January the prisoner came to me, and delivered this letter - on his giving me this letter, he accompanied it with an inquiry, which I did not understand at the time - but mentioning the name of Mr. Hanbury, I looked at the letter, and seeing it was addressed to the house, I desired him to take it into an inner room, where it would be conveyed to the partner; he then repeated his question asking if we had not heard from Mr. Samson Hanbury respecting a bill - I then asked him if he knew the contents of the letter; he said that he did - I then opened the letter, as he said it alluded to a bill - he said nothing else that I recollect - I opened the letter, and took it to Mr. Covington, who came forward, and asked who had brought the letter; I pointed to the prisoner, and he went into a private room with him.


                  ROBERT 
                  HANBURY
               



            , ESQ. I am a partner in the house of Hanbury and Co., Brick-lane. On Saturday, the 12thof January, I came to business at ten o'clock in the morning, and found the prisoner waiting in my counting-house - I believe him to be the man, but did not take much notice of him; I learned from him, that he came to make inquiry about a bill - he said the bill was at Barclays' - he said he was clerk to Messrs. Oxley and English, and was sent by Messrs. Barclays to make the inquiry about the bill; I do not recollect his saying why he was sent - he did not say why it was necessary to make inquiry about the bill; I told him I knew nothing about it - Mr. Samson Hanbury, my uncle, was not in town that day - he only comes to town on a Thursday, once a week; I said nothing to the prisoner about Mr. Samson Hanbury; while I was talking to him my attention was called to a letter addressed to Mr. Samson Hanbury - this is the letter: it was brought to me by one of the clerks from the letter-box, unopened - on inquiring about the bill, one of the clerks said, in the prisoner's hearing, that there was a letter from Barclays' which might refer to the subject, and this letter was produced - I opened it in the prisoner's presence, read it, and said to the prisoner, "I will inquire about it;" he immediately left - I gave him no letter to take to Barclays', nor was any given him by my direction; I have a clerk named James Young, but no 
               
                  William 
                  Young
               



             - (looking at a letter, No.2,) this is not the handwriting of Young, my clerk, nor of any person in our establishment; the prisoner left me about a quarter after ten o'clock, and soon after twelve I called myself at Barclays' bank; while I was there, the letter signed Young was shown to me - I saw the prisoner at Barclays' on that occasion, and, in consequence of what I said, he was taken into a private room by Mr. Bevan - he fell down on his knees, and addressed himself to me.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see a bill drawn in such a manner before? A. It is very clumsily done, but in the country they are very often very curiously drawn - we do not bank at Barclay's.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am one of the City Police. In consequence of information on the 12th of January, I took the prisoner into custody at Barclay's bank; I searched, and found a key on him (looking at several letters and papers); I found all these on his person - in consequence of something I observed on the letters, I went to No. 26, Cumberland-street, and saw Mr. Purchase who brought me a box, which I tried the key to, and it opened it - in the box I found several papers and letters, in consequence of the directions on some of them, I went to Brisley, in Norfolk - I found some letters there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PURCHASE
               



            . I live at No. 26, Cumberland-street. I recollect Forrester coming to my house on the 12th of January - I showed him a box which belonged to the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe you knew him when he lived in the country? A. Yes; he was about nine weeks at my house - I have known him altogether about five years; he bore the character of a respectable honest man - he was formerly a schoolmaster, but latterly kept a new beer-shop.


                  JAMES 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a clerk in Mr. Hanbury's house, Brick-lane - I am the only Young in their employ. This letter is not my hand-writing, nor the writing of any body in the house.
MISS 
               
                  MARY 
                  BLOOM
               



            . I did live at Wells, I now live at Norwich - I never lived at Walsingham; my father had a small estate at Walsingham - he sold it some years before his death; he died last July three years - I do not know the distance of Brisley from Walsingham; I never sold any land at Walsingham - this signature to the bill is not my hand-writing.
Cross-examined. Q. It is not your name? A. No, my name is not Mary Ann - I never sold any land to Mr. Coke, of Norfolk; I know him very well - my father sold his land to a Mr. Brook; it might be three or four years before he died - Mr. Coke did not owe me 400l.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Is Brisley in the neighbourhood of Walsingham? A. Yes, but I do not know the distance.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . Brisley is eleven miles from Walsingham.


                  SAMSON 
                  HANBURY
               



            , ESQ. I am one of the firm of Hanbury and Company of Brick-lane0. (Looking at a letter with a post-mark dated the 23rd of November, No.3) this is my hand-writing; there is something under the signature which is not my writing; I wrote the letter in consequence of an application for assissance from R. S. No. 26, Cumberland-street, Hackney-road - (looking at another letter, No. 1;) this is not my hand-writing, not one word of it - the name is something like my signature; I do not think it much like the signature to the letter, I wrote; the same characters are used; the letter, was not written by my authority at all; the endorsement Samson Hanbury on the bill is not my hand-writing, nor written by my authority - I never saw the bill till it was shown to me after the prisoner was taken.


                  HENRY 
                  VICRY WILSON
               



            . I am a clerk in the banking establishment of Messrs. Hammersly. I am acquainted with the hand-writing of Mr. Coke, of Norfolk; this acceptance is certainly not in his hand-writing; it is an attempt to imitate it, but a very bad one.
Cross-examined. Q. A very clumsy performance altogether? A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  ENGLISH
               



            . I am a partner in the firm of Oxley English and Oxley, of Lynn, Norfolk. The prisoner was never a clerk in our house; I have no reason to suppose this bill was ever in possession of our house - the endorsement is not our writing.
Cross-examined. Q. The firm is not properly described on the bill? A. Yes; it is English and Co.; we do not endorse bills in this way with "Messrs." before the name, nor write Lynn under it. I see many bills in the country drawn as clumsily, and should not object to take such a bill if I knew the person; I know nothing of the prisoner - Lynn is about twenty-five miles from Walsingham.
MR. BODKIN. Q. How long have you lived at Lyon? A. Twenty-four years - there is no other firm of our name.
The following letters were read.
[No. 1.] SIRS, - I beg to say, the enclosed bill which I have endorsed, should you think proper to cash, I will stand account able for; the owner will call in the course of the day; should you not think proper to comply with the same, I will thank you to return the bill to me. S. HANBURY, Brick-lane.
To Barclay, Tritton, and Co., No. 54, Lombard-street.
Saturday morning.
[No.2] SIRS, - In answer to your letter, received last night, respecting the bill of acceptance, endorsed by Mr. S. Hanbury,I beg to say the same is perfectly right; the bearer of this note is the person to whom the bill belongs. - I am, for 
               S. 
            Hanbury, Brick-lane. W. YOUNG, Clerk.
[No. 3.] - To R. S. No.26 Cumberland-street.
SIR, - As you request a line from me, in reply to your letter of yesterday, I beg to say, it is not agreeable to me to interfere in the affairs of a stranger. S. HANBURY.
At the bottom of this letter several attempts had been made to imitate the signature; other papers were found on the prisoner, which were produced, upon which were written the name of" F. Joke or Coke" several times; also the words "accepted and payable at Mr. Gurney's bank, Fakenham;" the form of a bill for 447l. on 
               J. W. 
            Coke, Esq., Walsingham, and various attempts at making an acceptance, and the signature of J. W. Joke.
MR. WILSON. I have seen a great deal of Mr. Coke's writing; he writes the first letter of his name rather carelessly - it is something in the shape of a C.; I cannot say it never resembles any other letter.
MISS BLOOM. I have been at Walsingham very frequently: it is a village - there is no Coke, Esq. there but Mr. Thomas William Coke.
The prisoner handed in a paper, simply declaring his innocence, in addition to this, he made the following:
Defence. Gentleman. I was perfectly aware I should be taken into custody at the banking-house, because I was aware that Mr. Hanbury was there; is it probable, if I intended to commit a fraud I should have suffered more than two hours to elapse between the time of my going to Mr. Hanbury's? or that I should return to the brewery two hours after, and inquire of Mr. Hanburys servant, at what time he would be at the bank? they said his usual hour was about two o'clock; I told them to tell Mr. Hanbury I would meet him there - I went and waited outside till Mr. Hanbury went in, and we both went in at the same time; I was labouring at the time under an abberation of mind, certainly I was not in a sane state at the time; is it likely I should have made two people acquainted with the bill under circumstances which would lead to immediate detection? if I had even got the proceeds of the bill; I stated to Woodcock that I was going to Mr. Hanbury's next morning, which he must recollect; the reason I went to Mr. Hanbury was, it was said the bill was sent in a letter, saying the owner would call in the course of the day, but I did not call, as I thought very probably, if I went, they might have offered me the cash, but that was not my object; I went in the morning and informed Mr. Hanbury of it; he said he was going into the City, and would call; now, if I had intended to get the money, should I not immediately have gone to the banker's, instead of waiting till I had been taken into custody? is it feasable that a man in his senses would have done that?
MR. BEVAN. The prisoner must have been in the bank before Mr. Hanbury came in, for I had the letter in my hand, when he came into the room.
MR. HANBURY. I understand he went and asked what time I generally went into the City; I do not recollect them telling me the prisoner would meet me there; I generally go into the City about one o'clock, but went earlier than usual, suspecting something.



               GUILTY, of uttering
            . - Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
