



1186. 




THOMAS GODLIMAN
 was indicted

for stealing on the 
5th of March, at 
Harefield, 1 wether sheep, price 2l. 6s., the property of 



Stephen Morgan.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WILLIS
. I am bailiff to Mr. Morgan, of Harefield, Middlesex, near Uxbridge, the parish of Rickmansworth joins the parish of Harefield. On the night of the 16th of March master had thirteen sheep in a field, called

Woodcock's Field—I went there at eight o'clock on Sunday morning, the 17th, and there were but twelve—a fat wether sheep was gone—I found the skin and entrails in the adjoining field—I observed foot-marks in that field of more than one man—it is a meadow—the field the sheep had been pasturing in was a turnip-field—I observed foot-marks in that field also, of one or two persons, corresponding with those in the field where the sheep was slaughtered—one of them was very remarkable—I sent for the constable, and we followed the track of the footsteps for about a mile, towards West Hyde, in Rickmansworth parish—the nearest foot-mark to the prisoner's house was about half a mile—it led to many other houses besides his—on the following morning (Monday) I went to the prisoner's house, about half-past eleven o'clock, and while the constables were searching it the prisoner came home—he said, "Halloo, what is the matter now?"—the constable said, "We are looking for mutton"—he said, "I wish there was some here"—the other constable said, "Let me look at your shoes"—he held up one—the constable said, "Let me look at the other"—he then held up the other—the constable said, "They are the shoes"—I noticed the tips had been taken off the heels—it appeared to have been done not more than an hour or two, I could see by the appearance of them—the shoes were taken from him, and he was taken into custody—I observed, in the gap between the two fields, impressions of a person wearing corduroy breeches having knelt—there was the appearance of two persons having been there—in getting up the bank they had made a slip, and knelt down on their left knee—there was the mark of cord, and at the bottom a flat impression, as if the breeches had been mended with cloth—I saw the prisoner's trowsers afterwards, they were corduroy, and were mended with a piece of cloth—in my judgment those trowsers made that impression—it was a very strong impression—the bank was dirty, and his trowsers were soiled with dirt.





JOHN ATKINS
. I am a constable of Harefield. On Sunday morning, the 17th of March, I was sent for, and went to Woodcock's-field—I found foot-marks in the sheep-fold of one man, very remarkable indeed—I noticed the mark of a toe of a shoe and the knee of trowsers, where he had slipped on the gap between the two fields—there were marks of two persons having been there—in the adjoining field we found the skin and entrails of the sheep—I accompanied Willis in the direction the foot-marks led, and went to West Hyde—I traced those marks nearly down to the prisoner's house—there were one hundred or two hundred impressions of foot-marks, very strong in some places—I found some about a quarter of a mile from the prisoner's house—I went to his house on the Monday, and found about three pounds weight of mutton, cooked, and a great deal of broth, but none raw—he came in, and said, "Halloo, what are you at there?"—I said, "Searching for stolen mutton"—I asked him to let me look at his shoes, which he did—I said, "That is one of the shoes, let me see the other"—he held it up—I said I could swear that was the shoe that made the track—they struck me directly as being the shoes, and seeing the tips were fresh pulled off, I asked him why he had pulled them off—he said they had been off about a week—I told him to pull the shoes off, and I put them into my pocket—I examined the foot-marks with the shoes, and they exactly corresponded—before that, in consequence of information, I went to Ford's, a shoe-maker's, near the prisoner's house—he produced two tips to me, in two parts—I put them together, and they formed a pair of tips—I applied them to the prisoner's shoes, and they were the tips that had come off

these shoes—I applied the shoes to the foot-marks, and they exactly corresponded—I can safely say the impressions, from the fold to within a quarter of a mile of the prisoner's house, had been made with those shoes—after I took him into custody I saw him throw something away—I ran and picked it up, and found it was this knife—I opened it, and there were marks of blood on it, and a sort of fat—the prisoner is a labourer—I asked him where he got the meat, he could not tell me.





DANIEL FORD
. I am a shoemaker, and live at West Hyde, Rickmans-worth, about a hundred yards from the prisoner's. On Monday morning, the 18th of March, he came to my house, about twelve o'clock—he did not say any thing, but took the pincers off the bench, went behind me, and did something to his shoes—what it was I do not know, as I was busy at work, but I heard something rattle against the grate—after hearing he was taken into custody I had the curiosity to see what I had heard rattle, and I took up two tips—after a little while Atkins came and asked me for the tips the prisoner had taken off his shoes—I said, "What tips? I have not teen him take any thing off, but after hearing you had taken him into custody I had the curiosity to look, and I picked up these tips"—he fitted them to the shoes, and they apparently fitted.





ELIZA FORD
. I am the daughter of the last witness. I was at home on Monday morning—I saw the prisoner come into the house, and take the pincers off the bench, go behind my father, take the tips off, and throw them under the grate.





JOHN ATKINS

re-examined. I took him about twelve o'clock—I had not seen him come out of Ford's—I traced the steps on the Sunday morning—I did not go nearer than a quarter of a mile from the prisoner's house, as I did not want it to be known that I was tracing.

Prisoner. My father knows I was at home and in bed, and if he had known what time my trial would come on he would have been here.

Witness. The prisoner lives with his father—I found the track of one person's shoes in the fold—they corresponded with the prisoner's shoes—I could only plainly distinguish one person's foot-marks at the gap, and they were the same as those in the field—the prisoner's father showed me his own shoes—he has a much larger foot than the prisoner—nothing was said about where he was on Saturday night, when he was charged with this offence.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
