






Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
511. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BLOOMFIELD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM BENJAMIN 
                     JEFFERSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Edghill
                     




                  , on the 5th of February
, and stealing 1 pelisse, value 5l., his property
            .
EDWARD HUGGLESTONE. I am a serjeant of the Police. On the 5th of February, a little after six o'clock, I saw both the prisoners in Oxford-street, against the prosecutor's window, about a yard from each other - I did not see them converse together; they were standing at the window for about a minute - I saw Bloomfield take something out of the window, and go off down the street; I did not know what he took - he folded it round, and put it into his apron; I immediately pursued up the roadabout two hundred yards before I overtook him - the other prisoner was walking after him; he did not join his company, but went past him - Bloomfield darted through a rank of coaches, and threw something down; I seized him, dragged him back to it, and found it was this pelisse, which I took up - Jefferson was coming in a stooping position towards the coach, and I took him; he had not done any thing - when I was picking up the pelisse he did not interfere; I took them back to the prosecutor's, who claimed the pelisse - I found they had pushed in these pattern boards, which were nailed up instead of a square of glass.
WILLIAM EDGHILL. I am a tailor
, and live in Oxford-street


. On the 5th of February Hugglestone brought the prisoners to my house with this pelisse, which is mine- I had seen it on the bar that day, but saw nothing of the transaction; the cost price is 5l.
Bloomfield's Defence. I was not with any body that night - my mother sent me to get some work for her; I did not steal any pelisse, and was not near the shop - I was walking along when a man came and caught hold of me just by the shop my mother works for, which is a staymaker's, at No. 14, I think.
BLOOMFIELD - 


               GUILTY (of stealing to the value of 99s. only, and not of breaking and entering)
             Aged 8.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JEFFERSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
