





251. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 2 bushels of onions, value 10s., and 1 sack, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Richardson
                  




               
            .
CHARLES RICHARDSON. I am a market-gardener
, and live at Isleworth


. I lost these onions from a shed belonging to my house, on Friday last - they had been transferred from where I had left them, into a hay-loft, put into a sack, and partly concealed under hay-bands and other litter; the prisoner was my carter, and was going to town the same evening with me.


                  HANNAH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Richardson. A little before one o'clock on Friday, I saw the prisoner put a prop against the hay-loft door, which I never saw before - I told my master I thought there was something wrong in the loft; I had seen the prisoner loading onions on the cart at five o'clock in the evening.


                  CHARLES 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I had the prisoner stopped with his cart, when he had got five hundred yards from my house, and I pretended I wanted a sovereign changed- I then found these onions.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. These onions had been transferred from one part to another? A. Yes - he was employed to carry onions for sale, but he never took any to sell without my direction; I have generally been on the premises when he has loaded his cart - I have sometimes been in London, and he has brought the cart to me, but I prepare my own goods formarket in a particular manner, and when they have been loaded he takes them - the shed was at the back of my premises.
COURT. Q. You have no doubt the onions were yours? A. No; I saw them at one o'clock, and saw them on the cart at five, in the same sack - the prisoner had 12s. a week, and 1s. a night when he went to market.
Prisoner's Defence. I do not know how they came on the cart.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
