





43. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COUNTESS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, 6 sovereigns
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     North
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  NORTH
               



            . I have just returned as an invalid seaman
 from Calcutta. On the 27th of October I went to sleep at the Turk's Head, in the Haymarket


; I went to bed between seven and eight o'clock - I had between eight and nine sovereigns in my trousers pocket; there were two bedsteads in the room I slept in, but only one bed; my trousers were wet, and I could not put them under my head, but I left them at the foot - the pin which fastened my sovereigns in my watch-pocket was then secure, and I had put a piece of paper over the sovereigns to keep them from shaking; the prisoner showed me up to bed, and then retired - I was unwell, and did not go to sleep; he came into the room again about nine o'clock, and asked if I was warm - I said Yes, I was then getting comfortable, and he said, "As your clothes are wet I will put them over the other bedstead;" I heard no more till a man came the next morning to call me - he said, "Did you tell that man to take any thing out of your pocket?" I said No; he said, "You are robbed;" I got my things on, came down, and was relating the circumstance to the nurse - she said, "I heard him in your room, and soon afterwards he went out;" I had lost all my money, and was left pennyless.



                  GEORGE 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a cutler. On the morning of the 28th of October, I was at the Finish having a cup of coffee - the prisoner came in very tipsy, and another man was with him, who was persuading him to spend his money; another man then came in, and took the prisoner away, but I had heard the prisoner mention Mr. Hall's name - I went to the Turk's Head, in the Haymarket, where I found the prosecutor.


                  JAMES 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. Cooper spoke to me, and said the prisoner had some sovereigns, and that he had changed one of them; I took him in company with two more persons - I found in his pocket a bottle of wine; I found 17s. on him - I asked where his sovereigns were; he said in his pocket, but I felt, and they were not there - he then said, "I beg your pardon, I put them in my stocking;" I took off his left stocking, and found five sovereigns in the foot of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HALL
               



            . I keep the Turk's Head, in the Hay-market. The prisoner was in my service - I was not at home the night this happened.
Prisoner's Defence. I lighted him up to bed, and did not go into the room again - he was intoxicated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
