






2289. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MUMFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of May
, 4 gross of awl-blades, value 1l. 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Dennis
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  DENNIS
               



            . I live in Little Pulteney-street


, and am a leather-cutter
. In May the prisoner came to my shop, with another man, to buy some nails - my boy served them; I afterwards heard I was robbed, and examined - I missed these awl-blades from a shelf in the shop window; I sent a person down Ham-yard to buy them, with a view of securing the property - I knew the papers they were in; the prisoner had been frequently to my shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I went down to Ham-yard, and saw the prisoner and Hampson sitting by the side of a sawpit; the prisoner was sewing his shoe, and the other was hammering a stone; but first of all I had a paper of awlblades sent from the prisoner, and I bought them; he asked if I wanted to buy these - I said they were of no use to me; he said he had got them to sell cheap, at 2d. a dozen; I said I did not want them - but I bought the whole lot for 8d., and I took them to Dennis.
Cross-examined. Q. Who sent you to purchase these things? A. Mr. Dennis, in whose service I then was; I bought a hammer of the other man - I met the prisoner afterwards in Oxford-street; I told him he was wanted, and he had better get out of the way - I could not take him myself; I should be afraid to tackle him, for he had threatened me, and I was obliged to be as civil to him as I could; I cannot recollect when I saw him last - I will not swear it was not on the 30th of September; I stopped and drank with him - it was more out of good-nature than any thing else.
COURT. Q. Did you, after that, tell the officer where he was? A. Yes; I told the officer every thing.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



             (Police-constable C 85). I took the prisoner in King-street, Soho - I think it was on the 1st of October, between six and seven o'clock; I knew he was wanted, but I was not the officer employed to take him - I went to the prisoner, and asked if his name was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Mumford
               



            ; he said No - I said, "Are you sure it is not?" he said Yes - I said I would take him on suspicion; I took him to the station, and left him there - I went out for a little while, and then I came back, and said, "Your name is Mumford;" then he told our inspector that his name was Mumford - I took him to the office; he said, "I did not steal them - I know I sold them, but I had none of the money."


                  DANIEL 
                  DENNIS
               



             re-examined. Q. How many did you lose? A. I cannot tell - I recovered about seventyfive; I think, in two or three hours after I lost them -I was told I had been robbed - Hampson and the prisoner were both in my shop - Hampson has been transported.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . The prisoner sent a paper of awl-blades to my father's, where I was sitting at work, and we did not buy any; my father went and told Mr. Dennis, and then I went and bought them of him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was sitting in Ham-yard; there was a quantity of awls to be sold, and Hampson asked me to hand them over to Hawkins, and he paid Hampson 1s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I paid 1s. to Hampson, as he held out his hand for it, and I bought a hammer of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
