




2284. 




MARY THOMPSON
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of July, 3 blankets, value 7s.; 1 counterpane, value 2s.; 1 pillow, value 3s.; 2 sheets, value 4s.; 2 cups, value 2s.; 1 milk-pot, value 1s.; 1 tea-pot, value 4s.; 2 basins, value 1s.; 9 knives, value 8s.; 6 plates, value 3s.; 2 dishes, value 1s. 6d.;3 candlesticks, value 7s.; 1 basket, value 1s.; 14 towels, value 5s.; 3 shawls, value 5s; 1 table-cloth, value 4s.; 1 spoon, value 2s. 6d.; and 3 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; the goods of 



Elzard Anthony Tardieu, her master: and 





MARY ANN ANDREWS



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. ADOLPHUS.conducted the Prosecution.






LOUISA TARDIEU
. I am the wife of Elzard Anthony Tardieu, and live in City-terrace, City-road, in the parish of St. Luke. The prisoner Thompson came into my service on the 28th of June, and left on the 9th of July at night—I went to bed at nine o'clock that night, being very unwell—about eleven o'clock a gentleman came home, and I then found the door open, and she was gone—she had given me no notice of her intention to leave—there was nobody but myself, my husband, and her, in the house—I shut the door then and went to bed—nobody was let in that night, except the gentleman who is here—next morning I missed the articles stated, which were all safe the night before—I afterwards found the prisoner in

custody, and the articles were produced—I bad not discharged her—she was in my service at the time she left.





JOHN HUDSON
. I am clerk to a solicitor. I lodged at the prosecutor's house—on the 9th of July, I came home about five minutes after eleven o'clock, and found the street-door wide open—I called out several times, and went down the passage, but receiving no answer, I shut the door to—I went and got a policeman—we knocked at the door several times, and aroused Mrs. Tardieu—the prisoner had left the house.





REBECCA SARAH SMITH
, I am single, and live in Great Earl-street, Seven-dials—I have known the prisoner Andrews between three and four years—I believe she is married—she has a person she calls her husband—in consequence of something that person communicated to me, on the 10th of July, I went to Mrs. Andrews, who lives in Blue Anchor-alley, Bunhillrow—I saw her standing at a coal shed-door, opposite where she lives—she came over to me, and asked if Mr. Andrews had called on me—I said, "Yes, he says you want me"—she said, "Yes, I want you to do me a favour, for a person has lent me two or three things, to make a little money of"—I went up stairs with her, and there was two brass candlesticks and a metal tea-pot—she put them into a basket, and came down with roe, and we went towards Clerkenwell, through Jerusalem-passage—she there took out the two candlesticks and gave them me to pledge—I pledged them for 2s., in the name of Johnson, I think, and gave her the money and tickets—she told me to put them in that name—she then gave me the tea-pot, which I pledged at the corner of Exmouth-street, for 18d., and gave her the money and duplicate—we then came back to her own house, and had a quartern of gin—we went up stairs, and on the two-pair a neighbour, Mrs. Holland, called her into her room, and said, "I want to speak to you"—there has been two policemen after you, describing a person like you, and a girl"—she said, "What do you mean? what does the policeman want of me?"—she then went up her own stairs, apparently very angry, saying something which I could not hear—I went home, and did not go into her room any more that day—next morning, about a quarter to ten o'clock, four knocks came to my door—I went down, and saw the two prisoners—they both had parcels in their hands—they came up stairs into my room—Thompson said, "How came you to go away so, yesterday afternoon?"—I said, "I heard quite enough to make me go"—Mrs. Andrews appeared the worse for liquor, and Thompson exclaimed, "Oh dear! I must be mad drunk, to rob my mistress"—Mrs. Andrews said, "I have some China, and a sheet, I wish to leave them here"—I said, "I will have nothing to do with them"—Andrews said, "Then we will sell them"—Thompson said, while Mrs. Andrews and I were gone out on the Wednesday, she had a great mind to get up and hang herself—(she was lying in bed when I went to Mrs. Andrews's house)—we all three came down stairs, and went towards Vinegar-yard—Thompson then left us, and went to sell the China—she returned in a very few moments, and told Mrs. Andrews she had sold the China for 9d.—we then proceeded to Monmouth-street, where Thompson left us, and said she would go and sell the sheet—Mrs. Andrews held the sheet, while Thompson went to sell the China, and then gave it to her to sell—I walked on with Mrs. Andrews, and then said to her, "How came you to send for me yesterday, to make away with these things, when you knew they were stolen?"—she said, "Oh, don't bother, you shall not be hurt"—I then said to her, "When I was in your place yesterday, I thought I saw some knives and forks, on the end of a bench

under the window; I suppose those were stolen"—she said, "Yes," and said her husband took them out that morning to throw away—Thompson by this time, overtook us, and told Andrews she had sold the sheet for 1s.—Andrews held out her hand, but I did not see her give her the money—we then returned, and came down Holborn, went into a public-house, and there Thompson gave Mrs. Andrews some money—I could not see what quantity—Andrews went to the bar, and got a pint of porter and a quartern of gin—she sat down and went to sleep—Thompson sat down, and in a short period fainted away—I roused Andrews up—she went to the bar and got some vinegar, and got her too—we then all left the public-house, and when we got outside Thompson got better, and exclaimed, several times, "Oh, what shall I do? I wish I was dead"—Andrews walked on before, and Thompson walked with me, and told me that the evening before she had taken out a pillow, and given it to a girl to sell; that she brought her 1s. 3d. for it, which she had spent herself—I said, "I suppose, then, you drank a good drop last night?"—she said, "Yes, I did, for I do not know what time I got home to Andrews's house"—she then exclaimed, "Oh, what shall I do? they are sure to fetch me; I shall make away with myself!"—we went home towards Whitecross-street, where Andrews lives—nothing passed there, but Thompson sent Andrew with a frock of her own to pawn, to get some tea, and we had tea together—I saw no more till they were in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you get your living? A. A man I have lived with many years supports me—he is a machine ruler—it was not Thompson that wished to leave the crockery with me, it was Andrews—Thompson did not say she did not care what she did with it, she must get rid of it somewhere—Andrews said, "We must sell it"—Thompson said in Vinegar-yard she would go and sell the crockery, and she went and sold it—I and Andrews waited for her—Andrews had a basket with her, and the sheet was in it—I told Andrews it was wrong of her to send for me to pawn the things, as she knew them to be stolen—I am quite positive I said she knew them to be stolen—we had a pint of beer in Holborn—I first gave evidence of this on Thursday afternoon, when a policeman came to my house—I did not volunteer my testimony.

COURT. Q. What did the policeman say when he came? A. He said he came from some parties in St. Luke's—that Thompson and Andrews had been taken up for a robbery; and Thompson having said I had pawned some of the articles, he wished to search my place.





JAMES INWOOD
. I am in the service of Mary Ann Bulworthy, a pawnbroker in Aylesbury-street, Clerkenwell. On the 10th of July, a pair of candlesticks were pawned with me by Smith, for 2s., in the name of Ann Robinson, No. 4, John-street—she was alone.





THOMAS PRENTICE
.—I am in the employment of James Telfer, a pawnbroker in Whitecross-street. On the 10th July, a counterpane and sheet were pawned for 3s. by the prisoner Andrews—on the following day, a blanket was pawned for 9d., in the name of Smith; but not by the witness Smith, or either of the prisoners.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Andrews before? A. Yes; I have a distinct recollection of her.





WILLIAM PHILLIPS
. I am in the service of Sarah Cordwell, a pawnbroker, in Exmouth-street. On the 10th of July, Smith pawned a tear pot with me, in the name of Harris, No. 6, Ann-street.





JOHN AUBEL
. I am in the service of Mr. Reeve, a pawnbroker, in Redcross-street. On the 10th July, a tea-pot was pawned with me for

1s. 6d., and a table-cloth and napkin for 2s., by Andrews, I believe—I gave two duplicates—I will not swear to her.





ROBERT COLE
.(police-constable G 193.) On Friday, the 12th of July, I went with Peat to Blue Anchor-alley, Bunhill-row, to Andrews's room—I found Thompson there—Andrews was not in the room at the time, and; did not come in while I was there—I took Thompson into custody, and told her I wanted her for a robbery—she said, "Oh dear! what shall I do?"—sho was sober.





JOSIAH PEAT
.(police-constable G 125.) On the 12th of July, I took Andrews into custody—I told her it was on suspicion of receiving property stolen by Thompson—she said she had got nothing—I searched her place, but found nothing—I saw the duplicate of the candlesticks taken from her pocket in the station-house, by the female searcher.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Thompson's Defence. This woman did not know they were stolen—she did not know they were in her room till next morning—after I told her such things were in her place, she said, "My God, what shall I do with them?"—Mrs. Smith said, "I will take them out and make away with them"—and she pawned the candlesticks and things—she said she would get rid of them—she and her husband spent some of the money at the Barley-mow public-house.




THOMPSON—
GUILTY. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy.
—



Confined Twelve Months; Three Days solitary, at three different periods.

ANDREWS—


GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
