





175. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 3 blankets, value 12s.; 1 pillow, value 3s.; 1 sheet, value 3s., and 7 shirts, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Chapman
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN CHAPMAN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Chapman
               



             - we live in King-street, Commercial-road


. The prisoner came to lodge with us on the 22nd of October, with her husband; they hired a furnished room, and left on the 14th of November: I went up to the room, and found it locked - I looked through the key-hole, and missed the chimney-ornaments; I then went in, and missed the blankets, sheet, and pillow, which were part of the bedding let to the prisoner with the room - the shirts I had to make for a gentleman, and gave them to her to mark; she and her husband went away together -I never authorized her to pawn any thing for me; they left a small box behind them, containing some implements for printing; I found the prisoner in Holborn the next day.
Prisoner. On the Monday morning I asked her to lend me a shilling - she said she had no money, but I might take four of the shirts, and pawn them for 7s., and if they were wanted, and I could not get them out she would help me - I did so, and took her a half-crown's-worth of halfpence, and she returned me 6d. of it. Witness. It is false - I never allowed her to pawn any thing, and she never brought me any thing as the produce of what she had pawned; she was constantly borrowing money of me.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  COLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in Holborn - I found on her eight duplicates; these are six of them; I told her it was on a charge of robbing her lodging - she made no reply.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY BAYFIELD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Goswell-street. These two shirts were pawned by the prisoner, on the 15th of November - I lent 2s. 6d. on them - this is the duplicate I gave, it is in the name of Ann Freeman.


                  GEORGE 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Whitechapel-road. I have five shirts, a pillow, a blanket, and a sheet, pawned by the prisoner in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Greenwood
               



             - these are the duplicates I gave her.
Prisoner. About twelve o'clock on the Monday I pawned four shirts for 7s., and you gave me 5s. in copper in a paper, and 2s. in silver. Witness. Yes, I did; that was on the 14th of November.
Prisoner. I gave my prosecutrix part of that money in the same paper he gave to me.
MRS. CHAPMAN. She gave me no money at all that day - she came down for a light between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, and I never saw her again that day.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
