



2267. 




FREDERICK SHOULES
 was indicted

for a robbery upon 



Lawrence Joseph Russell, on the 
8th of October, at 
St. Luke, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will 1 hat, value 1s., his goods.






LAWRENCE JOSEPH RUSSELL
. I am a dramatic performer. I am a native of Cork, in Ireland, and have been five weeks in London. I live

in Queen-street, King's-road, but have been nineteen days in prison. On Saturday, the 8th of October, between one and two o'clock in the morning I was at a place called Jews'-row, Chelsea—I had drunk some strong ale that evening, and stopped to get a snack of cold beef—I was perfectly able to go home—as I was walking along I got a push on my left side, and was thrown down on my right side—my hat was immediately taken off by a person unknown to me, who ran away with it—I could not tell who it was—it was dark—I immediately gave as alarm—an officer came up, and another immediately after him—I saw my hat in the station-house the some morning, when it was day-light—this is it—it is worth about 1s.—I am sure it was snatched off my head—it did not fall off—he gave me a blow which knocked me down, and took my hat.





GEORGE THATCHER
 (police-sergeant B 17.) On Saturday morning the 8th of October, about a quarter before two o'clock, I was in Jews'-now, Chelsea, and saw the prisoner turning up White Lion-street with a hat in his hand—he had a cap on his head also—I crossed White Lion-street and saw the prosecutor lying on his right side—I assisted him up—he complained of having been knocked down and robbed of his hot—I sent a constable in pursuit of the prisoner, but he did not overtake him—I then took another constable and went to his lodging—I knew him perfectly well—after some delay we were admitted to the room, where he lodges with his mother—I asked him for the hat he had taken from the man in Royal-hospital-row—he denied having taken any hat, or that any hat was in the room—I told him it was useless his denying it, for I had seen him go up White Lion-street with it in his hand—the constable immediately went to a straw bed in the room, and, turning part of it over, took the hat from under the bed—he was then taken into custody, and on our road to the station-house he stated that he picked it up, and that he did not take it off the man's head—the prosecutor was the worse for liquor—the prisoner was perfectly sober—we kept the prosecutor that night in the station-house for being drunk, and took him before the Magistrate, who committed him to Clerkenwell to give evidence, he not having any settled residence—the prosecutor was quite able to walk along—I saw nothing of his being pushed down—he walked to the station very well, but the station-house was rather warm, and that had an effect upon him, and made him worse—I should think a man running against him accidentally would not have knocked him down—he was walking along very well.





GEORGE FOSTER
 (police-constable B 90.) On Saturday morning the 8th of October, a little before two o'clock, I was called by sergeant Thatcher—I saw the prosecutor, who said he had been robbed of his hat—I went with Thatcher to the prisoner's lodging—I looked through a hole in the window-shutter, and saw the prisoner place a hat under the bed which was on the floor—Thatcher went into the room, and asked the prisoner what he had done with the hat he had taken from the prosecutor's bend—he said there was no hat in the room—I immediately turned up the bed, and found the hat bent double under the bed—the prisoner then said he had picked it up in Jews'-row.

Prisoner's Defence. The men never asked me any such thing—they knocked at the door—I let them in—they never spoke, but walked to the bed and got the hat—I was coming along—being in the dark, I kicked up against the hat—I picked it up, and put it under the bed—they took me to the station-house, and fetched the prosecutor, who was greatly in liquor,

and could not stand upright; he was covered with mud, and another man with him in the station-house was greatly in liquor,




GUILTY.† of Stealing only. Aged 21—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

