



2011. 




JAMES HAMILTON
 was indicted

 for stealing on the 
24th of June, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; 3 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the goods and monies of 



George Snell.






ELIZABETH SNELL
. I am the wife of George Snell, and live in Ellis-court, Brook-street. I rent two rooms on the first floor, my child sleeps in the adjoining room to me. On Sunday, the 24th of June, between three and four o'clock, I heard the child cry—I got out of bed, and took the child into my own bed—I fell asleep—being broad day-light I did not lock my room—I was awoke again, between four and five o'clock, and saw the prisoner inside my room—I hallooed, and got out of bed, and awoke my boy—I saw two persons run down stairs—I missed three half-crowns and 7s. 6d. from my pocket, and a watch, which hung over the mantel-piece—I had let my husband out to work at two o'clock in the morning, and locked the door—the money was safe when I went to bed—I did not know the prisoner before—I am quite certain it was him.





WILLIAM SNELL
. I sleep in the next room to my mother—I heard her give an alarm—I got out o(f bed—my mother said, "Stop him"—I ran down stairs in my shirt—he crossed the road, and then ran down a court—I lost sight of him—there were two boys, but the prisoner. was behind—I saw him upon the stairs, and knew him—I have seen him about the court before, and knew him by sight—he frequently, used to go by the house with a tin kettle full of coals.





GEORGE PAVET
 (police-constable K 240.) On the 26th of June I apprehended the prisoner in Brook-street—I said, I have been looking for you for a day or two"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For stealing a woman's watch and money"—he began to get away, and began crying, but I secured him, and found 5s. 8d. upon him—I could not find the watch.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming home to breakfast, when this young fellow took hold of me, and broke my pipe—I know nothing about the watch—I am innocent—I was fast asleep in bed when it happened.





ELIZABETH SNELL

re-examined. There is only myself lodging in the house—there are two street-doors, and they were looked—I did not go down to let my husband out—the people who live down stairs keep the house, all but my two rooms—I am confident my husband shut the door, it fastens itself, without being locked.




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

