



851. 




JOHN MORGAN
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
5th of February, of a certain evil-disposed person, 7 umbrellas, value 3l. 10s., the goods of 




Ebenezer Kirk, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






EBENEZER KIRK
. I am an umbrella-maker, and live in Gough-street, Clerkenwell. I lost twelve umbrellas from my shop on the 6th of January—these are seven of them—(looking at them.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you any mark on them! A. I know them by my own workmanship, they are my own make—I never saw any of the same appearance or kind—I have only sold one of this sort.





SARAH KIRK
. I am the wife of Charles Kirk; the last witness is my son. On the 6th of January I went to bed at half-past ten o'clock at night, leaving the front parlour shutters fastened, and about twenty minutes after seven o'clock in the morning I found them forced open by a chisel, a pane of glass broken, and twelve umbrellas taken—I had seen them safe the night before.





THOMAS SEAL
 (police-constable G 16.) On the morning of the 7th of February, from information, I went to No. 8, Peter-lane, Cow-cross, where the prisoner lives—I told him I had come to search his place, from information I had received, for a robbery—I did not say what I came to search for—he said he knew nothing of any thing stolen—I proceeded to search the place, and in the back parlour, behind the shop, in a small nook between the side of a chest of drawers and a cupboard, at the back of the nook I found three of these umbrellas; and up stairs, behind a bed, near a window, I found four more—I asked him where he got them—he said from a man in Petticoat-lane—I asked if he though the could find the man—he said he did not think he could, that he got them in the way of trade.

Cross-examined. Q. When did he say that he did not know any thing

about any thing that was stolen? A. When I first went in—the robbery was on the 6th, and this was on the morning of the 7th. (—Ridout, shoemaker, Owen-street, City-road; James Blunt, Queen's Head, St. John-street; Edward James, dairyman, Peter-lane; Thomas White, carpenter, No. 3, Peter-lane; and Edward Jones, coffee-shop keeper, Peter-lane, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
