







223. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GILBY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     ATTFIELD
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of December
, 18 handkerchiefs, value 6s. 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Shearman
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  SHEARMAN
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Chiswell-street


 - on the 3rd of December the prisoners were brought into my shop by an officer and a gentleman who had detected them in taking these handkerchiefs from the door - I then missed them from the place where I had seen them half an hour before.
WILLIAM FOX. I am a warehouseman - I first saw the prisoners standing all together at a door in Sun-street - I thought they did not look like buyers; and presently I sawsomething about their feet, and one of them stooped as if in pick it up - I went up, and said, "Go on, my girls;" and I took the article into the shop - they then went on, and stopped at two other shops - I met an officer and told him to watch them - they then went to the prosecutor's - I saw the officer run across the way - I went over, and took up these handkerchiefs, and took Gilby into the shop - the other two went on, and the officer went and brought them in.
THOMAS BAKEWELL BARKER. I received information from Mr. Fox - I saw the prisoners go to the prosecutor's; and Gilby pulled down these handkerchiefs, and was concealing them under her shawl - the others stood one on each side of her - I took her, and gave her to Mr. Fox, while I took the other two.
John Doyle, George Merriman, and 
               
                  John 
                  Plater
               



            , gave Attfield a good character.
GILBY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
CHAPMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
ATTFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
