



1479. 




HENRY JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of May, 1 handerkerchief, the goods of 



James Landers, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES LANDERS
. I am a linen draper, and live in Piccadilly. On the 31st of May, about ten o'clock at night, I was walking down Pickett-street—Christopher Jones said something to me, and I missed my pocket handkerchief, which I had just before—I did not see any body about.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q, I believe the street was very crowded? A. No it was on Sunday night.





CHRISTOPHER JONES
. I live in Star-court, Pickett-street, and deal in fruit—I was in Pickett-street, talking to a person—I saw the prisoner and another, following the gentleman—they picked his pocket; and turned back—I saw the officer, and gave him information—the prisoner gave the officer a back-handed stroke, and ran past him across the road.

Cross-examined. Q. You lost sight of him before you told the gentleman? A. No I never did, till after he was given in charge—I have kept a fruit-stand in the street upwards of ten years—I never was a porter in the Temple, nor held any situation there—I have two brothers there—I was never charged with having any thing to do with coals, which had been stolen—I was talking to a friend, when I taw the prisoner take the handkerchief—I did not say that I was in a bit of a funk, lest I should not make any thing by it—I was never a witness here before.





JOHN PLAYFORD
 (police-constable T 86.) I was on duty, and went after the prisoner—when I got within a yard of him, he gave me a push with his hand, and ran away—I ran and took him—I found nothing on him.





FREDERICK HARRIS
 (City police-constable, No. 18.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I know him to be the man.

Prisoner to
CHRISTOPHER JONES. Q, If you followed me, and saw me take the handkerchief, why not take me into custody? A. There was another person with you, and I was afraid I might be knocked down—the officer was at No. 20, and you were at No. 19, when you took it and looked at it, and put it into your bosom—I cannot tell what became of it afterwards.

Prisoner. He is mistaken in the person who took the handkerchief—he said at Bow Street, "It is no benefit my going into the office with you; if you are a known thief you will get three months"—he only comes here to get his expenses. Witness. I am sure he is the man who took the handkerchief—I never uttered such a word as he states, upon my solemn oath.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
