




1995. 




JOSEPH SCOTT
 and the said 




JOHN GIFFIN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of August, 20l. b. weight of copper, value 12s., the goods of 



William Ive, from a certain dock adjacent to a certain navigable river called the 
Thames.—2nd COUNT stating it to be the goods of 



James Waddell and others, and that Scott had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN TAYLOR
. I am a constable of Deptford. On Saturday the 12th of August, I was watching Mr. Ive's premises, which is a dock that communicates with the Thames—about half-past three o'clock in the morning, I saw Scott with another person, whom I believe to be Giffin, come across the end of the dock—there was an alarm given, and they ran and dropped some copper, which I took up, and produce—I did not know the nature of the premises, and ran into the mud.





WILLIAM JOHN ALFRED IVE
. I am the son of William Ive. I missed some copper from a vessel in the dock—I watched, and on the Saturday morning, about half-past three o'clock I saw Scott and another run across the dock, with another which I believe was Giffin—they dropped the copper—the officer and I took it up—I have compared it with the sheeting of the vessel—it is part of it, and is worth 12s.—the vessel was in the dock under repair.





WILLIAM COATES
 (police-constable R 129.) I was near the dock about twenty minutes before four o'clock, and saw Scott come out of Frenches field into New-street, in a direction from the dock—I did not speak to him—I did not know of the robbery then—I afterwards went to Scott's, in Crown-court, New-street—I asked him if he had met me—he said he had not—he came in about two o'clock, and I asked what kept him out so late—he said he had been at work at a privy—I said he must go with me, and told him to go and put his clothes on, and his mother called out to him, "Joe, don't wash your shoes"—he came down with them partly washed, but the hind part was muddy.






WILLIAM JOHN MILLER
. I saw the two prisoners come to the place that morning while I was watching—I was not more than six feet from them—I was very close to them—I shoved the gates, and they threw down the copper which was wrapped up in a handkerchief.

Giffin. I was not with Scott that night.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
 (police-sergeant R 15.) I produce the copy of the prisoner Scott's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the same person.

SCOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

GIFFIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years more.
