





48. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 12 sheets, value 3l.; 12 bolsters-cases, value 1l. 4s.; 20 pillow-cases, value 2l.; 6 toilet-covers, value 6d.; 123 towels, value 1l. 13s.; 20 table-cloths, value 10l.; 120 napkins, value 4l.; 30 d'Oyleys, value2s. 6d., and 1 trunk, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert Montgomery 
                  Hamilton
               




            , commonly called Lord Belhaven
.
2nd COUNT, stating them to be the property of Lord Belhaven.
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACKIE
               



            . I am butler to Lord Belhaven, he is a Scotch Peer, and is a Baron - his names are Robert 
               
                  Montgomery 
                  Hamilton
               



            . On the 14th of November, there were six packages to be forwarded to Scotland from his house in Stratton-street


; I packed up one trunk myself - it contained the articles stated in the indictment, but only part of them are here now; the prisoner came to the house about one o'clock that day, and brought a cart and a man; the six packages were all delivered to him, and he was to take them to the Glasgow-wharf


, to be forwarded to Scotland - some time afterwards the prisoner's father, who keeps the coach-office in Coventry-street, came to make some inquiries about his son; on the Wednesday following I saw the prisoner in an empty house in Queen-street, Lincoln's Ian-fields - Dalton, the coachman took me there; I found the prisoner and the officer there - the trunk in question was there broken open, and the contents of it were partly out; it had been locked and ordered when I delivered it to him.


                  JACOB 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. On Wednesday, the 16th of November, about twelve o'clock, I went to an empty house in Little Queen-street, Holborn - I knocked at the door, but could not get in; I went into the next house and saw the prisoner was in the empty house - I threatened to break in if he did not let me in; he then let me in, and I found the trunk on the floor in the shop, broken open, and some of the things on the window - I took the prisoner and the trunk; I searched, but there was no other person in the house - the prisoner's father was with me; I asked the prisoner what he was going to do with the property - he said he should have sold it, but on account of the marks he was afraid of being detected; I have brought part of the property here; the rest has been delivered up - the articles in the trunk corresponded with the indictment.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWTON
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I went to the house a short time after Miller - I found no more than he has stated.


                  STEPHEN 
                  GOODALL
               



            . I am a carman. I went with the prisoner to Stratton-street; I took six packages from there, and in Farringdon-street the prisoner bired a backney-coach, put three of the packages into the coach, and told me to take the other three to the Glasgow-wharf, and said he would meet me there - the trunk was one of the packages which he took away; he did not say what he was going to do with them - he came to the wharf and paid me, but did not bring the packages.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DALTON
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman. On the 15th of November the prisoner hired my coach at St. Clement's church; he took me to the Norwich Arms in the City - I there received three packages by his orders, and I went to Little Queen-street; I stopped at an empty house - the prisoner went in, put the packages in the shop, paid me, and I went home.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
