



1109. 




WILLIAM BROWN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of March, 1 basket, value 1s.; 10 shifts, value 1s.; 10 night-gowns, value 10s.; 4 frocks, value 5s.; 20 napkins, value 14s.; 11 frocks, value 11s.; 4 pairs stockings, value 2s.; 7 pair of socks, value 2s.; 11 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 2 table-cloths, value 5s.; 7 petticoats, value 10s.; 7 night-caps, value 3s.; 1 sheet, value 3s.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 2s.; and 1 dressing-gown, value 5s.; the goods of 



Charles Barry: 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 shift, value 1s.; the goods of 



Jane Richland: and 1 gown, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; and 1 shift, value 9d.; the goods of 



Maria Hook; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARIA HOOK
. I am servant to Mr. Charles Barry, who lives at Camberwell. I packed up these articles; part are my master's and part my own, on the 2nd of March, and placed it in the passage—it was to be washed by Mrs. Brown—her daughter, Hannah, came for it and took it away, to take it to Mr. Brown at Peckham—we have had all the property back.





HANNAH BROWN
. My mother washes for Mr. Barry's family—on the 2nd of March, I went to Mr. Barry's for the linen—the prisoner, who is my brother, went with me as far as the gate—I got the linen and took it to the gate, and there the prisoner took it—he carried it, and he told me to go and get him a pipe of tobacco at the Fox—I went, leaving the bundle with him—I returned in five minutes—he was then gone, and the bundle—the bundle was found afterwards in a little shrubbery, near Brockley-Wood—my brother had lived with my mother, but he did not return home.





JAMES WHITE
 (police-constable P 171.) I went with another officer in pursuit of the prisoner—I found him on the 8th of March—the linen was found in the wood by two women, who were not bound over, as the linen was returned—I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got from the Clerk's of the Peace for Surrey—I was a witness, I know the prisoner is the person.

Prisoner's Defence. On the 2nd of March I had no work to do, and I heard that brick-making was stirring down at Erith—I went down, and returned on the 7th of March, and then was accused of this.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
