





289. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 9 gun-barrels, value 8l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christopher Penryn 
                     Aston
                  




               
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  PENRYN ASTON
               



            . I am a gun-barrelmaker
, and have a house at No. 26, Little Windmill-street, Golden-square


 - I left these gun-barrels in my shop there on the 24th of December, between five and six o'clock, when I left to go home to Paddington - my shop has no communication with the rest of the house - I employ several men there, and I left my brother in the shop that night - on the next day he came to dine with me, and said the shop had been broken open - I saw it afterwards - the staple had been wrenched off, and my brother had stuck it in again - I was sent for in a few days to the station-house, and saw my property.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.How many persons lodge in the house where your shop is? A. I let three floors - I have seen the prisoner about the neighbourhood - he says he is a farrier.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY ASTON
               



            . My brother left me in the shop that night - I went away about half-past five o'clock, and fastened the door in the usual way, and put the key in a secret place - I went the next day, between eleven and twelve o'clock, and found the door wide open - it had been broken open - I missed fifteen or sixteen gun-barrels.


                  GEORGE 
                  WARD
               



             (police-constable B 131). I was on duty at a quarter past twelve o'clock at night on the 24th of December, in Orchard-street, Westminster - I saw the prisoner, with eight of these barrels on his shoulder, and one in his hand - I asked who they belonged to - he said he did not know, nor did he know where he was going, but a person had given them to him from a cab, and had given him a glass of gin to carry them - I asked where the person was - he said, "I don't know; is not he here?" and seemed to be looking about - I said that story would not do, he must go with me - he said, "Take the barrels, and let me go" - I said that would not do for me - my brother officer came up - I told him to take the prisoner, but he made some resistance - a soldier came by, I asked him to take the barrels, and I assisted to take the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. There was no concealment of them? A. No: he was about two miles from the prosecutor's.
MR. ASTON. I can swear to one of these in particular, and I believe the others are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Dean-street, and a cab stopped at the corner - a man got out of it who had a shooting-jacket on, and an apron - he asked me to carry these barrels down the street, and said he would give me a glass of gin - I did not tell the officer I had had it - I left the man settling with the cabman, and I went down the street where the officer met me - I made no resistance; but I said, "Don't pull me about, I will go with you - I have done no harm."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
