






1181. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WARREN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     RAINSFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 4 lbs. of tobacco, value 14s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Rogers
                        




                     
                  , the master of the said James Warren
            . (See Sixth Sess. p. 626.)
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am the son of the prosecutor, John Rogers; he is a tobacconist
, and lives at No. 392, Oxford-street


 - Warren had been in his employ nearly three years, and he was so in June last - we have a servant named 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Crawley
               



             - on the 28th of June my father left London; he had given me some information and I spoke to Crawley - our usual time of dinner was three o'clock, but we were generally a little later - on the 29th of June, I altered the dinner hour to two o'clock, and about two o'clock I sent Warren to the Old Change, with 60 lbs. weight of tobacco - while he was gone I searched the shop, and under the counter I found in a box three parcels of tobacco containing about 2 lbs. each; two of them were tied up and the other merely rolled up and tucked in at the ends; that was not a proper place for it to be kept - it is customary in our trade to have an order from the Excise for the delivery of all goods above the weight of 1 lb.; these orders are brought to the counting-house, but no orders had been brought for the delivery of these parcels to my knowledge; on finding these parcels I called for Crawley and Brown, and showed them to them - Warren returned from the City in about an hour and ten minutes - on his return I left the shop with Mr. Brealey who had come in, and to whom I had shown the tobacco; we crossed the road and stood where we could see the shop - I then saw Rainsford, whom I had not known before, come near the shop, lingering about with a blue bag in his hand, with something in the bottom of it - he went into the shop after some time, and came out in two or three minutes with the bag much fuller than it had been before - we crossed over to him and I asked what he had in his bag; he said, some tobacco; I asked if he would allow me to see it, he said, certainly; we went back to our shop, and I took from the bag two of the parcels which had been in the box under the counter - Warren was behind the counter at the time - I then looked into the box, and there was only one of the parcels left in it; I asked Rainsford how he came by the tobacco which was in his bag, he said, it was his father's stock, who keeps a little tobacconist's, and he had brought it out to sell; he wrote this direction,"
               E. 
            Rainsford, 16, Cumberland-row, King's-cross;" I noticed the manner of his writing; I asked him if he came out to sell the tobacco, how he came to bring it into our shop; he said, he came in to buy some snuff - he was asked what he gave for the snuff; both he and Warren answered together, Warren said he had given two-pence, and Rainsford said, he had given a penny - I asked Warren if he knew anything about the tobacco; he said, No, nothing at all - he had not turned his back upon Rainsford the whole time he had been in the shop - no man of the size of Rainsford could have reached over the counter, and helped himself to the tobacco in the box; there was no invoice with the tobacco under the counter, which is usually given to those who do not pay.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Rainsford never said he got the tobacco out of the box? A. No, he said he had tobacco in his bag, and he gave his right direction where his father lives - I do not know whether he has any interest in his father's business; this box was not the place where tobacco is usually kept, and there was no invoice or permit with it - it was cut tobacco, which is kept in casks in the shop; I have no doubt it had been placed in the box by Warren; another person might have placed it there, but he must have given it over the counter - our lads in the shop go behind the counter, the same as Warren, but the lads had been out for an hour or two before I found the tobacco; I cannot say how long it had been in the box - Warren had been the only person there for some time.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know the description of tobacco usually smuggled into this country? A. Not of my own knowledge, but I have heard it is of a rank description, but this is manufactured in our own factory.
COURT. Q. How do you know that - have you any particular mode of dressing it in your factory? No; I believe all manufactures do it in a similar way, but this was English manufacture.
Warren. Q. Can you swear to that tobacco as your father's? A. Yes, I will swear to it by its corresponding with our other tobacco, and being tied up in our usual manner - here is the writing of one of our lads on one of these parcels, which was in the box and afterwards taken from Rainsford; this is exactly the same description andappearances as ours, and there are hardly any two manufacturers that I have seen but what there is a difference.
COURT. Q. Warren had access to your father's tobacco, but he was not employed to purchase any? A. No; certainly not.


                  PATRICK 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Rogers. I have seen Rainsford frequently come to the shop in my master's absence; he generally came from three to four o'clock while my master was at dinner - I made a communication to my master - on the 29th of June, I was called with Brown to see three parcels of tobacco which were in a box under the counter; one of them was marked F Shag, I suppose in one of the lads writing - when Warren returned home that day my master went out - I then saw Rainsford outside the shop; I went back into the snuff-room which is parted off from the warehouse - Brown cried out, "Here he is" - I then saw Rainsford in the shop on the customers side of the counter - I could not see the inside of the counter from where I was, but it appeared as if Rainsford was talking to some one - I then saw him go out, and Mr. Rogers and Mr. Brealy brought him back.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you been at home all the morning? A. Yes, and so had Brown - the cut tobacco is kept in casks; I had not placed any tobacco in the box - F Shag, means fine shag; it is all cut tobacco.
COURT. Q. What description of tobacco was that in the parcel? A. One was fine shag, and the other was returns; it appeared to me the same as that which is manufactured on our premises.
Warren. Q. Have you seen any other manufacture like Mr. Rogers'? A. Yes; they are nearly the same in my opinion - I did not see you place any tobacco in the box, nor take any out; I could not see what was done inside the counter.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Rogers. On the 29th of June, I was called to see the tobacco under the counter - I had seen Rainsford come to the house between three and four o'clock, which was the dinner hour in general, and he came at that time on that day - I saw him go to the counter, and Warren was behind the counter at the time.
COURT. Q. Did you see Warren standing at that part of the counter under which the three parcels were? A. Yes, exactly at that part within reach of the box - there was no one else behind the counter.


                  JOHN 
                  HARVEY
               



             (police-constable E 48). I took the two prisoners, and have the tobacco - I asked Warren if he knew anything about the tobacco; he said no.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PLUME
               



             (police-serjeant C 12). I searched Warren's person, and found on him this letter.
GEORGE ROGERS. I believe this letter to be the handwriting of Rainsford from what I saw him write.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it by comparing this letter with the direction, that you say that? A. Yes, and from its being found on Warren's person; I never saw him write before nor since.
COURT. Q. Did you notice the character of his handwriting when you saw him with the pen in his hand? A. Yes; and from having observed the character of his hand-writing, I can form an opinion of the letter; and taking all things into consideration, and considering the agitation he must have been in, there is still a great similarity.
Q. But if you had seen the letter any where else, should you have thought so? A. It depends on the time that elapsed after I had seen the direction.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. But if you had recollected what you had seen of the direction, should you have thought so? A. Yes.(Letter read.)
"Dear Warren - Let me have ready at half-past three tomorrow, without fail, 1lbs. shag, and 2lbs. returns, positively, and if you can at the same time, 4lbs. shag, or 3lbs. shag, and 1lb. returns likewise. I owe you to day 1s. 6d., Thursday 5s., and Saturday last 5s., for cigars, which I will give you the next time I see you: let me likewise have on Monday next, without fail, 3lbs. shag, and 1lb. returns; in haste, E. R.
Friday evening, six o'clock."
To Mr. Warren, John-street, Tottenham-court-road.
WILLIAM PLUME. Q. I searched Warren's lodging at No. 94, John-street, Tottenham-court-road; I there found this other letter.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I believe this to be Rainsford's writing,(read)
"Dear Sir - As I shall leave home this evening to convey my mother from the country to-morrow, it will be useless your coming down here to-morrow morning as originally proposed, as I shall be from home; but if you can make it convenient to call here to-morrow evening, after half-past eleven, the old man will have left, and we can then come to a settlement; or if more convenient will meet you on Monday or Tuesday, after half-past eleven in the evening, at any place you may appoint, with kind respects to Rakeman. Your well-wisher, RAINSFORD. To Mr. Warren, 94, John-street, Tottenham-court-road.
GEORGE ROGERS re-examined. Q. Did you know Warren's residence? A. Yes; it was at No. 94, John-street, Tottenham-court-road.
Warren's Defence. The tobacco found in the box was my property; I had bought it of a smuggler; they say that it is impossible to smuggle tobacco of English manufacture; now the tobacco that is smuggled into London comes from Liverpool and Bristol, and is manufactured in England and taken out again to get the drawback allowed.
Rainsford's Defence. For the first time in my life I am araigned at this bar on a serious charge of felony, which, if substantiated, must deprive me of that which is most sacred to every Englishman, the privilege of liberty; I trust, therefore, you will bear with me while I submit my defence to your calm deliberation: having in my connexion in business become acquainted with Warren, who stated that he had some smuggled tobacco, I was in the habit of leaving orders for some at his lodging, and on the evening previous to this, I left an order for a quantity to be ready the following day; I called for it, and having paid him the money for it, I came out and was stopped by Mr. Rogers, who asked what I had got, I said, tobacco; he asked if I had any objection to his inspecting it, I said, no; he then took me back to the shop and swore to it as his father's tobacco; I ask you whether I could have been so blind to my own interest as to go in broad day light into the shop, exposed to the view of Mr. Rogers and every one in his employ; would it not naturally have been inferred that I should have chosen the evening, andtaken the most cautious steps? but I knew I had nothing to fear, and therefore I hesitated not to go to the premises: now Mr. Rogers states that he can swear to the goods by the writing on one of the parcels, which he has failed to prove to be the hand writing of himself or of any person in his employ: I feel confident that from the well known character of British juries, it would be quite unnecessary for me to claim a fair and impartial verdict; not one particle of evidence has been adduced to criminate me - in which opinion if you coincide, you will give me the benefit of it - if not, it will be my painful lot to bow to your verdict; but in that case, I implore your lordship to pass the mildest sentence which will answer the ends of public justice.
WARREN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
RAINSFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
