





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1218. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, at St. Clement Danes, 13 rings, value 15l., and 1 ring-case, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Binns
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BINNS
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and live in the Strand, in the precinct of the Savoy


, which is not in St. Clement Danes. On Monday, the 16th of May, at four o'clock, the prisoner came into my shop, and asked me if he could have a ring engraved, how soon it could be done, and what would he the price; I told him 2s. - he immediately left the shop, saying he would call again at halfpast seven to leave the ring to be engraved; a boy came into the shop almost at the same moment as he did, and asked some question of my boy, who was cleaning jewellery at the counter, and they both left the shop almost instantly; my boy came to me, and said something - I immediately missed thirteen rings, which had laid on the counter in a case, and were worth about 13l.; I had seen them within half an hour of the prisoner's coming in - I ran into the street to look for the prisoner; I went out a second and a third time, and then met him in Wych-street, Strand, with the identical case in his hand, but the rings were gone - I endeavoured to seize him, but he ran away- I got the case from him, caught hold of him, and gave him in charge; he was taken to the watch-house, and afterwards to Bow-street - I have not got one of the rings back; I found him within half an hour of his being in the shop - I never saw him before; I have not seen the boy since.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did not you state before this that two boys came in? A. My boy and man stated so, I believe; I did not see the other boy - I said two came, as they said they saw two; I never said I picked the case up - I took it out of the prisoner's hand; Wych-street is a very little way from my shop - there was a Jew arm-in-arm with him, and they both made their flight; I told the Magistrate I saw the Jew - I saw the two boys at a public-house in Holywell-street, where the prisoner ran to, and I seized him; I had no opportunity of seizing the boys, as the Police did not come in time for me to take them; I held the prisoner fast, and he went into the public-house with me - the boys ran away; before I could well see them they were out of sight - they were the same description of boys as were in the shop, and the prisoner took me to them for the purpose of getting the rings; he said, "I will get your rings," and took me in there; I mentioned this at Bow-street - I am positive he said he would take me to where I could get my rings back; I am positive of that - a bag was found on the prisoner, which the Police call a swag bag.
COURT. Q. Have you got the case here? A. Yes, my Lord; I am positive it is the case - it has never been out of my possession since I took it from him - I have had it about six months; I took him three or four hundred yards from my house - I never spoke to the boys either in my shop, or elsewhere.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am fourteen years old - I have lived with the prosecutor about eighteen months. On the 16th of May, about half-past four o'clock, I remember the prisoner coming to inquire about engraving a ring; I never saw him before - I was cleaning a ring at the counter; there were fifteen altogether on the counter in a case - the prisoner was about four yards from me- a boy came in about a minute before him, and another came in just at the same time as the prisoner, and that boy asked me the way to Oxford-street; I stood where I was, pointed over the way, and said it was somewhere over there - he went out; the boy who came in first wanted 1d. worth of watch-springs - I knelt down behind the counter to get them out of the drawer, and before I gave him the watch-springs the prisoner went out, after Mr. Binns had given him his answer; immediately after the other boy went, I turned round to clean the rest of the rings, and they were gone - I had seen them just before the boy came in for the watch-springs; I had emptied them all out of the case, and put them back as I cleaned them - I had put them all back but two; on missing them I told Mr. Binns directly - he put on his hat, and went out; I went out also, but could not see them -I saw the prisoner at Bow-street afterwards, and am quite confident of him; he was not above three or four minutes in the shop - I have not seen the boys since; I am quite confident neither of them could reach the case - this is the case.
Cross-examined. Q.Both the boys came to you for what they wanted, and the prisoner, if he is the person, went to your master? A. Yes - master was sitting at the board next to me, working behind the counter, close to the window - we have only one counter; I was about the middle of it - the prisoner did not speak to me.
Q.Nor come to your end of the counter? A. That I do not know, for I turned round to Mr. Binns to ask how many springs I should give the boy, and turned my back to the prisoner then; my master sat with his face to the window, and his back to the top of the counter - his side face was to the counter; he turned round to give him an answer - he sat at the workboard, and I at the counter lower down, near the back part of the shop; the prisoner stood about the middle of us - I turned my back to the end of the counter, and to the rings, when I asked how many springs I was to sell; the prisoner was not in conversation with master at that time - the prisoner and the boys were all about the same place; one of the boys had gone away - the other is about fifteen years old; there was a show-glass on the counter, and the counter is about a yard and a quarter wide, which he would have to reach over - I tried myself to see if the boy could reach the case, and it was impossible; the two rings which remained out of the case were left, only the thirteen were taken - I did not go into Wych-street after him; I have not said I was not quite sure of the prisoner.
COURT. Q. Was the prisoner near enough to reach the rings? A. Yes - he had been looking into the glasscase, and if he put his hand over he could take them; the case was exactly opposite to me, but the boy asking for the springs drew my attention from it.

WILLIAM FLEGG. I am a watch-maker, and work for Mr. Binns. I was at work in the shop, within two yards of Jones - a boy came in and asked for 1d. worth of watch-springs; there was nobody else there then, but almost at the moment he entered, the prisoner came in, and inquired of Mr. Binns the price of engraving a motto on a mourning-ring - he told him 2s.; Jones came to Mr. Binns, asked how many springs he should give for 1d., and the prisoner left the shop the moment after - I had seen the lad cleaning the case of rings a moment before; the prisoner was within a yard of it - the boy missed them directly: I saw Mr. Binns pick a diamond ring off the floor behind the counter - it was one which had been in the case; I do not know how it came on the floor - I did not see the prisoner again till he was at Bow-street; I am sure he is the man, for he went out of the shop, looked at the goods in the window, and then walked off- I had a full opportunity of identifying him.
Cross-examined. Q. Your attention was not directed to what was going forward? A. Not particularly - my back was to the case of rings, but I was within a yard of it; I turned round once or twice, and could see the prisoner.




               GUILTY of larceny only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
