





1215. 
               
                  
                     BARNARD 
                     CONROY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, 1 sovereign
            , the property of the 
               parishioners of St. James, Westminster

            .
2nd COUNT, stating it to be the property of the Rev.


                  James Gifford 
                  Ward
               



            .
3rd COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Stratton
                  



               
            .
4th COUNT, stating it to be the property of some person or persons unknown.


                  RICHARD 
                  STRATTON
               



            . I am a linen-draper
. On Sunday, the 15th of April, I was at the north-east door of St. Philip's-chapel, Westminster


, holding a plate for a collection; there was among the money that was given two sovereigns - I saw the prisoner coming into the chapel from the street; he put his hand into the plate, as if to put something in, but he drew his hand flat out of the plate again, and the moment he took it out I missed a sovereign; he walked off - I followed him with the plate in my hand, and called Stop him! he was taken, and I saw the sovereign again.
HENRY UNDERWOOD. I am a cutler, and live in the Haymarket. I was coming out of the chapel, and heard a cry of Stop him! I saw the prisoner threading throughthe crowd, and laid hold of him; I found he was doing something with his right arm - I took hold of that, and took him into the chapel; I found in his coat pocket this sovereign, with some Venice turpentine on it.
BENJAMIN WEBB. I was standing at one of the doors. I saw the sovereign taken from the prisoner's pocket, with some turpentine on it, and found a penny-piece stuck fast to his hand with turpentine; I could hardly get it off.
RICHARD MUGGERIDGE. I saw the prisoner going into the chapel; I soon afterwards heard an alarm - I was present when the money was found; I found a box of turpentine in his pocket - he said he was brought up to the medical profession, and had a brother a minister in Ireland.
The prisoner delivered in a written statement, representing that he was respectably connected, and entreating for a lenient sentence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
