





529. 




ROBERT PERRENS,



 WILLIAM GODDARD
, and 




JOSEPH BAGSHAW
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of January, 1 box, value 1s.; 1 bonnet, value 1l. 6s.; 1 scarf, value 4s.; 2 caps, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 9s.; 1 cape, value 7s.; 1 collar, value 1s. 6d.; 1 hag, Value 2s.; 5 yards of lace, value 4s.; 4 yards of ribbon, value 5s.; 4 shillings and 2 pence; the goods and monies of 




Mary Greenwood.






MARY ANN BROWN
. I am just thirteen years old, and live with my aunt, in Bartholomew-square. Between eight and nine o'clock on Monday evening, the 15th of January, I was in Old-street, St. Luke's, and saw the three prisoners together—they followed a truck from Whitecross-street to the iron bedsteads—it was loaded with two boxes at the bottom and a large band-box at the top—I kept my eye on the prisoners—I had an opportunity of seeing them—a man was drawing the truck—the parcels were tied—the prisoners were dodging about in the road—at last Perrens cut the hand-box from the truck—the other two were dodging round the iron bedsteads, to watch close to the truck—when he had cut the box off they all four ran away together—there were four men—Perrens and Goddard carried the box—they both had hold of it at the same time—I told the man who

was drawing the truck what had happened—they were not taken then, but a day or two afterwards—I am quite sure these are three of the four—I observed them under the gas-light talking together—I had an opportunity of seeing their faces—I am quite sure they are the same men. Goddard. I was not in this man's company at all that night.





WILLIAM LOWE
. I am a shop-keeper, and live at No. 1, Danielrow, Stepney-green. I had the truck to fetch a person from the situation she was at—the band-box was fastened by a cord—I tied it myself—I was drawing the truck when the box was taken—the girl called to me, and told me of it—the cord had been cut, but the prisoners were gone—they were taken the following morning, about two o'clock—it was going to Mr. Hammer's, in Whitechapel-road—the property is quite lost—it belonged to Mary Greenwood—it has been almost her ruin.





JOHN DAVIS
 (police-constable G 157.) I received information of this, and apprehended Perrens and Bagshaw—Goddard was brought up on another charge—I did not find the two I took in company—I took Bagshaw first, in going up Golden-lane, and, as I was going to the station-house, Perrens came out of a public-house, and I took him—the little girl had described them at the station-house.





MARY GREENWOOD
. I am a servant. I had employed Lowe to draw this truck—I was going from my last place to another, in Whitechapel-road—I was walking on the pavement just before the robbery was committed—I had something to say to Lowe, and left the pavement to go and speak to him, and that was while the robbery was committed—it contained all the articles stated—it is all lost, and was all the best of my clothes.

Perrens' Defence, I am totally innocent of the charge, and know nothing about it.

Goddard's Defence. While this was done, I was in a public-house, in Milton-street, from six o'clock in the evening till a quarter to ten o'clock at night, at Mr. M'Donald's.

PERRENS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years. GODDARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—(See page 442.) BAGSHAW—



GUILTY. Aged 27.—




Judgment respited.
