






1978. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     McMAHON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 1 violin, value 5l.; 1 violin-case, value 5s.; 1 cloth caps. value 10s.; 2 spoons, value 10s.; 2 pairs of shoes, value 4s.; 1 box, value 1s. 6d.; 2 caps, value 1s. 6d.; 2 collars, value 1s.; 1 pair of braces, value 3d.; 2 pieces of ribbon, value 2d.; 2 shirts, value 6s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 8d.; 1 pair of trousers, value 3s., and 1 waistcoat, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Maria 
                     Robson
                  




               
            .


                  MARIA 
                  ROBSON
               



            . I am single
, and live in Maddox-street


. I have known Clark three or four months, and have employed him as a porter
; I know nothing of the woman. On Wednesday, the 29th of September, I sent Clark with a portmanteau, containing all these articles, to a Mr. Penn, at Kew, and on the Sunday evening following I heard it had not been delivered; I made inquiries, and have found some of the articles - it was Clark's duty to have delivered it, as I gave it to him; I expected he would have called the following morning to say he had delivered it.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FINCH
               



            . I bought this pair of shoes of McMahon on the evening of the 29th of September; she said they belonged to her lodger.


                  JOHN 
                  KILLINWORTH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 2nd of October I took in this pair of trousers, these two shirts, and this waistcoat from McMahon, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  McMahon
               



            , for 1s. 9d.


                  JOHN 
                  TARRANT
               



            . I live with Mr. Thompson, a pawnbroker, in Grosvenor-row. I have two spoons, pawned on the 30th of September, by the female prisoner, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  McMahon
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I am a broker. I have a small box, which I bought of the female prisoner for 6d., at my house in the Five-fields - I had not known her before; I asked her name, and she said McMahon.


                  GEORGE 
                  HULL
               



            . I live with Mr. Thompson, a pawnbroker. I have a violin, which I took in of the female prisoner on the 30th of September, in the name of McMahon - I know nothing of the man.


                  ISAAC 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 4th of October I received information of the loss of this property; I went in pursuit of the male prisoner, and he came to me in the street - I took him, and found on him seven duplicates; I went and searched his lodgings, where I found this pair of gloves, and these other little things were found by another officer: I received information that the woman had taken things from the lodging - I went and found her, but found nothing on her relating to this property; part of the property is still missing.(Property produced and sworn to.)

McMahon's Defence. Clark gave me these things. told me to pawn them, and he would get them out; if I had had any intention of robbing the lady I should have gone farther off - I do not live with Clark; I have a husband in Chelsea College.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
McMAHON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
