



560. 




WILLIAM M'CARTHY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of January, 1 snuff-box, value 1d.; 1 crown-piece; and 1 sixpence; the goods and monies of 



Jeremiah Lyons, from the person of 



Catherine Lyons.






CATHERINE LYONS
. I am the wife of Jeremiah Lyons, and live in Cow-lane, Shadwell. On the 26th of January, I went to drink at the Duke of York, in High-street, Shadwell, at eleven o'clock at night—I had met with Ann Robinson, a dress-maker, and went in there, and called for a quartern of gin and a pint of beer—I took out my money, paid for it, and then had a five-shilling piece and a sixpence left—as I was rather in liquor, Robinson

took them out of my hand, put them into my tin muff-box, and put them in my bosom, and I gave her a glass of gin—I did not want any myself—I had had some—the prisoner was there, and asked me to give him a glass of gin, which I did—I then went out—he came after me—put his hand round my neck, and took my box and money out of my bosom with his other hand—I said, "Give me my box"—he said, "When I have taken a pinch of snuff"—the officer took him, and has the money.

Prisoner. We had been to three public-houses before. Witness. I never spoke to him in my life until I was in the Duke of York—I had seen him in the street, like another man—I had not drank with him at the White Hart, and at the Ship and Dolphin—I was not sober—I had had some acquaintances at home that day—I did not give him the money in the box—he took it by force—I tried to prevent him.





ANN ROBINSON
. I was at the bar with the prosecutrix, when the prisoner came in. They did not appear as if they had been in company before—I put the 5s. 6d. into the snuff-box, and put it into her bosom, and under her arm—I afterwards saw the prisoner with the box in his hand—I asked him to give it her back—he said he had not got it, and I called the officer.





DENNIS POWER
 (police-sergeant K 12.) I heard the prosecutrix crying, "I am robbed." I went up—Robinson pointed out the prisoner, and said he had robbed her of 5s. 6d.—I took him and said, "Give up the money"—he made no reply, but I saw him put his hand into his trowsers pocket, and take out this crown piece; and something dropped which the complainant took up—I took his hand and said, "Give up this crown-piece"—he said, "I worked hard for this money"—I took him to the station-house with his hand closed, and the crown-piece was got from him—I found the box at the Duke of York.

Prisoner. I told him that Lyons gave me the snuff-box. Witness. No, he did not.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
