





105. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     GREENWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 1 umbrella, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Boyce
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  BOYCE
               



            . I am a surveyor
, and live in Edgware-road. On the 27th or 28th of October I met the prisoner in Crown-street, St. Giles', after twelve o'clock at night; I was perfectly sober - I was returning from the theatre; she asked me to go with her - I went with her to a court which I do not know the name of; we went to a room on the first floor - I did not like the appearance of the place, as there was only a fire, an old chair, and a table; I wished to go, but she would not let me - I had not made any bargain with her, but I told her I would give her all the money I had to let me go, as she said I should not go without I left something; I gave her a shilling and some halfpence; she then snatched my handkerchief out of my hat - I took up my umbrella, and was coming away, when she snatched my umbrella, and said I should leave that; I did not intend to part with them - I then got out, and gave an alarm to the Policeman; he went, found the handkerchief in her possession, and the umbrella in the room.
Prisoner. You had been drinking with me. Witness. I had had one glass of half and half before I went home with her; I did not say that I left the umbrella in the room, and found it where I left it.


                  JOHN 
                  STARR
               



            . I went to the house, and found the handkerchief in her hand and the umbrella in the room; she said he left them as security for the night's lodging.
Prisoner. I had the umbrella and the handkerchief as security, and I lighted him down stairs; he said he would call for them in the morning, and bring me some money.
MR. BOYCE. She did light me down, but I did not intend to leave the things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
