





2270. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 chain, value 2d.; 1 seal, value 2d., and 2 keys, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas John 
                           Warner
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHN WARNER
               



            . I live in Bucklersbury. On Sunday evening, the 14th of October, about a quarter to ten o'clock, I was alone, coming from Sherbourne-lane, through Ball-alley


; and at the bar, all in a moment; my watch was snatched from my fob, and the man ran away - I only saw one person, and cannot say it was the prisoner; I was sober - I knew what I was about - I have a very strong voice, and hallooed out Stop thief! I cannot run, having the rheumatism, but in about three minutes I saw the prisoner in custody, and Skinner produced my watch, with the glass broken.
Cross-exmained by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it a dark night? A. Yes; there is a bit of a gas-lamp there - I was not altogether sober; I had drank a little elder wine and a little gin - I might take four or five small glasses of gin, and about a pot of beer.


                  HENRY 
                  SKINNER
               



            . I am waiter at a tavern in Swithin's-lane, which this alley comes into. I was standing at master's door, which is by the side of the alley, and saw the prisoner standing before Warner; what he took from him I cannot tell, but I saw him run away, and Warner hallooed out Stop thief! he turned down George-street, which is opposite - a watchman there made him turn back; I caught him in my hands, and while I held him I saw him throw the watch down - we had a scuffle; I fell, and he got away - I took the watch up, and the watchman, who was about one hundred yards off, secured him; I am certain he is the person.
Cross-examined. Q. It was a dark night? A. Yes, but there was a gas-lamp right opposite where it was done- I did not lose sight of him at all till he was re-taken, except for a moment while I was down; the prosecutor's face and the prisoner's back were towards me at the time of the robbery; I was near a light when I fell - we scuffled for four or five minutes, but the watchman is a very old man, and could hardly walk; the prisoner saw him, and then turned back - it was not him who took him; he was about thirty yards from the end of the court at the time; the prisoner had a green sparrow-tailed coat, which was buttoned; I could see the colour of his coat when I was in front of him.
COURT. Q. Was any other person near the prosecutor? A. No, I saw nobody but those two.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOWLES
               



            . I am a patrol. I was in Oxfordcourt, leading to Cannon-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran, and saw the prisoner run by, and several pursuing him, calling Stop thief! I followed him one hundred or one hundred and fifty yards, and stopped him; Skinner did not see him that night, that I am aware of - he spoke positively to him at the Mansion-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Were other persons running? A. Three or four - it was a dark night; he was ahead of all the rest that I could see - he might be following some body, but it is not very likely.


                  ROBERT 
                  BUTT
               



            . I am ward-beadle. The prisoner was given into my charge; the watch was produced, and the case was brought up afterwards.
Prisoner to 
               
                  HENRY 
                  SKINNER
               



            . Q. Did the man throw the watch down while you laid on the ground with him? A. No, it was while I was wrestling with you - I did not go to the watch-house, because I could hardly stand.
Prisoner's Defence. He is swearing false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
