





288. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HAMILTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 bag, value 1d., and 20 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Carter
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a mariner
. On the 13th of December I was in a street, which I do not know the name of; we had come up with a cargo of coals to St. Katharine's dock


, and I was going on board my ship - I was with a friend of mine; and we got a glass or two of grog, and were rather merry - I got dogged by a person who robbed me of all I had; it was a woman about the prisoner's pitch - I do not know that she spoke to me at all; but it was a woman about her size, and I could not get on board my ship for her; I had my watch in my fob, and a bag with twenty sovereigns in my right hand pocket, because I have but one hand - I have seen the purse since, and know it - I was half and half.



                  JOHN 
                  EASTERROOK
               



             (Police-constable K 25). On the Friday night after this robbery, I saw the prosecutor, and heard of his loss, and on the Sunday morning, about four o'clock, I saw the prisoner driving in a cab along the highway; she inquired for the White Swan, which was not open, but the Ship and Shears was, and she went there - I watched her, and saw her treating some persons out of the cab; she then went into the Ship and Shears, and was offering every body gin, or what they liked to take - I went up to her, and asked if she had any money; she answered rather vague - I saw her put her hand into her pocket, and put it down by her side; I took hold of her hand, and found in it thirteen sovereigns, 7s., and some halfpence, and in her pocket I found three half-crowns; I asked where she got it, but she was too drunk to tell - I took her to the watch-house; I asked her next morning where she had got it: she said a captain had given her 5l., and the rest she had saved up - I said hers must be a very good trade; she then said that two homeward bound seaman, had given her some - I found on her this bag, which the prosecutor identified.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARTER
               



            . This is my bag; I cannot say the prisoner is the person - I am sure I never gave my watch or money away.
COURT. Q. Did you go into any house with the person? A. If I did it was but for a moment; I had nothing to drink with her - I did not drop my bag, nor my watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
