



2049. 




SANDY SUTHERLAND
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of August, 1 pocket-book, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 4d.; 1 sovereign, 2 half-sovereigns, 9 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the goods and monies of 



David Crawley.






ELEANOR CRAWLEY
. I am the wife of David Crawley, of Bainbridge-street, Saint Gilles's. On the 20th of August I put a sovereign, a half sovereign, nine shillings and sixpence in silver, a pocket-book, and a bunch of keys into a pocket, which I put under my pillow, or on a box along side my bed—I had two rings—I could swear to my wedding-ring—I took the prisoner on suspicion, between eight and nine o'clock the next morning, and he owned to it—I think it was on the 20th of last month—my husband took the prisoner—he did not live in the same house—he got in in the morning when my husband went out to work—It was about four days after when my husband found him—I saw him a quarter of a mile from where I live—I said, "What have you done with my money?"—he said, "I have not taken it"—I said "I know you have bought a new suit of clothes—where did you get the money?"—he said, he was very sorry; he id not know it was my money, or he would not have taken it, and that he gave some to another boy—I asked where he had put my pocket—he said, "Come along, and I will show you"—he took me to a water-closet, about twenty doors from where I lodged, in the same street—he put his hand down before my husband and said, "I have placed the pocket there"—I got a stick, and my husband found the pocket, and put his hand into it, and found one ring—I asked him what had become of the other ring—he said, "Come along, and I will show you I planted it on the stairs"—he took us up to the landing, but we could not found it.

Prisoner. I did not take it at all, if I had I should not have shown where the rings were—she would not look for the other boy that took the money.

COURT. Q. Have you any reason to believe that another boy took the money? A. No; I have not—he said he gave part of the money to

the other boy—I do not knew his name—no other boy was taken but the boy he gave the handkerchief to pawn—they call him Dolly Dousie—I do not knew what means he had of getting into my room.

Prisoner. There are the two Cannifers and another boy live in her house. Witness. I have only not room—there are boys lodging in the house, but the prisoner does not—my door is looked of a night, but any body can get in after my husband is gone to work in the morning—I was in bed—I missed the things about seven or eight o'clock—I had been up half an hour—I had not been out—I turned round to pay the milk-woman, and could not find my pocket—I owed her three-pence—no one knew that I was in the habit of keeping my money in that manner.





DAVID CRAWLEY
. I am the prosecutrix's husband. I took the prisoner in Carnaby market—I said I had been hunting for him three or four days—he said, "Not me"—I said, "Yes, I want you"—he stooped down, and said, "I don't know you"—"I know you, then"—said I, "What did you do with my money?"—he said, "Mr. Crawley, if I had known it was your money I should not have taken it"—"What have you done with it?" says I—"I bought a suid, of clothes in Monmouth-street, "said he, "and gave the money to another boy"—I asked his name, he said, "One Leary"—he said he put the pocket in Mr. Langley's privy—he took me to show it me—he said, "We had given the handkerchief to a boy, and was looking in the water-closet for the pocket, and could not find it there"—Mrs. Langley came in—I took up some boards, and found the pocket, and the gold ring in it—he then went with me to the stairs—I was looking for the other ring—he came and said, "It is not there now"—I went with him to the pawnbroker's—he said the handkerchief had been pawned, and he had sold the duplicate for three-halfpence—the handkerchief was gone—he said he gave the handkerchief and two-pence to another boy to pawn it.

Prisoner. I told him I had nothing at all to do with them—I showed him where the things were.

COURT. Q. Are you quite he said he had bought a suit of clothes? A. Yes.





WILLIAM PLUMB
 (police-sergeant T 6.) On the 26th of September, the prisoner was given to me at Mr. Jones, the pawnbroker's in Holborn—Mr. Jones said the prosecutor had come about a handkerchief which had been pledged by the prisoner and another, but had been redeemed—the prisoner was crying, and said that it was not him that went into the room, but another boy, of the name of Leary—that he had half of the money, and bought a suit of clothes in Monmouth-street—he said Leary was in the habit of sleeping on the stairs, and that he, (the prisoner,) was in the passage at the time—that he did not see at what time it was taken—I apprehended Leary, and then the prisoner said it was another boy—Leary said he had pledged a handkerchief for the prisoner, who gave him two-pence to do it—(it was not said at what hour Leary went into the room,) and that he was in the passages, and they divided the money.

Prisoner. I only got 13s. out the money, and he had the rest.




GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years.
