



735. 




JOHN LONGFORD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of February, at 
Tottenham, Middlesex, 9 spoons, value 3l. 10s.; 1 sugar-basin, value 2l.; 1 cream-ewer, value 30s.; 1 salt-cellar, value 21s.; 1 sugar-ladle, value 20s.; 1 watch, value 25s.; and 1 watch-key, value 6d.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Howard, in her dwelling-house.






JOHN DAVIS
. I am gardener to Miss Elizabeth Howard, who lives at Tottenham. Her house was robbed on the 10th of February last—I went in pursuit of the thief—it was between five and six o'clock in the afternoon—I took the prisoner, with the property on him, against the Bull public-house, in Tottenham, three-quarters of a mile from Miss Howard's—he was going towards London there was another one with him—as I approached them, they separated the one from the other—the one that was along with him went on the opposite side of the way, and joined two more men that had flowers on their head—I secured the prisoner, and gave him in charge to George Tappin, the constable—I saw him searched and the property that was lost was found on him.





GEORGE TAPPIN
. I am a grocer by trade, but I am constable of Tottanham. The prisoner was given into my charge—I searched him, and found upon him a sugar-basin, cream-jug, a salt-cellar, a sugar-scoop, four teaspoons, two desert-spoons, two table-spoons, one salt-spoon, a metal watch, a smoke-frock, and a basket which the things were in, and three bottles, one with ketchup, and two empty; and on his person a pair of gloves, a watch, a key, and snuff-box.





MARY STATLLTON
. I am in the service of Miss Howard. I saw a

man come into fore court, and make his way to the side gate, between five and six o'clock—I did not see him any more till he turned out of the fore court down the grove—that was about twenty minutes after I saw him came in—I thought, from the time he went out, that he had been into the house—I made my way down stairs to the pantry, and missed the plate which had been in the pantry; whoever took it, must have been in the pantry to get it—I gave the alarm to my fellow-servant—I am the house. maid—I have examined all this plate, and know it is my mistress's—it has initals on it—the prisoner is not the man.





JOHN GRIFFITHS
. I am a constable of Tottheam. The prisoner had been apprehended when I went to the premises—I searched the prisoner, and found a key on him, which I have fitted to Miss Howard's gate, and it opened it.





ANN PACK
. I am cook to Miss Howard. I remember the day the house was robbed—I saw the prisoner pass by the palisade gates in the road, about a quarter before five o'clock—he was alone—about two minutes after I saw the man that came into the house—he came in at the front gate—I saw him go out again—he was dressed in a dirty frock, very much like this frock—this is all the plate that was stolen.

COURT
to
JAMES GRIFFTHS. Q. Can you tell the value of that plate? A. I think it is upwards of 10l.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to Enfield on the same day—on coming home I met this man—who he was I don't know—he asked me to carry the basket, and I carried it.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—



Confined Three Months, and then 


Transported for Life.
