



2193. 




ROBERT BRUCE, alias
 Robert De Bruce

 was indicted

 for bigamy.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL O'DONOVAN
. I live in Devonshire. In 1826 I was in London—the prisoner came to my house, and about three weeks after, he left this country—I followed him to Sweden—he had married my daughter in 1826, and then went to the Brazils—I followed him to Sweden, and bought a farm there for their use, and left them there for nearly two years and a half—I went over to Sweden again in August and assisted them with 200l. more—I went over again a third time, as I heard he was desirous of selling the property—I found he had attempted to make a sale of two small portions of it—they had at that time two children—he was not in circumstances

to support my daughter, and she returned to London with him afterwards, and remained in London for some time—I saw her in 1829 in England—the prisoner came with her to London, and lived with her until the beginning of 1831, when she returned to live with me—I do not know what become of him then—my daughter has been under my protection ever since—she has three children—I saw her last on the 24th of September, alive.

Prisoner. You represent that I destroyed the estate—you bought it from Ross, and said it would be better to buy it in your name—I never tried to sell any thing—the estate was bought in your name, and nobody could sell any thing from it—you say you came over, and gave me 200l.—did you give me 200l. Witness. When I went over I drew for 200l., which was spent on the estate—he attempted to sell two portions of the estate, and I was obliged to sanction the sale.
C. L. WILLS. I was present at the prisoner's marriage with Miss O'Donovan, at Saint Saviour's church, in the borough of Dartmouth, Devonshire, on the 19th of October, 1826—I have a copy of the register—I have compared before—I have seen her within ten days—(certificate read.)





DANIEL O'DONOVAN, JUN
. I was present at the marriage of my sister to the prisoner, at Saint Saviour's church—I have not seen her since March, as I live in London.





HENRIETTA BABBER
. I first became acquainted with the prisoner, on the 30th of July—I was living at Hornsey at that time—he was teaching French in the family, where I was visiting—our acquaintance went on, and a marriage was contemplated between us—inquiries were made on the 13th of September, about a former marriage—before those inquiries my friends were favourable to the marriage, they afterwards changed their opinion, and forbid my continuing the intercourse—the prisoner said something about divorce that he had obtained—my father and brothers spoke to him about it—I was not present when it was first mentioned—I heard my father say he should decidedly object to a divorced husband, whether the divorce was legal or not, and I should not see him—I was induced to disregard that, and married him on the 17th September, at St. Clement Danes—it was with out the knowledge of my parents—I am twenty—three years old.





WILLIAM BOYLE
. I am parish clerk of St. Clement Danes. I produce an examined copy of the register of marriage in that church—I have compared it with the original—I was present at a marriage between the prisoner and the last witness, and remember the parties perfectly—I am subscribing witness to the register—(read.)





JOHN BARBER
. I am a die-engraver and medalist. I live at Sherborne cottage, Sherborne-street, Islington—Henrietta Barber is my youngest daughter—she became acquanited with the prisoner—after my daughter said he paid his addresses to her, I went and called on him—he represented himself as a widower, and that he had some property in Sweden, but said if my daughter remained in England with her friends he should wish to remain in England, and would then apply himself to get his living by industry—he said he had estates which Lord Dundas had offered him 2000l. a year for, but he had refused it, and he was trying the question in the house of Lords—I said I must have respectable references—he referred me to Lords Eldon and Dundas, the Dukes of Wellington and Buccleugh; but instead of going to them, I made application to the Swedish ambassador; and in consquence of what I heard there, I went to the prisoner, and told him I

had applied for legal determination about his divorce, but that I had higher authority than Lord Brougham, which was the 19th of Matthew, which said that a man shall not put away his wife but for adultery, and said, "Has your wife committed herself?"—he said, "No, she was as virtuous a woman as ever lived"—I told him the divorce was illegal, and that that was the result of the advice I had taken—I told him this on Monday, the 13th of September—he understood what I said to him—I said the divorce was not available in England—he said it was available all over the world, and said, "Well, I am a single man in the eye of the law, and can marry who I please"—I forbad my daughter having any thing to do with him, but they were married without my consent—I then wrote to Mr. O'Donovon, and about a week after I went to get my daughter away—Mr. O'Donovan went to her and saw her—the prisoner came to our house, and threatened, not only to shoot me, but to shoot through the window, and behaved very violently—I got a policeman to secure the house, and got a warrant for him.

Prisoner's Defence. My present means hinder me from the assistance of a lawyer, but from a pure conscience, and an English Jury I do not fear any thing—still I must notice the means adopted by my enemies to injure my reputation and character, by circulating false statements, representing me as a pretented nobleman and a villain, daily looking out for English ladies, to entrap them into marriage in this country, and divorce them in another country—I hope you will banish that from your minds—such malice will prove its own poison—I am the eldest son of Admiral Bruce, of Sweden, and, as such, a peer of that country—I was married to Miss O'Donovan in 1826—with this marriage I had three children; two born in Sweden, and the youngest in England—on the 19th of April, 1831, my first wife left me, with the children, to pay a visit to her parents, and by her father's persuasion she never returned, having sworn never to see me more—the Baron----wrote to Mr. O'Donovan to know why he kept my wife from me. but I never could get an answer—in January 1833, I was over in my country—I had written to my wife many times to come over, but without an answer; and in the criminal court of Stockholm I sued her—a warrant was served on her on the 11th of March, by two witnesses—the service was duly acknowledged by her own signature, and afterwards attested—at the same time there was an exchange of mutual relinquishments of the conjugal rite, duly signed by the two witnesses—she did not appear at the court as required by the warrant, and the marriage was disannulled, with the privilege to appear in three weeks at the Court of High Justice, which I wrote to her to do, but she did not, and it was duly dissolved, but by the law she could come before the divorce was dissolved in the Ecclesiastical Court, but I got no answer—on the 22nd of April, 1834, the marriage was again lawfully dissolved by the Bishop, and in September, 1835, I was married to Miss Barber—I presume she is in this country, as she is in my country, my only wife—I have here a translation of the original decree of the Ecclesiastical Court.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Common Sergant.

