




2114. 




THOMAS SEAGER
 was indicted

for embezzlement.






MARY VESTEY
. I am a town-carrier. The prisoner was in my service five or six months—on the 8th of August, he was directed to cart a load of wood from St. Helen's to Newington—he did the load, and came home at night, brought the cart home, and went away with the money—I never saw him from then till the 27th of August—if Meschac Izard paid him any money on the 8th of August, it was his duty to pay me—he has not paid me.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What was he? A. He drove a cart for me—he was authorized to receive money—I remember his coming home late at night—I did not see him—I heard him—this is my business, not Mr. Cobley's—my husband has been dead twenty-one years, and I have carried on the business in my own name—the name of Mr. Cobley was on the cart, but we have dissolved partnership—here is the Gazette—I cannot say whether there is any quarrel between this man and Mr. Cobley—I see Cobley every day—I will swear that Cobley does not now get any share in the profits of the business—I do not know whether Mr. Cobley put a patent lock on the till to prevent my getting at it—when he put the lock on, he took the key and left it with Mr. Brown—I never had any occasion to send to Mr. Brown—I know Mr. Church—we are not good friends—the lock is not on the till now—Cobley does not exercise any control there—I never took the impression of a key on some soap—Mr. Cobley is a carman—after we parted he said he would look after my business.





JAMES TURVEY
. I am foreman to Mr. Vestey, she carries on she business—I went with the prisoner with her cart to Great St. Helen's, and made the agreement—he had a load of old building materials to take from there to Stoke Newington—I agreed for 12s. for it with Meschac Izard—I have not received a farthing for it—I did not see him come the next day I should if he had come—he was to come at five o'clock to take out his team.

Cross-examined. Q. You gave this man his orders? A. Yes, and swear I never received the money—I have been rather behind hand in my accounts, and when I have found out the mistake, I have made it good when my wages because due—the prisoner was not taken till a fortnight after.





MESCHAC IZARD
. I live in High-street, Stoke Newington. I had a lot of old timber from Great St. Helen's—the prisoner was the carman—I paid him 12s. as we agreed, for the load—I paid him for his mistress—I believe it was as late as ten o'clock in the evening before we had unloaded—I went to get him some bread and cheese, and he was gone—I gave him three pots of beer.

Prisoner. I was intoxicated, and when I came home I did not see my mistress—I put the horses up.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
