





63. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BAGGET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, 1 shirt, value 2s.; 2 crape bands, value 1s., and 1 half-handkerchief, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Hill
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live at Pinner


. On the evening of the 5th of November, I was at the Red Lion there; I had a basket with me, containing a shirt, a neck-handkerchief, and two crape hat-bands - I placed them under the seat on which I sat; I had occasion to go out, and when I returned I missed the articles from my basket.


                  CHARLES 
                  TURNER
               



            . I live at Pinner. I was at the Red Lion on the 5th of November; I saw the prisoner leave the tap-room with a bundle, which he gave to a young man named Hockley, who opened it - I asked Hockley for a bit of paper, which he gave me; I put it into my right hand pocket, and the next morning I found it contained two hat-bands - I came down the town, and told the prosecutor I had the two hat-bands, and that Hockley had had the parcel.
Prisoner. I was going into the house and a young man named Dudds gave me the parcel, and told me to take it to Hockley, which I did. Witness. He said to Hockley, "I have got some things which I got in doors, here, take them" - they do not live far off each other; I was standing there and saw Hockley pull out a lot of paper from the bundle; I asked him for it and he gave it me - I did not know there was any thing in it.
Prisoner. William Hill came into the house, and said he had lost his things; I said I had seen a lark played with a bundle, and very likely it might be his - I then went out: Turner and Hockley were gone; the prosecutor has worked for me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I have worked under him; I do not know that he saw me with my things - I was in the house at supper, and when I came in, after going out, my bundle was gone; I asked all in the room if they had seen it; the prisoner swore, and said he had not seen it - I described the bundle, and offered to give them any thing they liked to drink if they would give it me, as I wanted the things.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I know the prisoner. On the 6th of November he was offering a half-handkerchief for sale in the street at Pinner, and I bought it of him for 6d. - I took it to the prosecutor, and gave it to him.
Prisoner. He is my brother-in-law; he bought the handkerchief of Hockley, when he went home I took him the handkerchief from Hockley, and he gave me the 6d. which I took to Hockley. Witness. The prisoner and Hockley were together.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
