





692. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  PARKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, 3 yards of cloth, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Ubsdell
               




            .
MARY VEHALL. I am a widow. On the 18th of February I was standing at the corner of Bedford-street, opposite the prosecutor's shop - I saw the prisoner take a piece of cloth from the window, which he put under his coat, and went away - I gave an alarm.


                  CHARLES 
                  UBSDELL
               



            . I am the son of Charles Ubsdell, a woollen-draper
, who lives at the corner of Dock-street, opposite Bedford-street


 - I had put this piece of cloth out at half-past nine o'clock in the morning - there were three yards - the witness gave me information - I ran out and saw the prisoner with it under his coat - he nearly let it fall - he doubled it up afresh, and put it under his arm - I followed him to Charles-street - he then turned up Back-lane, and I lost him - I am sure he is the man.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHRISTOPHER
               



            . I was at the toll-gate on the 18th of February - I saw the prisoner running with the cloth under his arm - I chased him into Charles-street, where I lost sight of him - I am sure he is the man - he had a fustian coat on.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.


                  ELIZA 
                  SMITH
               



            . I have known the prisoner from a child - he has had an honest character - I heard Vehall say she could not swear to him, as she only saw him sideways' and she saw a youth at the fair who was the very spit of him, and she thought she must have swooned in her chair.
MARY VEHALL. I saw a person who resembled the prisoner so much, that I had a doubt about him, but that was since he has been in custody.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
