




138. 





JAMES BOND
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 2nd of November, 160lbs. weight of potatoes, value 4s. 6d.; and 1 sack, value 2s.; the goods of 




George Brown, his master; and 





WILLIAM ROBINS



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






GEORGE BROWN
. I am a green-grocer, and live in Great Chapel-street, Westminster. The prisoner Bond was in my employ for ten months as a carman, going from Westminster to Hounslow and Isleworth—he went down almost every day, to take manure, and bring back potatoes—in consequence of information I received at Covent-garden-market, on Saturday, he 4th of November, I went to Knightsbridge, and stopped at Mr. Bartlam's shop—I saw a board there with potatoes on it for sale—in consequence of what passed I had Bond taken up, and told him I was going to give him in charge—he said, "What for, master? "—-I said, "On suspicion of robbing me, selling my potatoes on the road"—he said he had not sold any—he told me he had left a bushel and a half, on the 2nd, at the Rising Sun, at Knightsbridge—I went there with Woodbery, and found a potato sack of mine with my name in full, but the potatoes were sold—we found Robins there, and took him—we made him no threat or promise—he at first denied buying any potatoes, and after that he said he had bought a sack for 3s., and sold it to Bartlam next morning—I went into the kitchen of the Rising Sun with Robins and the officer, and found a sack in a basket, on a shelf, which I knew to be mine—Robins said that was the sack he bought the potatoes in on the 2nd—we brought it away, and took the potatoes off Bartlam's show-board.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you said any thing to Bond before he told you about the Rising Sun? A. I told him I had an officer, and was going to give him in charge—Robins took down the basket from the shelf himself—Robins said he had sold them to a man next door for 4s.—that was true—my name was on the wagon which carries my dung down, but the name of Holland was on the cart, as my own was under repair—I am quite sure the potatoes are mine—I do not believe you could find a sample like them in London—they are a peculiar sort—I have been in the trade fourteen years—Robins told me he had sent that sack down by

the man; but when I told him the man had not called since Thursday, he said he would go and look for it.





WILLIAM BARTLAM
. I am a green-grocer. The Rising Sun is within two doors of my house—Robins lodged there—I have known him two or three years—he came to my shop, and offered me some potatoes for sale—I said I did not want any at present, and asked him the price—he said 4s. 6d. sack—I bought one sack for 4s., and I paid him for them the next day—he then said he should have another sack left that night—he did not say where from—I did not buy them—he took back the sack which my potatoes were in—I did not notice any name on it—I had seen a sack of potatoes come off Mr. Holland's cart on the Thursday night between seven and eight o'clock, and next morning I bought this sack—I cannot say it was the same—Bond took the sack on his back off the cart, and Robins followed him with it into the Rising Sun—I afterwards delivered to Woodbery some of the potatoes I bought of Robins.

Cross-examined, Q. Are you quite sure it was not soon after six o'clock? A. It might be—I did not particularly notice the time.





JOHN LANGWORTHY
. I am a green-grocer, and live at the Rising Sun. I know the prosecutor, and know his van and cart perfectly well—I saw them stop at the Rising Sun on this Thursday evening about seven o'clock—I knew Bond to be Brown's servant—I did not see Bond take any thing into the Rising Sun—I did not see the sacks go in that night at all—I only saw the cart stop there that night—I met Mr. Brown in the market on the Saturday, and told him what I had seen.





WILLIAM WOODBERY
. I am an officer. I received Bond in charge—I told him it was on suspicion of stealing his master's potatoes—he denied it—I told him I had information against him, and he said, well, he had sold a bushel and a half for 1s. on the Thursday night—in consequence of what he said I went to the Rising Sun, and took Robins—I told him I was come to apprehend him for buying potatoes of Mr. Brown's man—he denied it, but afterwards said he had bought a sack of him on the Thurs day night, that they were pig potatoes, and he gave 3s. for them, and had sold them for 4s.—I asked what he had done with the sack—he told me he had given it back to the carter—I told him that could not be, for I understood he had not been that way since he bought the potatoes—he then said he would go and try if he could not find it—I went with him into the kitchen, and it was found in a basket on the shelf with other sacks, not belonging to Mr. Brown—that sack has Mr. Brown's name on it, and he said that was the sack he bought them in—I then went to Bartlam's, who gave me some potatoes.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he take down the basket himself with the sacks in it? A. Yes.

MR. BROWN
re-examined. I have examined the sack—my name is on it—the potatoes are mine—they are Devonshire potatoes—if you cut them you will find a little rim inside.
(Bond received a good character.)

BOND—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.

ROBINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 62.




Transported for Seven Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

