





1007. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HARROW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Davie
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
PETER DAVIE. I am a shoemaker
. On the 21st of February, about one o'clock, I was coming out of Christchurch, Newgate-street


, the officer called my attention to the prisoner, and I saw my handkerchief found on him - I had not felt it taken.


                  JOHN 
                  LACY HAWKINS
               



            . I am a marshalsman. The Lord Mayor and Sheriffs were attending a charity sermon at Christchurch; the congregation were coming out - I heard some complaint in the church; the prisoner was in the porch, coming out - I looked over, and saw him stooping his head down, and walking softly; he had a leather cap on - I could not see his hands; his cap was moving - I could not account for it; I took hold of both his arms, and said, "How did you come to church?" he said, "Because I heard the Lord Mayor was coming;" I said, "Where do you live?" he said over the water - I took him to the lodge of Christ's-hospital, searched him, and found two handkerchiefs on him; while I was questioning him the prosecutor came up, and claimed one.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence (written.) I went to Christ's-hospital to hear Divine service; when the service was over, they came out in a great confusion - coming along the church-way out I saw a handkerchief lay under my feet; I of couse picked it up, and put it into my pocket, with a full view, after I got out of the church, to make it known to some person, for advice what to do with it, but some person who saw me pick up the said handkerchief, no doubt, gave information to the beadle.
MR. DAVIE. My handkerchief was in my right-hand pocket; it could not have dropped out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
