




1456. 




ELIZABETH HAWES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
27th of March, at 
Camberwell, 1 box, value 1d.; 4 sovereigns, 3 half-sovereigns. 2 dollars, and 2s.; the goods and monies of 



Flavius Josephus Hudson, her master, in his dwelling-house.






FLAVIUS JOSEPHUS HUDSON
. I am a tea-dealer and grocer, and live in High-street, Peckham, in the parish of Camberwell. On Saturday, the 23rd of March, the prisoner came into my service—on the 27th I sent her out, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, on an errand—she did not return—she was apprehended on the Friday following—I searched my bed. room, as she did not return, and missed three sovereigns, three half-sovereigns, two dollars, and two old shillings, out of the looking-glass drawer—three of the sovereigns were in a small box—the drawer was locked, and I found it still locked.

Prisoner. The drawer was not locked.





PETER WALLIS
 (police-constable E 72.) I took the prisoner into custody, on the 29th of March, in Vine-court, Tooley-street—I told her the charge—she denied it—I asked if she had any of the property about her person—she said she had not, but that she had part of it stolen from her by a young man, and the remainder she had spent—I found a box on her, which the prosecutor swears to—she had several new clothes on—her clothes were given to me at a house she had taken refuge in—there is a ring and necklace in the bundle.





SARAH EVEREST
. I am the wife of David Everest, and live at the station-house, in Lock's-fields. I searched the prisoner, when she was brought to the station-house, and found on her this salve-box, a ring, and a necklace on her neck, which I delivered to the policeman—I asked her what she was charged with—she said robbing her master of six sovereigns, and some silver, but she had not taken more than 4l. 10s.—I asked what she did with it—she said she had spent some, and got drunk, and was robbed of some of it.





FLAVIUS JOSEPH HUDSON

re-examined. This salve-box I can identify as being the one the sovereigns were in—I am quite sure of it, by a particular mark.




GUILTY
. * Aged 17—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

