





First London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder
641. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIDSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of January
, 1 ham, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Edwards
               




            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  DAY
               



            . I live in Leadenhall-street


, and am in the employ of 
               
                  John 
                  Edwards
               



            , a ham and tongue dealer
. On the 22nd of January, about eight o'clock in the evening, the ward beadle came to know if we had lost a ham; I went to the watch-house, and saw one which I knew was my master's, and had been in our shop in the afternoon - our window was shut, and this ham was on the counter inside; there are folding doors to open to get in - the ham is worth about 9s.; I had not seen the prisoner near the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PLAISTOWE
               



            . I am ward beadle of Aldgate. I was at the watch-house door, on the same side as the prosecutor's shop - I saw the prisoner on the other side of the way, walking fast, with a ham in his hand; it was about a quarter before eight o'clock - an officer said,"That looks like one of the party, who has been in the street;" we went to him, and asked where he got it - he threw it down, ran into the road, and was taken directly; the witness went to the watch-house, and claimed it.
WALTER PLAISTOWE, JUN. I took the ham up in the road - I saw the prisoner throw it down.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking down the street; two young men came behind me, and threw the ham down in the street - the two officers came up, and one said I was not the man; the other said I was.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
