






2470. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of October

, 1 tobacco pouch, value 6d.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 crown, and 1 half-crown, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Evans
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PARKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .

PETER EVANS. I am a Norwegian sailor
. On the 21st of October I was in Ratcliff-highway



, and saw Watson - she was at a door; I went in with her, and went to bed with her - I had paid her 3s.; she then went away - I then missed my tobacco-pouch, my purse, one crown, and one half-crown from my lefthand waistcoat pocket; I did not see Parkinson.


                  JOHN 
                  MELVILLE
               



             (Police-constable K 63). I heard the prosecutor call Police! I went down; Watson was gone: I knew where she lived - I went and found her at her own house; I accused her of robbing the man- she said she had not taken any thing from him, and all the money she had in the world was one halfpenny - I asked her where her old man was, meaning Parkinson; I looked out of the window, and saw him outside - I got him in, searched, and found on him this little hammer, a crown-piece, and a half-crown: while I was doing that Watson ran off - I pursued and took her, and while I did that the serjeant searched Parkinson further, and found on him this purse and this pouch.
PETER EVANS. This is my purse.
Watson's Defence. I was sitting by my fire, he came to the door and asked if he might come in, and stay there; a woman came in - he sent for half a pint of gin, and a pot of porter; he said all he had was 7s. 6d., and a few halfpence - he gave me that; I took it to a woman to take care of for me; she gave it to Parkinson.
Parkinson's Defence. I received it from another woman to take care of.
WATSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 41.
PARKINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 61.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
