



543. 




JOHN KENNEDY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of February. 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 



Stephenson Nodes, from his person.






STEPHENSON NODES
. I live in Upper Bedford-street. On the 8th of January, I was going out of Queen-street into Lincoln's-inn-fields, and Mr. Kilvington stopped me—I put my hand into my great-coat pocket, and missed my handkerchief—I went back with him and found the prisoner in custody of the policeman, who showed me my handkerchief—it is the same I lost—the prisoner begged me to let him off, and said that he would not do so again.





JAMES KILVINGTON
. I am a coal-merchant, and live in Vassal-road,

Kennington. I was walking in Great Queen-street, and saw the prisoner put his hand into the gentleman's pocket and take out a handkerchief—I attempted to seize him but he escaped from me—I called, "Stop thief—the policeman was within a short distance, and stopped him—I desired him to hold the prisoner while I fetched the gentleman—a carman took up the handkerchief, and said, "Here, Sir, is your handkerchief—I told him to keep it while I went to the gentleman to tell him he had been robbed—there was another person in company with the prisoner—I had seen them together some time before—the handkerchief was delivered to me—the prisoner asked the prosecutor to forgive him.

Prisoner. Nobody saw me throw it away. Witness, I saw him take the handkerchief from the pocket—his companion ran the contrary way, and he ran towards me.





GEORGE KEENE
 (police-constable F 39)I was in Great Queen-street and saw the prisoner running last Wednesday, the 3rd of February, about twelve o'clock in the day—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and stopped him Mr. Kilvington came up, and accused him of picking a gentleman's pocket, and said, if I would detain him, he would fetch the owner; and while I held him, a carman brought it up, and said in his presence he had seen him throw it away—he made no answer—the prosecutor came up and claimed it—the prisoner begged very hard for mercy.
(Property produced and sworn to)
(Ellen Gillen, green-grocer, Lumber-court; Mary Fenning, Plumber-court, Shoe-lane; and Edward Gillen, Lumber-court, Little Alice-street Seven Dials; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fourth Jury before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
