



312. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of November, at 
St. Pancras, 8 spoons, value 5l.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; one printed book, value 2s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 20s.; 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 sheet, value 10s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s., the goods of 



William Rance; 11 spoons, value 5l. 6s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 1 telescope, value 1l. 5s.; 1 shawl, value 2l.; 1 table-cloth, value 6s.; 2 printed books, value 30s.; and one veil, value 1l. 5s., the goods of 



James Woodgate; in the dwelling-house of the said 



William Rance and 



James Woodgate.






WILLIAM RANCE
. I am in partnership with Mr. James Woodgate, and live at the Freemasons' Arms, Sutton-street, King's Cross, St. Pancras. I employed the prisoners' father to paint the house, and the prisoner and he worked at the painting—on the 4th of December, I found two boxes and a chest of drawers broken open—the two boxes were in my bed-room, and the chest of drawers were in Mr. Woodgate's room—I lost from my boxes a quantity of linen, a pair of trowsers, a silver watch, a gold ring, three silk handkerchiefs, a silver pin—I cannot say when I had last noticed the boxes, or the property—they had been out of my sight for some days—I missed some silver spoons the same day from the drawers—there were 19 tea-spoons, 4 table-spoons, 2 pairs of sugar-tongs, 2 caddy-spoons, a shirt, and 5 books—part were in my drawers, and part in my boxes—some of the books were in the boxes—the silver was in the drawer in Woodgate's room—7 tea-spoons, 2 caddy-spoons, and 1 pair of sugar-tongs were mine—the other articles of plate were Woodgate's—I missed them about twelve o'clock, I think, in the day—I did not know who had taken them—the prisoner and his father had worked at the house from the latter end of October, up to the present time—the prisoner had access to both the rooms—on the 4th of December, I missed my property, and directly went to the police-station, to Fryer, the officer, and on the Saturday following I took the prisoner—I did not see him after missing the property, until I took him—he had been at work within a day or two, but after I missed my property he did not come—his father came to my house on the Saturday, and I went to the father's house, and saw the prisoner there—I asked him if he knew any thing of the robbery of my house—he said he knew nothing at all about it—I told him that I had strong suspicions that he knew something concerning it—

that I would leave him with his father and mother half an hour, but he must not leave the house, for I should take him on suspicion—I returned in half an hour—he still denied knowing any thing of it, and I gave him in charge—the value of what I lost is about 11l.





LETITIA WOODGATE
. I am the wife of James Woodgate. I lost 7 silver tea-spoons, 3 table-spoons, a silver caddy-spoon, and sugar-tongs—I had not seen them for a month—they were in my bed-room drawer, which was locked—I found it broken open on the 4th of December—the value of all I lost was 12l. or 13l.—there was a telescope, a shawl, a table-cloth, some books, and a veil.





MARY SOPHIA HUNT
. I was an unfortunate girl, and lived with the prisoner—he visited me at my lodging—the first thing he brought me was a black lace veil—I cannot recollect when it was—it was a long time before he was taken up—I dare say it is six weeks—I wore it a long time, at he gave it to me—after wearing it, I pledged it with Mr. Corder, for 5s.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you know the property was stolen? A. No; I did not—I did not burn the duplicate of a table-cloth and shawl—he burnt it himself—he brought me a yellow crape shawl a long time back.





MARY ANN OWEN
. I lived as servant with Hunt, and know the prisoner: he used to come and see her—he brought a sheet and table-cloth, and asked me to pawn them—I pawned than at Blackburn's, in Skinner-street, Somers-Town, for 6s., and gave the money to Hunt—he brought another sheet, which I pawned for 3s.—he brought a table-cloth again, which I pawned for 3s., and a silk handkerchief; which I pawned for 2s.—I gave all the money to Hunt.





JOHN DAVIS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Corder, a pawnbroker. I have a table-cloth pawned by Owen on the 22nd of November, and a black lace veil by Hunt on the 3rd of November.





BENJAMIN KITCHIN
. I am in the service of Mr. Corder. I have a sheet pawned by Owen, on the 18th of November; and a wedding-ring, pawned on the 13th of November, which I did not take in.





ARTHUR JOHN NORTH
. I am in the employ of Mr. Blackburn, a pawnbroker. I have a sheet and table-cloth pawned by Owen, on the 14th of November.





WYNNE ROGERS
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was given into my charge, by Mr. Rance, on Saturday, the 6th of December.





EDWARD BULSWORTHY
. I am a pawnbroker, living in Aylesbury-street, Clerkenwell. I have a silver watch pawned by a man in the name of John Yates, of Ray-street—I do not know him—it was not the prisoner.





THOMAS MORTON
. I live at Mr. Waters's, of Phoenix-street, Somers-town. I have a pair of trowsers, pawned on the 15th of November by a man in the name of William Russell—I believe the prisoner to be the man.





WILLIAM MOLE
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Little Warner-street, Clerkenwell. I have a glass mug, pawned on the 22nd of October by a woman in the name of Ann Davis—I do not recollect her.





WILLIAM BUTLER
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a shawl pawned on the 17th of November—I do not knew who by—it was by a woman in the name of James—the witness James was at my shop that day.





MARY SOPHIA HUNT

re-examined. I pawned that in the name of James, which was the name I went by—I received it from the prisoner, pawned it for 3s., and kept the money.






LETITIA WOODGATE

re-examined. The veil, table-cloth, and glass, are mine.





WILLIAM RANCE

re-examined. The sheet, table-cloth, watch, and trowsers, are mine.

Prisoner's Defence. I deny breaking open the drawers—they were opened by a key procured by the chief witness, Hunt—I deny stealing the yellow silk shawl, blue handkerchief, pair of brown kid gloves, and gold ring—that property she stole herself from Mrs. Woodgate's bed-room, and the gold ring from Mr. Rance's bed-room—I did not see them till she showed them to me in the evening—I asked where she got them from—she told me, and I asked her to let me take them back—she told me to go and be hanged, and unless I brought something more, she would do all she could to send me out of the country. A gentleman, named Parker, gave information about it to the policeman—I wish to know why he is not at the bar—he was the chief receiver of the property—he sold the plate to a smelter in Wilderness-row—one lot for 18s., another for 12s., and another for 8s.

MRS. WOODGATE
re-examined. I never saw Hunt at the house.
(William Smith, Samuel Richards, Thomas Harris, and William Robert Heath, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
 of larceny. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
