



504. 




JOHN SELWOOD
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
5th of January, of an evil-disposed person, 1 silver basin, value 5l.; and 1 silver tea-caddy, value 3l.; the goods of 



John Blagrave, Esq.; well knowing them to have been feloniously stolen.



MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





COLONEL JOHN BLAGRAVE
. I live near Reading, in Berkshire, fortytwo miles from town. On the 5th of January, 1834, my house was broken open, and robbed of a considerable property—it was a regular burglary—I lost plate and several other articles—I lost a sugar-basin and silver tea-caddy, which I have since seen—after the robbery, I circulated an account of it, and offered a reward of 50l.—I paid about 15l. for the sugar-basin.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROE. Q. Are you at all acquainted with the prisoner? A. No; I do not think I ever saw him before—he does not live in our parish, from what I could find—I have made search, but cannot find that he does—he gave hit name and address—I went there, but could hear nothing of him.





CHARLES PERPEMENT
. I am shopman to Makepeace and Co., of Searl-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. This sugar-basin is of considerable value, and the tea-caddy also—they were both made by us for the prosecutor.





JOHN TROY
. I am shopman to Mr. Whiteaves, a silversmith, in Fleet-street. On the 26th of March, 1834, the prisoner came to master's house, and brought this silver sugar-basin and tea-caddy, with a silver inkstand, a folding eye-glass, and some silver coin—the whole weighed 60 ounces 2 pennyweights, which I bought of him—we put it in our window—I afterwards saw the sugar-basin and caddy in possession of the last witness—it is a remarkable sugar-basin—I never saw one like it before—I am certain it is the sugar-basin the prisoner sold us—he said he lived near Newbury, in Berks—I never knew him live in London—I knew him before—when he came in, he said, "How do you do? Here are a few articles I have to sell, which the persons in the country are necessitated to sell in consequence of the badness of the times"—in consequence of his saying that, and having bought, some articles before of him, I did not suspect him—he did not mention who the country people were—I gave him 5s. an ounce for it as old silver—he came again, on the 6th of January, to sell another quantity of plate, and we detained him on account of having had information from Makepeace—we told him we should give him into custody in consequence of our buying plate of him stolen from Colonel Blagrave—his answer was, "I am not the thief"—I said we detained him to clear our own character, as there was some imputation cast on the character of the house—I said, "I hope you will be able to clear your character"—he hesitated a good deal, and I said, "But you say nothing"—he replied, "I have enough to do to think"—we took Colonel Blagrave's arms off the plate.

Q. Did you ask the prisoner how the people who were necessitated to sell the sugar-basin happened to have arms? A. No; it did not strike me as odd—there was the crest on one side, and the arms on the other—it is usual to take the arms out—I thought he might be an honest man, and he might be sent up to sell them—he did not say they were poor people—he said people were very much distressed, and were obliged to sell it—I cannot tell what quantity of plate he brought the second time—it is in the officer's hands—I weighed the pencil-case—it was 3 ounces—there was a silver tea-pot and stand, a sauce-ladle, and table and tea-spoons—I did not weigh them—there was not time.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in this shop? A. I

have been servant there twenty-two years—it is a very well known shop for the sale of plate, and coin, and old silver—we frequently get old family plate from families, and take off the arms to make it saleable—we knew the prisoner before, and thought him an honest man—we dealt with him more than once—I had no suspicion till we heard of the robbery—he did not come to the shop again for nine months—I had no suspicion, or I would not have bought them—the basin it rather a peculiar one—I never bought any article of the kind before—it is a peculiar make—5s. an ounce is the usual price, if it is not melted—if it is, it is not above 4s. 10d. an ounce—I gave him a fair market price—we had promised to detain him the next time we saw him—Mr. Whiteaves was present when he came again—he kept him in custody while I fetched the officer—it is common for things to be sold through agents—he was given in charge for the robbery of Colonel Blagrave—that was when the policeman was in the shop—I think Mr. Whiteaves said, "I shall charge the policeman with you"—I am not certain which of us said so—I think Mr. Whiteaves said he should charge the police with him, in consequence of the robbery at Colonel Blagrave's—that the plate we had bought of him was stolen—nothing was said about the robbery till the policeman came—it was about eleven o'clock in the morning—he produced the things in the open shop—the inkstand and eye-glass have been claimed by Colonel Blagrave.

COURT. Q. You bought this without asking whose arms they were? A. Yes—it is rather a singular piece of plate—at 5s. an ounce, it would come to between 6l. and 7l.—we did not buy to melt, but to sell—we gave a fair price for the whole of it.





COLONEL BLAGRAVE

re-examined. My arms are very conspicuous—my crest was on one side, and the arms an the other—the articles produced are part of the property stolen on the might in question—the ink-stand was returned to me—I have not brought it here.





WILLIAM CUTTRESS
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody.





WILLIAM PAYNE
. I am clerk to the magistrate at Guildhall. I attended the prisoner's examination, and remember his being called on for his defence—what he said was taken down in writing, and read over to him—no threat or inducement was held out to him—I took down his defence—this paper contains it—(reads)—"The prisoner says he lives at Crooks Easton, Hampshire—he bought the two articles of a man and woman between Newbury and Hungerford, about fourteen miles from Reading about fourteen days before he offered them for sale.





COLONEL BLAGRAVE
. Newbury is seventeen miles from Reading—Hampshire comes up two or three miles from Newbury.

Prisoner's Defence. I can only say I bought it, and did not know it was stolen.




GUILTY
. Aged 66.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
There was another indictment against the prisoner, for receiving other property.
