




650. 




WILLIAM WARREN, alias
 Carpenter

, and 




THOMAS HOBDEN
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of January, at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, 2 geldings, price 81., the property of 




Walter Barton May.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





ROBERT BROOKES
. I am a labourer in the employ of Mr. Walter Barton May, who lives at Hadlow, in Kent, and is a gentleman farmer. I had the care of two geldings of his—on the 3rd of January I put them into the yard, and fastened the gate, near upon six o'clock in the evening—I went at half-past

five o'clock next morning to feed them, and found them gone—I gave information of it—there was no lock on the gate.





JAMES CHAMBERS
. I am inspector of slaughtering-houses. On the morning of Thursday, the 4th of January, about nine o'clock, I went to Mr. Gidden's slaughtering-house, in Green-street, Friar-street, Blackfriars-road—I there saw the two prisoners and two geldings at the slaughter-house—they were offering them for sale—Warren appeared as the master, and Hobden as his servant—I heard Hobden say he had nothing to do with it—that he was employed by his master, Warren—Warren heard him say so—I asked Warren if they were his own property—he said yes, they were—Warren offered one of them for sale for 30s.—I considered it worth 4l. or 5l., and asked him where he brought the horses from, and how long he had had them—he said he had had one eight months, and the other six, and that he came from Hadlow—he said he used them in a fish cart, and for drawing stones and coal to and from Hadlow—Hobden did not seem to interfere in it—he said Warren was his master—I gave them into the custody of Smithers the policeman, and took care of the horses at a livery-stable in Obelisk-yard—one was brown, and the other bay.





WILLIAM PRALL
. I am bailiff to Mr. May, of Hadlow. After missing the horse, in consequence of information, I came to town, and saw the geldings, on the 8th of January, in the Obelisk stable—they were master's, and had been safe on the 3rd—they were worth 5l. each when they were at home—they are now worth about 4l—they had come up without shoes—one of them has lost its shoes—Hadlow is thirty-three or thirty-four miles from the slaughter-house—they were not in very good condition—I know the prisoner Warren—he did live at Hadlow, but not at that time—he was not employed there in drawing stones and fish at that time—it was impossible for him to do so without my knowledge—I have been there about twelve months, and I was with the prosecutor before—I know Hobden—he is a native of Hadlow—I saw Warren at Hadlow a few days before he took the hones away—I do not know whether he lived there or not then—I cannot tell whether Hobden was servant to Warren—I do not know how he got his living—I saw them both about Hadlow, in company together, a few days before—they had no regular employment to my knowledge—Hobden once came to me for a job, a few days before the horses went away—he did not say he was anybody's servant—master bought one of the geldings last May—I know both of them belong to him—he has had one fifteen or sixteen years.





JOSEPH SMITHERS
. I am an officer. I received the prisoners in charge from the Inspector.

Warren's Defence. I was in distress, and took it from want.

WARREN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

HOBDEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.




Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Bolland.
