



2043. 




JOHN HENNING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of September, 1 tea chest, value 1s.; and 41lbs. of tea, value 8l. 7s.; the goods of 




Francis Chambers and another.






WILLIAM PEOPLE
. I am carman to Henry Limbey, of Greek-street, Soho, who is one of the firm of Chambers and Limbey, wholesale tea dealers. About twenty minutes after five o'clock in the afternoon of the 12th of September, I stopped with ray cart at the Custom-house quay, in Thames-street, and left the horse and cart, as the gateway was under re pair—on returning to my cart, I missed a small chest of tea, which I had to carry to the King's Head, Borough.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was the chest.? A. On the top of the cart, covered up with a tilt—I went away to deliver a chest at the quay, and was absent about three minutes—it belongs to Francis Chambers and Henry Limbey—I saw the chest again in about ten minutes after I left the cart—I am quite sure of the chest—I know it by the direction on it—it is on it now—it weighs about 50lbs.





GEORGE SEATON
. I live in Platina-street, Tabernacle-walk. On the evening of the 12th of September I was coming down Tower-street, by Seething-lane, which is about throe minutes' walk from the Custom

house quay, and saw the prisoner going along the lane with a small chest of tea on his shoulder—I suspected something wrong—he sometimes went fast, and sometimes more regular—I followed him up Crutched-friars, and lost sight of him—I saw him again in Jewry-street—he was stopped in my presence by Partrick, with the chest on his shoulder, at the top of Duke-street.

Cross-examined. Q. How far was he stopped from Mr. Hall's quay? A. About ten minutes' walk—he was going at a quickish pace—there were not many people in the street—it was about half-past five o'clock—he said he was employed by a genteelly-dressed person to take it to Petticoat-lane for him, and he would pay him when he got there—he did not say the person was following him, to my knowledge—he said at the station-house that he thought the person was following him—I have seen the prisoner before—I thought him a regular, steady man—when out of work he takes jobs—he has worked, I believe, for three masters in Tooley-street since I have known him.





HENRY LIMBEY
. This is the chest—it is the property of Francis Chambers and myself.





SAMUEL PATRICK
 (City police constable 66.) I took the prisoner into custody in Duke-street, Aldgate, with the chest of tea on his shoulder—I asked him what he had got—he said he did not know—I asked where he was going—he said to Petticoat-lane—I asked where there—he said he did not know—I asked who employed him—he said, while he stood opposite a public-house in Payne-street, a gentleman dressed in black came and asked if he wanted a job, and told him to take the chest to Petticoat-lane—I said, "Did he tell you where?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Did he pay you?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Did he promise to meet you?"—he said, "No"—he said nothing to me about the man's following him; but what passed at the station-house I do not know.





GEORGE SEATON

re-examined. I think he was going the most direct road to Petticoat-lane.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
