





1356. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  CLARKE
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of August
, 1 metal cock, value 2s.; and 6 inches of leaden pipe, value 3d.; the goods of 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Swile
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain house of his
            , against the Statute.


                  SARAH 
                  SWILE
               



            . I am the wife of Christopher Swile, of Fleet-lane


, baker
 - we had a leaden pipe and a metal cock - on Sunday morning, the 3rd of August, I went to church at a quarter before eleven o'clock, and returned about one o'clock - I went down a little before six o'clock in the evening, and found the cock and pipe were gone - this is the cock, I gave 2s. for it - I know it by its having been very hard driven down - I took it out and knocked it up with the hammer.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where do you live? A. Opposite the Red Lion - the prisoner lives at the top of the lane - my back door is frequently open, as I have three or four lodgers - some of them were at home when I came back from church - the cock was fastened to a pipe in the cellar - in June last the old pipe was taken, and I was forced to go to the plumber's for fifteen feet of this new pipe, and had this cock put to it - I saw it safe a little before eleven o'clock - I had the same lodgers living with me when I lost the old pipe - the prisoner has often been to my house - he brought my coals - I gave information on the Monday to several persons, that if this cock was offered for sale, they should stop it - I know the prisoner was in the habit of buying small articles of this sort.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  LOCKYER
               



            . I am a plumber's labourer. I know this cock by the bent appearance of it and the tinning - I tinned it, and was employed in fixing it on the 30th of June, and this pipe corresponds with what is left.


                  GEORGE 
                  ARDEN WHITE
               



             (City-policeman No. 36). I found this pipe in a corner of the prisoner's house covered with a basket - there was a quantity of lead and another cock there.
Cross-examined. Q. Where was it? A. In the corner of the parlour within the shop - I went to search the house - the prisoner's wife told me there were lodgers in the house - I did not examine the rooms - I only searched the parlour and the shop - this was on the 7th of August - it was a coal-shed - I believe the prisoner deals in marine stores - he was not there when I first went, but I went again and found him - I believe his name is over the door.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
