



1994. 




WILLIAM BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of September, 1 veil, value 5s., the goods of 



Jane Elizabeth Somes, from the person of 



John Burley.






JANE ELIZABETH SOMES
. On the 4th September, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was walking in Bartholomew fair, with Burley, the police-officer—I had a veil on—somebody gave a tug at it, and to secure it, I pulled it off my bonnet, and gave it to Burley to take care of—he put it into his pocket, and in about five minutes I saw it in the hands of another person, who was putting it into his bosom—I do not know who he was—I told him the veil belonged to me, and he gave it me, and ran away—this is the veil.





JOHN BURLEY
. I am a policeman. I was walking with the prosecutor—s e gave me her veil to take care of—I put it into my left-hand pocket—I did not feel it taken from my pocket; but something was going on on the stage at Richardson's show, which took my attention off altogether—I received information that my pocket was picked—I was in plain clothes—I immediately called an officer, and he ran and took the prisoner into custody—he had not got the veil then.





GEORGE ANTHONY
. I am an accountant. I was at Bartholomew fair—I saw the prisoner and two other men about half-past seven o'clock, opposite Richardson's show—I saw each of them fell Burley's pocket—the prisoner put his hand into Burley's pocket, pulled out something, and gave it to one of his companions—I tapped Burley on the shoulder, and said, "You are robbed"—I turned round directly and secured the prisoner, and Williams took him to the Compter—nothing was found on him—the prosecutrix produced the veil—I had seen him take it.





WILLIAM SUTTON
. About half-past seven o'clock in the evening I was at the fair—I saw the prisoner make a tug at the veil—I afterwards watched him, and saw him take it from Burley's pocket—I could see it was something dark.

Prisoner's Defence. I was passing through Smithfield about nine o'clock—o posite Richardson's show the gentleman came and took me—he said, "Come alone"—he brought the veil in his hand, and took me to the Compter—I was not near the person at all.




GUILTY
*. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven years.
