






Before Mr. Justice Park.
1856. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, having in his custody and possession a certain receipt, as follows: "Received 6s. 6d. S. Stone," did afterwards, feloniously alter the same, by inserting the figure 5 to denote pounds, and adding the letters £. and s. over the figures, to denote pounds and shillings, with intent to defraud 
                     
                        
                           William Houghton 
                           Flintan
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Michael Joshua 
                           O'Hea
                        



.
SECOND COUNT, for uttering and publishing the said receipt as true.
SIX OTHER COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.
MR. JONES conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM HOUGHTON FLINTAN. I live in Berwick-street, Soho, and am in partnership with 
               
                  Michael 
                  Joseph O'Hea
               



             - we are provision-agents

. On Saturday, the 25th of September, I saw the prisoner at our shop; I saw him at his own house on Monday, the 27th, and saw him the same day at our house - I then showed him three separate parcels of ham, all of which he agreed to purchase - after we had weighed them I said, "Mr. Phillips, it is usual, as you don't pay for them, to leave a deposit;" he was a perfect stranger to me - he said it was not convenient to give me a deposit then, but that before eleven o'clock next day he would send 5l., and then I agreed to send him the first draft, which was thirty-four hams, weighing 3 cwt. 13lbs., which came to 5l. 6s. 6d. - he was to send the 5l. first, and pay the porter the 6s. 6d.; I never received the 5l. from him - I afterwards discovered that the hams were sent to him; about eleven on Tuesday, the day they were sent, I met him in Lombard-street; I said, "Mr. Phillips. have you sent the money for those hams?" he said, "I have not, but I am now with a gentleman, who is to let me have the money, and I will send it on immediately;" I said, "You had better send the money for the whole, as it will save us a journey; we can send them all at once:" he said he would if he could get it; in consequence of information I called at his shop that day, and said, "Mr. Phillips, have you sent the money for those hams?" he said,"I have not but I have got the hams, and paid your porter or man 6s. 6d., and I will send the 5l. in less than half an hour;" I went to his house, and saw him again next day, about three o'clock in the afternoon, and asked for the 5l., as he had not sent it; he said, "You d-d rascal, I paid you the 5l. at the time I purchased the hams; you d-d rascal, I owe you nothing:" I then told him he was a swindler, that he had not paid me; and he shoved me out of the shop - I again repeated that he was a swindler, that he had obtained goods fraudulently, and then refused to pay for them; he then struck me a blow over the month, which induced me to apply at Bow-street for a warrant - he was brought there on a charge of assault, and there produced the receipt, in the altered state, purporting to be for 5l. 6s. 6d.; I had received 6s. 6d. from my man, but nothing from the prisoner whatever.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you quite certain he never paid you the 5l.? A. Certainly - I told my porter about nine o'clock on Tuesday morning, that Phillips was to send 5l., and then he was to take the hams and receive 6s. 6d.; he was not to take them till the 5l. was sent - I went out for five or six hours; my partner was in lreland at the time.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STONE
               



            . I am in the prosecutors' employ. On the 25th of September I saw the prisoner at master's, and on Tuesday Mr. Flintan desired me to take thirty-four hams to the prisoner, to receive 6s. 6d., as I understood him, and that the 5l. was to be sent to the shop afterwards- I took thirty-four hams to the prisoner's shop; he came in just as I had delivered them, and paid me 6s. 6d., but no more; I wrote a receipt for the 6s. 6d. at the bottom of the bill - (looking at it) this is my signature at the bottom of the bill; I wrote "Received 6s. 6d., S. Stone," and that is all I wrote - I did not make the figure 5, or the £. over it; the 6s. 6d. has been smeared over since I wrote it- when he paid me the 6s. 6d. he said he would send the 5l. to my masters; I never received 5l. from him.
Cross-examined. Q. Am I to understand that you put the 6s. 6d., with s and d over it? A. I did not put the s - I might put the d; the s there is not mine - the d is; I understood master the 5l. was to be sent after, but it was a misunderstanding of mine - he did not say he had already received the 5l.


                  THOMAS 
                  FORD
               



            . I am gaoler of Bow-street. While the prisoner was at the bar there he produced this receipt- I received it from him, and took it to the Magistrate; he said Mr. Flintan had done this merely because he should not come on him for giving this receipt on unstamped paper.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am a serjeant of the Police. On Tuesday night, the 28th of September, about ten or eleven o'clock, I was going my rounds, and on looking into Ship-yard, Temple-bar, I saw a number of people round the prisoner's door - I went up, and there was a dispute in the shop between Flintan and Phillips' lad; seventeen hams were counted down by the door - the lad said, "Policeman, do you allow master's shop to be stripped of these hams, as my master is not present?" the shopman showed me a bill, and it was signed for 6s. 6d., and no more - it was a similar bill to that produced, but on the 30th the prisoner himself showed me this bill, and said it was the bill which had been shown to me on the Tuesday night; I am sure the one I saw on the Tuesday had only a receipt for 6s. 6d. on it.
Cross-examined. Q. When he showed it you on the 30th, was it in the state it is now? A. Exactly; he showed it me in his shop - it was Thursday, the 30th, the day he was brought to Bow-street for the assault.
COURT. Q. Were you at Bow-street? A. No; I do know when he was there.


                  THOMAS 
                  FORD
               



            . It was on Thursday, the 30th, that he came to Bow-street - the warrant was granted on the 29th.


                  ROBERT 
                  BOWDEN
               



            . I live on Holborn-bridge, and am in the employ of Mr. Carr, a grocer and oilman. The prisoner showed me this receipt on the 29th of September (looking at it); at that time the 5 was apparently very recently written - the 6s. 6d. was blacker then, and blacker than it is are now; the 5 was then much paler than the 6s. 6d., by which I inferred it had been more recently written - I saw it between nine and ten o'clock in the morning.
Cross-examined. Q. Did it appear to have been made three or four days before? A. No, it appeared muchmore recently done - it might have been done the day before for what I know.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I am now a hundred and forty miles from my native place, which prevents me producing that number of respectable persons I could have done, had my trial taken place in Herefordshire, but not withstanding the few I have to speak to character, will, I hope, satisfy you that I am not that fraudulent person my prosecutor would make you behave; I came to London only four months since, with a capital of 300l., with which I went into business in my present shop - my returns being from 30l. to 40l. per week, therefore it is not probable that I could be guilty of so paltry a crime, and yet serious charge; had I been guilty of such offence, should I have placed the document in the way of the man who has tried every thing in his power to blast my character and reputation - I have a wife and seven children; I solemnly declare before my God, and in your presence, that I am innocent.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALL
               



            . I am the prisoner's servant. I remember the carman bringing thirty-four hams, and after delivering them he asked for the money - he said he wanted 6s. 6d.; I said master had just gone out, and I had not taken enough to pay him - he made a great noise, and said he must take the hams back if he did not have the 6s. 6d.; a man, who I was serving with soap, asked him to take some hams for him, and when he returned Mr. Phillips gave him 6s. 6d. - he wrote the receipt in my presence for 5l. 6s. 6d.; he did it in my presence.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he say whether his master had received the 5l. before he had come there? A. He said he had only just come out, and did not know, but he believed it was paid - (looking at the receipt) that is what he signed.
COURT. Q. Do you swear that the 5l. is the handwriting of Stone? A. Yes.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Can you give the Jury any reason why the 5l. is in darker ink than the other? A. Yes, we have an ink-stand with very bad ink, and there was a leaden ink-stand - the leaden one writes very bad; he said, "Your ink is very bad" - I said, "Dip down there, it is darker." and he did so; 
               
                  Charles 
                  Handley
               



             was there, and saw him write - he was employed to clean down the house.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you now? A. Why, I live with Mr. Phillips' wife, in Ship-yard - the business does not still go on.
COURT. Q. How long has your master lived there? A. About four months - I never saw his family; I have heard Mr. Phillips say the children were in the country.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
