





1305. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HICKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. PHILLIPS Conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  COTTAM
               




            . I am in partnership with Mr. Hallen, we are iron-founders and machine-makers
, and live in Winslow-street, Oxford-street. The prisoner was our collecting clerk
 - he had been about one year and threequarters in our service; he took out the accounts, and received debts deaily - it was his duty to enter in a cashbook, which I have here, what he received, every night, or in the day, if he came home sooner; I have searched this book for the monies stated in the indictment, and they are not entered there - the prisoner was paid a salary as a servant; he was not a partner in any way - he absented himself on the 23rd of January; I had no interview with him after that, and I never received from him the sums specified in the indictment - he came to our house after he had absented himself, but I did not see him; I afterwards had him taken, and went to the Police-office - in going along I made him no promise or threat, but I said to him, "By the date of some of the accounts, it appears you commenced pocketing the money about three months after you came;" he said, "No, I think it was about the first two months."
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. I believe it was in May, 1829, he came into your service? A. Yes; he had not to do the duty of two clerks, or any extra duty - he might in my absence have accounted to my partner, or to other persons; he was not always at home in an evening; he used sometimes to go out as a traveller for a day or two - I do not know that he was ever out for a week, or that I ever allowed a period of two weeks to pass without requiring an account; I always asked him what money he had when I saw him in the office - on the 23rd of January I showed him a letter from a gentleman, stating that he had paid his account; he had entered some money two or three days before that, and I had gone through his books with him about a weeks before -I had gone through the books weeks and weeks after Christmas, as some were behind hand; I never entered into any negotiation with him to treat these sums as a debt, and for him to give me security; I did mention the name of a Mr. Abbot, an attorney, but I did not direct him to go to him - I did not speak of a bill of sale, or warrant of attorney; he mentioned them to me - I did not send any person to take an inventroy of his effects - I authorized Mr. Abbot to hand over to the prisoner a small sum of money due from Dr. Phillimore, after the discovery; I know there was some money paid to the firm -I believe there is a bill of 25l. from Mr. Bryan; at the time he was taken, he stated there was about 15l. due to him for wages - there was not a bill of 20l. for disbursements; there was about 4l. for some trifling expences.
Re-examined. Q. Did he ever account to you for the three sums mentioned in the indictment? A. No - the sums alleged to be due to him would not cover the sums he has received by eight or ten times; he has received above 300l. for which he has not accounted.
COURT. Q.Should the sums he receive be entered in a book? A. Yes - he enters them himself, and then hands them over to me; he left us abruptly, without notice.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HALLEN
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutors'. I remember the prisoner producing his book, and dictating a list of names from whom he had received money, and not accounted for it; this is the book and the list: here is 7l. 3s. received from Mr. Bull; 7l. 16s. from Mr. Wilson, and 9l. 0s. 6d. from Mr. Ball.


                  REUBEN 
                  BULL
               



            . I was a customer of the prosecutors'. I owed them in September last 7l. 3s.; I paid it to the prisoner, and he wrote this receipt, in my presence.
GEORGE WILSON. I am a customer of the prosecutors'. I owed them some money on the 5th of October; it was 8l. - I gave the money to Bevington, my shopman, who brought me this receipt - there was a discount of 4s.
- BEVINGTON. I paid this money to the prisoner, and he gave me this receipt.


                  GEORGE 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Ballhe was a customer of the prosecutors'; I paid the prisoner 9l. 0s. 6d. for them - he gave me this receipt.
Prisoner's Defence. My prosecutors told me if I would sign a bill of sale, they would not prosecute me, and they requested me to go to Mr. Abbot for that purpose; he objected to a bill of sale, and proposed a warrant of attorney.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 56. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
