






1251. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CROUCH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WELCH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously putting off to 
                     
                        
                           Leonard John 
                           Zimmerman
                        




                     
                  , 8 counterfeit shillings, at and for a lower rate and value, than the same did by their denomination import, (i.e.)for 2s.
            

MESSRS. SCARLETT and ELLIS conducted the prosecution.
LEONARD JOHN ZIMMERMAN. I am a gem polisher
. On the 6th of May, before ten o'clock in the morning, I went to the house of Seager, who is inspector of the watch in the ward of Aldersgate; I was then searched by Bates, in his presence - they gave me two shillings which I had seen marked; I then went to a place in Little Britain, according to Seager's orders - I had seen Crouch once before in Smithfield; I waited in Little Britain till about half-past three o'clock - Crouch then came to me and asked what I wanted; I said I wanted ten pegs, which is a nick-name they give to counterfeit shillings - he was then 
by himself; he and I went on together down to the Blue coat school gate


 - he there went up to Welch and spoke to her; she gave him ten counterfeit shillings in paper from under her frock; I gave him the two shillings which Seager gave me - he gave them to Welch; he and I went into the Blue coat school gate, and when we got sixteen or eighteen paces in he gave me eight shillings -I told him I wanted but eight; I looked at them, and know they are part of what the girl gave him, because he had kept them in his right hand, and I had not lost sight of that hand - she told Crouch she was going to see her mother, and when he gave me the eight shillings he said the other two were for somebody else; in a few minutes the officer came and took him - I gave him the eight shillings.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. How do you get your living? A. By work - I worked for Mr. Seagar's brother, who is a gun-maker, for six years; I do not get my living by entrapping people for the Mint, but by honest industry, the whole of the last twelve months as a gun-maker and doing odd jobs; I never was engaged in any thing of this kind before - I do not know a person of the name of Bill, and never was employed but on this occasion; I swear I only heard the term pegs a fortnight before - Mr. Seager told me the slang names they gave them; Mr. Seager knew me by working for his brother; I do not expect to get any thing for this - I have had no promise held out to me; I do not know that I am to get any thing - I came here to serve Mr. Seager; I had seen Crouch in Little Britain before this, and I had seen him in Smithfield on the 4th, when I went to look after a man named Nash - not exactly on this business; I was employed by Seagar to detect him - I was never employed to entrap any but the prisoner and Nash; I was looking for Nash and the prisoner spoke to me - I had never seen him before; he came and asked who was I looking for, was I looking for Nash? I said I had rather see Winter-bank; I had never seen Winterbank; but I had heard of his name - I did not go after Winterbank, he was in the Compter; Mr. Seager had told me so, but I wanted the prisoner to think I was in the line; I said it as a blind -I understand Welch is about eleven years of age; the officers were about eight yards from me when I met Crouch; I was on one side of the way and they on the other, up a court - he might see them; I have not been drilled in this business - I was close to him when the little girl gave him the money open; it was not in paper; I did not say a word about paper - we went into the Bluecoat school yard and eight shillings were given to me; he had the ten shillings in his right hand - I watched his hand to see whether he put the two shillings away, as I wanted but eight; I did not then see Bates or Seager -I took it for granted they were not in the passage then; the Blue coat School-yard is a large open yard - when I took the money Bates came and took Crouch, and Seager took me; the two shillings I had given Crouch he gave to Welch - I had not been more than eight or ten minutes with him before he was taken; no one was by to hear any conversation between us.
MR. ELLIS. Q. Had the officer any particular dress? A. No - Welch took the coin loose and gave it loose to Crouch; When Crouch came and introduced himself to me on the 4th, he and I walked down Hosier-lane - he said Tom was in the Compter and he had got the things - I said I did not know that it was right with him; he said if I thought it was not, I might go to the Compter, and ask Tom about it - he asked what I wanted - I said two tushes, meaning half-crowns; he wanted me to give him two shillings, but I would not - he then went in, and brought two half-crowns, wrapped in a piece of paper, and I gave him a shilling for it; I did that under the direction of Mr. Seager - I have worked for Mr. Wilk's, in Church-lane, at repairing guns.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. How much haveyou got by jobs of this sort? A. I never in my life received a farthing, or any thing else, nor do I expect it; on the 5th of May I went to the Fortune of War, at the corner of Cock-lane, with Crouch - we had a pint of porter, and I paid for it.
COURT. Q. Where did you get the money? A. I had it in my pocket; it has not been repaid.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SEAGER
               



            . I am superintendent of the ward of Aldersgate. I know Zimmerman - he is a gun-polisher, and works generally for the trade; he is a hard working, industrious, sober man; I applied to him to assist me in detecting the prisoners, or any other person selling counterfeit coin; he acted under my direction on the 4th and 5th of May - on the 6th he came to my house, about nine o'clock in the morning; Bates searched him in my presence - I marked two shillings and gave them to him; I marked them so that I should know them again, and told him to go to Little Britain, and by no means to go out of my sight, but wait till Cronch came, who had appointed to meet him there that morning - Bates was in company with me - he waited at a public-house till three o'clock in the afternoon; we were waiting at a public-house opposite, till Cronch joined him - they then went on towards the Blue coat school; I followed, in company with Bates, till we came to Montague-court, and there I turned up and waited a few minutes - I saw Crouch set down by the side of Welch, on the coping which supports the iron railing - the witness was standing; Crouch got up in a minute or two; I saw him speak to Welch, who put her hand under her frock, and gave him something; I do not know what - I then saw the witness give Cronch something, which he transferred to Welch; they then went into the Blue coat school-yard - Welch remained outside; I then crossed from Montague-court, and looked through the iron railing; in the mean time I saw Crouch give something to the witness - Bates seized Crouch, and the witness proceeded on at a quick pace, but I went and took him; he gave me these eight shillings, much in the same state they are now in - they were not in paper; I marked them - Zimmerman went about his business; I saw Bates scuffling with the prisoner in the yard - I saw Bates pick up one shilling, and a blue coat boy picked up another; I then took the prisoner to the Compter -Bates searched him, and I searched him afterwards; nothing was found on him - I said,
"You thought you were very cunning, did you not?" he said," I get my living in an honest way; I serve the hospital" - I believe that was all that passed; not finding any thing on Crouch, and knowing that the money had passed from Zimmerman, we thought Welch had got them - we took her under the archway of Bartholomew-hospital; two women were with her - seeing her so young a girl we thought she might be acting under instructions; we took them all three to a public-house, and upon Welch we found nineteen bad shillings, 7s. 6d. good money, and 5 1/2d. in copper; two of the good ones were those I had marked in the morning; these are them - they are marked in the middle of the letter G.; I also found on her fifteen half-crowns - the money was in a double pocket, under her frock; the good money was on the left side, and the bad on the right - here is the counterfeit money.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you followed this reputable employment? A. I have been superintendent of the ward some time - I have been about four months looking after these kind of persons; the ward employ me- I am not employed by the Mint; this was voluntary on my part - I consider it my duty to prevent crime; I do not encourage persons to go and entrap others - I get nothing for this whatever but my pay; these two shillings were my own money - I have never received any thing, nor do I expect any thing; I solemnly declare on my oath that not one word has passed between me and any officer of the Mint on this subject - I do not know whether the blue coat boy is here; I did not bring him - I left it to those who had the conducting of this business; I have known the witness six or eight years - I met him at my brother's, and told him I wanted him to do this business - he volunteered at once; though I was satisfied with his honesty, I thought it my duty to search and watch him - I kept him in sight all the way, till he came to the Blue coat school-yard.
MR. SCARLETT. Q. I understand for about four months your attention has been drawn to some transactions of this nature? A. Yes - I consider it my duty as an officer to look after these people, and to give information to the officers of the Mint - I am not in any other way employed by them; I am paid for the time I am in attendance by the County or the city; I believe expences of witnesses are usually paid.


                  THOMAS 
                  BATES
               



            . I am superintendent of the ward of Aldersgate; I have heard Seager's evidence - it is perfectly true: while I was scuffling with Crouch he was trying to shake something from his right-hand, which was 2s.; I seized him with one arm - I was picking a shilling up when Seager advanced; I thought one had rolled down a grating, but a blue coat boy named Burns gave it to me - these are them; they have not been out of my possession since I seized them in his hand; as soon as I took one up I saw it was bad - I took Welch, and found on her those two shillings, which I had marked before.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in this employ? A. No time at all, but it is my duty as an officer; we have so many complaints in the ward of Aldersgate - every shopkeeper is burthened with bad coin; I took 
               
                  George 
                  Fowler
               



             on the 19th of April - it was my own voluntary act; I expect nothing for it - it has cost me money out of my own pocket; the coin was not in paper - I believe it was open in her hand; I was nearest the witness, when he gave his evidence, and did not hear the word"paper" - there was not time to fold them in paper; I made application for the Blue coat boy to come, but it is not allowed unless an application is made from a Magistrate.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . These shillings are all counterfeit, the eight and the two - they are cast in a mould, and are the same metal; good shillings are milled.
Crouch's Defence. I never did any thing of the kind; I never got my living that way - I never was in confinement in my life.
CROUCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
WELSH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
