



702. 




JAMES SULLY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of Febrauary, 5 locks, value 1l.; 55 tiles, value 17s.; 14 screw tools, value 17s.; 25 chisels, value 14s.; 20 taps, value 14s.; 21 turning screw, value 13s.; 25 lbs. of steel, value 17s.; 17 hooks and eyes, value 12s.; 27 drills, value 12s.; 500 screw, value 9s.; 4 squares, value 8s.; 4 hammers, value 6s.; 46 bolts, value 4s.; 56 nuts, value 3s.; 2 pairs of spring dividers, value 4s.; 1 pair of compasses, value 3s.; 3 rimers, value 7s.; 30 wooden handles, value 3s.; 1 drill brace, value 3s.; 2 grinders, value 3s.; 1 mandrill, value 2s.; 8 iron springs, value 3s.; 6 punches, value 2s.; 1 pair of tongs, value 1s.; 2 screw bolts, value 1s.; 1 breast-plate, value 1s.; 1 locket, value 1s.; 21 lbs. of brass, value 1s.; 2 lbs. of copper, value 1s. 6d.; 9 sheets of emery paper, value 6d.; 9 sheets of glass paper, value 6d.; 1 ladle, value 6d.; 2 brass castings, value 2d.; the goods of 



Robert Dewer and another his masters.



MR. CLARKSON
Conducted the prosecution.





ROBERT DEWER
. I am in partnership with my brother, Ebenezer Dewer. We are founders and smiths, and live in Old-street—we make tools—the prisoner was our apprentice for nearly five years—in the course of the last two years I have missed a great many tools—in consequence of information which I received on Thursday, the 11th of February, I went to the station-house and got two constables—Warton, another of my apprentices, accompanied me—Pierce at that time was a workman of mine, and lived at No. 8, Wilson-street, Old-street-road—I went to that house with Warton and the two policemen, and in the lower room of that house I found a quantity of tools on the floor, and some in a box—I knew some of them to be ours—I selected such as I knew, and gave Pierce into custody—after that I took a constable back with me to my own manufactory, and took the prisoner into custody—I told him I believed he had got some of my tools—he said he had not—he afterwards said he had got some of them—I said I had found some of our tools at Pierce's house, and Pierce had said they belonged to Sully—the prisoner said he had not got any of our tools—that he had not taken any of out tools—I said Pierce said he had taken them, and that they were at Pierce's house—he said he had made some tools and taken them home with him, but he had made them in his own time—most of the tools I found at Pierce's had marks, but a chisel had my name on it—it was not present when I was speaking to him—there were screws among the tools and I know them by the paper they were wrapped in, the hand-writing of out clerk, who has left us, was on the paper—the prisoner had no authority to carry away any tools or articles from the premises, nor any authority to make tools on the premises.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long has Pierce been in your employment? A. I think about three or four months—he was in our employ at that time, and had the same opportunities of taking things as the prisoner—I believe some of the articles were produced to Sully—I cannot tell—I do not think the chisel was—we had not found all the tools at that time—a great portion of the things were left at Pierce's—I am not quite certain whether any tools were produced to the prisoner—these things were missed at various times; in fact, they were hardly kissed till we found them, we have such a number of tools—I missed a small tap called a bob before I found them—we missed them from time to time—there are two bolts which I had seen about a fortnight or three weeks before—I may not have seen some of the things for months before.





MATTHEW PLAK
 (police-constable G 98). I accompanied Mr. Dewer to Pierce's house, and assisted in removing property found there to the stations-house.






JOHN PIERCE
. I live at No. 8 Wilson-street, Old-street. I was in Mr. Dewer's employ for about three months—the prisoner and I worked together at the shop—about a fortnight previous to the discovery of these tools he told me he had got a great quantity of tools at Exeter—I asked him particularly if they belonged to him—he said he had bought the best part of them, and some his father had made—and he asked if I would allow him to bring them to my house—I said, if they all belonged to him I should have no objection—he said he would write a letter on the following Saturday night, and take it to his cousin the afterwards said he took the letter down himself to his cousin at the water-side) he came back to my house on the same Saturday night—I asked him if he took the letter—he said he did, that he had been onboard a long while, and had some wine and grog on board—he said the vessel was going to start the following day, and the tools were to come up the following week from Exeter—and on the following Monday week he told me the tools had been sent in a cart to Helmet-row—he asked if I would allow him to bring them to my house on the following Tuesday—he said he had been to a friend of his in Helmet-row, and all the tools had arrived—my house was afterwards searched—the tools had come to my house on the Tuesday night after the conversation on the Monday—I met the prisoner by appointment that night at the corner of Helmet-row—I engaged a truck and took Warton with me—the prisoner took me to a court in Helmet-row—to Harding's—and I assisted him out of the cellar with a box of tools into the truck—there was one good-sized box, and to the best of my knowledge two or three small ones—I took them to my house, and the prisoner unlocked them and put the tools on the ground—I had requested Warton to come with me to watch the truck from Helmet-row to my house, and to come in half an hour afterwards—I took Warton there, that if the tools belonged to Mr. Dewer he might give information—I took him as a witness—I had spoken to him on the Monday previous—I had a suspicion that they belonged to Mr. Dewer—when Warton came in, Sully saw him, and exclaimed, "I am done"—Warton said he had instructions from Mr. Dewer to come and inspect the tools, and if any resistance took place he would call a constable—it was a previous arrangement between Warton and me that he should say so—the prisoner begged of us not to tell—I requested Warton to come with me and acquaint Mr. Dewer his tools were in my house—Warton said he did not like that—I then proposed that the property should go back—and the prisoner said he would take all Mr. Dewer's property back—the property was selected the following evening—the prisoner filled all his pockets with the tools, which he said belonged to Mr. Dewer, and said he should take them all back to the shop the next morning—I took a great number of drills and turning tools from my house to Mr. Dewer's and put them into my cupboard—I was taken into custody the same day—I put them into my cupboard at Mr. Dewer's factory—the apprentice came to me that morning and asked if I had brought any tools back. and I believe on the following Friday a policeman took them—I put a mark on them—Mr. Dewer produced a chuck in the shop at the same time, and the drills fitted it—Mr. Dewer came to my house on Thursday, the 16th of February, I believe—I did not know the tools when I saw them seattered on my floor.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long have you been in Mr. Dewer service yourself? A. About three months—I was in Mr. Jackley's a machine-maker, for about four years before that—I left him in

consequence of the slackness of the trade, that was the only reason—I did not tell Mr. Dewer of this, because I did not like to implicate the prisoner—out of compassion—I desired Warton to go and do it—I did not like to do it myself, that was my only reason—the tools were brought to my premises on Tuesday night, it was arranged by the prisoner and Warton, that all the tools were to go back by Thursday, and I was to help them—I did not know for a certainty that they were stolen at the time I put them into my cupboard—I had a strong suspicion.

Q. Did you give one word of information to reach Mr. Dewer, till you yourself were taken up as the thief, the things being found in the cupboard, and part at your house? A. No; I did not—there are two bolts I can almost swear to; but Mr. Dewer makes so many of this sort, that I cannot say I can swear to them—I told Sully that I had requested Warton to inform of it—when the tools were brought to my house, I said he had a great number of tools—he said yes, and I think he said he would not take 100l. for all he had got—I asked him if all the tools belonged to him, and he said they did belong to him—I said nothing to him that night about acquainting Mr. Dewer of it—when they were all out on the floor, I said I had a strong suspicion they belonged to Mr. Dewer; and he said he would take all the property back, that night—I am sure of that, and also on Wednesday night—Warton was present—I believe he said that after I had told Warton to inform Mr. Dewer—the prisoner did not hear me tell Warton to inform Mr. Dewer—I whispered it to him on the Tuesday night—I spoke very low—I requested Warton to come with me and acquaint Mr. Dewer of it, as he had more influence with Mr. Dewer than I had, and I thought it better for him to come with me—he said he did not like—if he had consented, I think I should have gone.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Before you went to help him with the tools from the trunk, had you spoken to Warton, and asked him to come there to watch? A. I had, on the previous Monday.





GEORGE WARTON
. I am an apprentice to Messrs. Dewer. I received information from Pierce on Monday, the 8th of February, and went to his house on the following Tuesday, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening—I saw some tools on the floor—I had made an arrangement with Pierce what I was to do; in consequence of which, when I came into the room, I told the prisoner I was authorized by Mr. Dewer to come and examine the tools—I was not—the prisoner saud, "I am done"—before that I had been with Pierce, to hire a truck, and saw it taken to the corner of Helmet-row—I had been watching for the purpose, and saw the prisoner join Pierce—they went up a court in Helmet-row—I observed them come out with the truck, and go to Pierce's house; and after that I went there about half-past eight o'clock, according to arrangement—when the prisoner said, "I am done"—he asked me what I had come there for—I took up some of the tools, and said they belonged to Mr. Dewer—the prisoner said they did not, he had bought them—I said I knew they were Mr. Dewer's—he afterwards confessed that they were so—I saw a chisel with the name on it, and pointed it out, and he said he took it from the shop—Pierce said they should not be in his house—Pierce asked me to come with him to acquaint Mr. Dewer—I refused, because I thought if the tools were taken back by little and little, Mr. Dewer would know nothing about it, and he would have his property back again—I persuaded the prisoner to take them back—I first mentioned this to Mr. Dewer on the Thursday—I afterwards

saw some tools at the factory—I did not see who brought them back.

COURT. Q. How do you know they were the same? A. I saw Pierce sort some out on the Wednesday evening, and he brought them out on Thursday.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you see them at the factory afterwards? A. Yes—some drills—Pierce carried them to the factory—I afterwards saw Mr. Dewer apply the drills to some chisels which he had, and they fitted—I accompanied Mr. Dewer and the policeman to Pierce's house—they took what Mr. Dewer identified, and left the rest in charge of the policeman—I know the chisel to be Mr. Dewer's.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not Pierce himself that went to procure the truck, to take the things to Old-street? A. Yes—Pierce's room is about eight feet square—Pierce and the prisoner and I were on very good terms—we spoke openly together about the tools—the prisoner said he would take them back the next day.

Q. I believe Pierce told you to go and tell Mr. Dewer if he did not? A. Yes, he said he would take them back, sooner than that should happen—the prisoner did not hear what Pierce said to me about telling Mr. Dewer, that was done by ourselves—Pierce did not offer to go with me that night to inform Mr. Dewer, in the prisoner's presence—he whispered that into my ear—he said, "Will you come with me to Mr. Dewer tonight, and acquaint him of it?"—I said, "No"—I did not want to see him punished—the prisoner slept on Mr. Dewer's premises—I told the man who worked with me of it—I did not tell Mr. Dewer—the man's name is Mason—he is not here—I had known Pierce about two months—he worked there about three months, to the best of my knowledge—I had been to his house two or three times—I got the truck from Old-street—I do not know the number—it was a broker's.





GEORGE HANDING
. I live at No. 16, Helmet-row, St. Luke's. I have known the prisoner about five years—in the course of last summer he told me he had some tools deposited at Dawson's, in Old-street, part belonging to him, and some belonging to his father; and in consequence of a misunderstanding, he wished to remove them, and put them into my cellar, which I granted—and he brought, in my presence, one box and two tin boxes, but I do not know the contents—they remained at my house till the 9th of February, when the prisoner came between seven and eight o'clock, and said he came to fetch the tools away to a shopmate's house in Hackney-road—I did not see them removed, being busy at the time—I afterwards found they were gone—they had never been removed from my premises before from the time they were brought there.

Cross-examined. Q. How long before they were taken away had you seen them? A. Not within a fortnight, I should think—I cannot tell whether they had been opened in that time—the prisoner brought them to my house either in June or July.





THOMAS; HARDING
. I am the father of last witness, and board with him, and lodge in his house. I remember the prisoner bringing the tools to my son's—I suppose the prisoner was there five or six times between the tools coming and being taken away—I have given him a light, and seen him go down and put the things away when he has brought them—he went into the cellar where the boxes were.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not go with him? A. No, I cannot

tell what he did—he appeared going to look at the boxes—he had nothing with him that I saw.

COURT. Q. Did you never see him with any article, when he came or went from your house? A. Yes, he had things in his pocket, and went into the cellar, and put them out—I did not observe what it was he had—I have never sworn that I did—I gave him a light to take the things down which he brought in his pocket—they were a kind of screws or something—I cannot say what—he brought some in his hat—I cannot say what tools they were.





ROBERT DEWER

re-examined. I told the prisoner that I had found some tools at Pierce's, and that Pierce said they belonged to him—he said he had not taken any at first, but afterwards said he had taken some, and that he had made some and taken them too—I found a great quantity of tools at Pierce's—I can speak positively to this tap or hob—my father had it many years before me—I cannot tell when I last saw it on the premises—here are a parcel of screws, which bear the date July 19, 1834, and the name of Knight, written on the paper by one of the clerks—I cannot say when I last saw them—here are two brass bushes, which I have every reason to believe are mine, by the dimensions of them—I cannot say we have lost them, because we keep a stock by us—here is a pair of spring dividers, which I am certain are mine—I cannot say when I had seen them last—here is a chisel, with my name partly obliterated—it is one of the prisoner would be likely to use—here is a screw tool—I cannot say when I saw this last—it is my property—I never sold it—I know then two bolts to be my property—I lost them about a fortnight before—I found them at Pierce's.

Cross-examined. Q. When was it that Pierce said some of the tools belonged to the prisoner? A. When I saw Pierce at his house, on Thursday, he said they did not belong to him, they belonged to the prisoner—that was at the moment I discovered them.

COURT. Q. When was it you found the drills in the possession of Pierce, in the cupboard? A. My brother found them the next day after I had taken them—Pierce had given me no information at all—they were tools Pierce and his mate used.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you hear Pierce give his evidence as to how the things got there? A. Yes; he said he took them back, and put them in the manufactory—he did not tell me he took them back—he has said so here—I understood that he took them back to the cupboard.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you make my comparison of the drills with a chuck? A. Yes, and they fitted—I got the chuck from my own manufactory—this is one of the drills I understand Pierce had brought back—I got it at the police-office—I believe the policeman took it from Pierce—I did not see it taken from him.





HENRY M'GFFS
. I am in Mr. Dewer's employ. I made the screws and bolts produced—I missed them about a fortnight before they were lost.

Cross-examined. Q. You have made a great many? A. I made sixty, and there were two missing—they are nut and screw—this is a screw-bolt.





GEORGE DAY
. I am foreman to Messrs. Dewer. Here are a pair of compasses which I know—they are the property of Mr. Dewer—I used them myself—they bear my initials—there are several chisels which I knew by the make of them, and having used them—they are my employee's.





MATHEW PEAK
. I am an officer. I accompanied Mr. Dewer to

Pierce's house, and removed the property to the station-house—I have produced it now—I told the prisoner I was going to take him for stealing a quantity of tools belonging to Mr. Dewer—he said he had not taken them—Mr. Dewer said he found a great many at Pierce's house—he then said he had brought some—Mr. Dewer said, "did you buy any screw tools or taps?"—he said, "No, I have made some in my own time—my dinner time—my leisure time—out of your stuff, Sir"—he said he had taken some—Mr. Dewer mentioned screw tools, and he said, "I have taken some."





EVAN DAVIS
. I am an officer. I accompanied the policeman to Mr. Dewer's—I was not present when Peak told him what he was charged with.





ROBERT DEWER

re-examined. This is a screw-bolt and nut—I found a great many screw tools at Pierce's—I should think from fifteen to twenty.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When did you miss these brass things? A. I cannot say—I remember seeing these two bolts on the premises within a fortnight—sixty were ordered, and when I wanted to send them home there were only fifty-eight—the two were found in the box at Pierce's house—Warton was with me there—I did not know where Pierce lived till Warton showed me.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not know they were stolen.

MR. DEWER. The prisoner said he took the tools—he afterwards said he intended to fit up a lathe, and that was the purpose for which he took the tools generally.
(Joseph Moulder, Galway-street, St. Luke's; Richard Whitaker, tin-plate-worker, Gee-street; Mary Cox; Ann Sully, the prisoner's aunt: and—Turner, gave him a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy.




Transported for Seven Years.
