



839. 




WILLIAM MILEHAM
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of February, 1 promissory note for the payment and value of£5, the property of 




Frederick Pilch.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK PILCH
. I am a journeyman cooper. On the 14th of february I was living in Petticoat-lane—the prisoner lodged in the same room with me—on the 14th of February I received, from Ipswich, a£5 note, of the Ipswich bank—I should know it from its general appearance—when I received it, the prisoner and two young men went with me to the Blue Boar-tap—I believe this is the note, (looking at it,) from its general appearance—I said it was an old looking note, and had a broken back—I have no doubt this is the note I received—the prisoner went with me to the tap on Wednesday evening—on Wednesday night the prisoner went to bed first, and not having had a good opportunity of reading the letter, I took the note out and read the letter—I put the note into the letter again, and put them into my box, which stood between the beds—the prisoner had an opportunity of seeing that—no one else was in the room, and no one else sleeps there—there is no lock to the box—I went to work the next morning between seven and eight o'clock—on the Saturday night I found the letter and bank-note were both gone—the prisoner continued to sleep there from Wednesday to Saturday—about half-past one o'clock on Sunday morning I heard a violent ringing at the door—I looked out, and saw the prisoner and two disorderly females—the prisoner was in liquor, and I gave him in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you know the number of the note? A. I do not—I have not brought any person here that does know the number—the house where I sleep is a hairdresser's shop below—he lets lodgings—there may be from seven to eight lodgers at a time—the box had no lock on it—I never saw the door locked—one of the lodgers is a tailor, another a pot-man at a public-house, one an old gentleman, who is a Jew—I do not know what he is—I do not know whether he carries a clothes bag—I really believe he is not an old clothes dealer—there is another old gentleman of the name of Jones—he is a very good man—I do not know what he is—he goes out in the morning—I think he is something of a messenger—there is Mr. Finch's men, who shaves in the shop—there are no ladies in the house—the prisoner was very much intoxicated on the Sunday night—the door had not been shut long, as I had been sitting up for him—he is a Norfolk man.

MR. DOANE. Q. Have you the slightest reason for suspecting any of the lodgers? A. No.





RICHARD RAY THORP
. I keep the Pitt's Head, in the Old Bailey. On Friday, the 16th of last month, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my house and asked me if I would give

him change for an Ipswich£5 note—I took it in my hand, and read it—it was like this—I believe this to be the same—(looking at it)—I returned it to him.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not know the number of it? A. No.





SAMSON GENESE
. My brother keeps an auctioneer's office in the Poultry—the prisoner came to me on the evening of Friday, the 16th of February, and asked if I had a dressing-case for about 1l.—he wanted change for a£5 country note—I asked him to let me look at the note—he produced a£5 Ipswich and Needham Bank note—I took the date of it—it was 12th month, 1834—this is the same note—I took such very particular notice of it—I took notice of the name of "Alexander" not being correctly printed, because the man was anxious to have the change, and he wanted me to give him 4l. for it, and then wanted me to lend him 2l.—the next morning I sent our porter to the banker's to know if the note was a good one—the next morning the prisoner came, and our man went with him to Barnett and Hoares, and he came back and showed me four sovereigns and two half sovereigns, and he went off.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not go with the porter to the banker's? A. Yes, he did—I do not know whether he was able to read—I suppose so—I had seen the prisoner before—I did not know his name till he was at the Mansion-house—I had seen him in our shop before—he was perfectly sober the night before.





HENRY STYLE
. I am porter to Samson Genese. On the morning of Saturday, the 17th of February, the prisoner went with me to Barnett and Hoares, in Lombard-street—I went to show him the way—the note was changed in a moment, and gold given for it, four sovereigns and two half sovereigns, by Mr. Cubitt.

Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner was known to your master before? A. I do not know—he offered it in change himself—I think he was drunk.





WILLIAM CRANFIELD CUBITT
. I am clerk to Barnett and Hoares. I gave change for this Ipswich note, which I have produced, on the 17th of February.




GUILTY.* Aged 52.—


Transported for Seven Years.
