



1402. 




JOHN JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of May, clock-case, value 3l., the goods of 



Joseph Coventry; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH COVENTRY
. I am a clock-case maker, and live at No. 60, Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell. On the 13th of May I gave Drury a clock-case to take to Mr. Payne, of Bond-street—he returned soon after, and gave me information—on the following Wednesday the prisoner was brought to my premises in custody, I sent for a policeman, and he was taken to the station-house—I appeared at Hatton-garden in the evening, and on my entering the office he called me aside, and asked the price of the clock—I case which was lost—I said 3l. or three guineas—he said, "If you and the policeman will walk with me, I will get you the three guineas"—I declined that.





EDWARD DRURY
. I am an apprentice of the prosecutor's. My master gave me a clock-case to take to Mr. Payne, in Bond-street—before I got there a man came and spoke to me in Liquorpond-street, Clerkenwell—he asked me where I was going, because I should get that wet—I was

standing up out of the rain—I told him I was going to take it to Mr. Payne's, in Bond-street—he then left me—I went towards Bond-street; and in Compton-street the prisoner came up to me—I had never seen him before—he said to me, "I have come from Mr. Payne, you are to give me that case to take to him, and you had better go back to your master"—I believed that—he took the case from me, and walked on—I walked by his side a little way—I watched him into Regent-street, and then I parted with him—he was a stranger to me—he did not run—I saw him in Clerkenwell on Wednesday, and asked him if he was not the man who took the clock-case from me in Compton-street—he said, "lam no such thing," and ran away—he was secured.





WILLIAM GRAY
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody—at the office he asked Mr. Coventry what the damage of the case was—he said three guineas—he said, "If you will go with me and the policeman, you shall have the money."

Prisoner. I never saw the boy in my life before.





HENRY THURSTON
. I am a policeman. I have a copy of the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction (read)—he is the same person—I was a witness at the trial.




GUILTY
 Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
