






1451. 
               
                  JANE 
                  HUMPHRIES
               




             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     KEMPSHAW
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, 1 copper-boiler, value 8s., and 1 tea-kettle, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hinton
                  




               
             and another.
JAMES WHEELER. I am a waiter to 
               
                  John 
                  Hinton
               



             and Robert Bailey, at the Eyre Arms tavern, St. John's Wood


. On the 15th of June we had the Marylebone anniversary dinner, and had a great deal of water boiled that afternoon for tea and grog; we did not miss these articles till the Policeman came, and told us he had two women in custody.

JOHN HEWSON. I met the two prisoners in Grove-end-road, between twelve and one o'clock at night, together; Humphries had this boiler and Kempshaw the kettle - I asked what they had - they said Nothing; I insisted upon seeing what it was, and they said they had it from Mr. Hinton's.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you tell that to the Magistrate? A. Yes; and Mr. Rawlinson asked if they were covered, and I told him the second time that they were wrapped up; I did not say they had them openly, to the best of my recollection.
JAMES WHEELER. These are our property; this boiler has been lately mended - I have used it four or five years.
Cross-examined. Q.Where were they deposited that night? A. On the stove adjoining the house; it is an open place - I should think we had fourteen or fifteen additional waiters; I do not know whether one of them was rather familiar with one of these women.
HUMPHRIES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
KEMPSHAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Confined One Month
            .
