




353. 




JAMES NORTON
 was indicted

, for that he, on the 
23rd of November, at St. Giles's-in-the-Fields, upon 



Gilbert Chesnutt, feloniously did make an assault, and feloniously did threaten him, to accuse him of having attempted and endeavoured to commit with him the abominable crime of by, with a view and intent thereby to extort from him divers of his monies, and by intimidating him by the threat aforesaid, did feloniously extort and gain from him 1 sovereign, 1 crown, 2 half-crowns, 4 shillings, and 2 sixpences, his monies.—2nd COUNT,. for robbery of the like monies.—3rd COUNT,. for feloniously assaulting and demanding, with menaces, from the said 



Gilbert Chesnutt, his monies, with intent to steal them.


MESSRS. CLARKSON. and
BODKIN. conducted the Prosecution.





REV. GILBERT CHESNUTT
. I am a minister of the Church of England, and am curate of Trinity Church, Borough; I reside in Trinity-square. I came to reside in London about Whitsuntide, 1831, and knew the prisoner four or live months afterwards—he is a tailor, and I employed him to make clothes—that was the way I first knew him—he has not been in the habit of applying to me to lend him money until recently—he used to apply to me for orders, but not very frequently—he first applied to me to lend him money about last Easter—he pleaded great poverty—I rejected him several times, at last, seeing him in distress, I gave him a trifle—about three weeks before her Majesty's coronation, I was coming out of my church, and under the portico, the prisoner came up to me and asked if I could not give him a job, and if I could not, to lend him, or let him have money—I had lent him once before, perhaps, five or six shillings—I refused on this occasion, and he said, "I have something very important to communicate to you, and wish you to meet me at some place, as it is something which affects your character"—that was the first time he ever made any communication of that sort to me—I said, "There is nothing between us which calls for such a meeting, and I shall not come"—he then said, "You had better come; if you do not, you will rue the day as long as you live,"or words to that effect.

Q. Did that have the effect on your mind to induce you to meet him? A. It had, and I met him, either that, or the following evening, (I forget which,) near the Eagle-tavern, City-road—when I saw him, he said, "Walk this way"—I followed him, and after we got into rather a lonely place, he said, "Can you not lend me some money, or give me some money"—I said, "You have no claim on me, I cannot do so; you can have no money from me"—he then said, "I am now going to say something of very great importance to you, and it is no use your calling out for help, or giving me into the hands of the police, for if you do, remember I am armed—and if you do, by G—d I will have my revenge; and if you do not assist me, I will say you took indecent liberties with me some time ago"—he was exceedingly excited while saying this—he threw his arms about, and used violent gesticulation—I thought he was going to attack me—it was a lonely spot—I was so completely paralysed and overcome, I scarcely knew what I was about—I was induced, in consequence of that threat, to give him some money on the spot—I am not certain how much I gave him, it was perhaps from ten to fifteen shillings.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you at all on terms of intimacy and conviviality with the prisoner? A. By no means—I never went with him to any tavern till three or four weeks ago, when I was in such a state of intimidation, I went into a respectable tavern near Tottenham-court-road,

merely to get rid of him, not knowing what to do—I was not in the habits of intimacy with him—I was never in any tavern or place of that description with him before Easter—I never went by any other name—I have never walked arm in arm with him in the street.

Q. Were you ever at his house before the time you speak of having given him that 10s. or 15s.? A. To give him an order, for no other purpose—he came once to my house to solicit an order—that is the only time—he did not stay with me any time, nor have any refreshment.

Q. Have you a friend of the name of Hall? A. No—I know a clergyman of that name.

Q. Had you any books belonging to your friend Mr. Hall in your library? A. It is very likely I might have—I frequently have, but I cannot say whether I had at that moment—I should not think I had any considerable number of his books—I am occasionally in the habit of receiving books from him—when the prisoner came to my house he first went into the parlour where my books are—I do not call it a library—I then went up into my drawing-room, it was just before Easter, when he began to be troublesome in soliciting money—that was before I paid him the 10s. or 15s.,—as he was beginning to be troublesome I went up into my drawing-room, and asked him what he meant by so frequently coming to ask me for money—I went up to the drawing-room as I did not know what be might say—he had become very troublesome then, but he had not at that time made use of any threat.

COURT. Q. What do you mean by troublesome, importuning you for money? A. Asking me to lend him money, or give him a job.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did he appear in distress? A. He appeared very distressed and very shabby—I believe it was about four or five o'clock in the afternoon when he came to my house—I did not tell him any thing about the books belonging to Mr. Hall—we did not have any gin and water on that occasion nor on any other occasion—I never told him that I had obtained my appointment through my wife's brother—I never told him how I obtained it—I have the curacy of Trinity Church—my wife's brother solicited it for me----I was never in any tavern with the prisoner previous to this time—I do not know the Cider Cellars, Maiden-lane—I was never in any tavern in the Strand with him—I know there are such places—I cannot tell what money the 10s. or 15s. was I gave him—I called on him in King-street before that time—I did not call on him anywhere else before that time—I called in Macclesfield-street to give him orders when I first came up to town.

Q. You say you were extremely paralysed, and completely overcome, and scarcely knew what you were about—how came you to go. to that lonely spot? A. He said, "Walk this way"—I was under the intimidation of the meeting—he made the demand that I should meet him.

Q. At that time he had not charged you with any thing? A. He had told me it was a circumstance affecting my character, and I should rue the day if I did not meet him.

Q. Why not tell him he might as well tell you there what it was? A. I was under great intimidation—he had before solicited for orders or money. Q. Were you afraid of any blow being struck? A. I was—he was close to me—he did not strike me at all, but he threw his arms about and made actions as if he was going to attack me—I gave him the money within two or three minutes of his saying he would charge me with indecent liberties.


Q. Did you give him the money fearing he would make a charge of that kind, or from fear that he would strike you in that lonely place, or from both jointly? A. Both jointly.

COURT. Q. From personal fear and the attack on your character? A. Yes—he had told me he was armed.

MR. PAYNE. Q. He did not produce any pistol? A. No—I saw no arms—I did not inform any policeman.

MR. BODKIN. Q. When at last did you cause him to be taken into custody? A. Last Monday night—I went to the Magistrate and got a warrant—I am married and have three children.





WILLIAM MITCHELL
. I am an officer of Marylebone. On the evening of the 17th of December, between six and seven o'clock, I took the prisoner into custody at No. 242, Tottenham-court-road, at a coffee-shop—I read him the warrant on which I apprehended him, and then he said, "I never accused Mr. Chesnutt of any crime whatever, nor did I intimidate him for the purpose of obtaining money from him—the money I have received from him he gave to me because he knew I was in distress"—I went to him on the Wednesday before, at the same place, with my brother officer Jones, and heard him ask the prisoner what charge he had against Mr. Chesnutt, or what it was he wanted of him—he said he had no charge whatever to make against him.

REV. G. CHESNUTT. re-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. As a clergyman, and on the solemn oath you have taken to-day, is there a Syllable of truth in the suggestion made by the prisoner, that any thing improper took place between him and you? A. There is not the slightest foundation for it.

JURY. Q. What was the time the meeting took place near the Eagle? A. It was about three or four weeks before the Coronation—I came from Shropshire to London.
(Evan Thomas, artificial flower-maker, Great Newport-street; William Poole, coffee-house keeper, No. 242, Tottenham-court-road; and William Harrison, tailor, Lee-street, Red Lion-square; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
 on the 2nd and 3rd Counts. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fifteen Years on the 2nd Count.
