



1256. 




GEORGE MATTHIAS HOWARD



 was indicted for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Parker, on the 
26th of April, at 
Twickenham, and stealing therein 1 jacket, value 2s.; 1 razor, value 1s., and 3 printed books, value 1s., his good, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH PARKER
. I am the wife of Joseph Parker, we live in a house by ourselves on Twickenham-common. On the 26th of April, I went out about three o'clock—I fastened the door and hung the key behind the shutters—I locked the house up—I returned at about five o'clock, and found the key where I had left it—I went into the house and missed a book almanack, a jacket, a razor, and two other books from the back kitchen cupboard—the prisoner lives about eight or nine doors from me with his parents, who are labouring people—I did not find any part of the house broken—I suppose he must taken the key from behind the shutters, and got in—I do not know whether he had ever seen me put the key there—I have never found my property.





SARAH HANNAH BROWN
. I live two doors from Mrs. Parker, on the Common. On the 26th of April, I borrowed a pan of her, and took it

home about a quarter past three o'clock—she was not at home—I saw the prisoner in her yard, and asked if Mrs. Parker was at home—he said, "No, she is just gone out"—I left the pan and returned home—I went back again in about half an hour, and he was still there—I went home and in a quarter of an hour after I saw him at the gate—I never saw him with any property.





MARY SEARLE
. I live about six doors from Mrs. Parker. I went to Mrs. Howards on the 26th of April, about three o'clock, and saw the prisoner at his mother's with a book almanack—his brother asked him how he came by it—he said he gave a man one penny for it; and last sunday week, I saw him with a blue jacket—his brother was trying it on in his mother's house, two or three doors from Mrs. Parker's.





WILLIAM ALLAWAY
. I am a policeman. On Tuesday, the 3rd of May, I was informed of the robbery, and went to the prisoner's mother's. I saw him at the back of the house, and told him I wanted him about the jacket and books of Mrs. Parker's—he said he knew nothing about it, that he bought a book of drunken man who had the things to sell—I showed him this almanack, which I found there, and asked him if that was the book—he said it was.

MRS. PARKER
re-examined. It is my almanack. I know it by a little piece torn out of the corner—I left it in the cupboard when I went out—I lost a blue jacket—I have not seen that nor the razor since—there are two windows in front to my house, and two backwards—one window was up.





SARAH HANNAH BROWN

re-examined. When the prisoner came out of the gate the third time, he had something concealed under his jacket, which was buttoned up, and stuck out, but I could not see anything under it.





WILLIAM CAMPBELL
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace at Clerkenwell (read)—I was a witness, and know he is the same boy.

Prisoner. I was never in the woman's house.




GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years.
