







376.
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COCKRAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HOBBS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December

, 1 pair of trousers, value 6s., and 1 waistcoat, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Nathan
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JACOBS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; and that, at the delivery of his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, on Thursday, the 10th of September, in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said William Cockran was convicted of felony.


                  HUMPHREY 
                  COHEN
               



            . I live three doors from Mr. Nathan's shop on the other side of the way - his house is at the corner of Tylor's-court



. On the 8th of December I was going through Tylor's-court, to go home, and when I got within a yard or two of the end, I heard Hobbs say,"Not yet," which induced me to think something was going on; when I got to the end of the court, into Berwick-street, I turned. and saw Cockran in company with another man taller than himself - I went on to my own house, and saw Cockran with his hands up against the prosecutor's window; the other man pulled down something, and they went off together - Hobbs was not more than three yards from them; when they got to the end of the court, they said to Hobbs, who followed them, "You stop here" - I walked after them, to see if I could see a Police-man; I heard Hobbs say, "Don't be long" - the two men then went to Jacob's shop; I stopped outside, and saw them show her a pair of trousers, which she appeared to purchase, as I saw some money pass - I went on, and saw a Police-serjeant; we went to Jacob's shop, and knocked two or three times, but could not get in - when we got in we found Hobbs there with them; I said."These are the two men who took the trousers, and Mrs. Jacobs, you have bought them" - I saw the tall man shuffling off to the back of the shop, and I said to the Police-man, "Do your duty;" he said, "Go to our station for some of our men" - I went, and there were none there.
Cockran. Q.Did not you say it was the shortest man took the trousers, and ran into the shop? A. Yes, and I say so now.
EDWARD HEDGES. I am a Police-serjeant. Cohen fetched me to the shop; I found Cockran, Hobbs, and Mrs. Jacobs: I took them, the trousers, and the money, three half-crowns, a sixpence, and 2 1/2d., to the office - the waistcoat has not been found.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NATHAN
               



            . These are my trousers, and were taken from my shop.
Cockran's Defence. I have been keeping company with this young woman for twelve months; I called and asked her to go to buy a shirt at Jacobs' - when I got there a short man in a dark coat was in the shop; I asked for the shirt, and she showed me one; while I was there they came and knocked at the door; the other man rushed out at the back of the house, and the officer said, "You are my prisoner;" I said, "What for?" he said, "You have sold a pair of trousers;" I said I had not; I gave the shirt back, and would not have it then.
Hobbs' Defence. This man asked me to go with him, and the officer came and took us.


                  JOHN 
                  HAGGERSTONE
               



            . I am an officer. I produce a certificate of the conviction of William Cockran, on the 10th of September, in the 10th year of His Majesty's reign, by the name of William Cox, for stealing a set of fire-irons - he was sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment in the House of Correction - I took him, and know he is the man.
COCHRAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
HOBBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JACOBS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
