






1874. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     SLOANE
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     RUGG
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, 1 spoon, value 3s.
            , the goods of Sir


                     Thomas 
                     Tyrwhitt
                  




               
            , Knt.


                  CHARLES 
                  LETHBRIDGE
               



            . I was servant to Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tyrwhitt
               



             on the 4th of this month. This spoon is his property, and was missing, but I did not know it till the Policeman brought it back - I know nothing of the prisoner; I had seen the spoon safe on the Sunday before.


                  SARAH 
                  GOSS
               



            . I saw the spoon in the bosom of 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Sloane
               



            , in Abingdon-street


, not far from Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tyrwhitt
               



            's house - I think it was on Monday; it was a day or two before I went to the Magistrate - I did not observe very particularly what she had; I did not see the other prisoner - I do not know whether this is the spoon; I only saw the head of it - it was at half-past six o'clock in the morning.


                  SIMEON 
                  BENJAMIN
               



            . I am errand-boy to Mr. Solomon, a jeweller, Rugg came to his shop about nine o'clock, on the 5th of October, and asked us to buy this spoon - I weighed it, and gave her half a crown for it - she said she had found it; I put it into the till to show my master - I saw it again in about five minutes, when the Policeman came; I am sure I gave him the same spoon.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACKENZIE
               



            . I am the Policeman. I went to the house in Princes-street, and got this spoon - I was going down the street, and saw the two prisoners together; I saw Sloane give something to Rugg, who went into the shop; the other stood opposite - I waited till she came out; I then went and asked them what they got for the spoon; they said, "What spoon?" I said I had seen her selling a spoon in the shop as I passed by - I again asked what they got for it, and Rugg said 2s. 3d., and as we were going into the shop, she put 3d. into Sloane's hand, and said 2s. 6d., and they had found it in St. Giles' - I got the spoon, and found whose crest it was at the College of Arms.


                  SARAH 
                  GOSS
               



            . I serve the family of Sir Thomas Tyrwhitt, with milk - I went to the house that morning, and Sloane carried my pails; she waited in the kitchen while I put the milk into the basin - after we had left, I saw the spoon, and asked where she got it; she said a lady where her mother lived had sent her half a dozen.


                  CHARLES 
                  LETHBRIDGE
               



            . There were only four of these spoons out, and one had been on the dresser.
SLOANE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RUGG - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
