



2394. 




JAMES LONG
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



James Jennings, on the 
29th of July, at St. Olave, Southward, and cutting and wounding him upon the chin and left side of the face and nose, with intent to maim and disable him.—2d COUNT, stating his intent to be to do him some grievous bodily harm.—3d COUNT, with intent to resist his lawful apprehension and detainer.


MR. PAYNE.conducted the Prosecution.






MARGARET NEYLAN
. I live in Unicorn-yard, Tooley-street. The prisoner lived with me for seven years, off and on—he lived with me when he was sent to prison in July, 1838, for assaulting me and Kinsey, the officer—he came out of prison on the 5th of July last, and came to my house that night—I had a constable taking care of my house at the time, as I was away—on the 29th I was at my front-door, near upon two o'clock is the morning—I did not see the prisoner myself—he was in the next house—he got on the wash-house, and came over from the next house—when I went in doors I found him sitting down on a chair near the door—I said nothing to him, but he called me abusive names, caught hold of me by the throst, and tried to strangle me—he made a mark on my throat with holding it, and he struck me violently and knocked me down—I have marks of his violence now on my face and neck—I called out, "Murder" and "Police"—my son opened the door—he is nine years old—Jennings, the policeman, came in and caught hold of the prisoner—he got him away, and I got up stairs—I heard a great scuffle between them down stairs after I got up—I came down directly and s'aw them outside, both lying down in the kennel struggling together—I saw Mrs. Morgan pick up this knife about the spot where they were on the ground—I had seen it in the prisoner's possession before, and know it is his knife—Jennings's face was covered with blood.

Prisoner. She was beastly in liquor that night—she could not stand for liquor—Jennings was off his duty an hour and a half with her. Witness. I was not intoxicated—I had not been out! drinking with Jennings.





JAMES JENNINGS
.(police-constable M 59.) About two o'clock in the morning of the 30th of July, I was coming up Vine-yard, Tooley-street, and heard the cry of "Murder" and "Police"—I went into Unicorn-yard, where the cry came from—I heard screams inside the house, No. 1, and knocked at the door—it was not opened directly—I said if it was not opened I should break it open, and in half a second a little boy opened it—I went in and saw the prosecutrix on her back, and the prisoner with his left hand on her throat—he had something in his right hand, what it was I could not tell—I told him that would not do for me—knowing him well, I

said, "I shall take you out of this;" and took him out of the house—he said, "I want my pipe, I shall go in"—I said, "You shall not go in again"—he said, "I will let you know," (with a very heavy oath)—"that I will go in"—I said, "Bill, you shall not go in"—he said, "Then, bl—y Itty, by G—you shall have a bit of this, before you shall take me" which was a knife he had in his right hand—we then scuffled together—I threw him, and I was upwards—while he was on the ground he drew the knife right across my face, which you can see the scars of—he stabbed or cut roe right through the nose, and cut me from the ear right to the nose—there are four distinct marks in my face from the ear to my throat—it was intended as one cut, but the hair of my whisker checked it, and it made four marks, and afterwards he cut me right through the nostril—I sprang my rattle two or three times—Murray came up to my assistance while I was holding him—the prisoner knew I was an officer—I had not drank with the woman at all that night—the prisoner had come out of prison on the 6th of July.

Prisoner. Q. On that night did not you see me and Margaret come out of a public-house? A. No, I do not think I saw herat all that night—you did not say to her, "Are you coming home?"—nor did she say, "I shall not come home with you"—it is not true—I do not recollect seeing her that night at all, till I heard the screams.

Prisoner. I came home with my cousin and stopped an hour and a half—a girl told me she was along with Jennings, who was off his beat—I could not find him—she was always with him—I went after her, but could sot see her—when she came home I said, "You have been with Jennings?"—she said, "I have not"—I said, "You had better go to bed"—I went out for an hour, and when I came in again she began to abuse me and bit my finger—I then threw her down to get away—I opened the door to Jennings myself—the boy never opened it—he came in and said, "What is all this about?"—I said, "It is not my fault, she has called murder for no reason"—Jennings was in liquor at the time—he has always been in the house with her when I came home at night—she keeps a common brothel—she was in prison for seven days at the time I came out of prison. Witness. It was the boy opened the door, and the prisoner was holding her down in the passage with his hand on her throat—I was not in liquor—I have been in the police three years and a half—I have never been charged with being drank—the prisoner was tried at the Town Hall before—I believe he has not been out of prison above five or six months during the last six years.





DONALD MURRAY
.(police-constable M 119.) I heard the rattle spring on the night in question—I went to Unicorn-yard, and saw the prisoner and Jennings struggling together—I observed Jennings's face all over blood, and cuts on it—I took the prisoner away from him, and brought him to the station-house—he said he had been sent twelve months to Brixton for nothing, and he hoped he had done something now worthy of punishment, and if I had not come up, he would have done for Jennings.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you tell me you saw no knife in my hand? A. I did not see any knife in his hand, because he was lying under Jennings, so that I could not.





MARY MORGAN
. I am the wife of Thomas Morgan, and live in Unicorn-square. I picked up a knife close to where the prisoner and Jennings were struggling together—I saw them struggling—the knife was open—I gave it to sergeant Rowe.






JOHN STADDEN
. I am a surgeon, and live in Union-street. I examined Jennings on the morning of the 3rd of July—I found a cut on the left side of his nose, perforating the nostril—a wound under the upper lip, another on the left side of the mouth, and one by the left ear—they were such wounds as this knife might have produced—it appeared to me that the knife had glanced off by the whisker or bone, but I think there had been more than one cut—the knife appeared to have struck against the angle of the lower jaw, and in the struggle, a man lowering his head might have prevented its going lower.

Prisoner. Q. Was not my head cut? A. I did not see him till he was at the office—he had some dressing on his head as if he had been injured.

Prisoner's Defence. On this night Jennings came to the door and knocked—I opened it—Margaret was up stairs—I let him in—he said, "What are you about?"—I said, "Nothing at all, she is drunk, but you have been with her, and are drunk too"—he said, "I am b—d if I will have your nonsense, you come out"—he took out his staff, dragged me out, knocked me down with his staff into the kennel, and fell on the top of me—I had no knife in my possession—the policeman said he saw two or three women over us with a knife in their hands, and now he denies it—I had no knife—I was knocked down senseless, and I used no knife.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

