



231. 




WILLIAM MORGAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of December, 26lbs. weight of lead, value 7s., the goods of 



Joseph Cullen; and fixed to a certain building; against the Statute, &c.






WILLIAM COLEMAN
 ( police-constable D 42.) On Sunday, the 4th of December, about half-past 6 o'clock in the evening, I went into the lower part of a building in Dorchester-place, Dorset-square, and heard a noise on the roof, like a rattling among the slates—I could not get up on the roof—I waited and listened very attentively—I heard the slates being removed, and the lead being pulled up from the gutters—I waited for the parties coming down, and in about half an hour saw two persons come through the trap-door, down the timbers which are fixed for the stairs—I got outside the door, concealed myself close by a window, and saw them come to the first floor—the prisoner came across on the joist to the window where I stood—his companion went to a window in a different front—the prisoner looked out, caught sight of me, and directly drew in, and get into a corner of the building—I

went and called to him to know what he did there—he made no reply—I called to him six times, at last he said he went there to sleep; and then he removed from the corner into a recess—I saw him take from his bosom a piece of lead and put down—he moved from there towards the other, who stood in the fire-place—I immediately saw the other take form his bosom another piece of lead, and put it down in the fire-place with a knife—I could see this by the reflection of a gas light—I called to them to come down, and said I would not move till they came out of the building—at last the prisoner slid down by a piece of quartering, and I took him into custody—the other, seeing this, made his retreat by the partition to the roof—I kept the prisoner till my sergeant came, and then gave him into his custody—he brought me a lamp—I procured a short ladder, and got on the roof—I found the lead in the recess on the first floor, where the prisoner had stood, and in the fire-place another piece and a knife—on the roof I found three or four more small pieces of lead cut ready to be taken away—at the back of the building I found a ladder placed to enable any body to get up and down, but not without danger—I conclude the other man had gone away down that ladder—I matched the lead to the roof and it fitted—I found a knife on the prisoner—on Saturday, the 3rd of December, having noticed several suspicious characters about, I discovered nearly 2cwt. of lead stolen from these premises.





JOSEPH CULLEN
. I live in Hanover-place, Park-road, Marylebone. The building in question belongs to me—I have examined the roof, and miss above 4cwt. of lead, which had injured the place to the amount; of between 20l. and 30l.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
