





591. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  OSBORNE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, 1 hamper, value 6s.; 8 bottles, value 1s.; 6 quarts of wine, value 24s.; 2 puddings, value 5s.; 1 sausage, value 2s., and 1 box of water colours, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Winstanley
               




            .
THOMAS JAMES. I am a coachmaker. On the 11th of February, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Mecklenburgh-square


 - I saw a carrier's cart with a tilt over it; the prisoner and another person were there - I saw the prisoner jump into the cart twice; his companion was on the side of him - the cart then went on, and stopped in Gray's Inn-lane; the prisoner looked in again, but did not take any thing - he followed it on to Holborn, then got up, and took a hamper; he carried it up Holborn, called a coach, and got in - I ran, and took hold of him; he dropped the hamper and said, "Take this;" I took it - he got into the coach, and drove away - I met a Policeman, and told him; but he would not take him, because he said he was not on duty - I met another, who ran after the coach and took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner - I asked him if it was his property; he said Yes, and I took him to the watch-house - I produce the hamper, which contains the articles stated.
WILLIAM HARVEY. I am messenger and porter to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Winstanley
               



            . I packed up this hamper, which contained the articles stated - I did not send it by the carrier, but it was sent.
JOHN WILLIAMSON. This cart was mine - I took up the hamper in Mecklenburgh-square, at Mr. Winstanley's- I stopped in Gray's Inn-lane to take up a parcel; I stopped again in Holborn, and soon after the hamper was taken - I did not hear of it, nor miss it till the next morning, when I looked over my things.
Prisoner's Defence. James has been placed as I am now for some linen; if I had allowed him to go halves in the property this would not have happened.
THOMAS JAMES. It is a great untruth - I was in Clerkenwell for an assault once; I should know the person who was with him if I saw him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
