





112. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, 11 lace veils, value 60l.; 20 other lace veils, value 18l.; 59 lace caps, value 5l., and 100 yards of bobbinnet, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Price 
                           Mottram
                        



                     
                  ; 494 yards of bobbin lace, value 17l.; 109 yards of silk lace, value 2l. 12s., and 18 lace veils, value 11l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Edenborough
                  



               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  OSBORN
               



            . I am a porter to Mr. Price Mottram, a lace-dealer
; he lives in Old 'Change. On the 7th of November I was out with Mr. Wilson, Mr. Mottram's traveller - we went round Whitechapel and Shoreditch, to the City-road; and at the Lying Inn-hospital Mr. Wilson left me - I took the parcels of lace, and went to dinner at the Crown public-house, in Shoreditch, where porters in our trade generally dine - I there saw Mr. Carpenter, Mr. Edenborough's porter; we dined together, and the prisoner, who I had known before, came in - he partook of some refreshment; after we had got out, he said he was going home, and would carry our parcels for us - we agreed, and I gave him my parcel, consisting of lace veils and net, which I had received of Mr. Wilson, and Carpenter gave him one of his parcels; we went down Bishopsgate, and along Cheapside - when we got to the corner of the Old Jewry I saw the prisoner following us, but when we got to King-street


 I turned round to take my parcel from the prisoner, and he was gone; I gave information, and Mr. Mottram offered a reward - I did not see the prisoner again till he was at the office; I gave him one of the brown paper parcels, which I received of Mr. Wilson.
Prisoner. He said, "Tom, you may as well carry this parcel." Witness. No, I did not - when we got out he asked to carry it; he had carried four parcels the day before.



                  PHILIP 
                  COPEMAN WILSON
               



            . I am town-traveller to Mr. Price Mottram. On the 7th of November I had been out - I carried in my hand a parcel, containing eleven Chantilly veils, worth about 60l.; fourteen or fifteen British lace veils, worth about 15l.; fifty or sixty lace caps, worth 5l.; four pieces of bobbinnet, worth 1s. a yard - the whole was worth about 80l.; I packed up the parcel, and observed the paper had Mr. Mottram's address on it - it was outside - I turned the paper, and put it inside - after we had been to several places, we got to the City of London Lying Inn hospital; I there gave the parcel to the porter, telling him to get his dinner, and go home; I went round Islington, and then went home - the porter came home about five o'clock, without the parcel, and about an hour after he came home he stated something - I had wanted some of the veils; the porter was then out; I went out, and saw him - he told me what had happened - on the 9th of November I went to Guntor's house; I saw some goods there; I know the net I saw there was part of the property I delivered to the porter.
COURT. Q. Did Osborn tell you nothing when he first came in? A. No; he set his boxes down, and said he wanted to go to the end of the Old' Change, and he should be back again presently.


                  JOHN 
                  CARPENTER
               



            . I am porter to Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Edenborough
               



            , a lace-dealer
. I was out with Mr. Stone, his traveller, on the 7th of November - I was at the Crown; I had two boxes and two parcels with me; one of the parcels I brought from home, and the other I received of Mr. Stone; Osborn was there when I went in - the prisoner came in while we were there - he had some porter, and when we went out I saw he had Osborn's parcels in his hand; he said if I would give him mine he would carry them - I gave him the one which Mr. Stone had given me; we walked on - he was before me, and behind Osborn - we pitched, and rested in Threadneedle-street; I saw the prisoner when we got by the Bank, and when we got near Milk-street I missed him, and my parcel - I did not see him again till he was in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STONE
               



            . I am town-traveller to Mr. Edenborough. On the 7th of November I was out with goods- I gave a parcel to Carpenter; I told him to get his dinner, and go home - it contained black lace veils, bobbin lace, silk, and cotton.


                  DANIEL 
                  COLEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Lower-street, Islington. On the 8th of November this veil was pawned with me for 4s., by the prisoner, in the name of John Walker - I received information afterwards, and on the 13th the prisoner came again with two caps - my brother knew him directly, and he was taken.


                  ROBERT 
                  PARLAMAN
               



            . I am a dealer, and live in Cumberland-street, Regent's-park. On the night of the 7th of November I was going with Guntor across the fields, near the 
               
                  Rosemary 
                  Branch
               



             - I saw two parcels - I took one, and Guntor the other; I opened mine, and found it was lace; I took it to Guntor's house; there he opened his parcel, and found it contained net - the next day I saw Mr. Mottram's name on one of the parcels.
- GUNTOR. I was with Parlaman, and found the parcels; I saw Mr. Price Mottram's name on one the next day - I gave information; Mr. Mottram and Mr. Wilson came, and looked at them; the officer took them away.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. These parcels were delivered to me - Mr. Mottram's name is on one of them; I went the next day where I understood the parcels were found, and found this other parcel, with Mr. Edenborough's name and address on it; on the 13th I went and saw the prisoner at the office; I asked him what he had done with the goods he had not pawned - he said he had thrown them into the canal; I questioned him further, and he said he had left them by the side of the canal - I asked where he lodged; he said, "At a public-house near Islington-gate;" I went there, and in a bed-room, which I had understood he had occupied, I found these marks, which had been on the goods.
MR. WILSON. This is the paper in which one of the parcels was wrapped; some of these tickets have our marks on them, and were attached to the veils.
MR. STONE. This is one of Mr. Edenborough's wrappers, and I believe it inclosed the parcel I gave to Carpenter - some of these tickets were on the goods - they have my writing on them; this veil is ours.


                  GEORGE 
                  BARBER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 8th of November this veil was pawned by the prisoner, for 4s., in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Walker
               



            , No. 6, Britannia-row.
THOMAS HARVEY. I live with Mr. Goodburn, a pawnbroker, at Islington. I have a lace veil, pawned on the 8th of November, for 8s, by the prisoner.
HENRY PERRIN. I lived with Mr. Smith, a pawnbroker, at Islington. I took in this veil of the prisoner, on the 8th of November, for 4s.
JAMES PEACHEY. I am a pawnbroker. I have a veil, pawned on the 10th of November, for 3s., with a young man who has since left me.
WILLIAM BOLTWORTH. I am in the service of Mr. Cotton, a pawnbroker, in Shoreditch. I took in two veils of the prisoner, on the 8th of November, for 7s.
COURT. Q. Are you in the habit of taking in lace veils of persons of his description? A. I asked if they were his own, and he said they were, and that he was a housekeeper - I do not know the value of these veils; he wore a jacket with sleeves.


                  MATTHEW 
                  BROWN
               



             (Police-constable N 101.) I received the prisoner, and found on him fifty-nine lace caps.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I was out of work, and did it from distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
