





1379. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, 1 waistcoat, value 7s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 8 half-crowns, 15 shillings, and 10 sixpences
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Plumridge
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM PLUMRIDGE. I am waiter
 to Mr. Morley, at the Bell, at Kilburn


. I have known the prisoner about a fortnight - he slept in the next room to me on Monday morning, the 5th of May; I got up at seven o'clock, to work - I then went up stairs for my money, to settle with my master; I missed my waistcoat, four silk handkerchiefs, and this money - the prisoner was then gone; I asked the chambermaid if she had been up stairs - she said No: the prisoner had been about a fortnight in the neighbourhood, making hay
.
Prisoner. Q. Were there not other men in the room? A. Yes, but they went out.
THOMAS SOPER. I went and took the prisoner, who was in the custody of two witnesses; I have four silk handkerchiefs, a waistcoat, and 42s., in half-crowns, shillings,and sixpences - I searched him, and found in his breeches pocket 3l. 2s. in silver; I then asked about the waistcoat: Kennaird said,
"I saw him stooping under a tree" - I went and found the handkerchief and waistcoat there.
JAMES KENNAIRD. I am a labourer. I saw the prisoner at the top of a field; I called to a man to stop him, as I had seen him run across a field, and stoop under a hedge - I showed Soper the spot: I saw him come out of the back door of the public-house; he went past his work - the mistress of the house and the waiter asked me where the countryman was gone.


                  CHARLES 
                  CAIN
               



            . I saw Cooper run across the field, and the witness after him; I and my mate ran and stopped him - I saw him pull a small bundle out of his hat, and put it under his arm.
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I pulled these out of my hat? A. No; I cannot tell what they were.
WILLIAM PLUMRIDGE. These articles are mine - I had left the money in my trousers on the Sunday, and on the Monday morning it was quite safe.
Prisoner's Defence. I found myself late, and ran to make haste to my work; that was the reason I ran.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
