





NEW COURT. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17TH.
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
871. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GOLDING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, 1 clock, value 15s., and 1 tea-kettle, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Richardson
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
GEORGE RICHARDSON. I live in Wyndham-street


, and am inspector to the Imperial Gas Company
. On the 4th of April I employed the prisoner to assist in brewing
 at my house; he began on Tuesday, and continued till Wednesday - I went out at ten o'clock on Wednesday, and returned at half-past two; I then found him intoxicated, and asleep - I desired him not to come again; after he was gone I missed the inner part of my clock, all except the outer case; I went to his lodging on the Saturday evening - he was brought out and taken to the station; I afterwards missed a copper tea-kettle from near where the brewing had been going on; I have lost 200l. worth of property in the last year, since the prisoner has been there.


                  JOHN 
                  HARGRAVE
               



            . I am a gas-lighter, and was employed by the prosecutor in brewing. I saw the prisoner in the brewhouse about two o'clock on the Thursday, when I went out, leaving him and a lad there; the prisoner followed me to a public-house in about twenty minutes, and when he left the public-house I observed a part of the pendulum of a clock in a jacket which was under his arm; I went to the prosecutor immediately, and he missed the pendulum of his clock, which I had had in my hand half an hour before.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREENWOOD
               



            . I am in the employ of the Gaslight Company, and was employed in the brewing. I saw the prisoner near the clock; he had the clock door open - one of his hands was up at the clock, and his other hand had the hands of the clock in it; I asked him if I should put the hands on, and he said No, he would put them on himself; I went into the beer cellar soon after, and ran against something in the dark - I felt it, and it was the prisoner; he asked which way he should go out - I said not through the kitchen, as Mrs. Richardson was there, and he went another way.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not ask you for some beer? A. Yes, and you asked which way you should go out not to be seen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MALONEY
               



            . I am a labourer, and live in Poplar-place, St. Pancras. On the Thursday evening, between five and six o'clock, I was at work in Portman-street; it rained, and I went into a pawnbroker's for shelter - the prisoner came in with a bundle, part of which was exposed; and I saw it was a clock - he went into the passage, and when he came out again what he had was quite covered - Moran was with me.


                  DENNIS 
                  MORAN
               



            . I live in Seymour-place, and was with Maloney. I saw the prisoner there, and I put my hand to the handkerchief to see what was covered - the prisoner said it was his business, and he would not let me do it - I put my hand to it again; and then he said his landlady seemed inclined to take his effects, and that was his clock, which he was taking away.
Prisoner. That is the truth; it was my clock: I was forced to pawn it for 2s.


                  HUGH 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I am a labourer, and live in Harcourt-street. On the 23rd of March I was at the prosecutor's, and saw the prisoner go up stairs with a scuttle of coke and a tea-kettle swung round his waist - he then left the premises with the kettle.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a labourer, and live in Suffolk-street. I was at the prosecutor's on the 23rd of March, and saw the prisoner go up stairs with the scuttle of coke, and a tea-kettle swung round his waist - he left the house with the tea-kettle - his jacket hung over it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORSFORD
               



             (Police-constable D 6.) I took the prisoner on the 6th of April in Dorset-street; I went into the front kitchen as he was getting out of bed - I told him he was accused of stealing different articles - he said his master accused him wrongfully, he knew nothing of it- I saw a Dutch round-faced clock there, which could not have been removed for some time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
