






2014. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     AVERY
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONNELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously harbouring, &c., the said Robert Avery
            .
SECOND COUNT, charging Connell with receiving part of the said property.


                     GEORGE LUDBROOK 
                     MAPLESTON
                  



               
            . I am a publican
 -Avery was in my employ for five weeks, as pot-boy
. On the 18th of August I sent him to Mr. Rolls, in Broad-street



, with a 5l. note; he was to bring me back 25l. in silver - he never returned, and the money is all lost.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROLLS
               



            . I am a wine-merchant. On the 18th of August Avery came to me, brought a 5l. Bank note, and a note for 20l. more - I gave him 20l. in sovereigns and silver, and the 5l. note back again, for Mr. Maplestone.


                  JAMES 
                  CLAPSON
               



             (Police-constable D 153.) I was on duty on the 18th of August - I heard of this, and went in pursuit of Avery for two or three days; I heard of him, but could not get him; on the Tuesday morning I heard he was taken, and on the following day I apprehended Connell - I said to him, "Poulterer, is that you?" he said,"That is not my name;" I said, "It is the name you go by - when did you see Bob?" he said, "What Bob?" I said,"Bob at the corner" - he said he had not seen him; I took him to the prosecutor, who said he did not know him; I then took him to the station - I found on these stockings, shoes, and other things; he said the next day that hehad had 4l. in gold, and 4l. in silver of Bob, and that he had bought these things; that they had been that night to Astley's, and then to the New-cut; that then they took a cab, and drove to Camberwell fair, where he went in a onehorse fly, and got robbed of the rest of the money - he did not say that he knew where Bob got the money.


                  JAMES 
                  ELLIS
               



            . On the 21st of August Avery was given into my charge; I asked what he had done with his master's money - he said he had given part of it to the other lad.
Avery delivered in a petition, expressing his contrition for the offence; he received a good character.
AVERY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CONNELL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
