



982. 




THOMAS DELAHANTY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of March, 1831bs weight of leaden pipe, value 1l. 3s., the goods of 



Henry Imray and another.






GEORGE COOPER
. I was in the employ of Mr. Henry Imray and another, at a warehouse on Old Fish-street-hill. The prisoner was a bricklayers' labourer, employed on the premises—I have seen the lead which was taken from the premises—it had been there for a week previous to its being taken—there is 18lbs. weight of it—it is my master's property.





MARY ANN MORETON
. I keep a marine-store shop opposite to this warehouse. The prisoner brought this lead to me on Saturday night, the 2nd of March, about nine o'clock—he said he was authorized by the foreman to sell it there—I bought it of him, and gave him 12s. 6d. for the whole—there was one piece we could not weigh in my scales—I had seen him at work opposite, and thought he brought it from there.





WALDRON KELLY
. I am an inspector of the 3rd Division of the City police. On Monday, the 4th of March, I received information, and went to

Moreton's house, where I found this lead, which I now produce—I took Moreton's husband into custody—he was discharged, and she was bound over to give evidence.





EDWIN BLUNDEN
 (City police-constable.) I took the prisoner into custody.





JABEZ SINGLE
. I am a bricklayer. The prisoner worked under me on these premises for about five weeks—I never authorized him to take the lead away—we were all away by half-past five o'clock on that Saturday—I locked the place up, and gave the key to one of the proprietors—I paid the prisoner at the yard about seven o'clock—he must have gone back after that, and got in by getting down one of the iron gratings, as one bar was taken up.

Prisoner's Defence. On that Saturday night Moreton's husband met me, and told me to bring two small pieces of lead into his house, and he would give me a drop to drink—I had no more hand in taking it than what I tell you—the lead laid by the side of the street—I took it in for him—he gave me a shilling, and told me to give him a drop to drink—I got a quartern of rum and a pint of ale.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
