





753. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Moses 
                           Kipling
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .

MOSES KIPLING. I live in Thames-street - I was in Aldersgate-street


 on Sunday, the 27th of April, about a quarter before twelve o'clock - when I had got a little on this side Barbican I put my hand down and missed my handkerchief - I instantly turned round, saw the prisoner, and caught a glimpse of my handkerchief going under his jacket - he and another little boy
 with him ran off immediately - I pursued, calling "Stop thief!" - he ran and turned into Barbican; and after running thirty or forty yards, he slipped off his shoes - he soon after dropped my handkerchief, and was stopped in a minutes or two - a person in the street took up the handkerchief - the policeman passing asked for it, and I gave it him - he followed, and the prisoner was taken - I did not lose sight of him from the time I saw it under his jacket till he was stopped.
Cross-examined. Q. There was another boy as near to you as the prisoner? A. Yes - I cannot swear which took it, but I caught a glimpse of it going under the prisoner's jacket - the other boy fell down, but seeing the handkerchief in the prisoner's possession, I did not care for him, but followed the prisoner.


                  CHARLES 
                  BURGESS
               



             (police-constable 25). I saw the prisoner turning from the prosecutor - I was in Long-lane and pursued him - he dropped the handkerchief about fifty yards up Barbican, and kicked his two slippers off - he was stopped at last, and we took him in charge - I saw a little boy fall down - I never lost sight of the prisoner - I saw him tucking the handkerchief under his jacket.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
