





1805. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DUTTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, 84lbs. of lead, value 7s.; 5 holdfasts, value 2d., and 13 brass ornaments, value 4d., the goods of 
                     
                        William Henry 
                        Alfred
                     




                  , fixed to a building
            .


                  EBENEZER 
                  CREED
               



            . I live in Coleman-street; William Henry Alfred has three houses at Park-place, Hackney


. On Tuesday, the 30th of August, I was instructed by him to go down there, and found the lead which goes from the front kitchen to the back one gone; I was there two or three days before - it was then safe - it had been fresh cut the whole length, and then hammered down to prevent the water coming in; the escutcheons were gone from the key-hole of the door - the holdfasts were taken.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALLER
               



            . I am a Police-man. I was informed about half-past ten in the morning, that the prisoner had come out of an empty house in the Kingsland-road, with a basket tied up; I followed him into a beer-shop, about three-quarters of a mile from the house - I asked what he had got - he said some lead - I asked where he brought it from; he said up the road - I asked if he had brought it- he said he had; a person said, in his hearing, that a lady had seen him come out of an empty house, and he had followed him from there - I said he must go back, and show me where he had bought it - he said, "Why, what is the use of going back? I did come out of the house;" I took him to the station-house - I found a handkerchief, escutcheons, hooks, a pair of pinchers, and a knife on him; on going to the office, he said somebody had been there before him and taken the sink.


                  EBENEZER 
                  CREED
               



            . The sink was not gone when I went there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
