







Third London Jury. - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1411. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PIKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February


, 100 lbs. weight of blister-plaster, value 20l., and 50 lbs. weight of pil. colocynth, with aloes, value 20l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Field
                        



                     
                   and another, his masters
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MONKHOUSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving 40 lbs. weight of blister-plaster, value 8l., and 22 lbs. weight of pil. colocynth, with aloes, value 8l. 16s., and part of the above goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute
            , &c.; and 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     DUCK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving 60 lbs. weight of blister-plaster, value 12l., and 28lbs. weight of pil. colocynth, with aloes, value 11l. 4s., the other part of the above goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute
            , &c.
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
HENRY HENNELL. I am a chemical operator at Apothecaries'-hall




 - Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Field
               



             is treasurer
. Pike was a labourer
 there on the 18th of February, and had been there many years; Mr. Field is a member of the Company, and one of the particular proprietors of these articles - they have lost a large quantity of blister plaster; I know that by taking stock on the 25th of June - we do not exactly know whether any colocynth was missing, but the quantity made, and the quantity sold do not at all correspond - I have seen a quantity of blister-plaster since, which from the particular size and weight of each parcel, I believe to be the property of the Company; they are in parcels of 1 lb. each, and from that, and the length of the cylinder into which they are rolled, I believe them to be theirs; they could have been taken in February last - Pike left the service about six weeks back; he had been fourteen or fifteen years employed in the laboratory making up these things - both the blister-plaister and the colccynth were kept in the department in which he was particularly employed - the blister-plaister was made up in 1 lb. rolls; the ordinary practice of the drug trade is to do it up in - lb. rolls - there is a particular gauge in the use of the company; they are always of one length - the pil. colocynth costs the Company 10s. a lb., the selling price is 13s. or 14s. - the blister-plaister costs us 4s., we sell it at 5s.; I do not know what they are sold at in other shops.
Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q. You say it is sold in 1 lb. rolls? A. Yes; I have made inquiry, and have not found any other druggists who sell it so - I am not sure that our's is not a common gauge; but if a particular cylinder corresponds with a particular gauge, I consider it is the same - I do not know whether the general appearance of all blister-plaister is alike; we use a particular sieve, and from the general appearance of this pil. colocynth, I believe it is that made at the hall; it is precisely similar in appearance and texture - I may be mistaken, but every tradesman can tell the articles he has manufactured; I do not manufacture this, but it is made under my eyes - I believe it is very of ten made in this way; there is no recipe in the "London Pharmacopoe" for it; I have tasted it - it is excessively bitter, but I am not putting bitterness as the test; I have no other means of ascertaining it.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. Is not the Apothecharies' Company a chartered Company? A. Yes - this is not the property of the Company, but of Mr. Field and others, and they have all the profit to themselves; they supply themselves with articles from the same market as all other druggists - there is nothing peculiar in the article sold to them; other druggists make the same article, and some with the same ingredients, but the different manner of manipulation would make a difference- no two persons would proceed about any operation in precisely the same manner; the blister plaister is in 1 lb. rolls, and in a particular cylinder - we never sell the colocynth in large quantities, always in small quantities; it is entirely an article of retail trade - many druggists sell cheaper than we do.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Do you never sell it wholesale? A. Yes, sometimes - the Company supply gentlemen who are members, and would supply them in pounds; there is nothing particular in the manufacture of this - the ingredients may be precisely the same; all colocynth would be bitter, but that I have seen elsewhere is of a darker colour, approaching to black - except when exposed to the air, ours is of a dark olive green; I have no means of knowing how long this has been made - time will not have an effect on the colour through the whole mass; if it had been kept a long time it would not go through - part of our colocynth had no doubt been made two or three years, but it would in the interior be the same colour as if fresh made; if some of ours had been made three years, and some of another person's, they would still differ in the texture - the mode of grinding and sifting would make a difference; doubtless others might make it of the same texture as we do - no apothecary makes blister-plaister as we do, but druggists make it of the same materials, or they ought to do so; I have seen other blister-plaister - I believe it is not the practice of other druggists to use any gauge at all, but to roll out their blister-plaister; I cannot tell the exact length of our gauge - other druggists might get such a one.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. If you saw a thing miraculously the same, you would not know the difference? A. No; we generally roll the blister-plaister in white demy paper, but that is not exclusively used by the Company; Mr. Henry Field is one of the Company, and there are other partners; there was some blister-plaister done up in blotting-paper by mistake.


                  GEORGE 
                  AINGER
               



            . I am a porter in the employ of the Apothecaries' Company, and have been so for seven years; Iwas in the same department with Pike - it was part of his business to make up the blister-plaster and pil. colocynth; the plaster was generally done up in white demy; there was a mistake about two years ago, and it was done up in blotting-paper or filtering-paper - I think about 60lbs. were so wrapped up; I never knew any instance of their being so wrapped up but that - Pike was then in the employ; there were two gauges used, but the length of them was never altered, they were kept uniformly the same - there was no change in the measure; the pil. colocynth was generally sold in pounds - I should think we never sold 13 ozs. - it is wrapped in a bladder-skin; this is 1 lb. of plaster.
Cross-examined by MR STURGEON. Q.What is your reason for thinking they never sell 13ozs.? A.Because it is an odd number; I am not in the selling department - this demy paper is commonly used by apothecaries, this filtering paper is particular.
Cross-examined by MR CRESWELL. Q. Let me look at the ganges? A. These are them - any boy might cut out such.


                  MARY 
                  ANN PEACOCK
               



            . My husband has been transported by the prosecution of a gentleman named Ellis - I know Pike. In consequence of something that transpired on my husband's trial, I felt it my duty, and it was my husband's wish, that I should make a communication to the Apothecaries' Company; I have known Pike three years, he was in the habit of coming very frequently to my husband's house; we had a servant named Sheen, she had an opportunity of seeing him come there; I have a son named Phineas, he saw him come there - Henry Jago had an opportunity of seeing some of the prisoners in our intercourse with them; I know James Chapman - Pike used to come to my husband's three or four times a week generally, he brought plaster and pil. colocynth in a white paper covering in his pocket - he generally tore the covering off; he never hesitated in saying that he got these things from Apothecaries' Hall - Pike generally brought half a dozen rolls of blister-plaster at a time, I suppose 4 cwt. in all, and a great quantity of the pil. colocynth, I cannot tell how much - I know Monkhouse and Duck; we have had dealings with Monkhouse very frequently, and have sold him drugs of all descriptions - I employed Jago to take a parcel to Duck and one to Monkhouse; Jago was at that time in possession for King's taxes in my husband's house - Monkhouse has come very frequently, but not for the last two years; I know his son - he has sent him for plaster, which he had bought - he told us he would send his son for it, and his son has come accordingly; I have seen Monkhouse and my husband together, and have heard my husband tell him that the plister-plaster came from Apothecaries'-hall; I do not know whether any one else heard it except the servant in passing through the room;
Thomas Jolly was here called to prove the service of a notice upon Monkhouse in prison, for the production of certain account books, but he had not personally served it.
(Witness in continuation.) - I went with my husband to Monkhouse generally every day for four or five years; he did not ostensibly keep any druggist's-shop - we went into their living room, and then Monkhouse would take them up stairs to a private room; he gave 4s. per lb. for the pil. colocynth, but the last lot was 15lbs. for which he paid but 30s. - I was not there then; he paid several prices for the plaster, the outside price was half a crown a pound; I have known him to buy it at 1s. 10d.; I was present when these articles were found at Monkhouse's - I heard them count forty-three rolls of the blister-plaster - it was the same sort I had seen my husband take there, and the same house; the plaster was found in a box, and some of the pills tied up in a bundle, and some in a jar - the box was under several other boxes in the left-hand room on the first floor, the pil. colocynth was in the same place; I have known Duck nine or ten years - I have been to his house, and taken him plister-plaster and pil. colocynth; we got the same price for them of him, half a crown and 4s. - Duck I believe was apprenticed to a druggist, and he kept a shop; we have taken all sorts of drugs to him and to Monk-house; when my husband was in prison I went to Monk-house, and stated the situation my husband was in, and he gave me 10s. for him; I went to Duck and told him, he promised me some money, but did not send it - I then sent Mr. Chapman, the Stepney carrier, and received 5l. from him; my husband was in the Apothecaries' Company -Duck called on us some years ago, just as he opened his shop - my husband was not at home; he said if my husband did not send him the goods according to his promise, he would go to Apothecaries'-hall, and tell the gentleman what Peacock was doing; I remember when Duck used to take these things, he said he could recommend them to any surgeon as he knew they were genuine, for they came from Apothecaries'-hall; I remember going with my husband and Jago to Duck in February last - we took 18lbs. of the pil. colocynth in a covered basket - Jago carried it, and I went with my husband; I saw my husband go into his house, and I waited till he came out with the basket empty - this was on a Sunday morning; he brought the money out - he had no money when he went in.
COURT. Q. When was your husband sentenced to transportation? A. The Session before last, he was a chemist and druggist, and lived in Thames-street.
Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q. You have said Pike always confessed that he took the goods from Apothecaries'-hall? A. Not every time, he did several times; he lived at the hall - my husband used to say, "Here is Pike come from the hall;" Pike used to say he had brought so and so - he has mentioned Apothecaries'-hall in my hearing; he has said he brought the blister-plaster and the pil. colocynth from there - I never asked Pike to give me 50l. - I did not think he was worth it; I did not think by bringing him here I should get my husband off; I have done it at my husband's wish, that we should give up one of the parties - I knew they were the goods of the Apothecaries' Company; I never had any money, nor had any offered me - I have known him two or three years, and he has brought these things backwards and forwards to our house - we were the intermediate messengers to the other parties; there were other persons used to come, but I have given up all the gentlemen wished.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. Your husband was a regular chemist and druggist? A. Yes; we sold to two or three other persons besides the prisoner; Duck is a chemist and druggist - he has practised as such, and lately, through Peacock, he has been able to get up verymuch; I did not tell of this till my husband was transported - I should not have done it now had it not have been for him; I was aware of his guilty practices - I told it by his desire: I have not bought any since he was away; I can go to my husband at any time - I do not want to buy goods to follow him.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q.Monkhouse has frequently come toy our house to deal? A. Yes, but he has not come to the house the last two years, his son has a few times; he did not keep a druggist's-shop - I have known him four or five years: I have seen these goods in his place- I believe he dealt in all kinds of articles, a general dealer; my husband has dealt in other articles - he has bought goods of Monkhouse; I do not know what price my husband gave him - I do not know that my husband has returned him goods if they did not suit; I do not know that Monkhouse has sent back 30lbs. of goods as not approved of - I think if he had I should have heard it; there was, I believe, very little but what I knew.
PHINEAS PEACOCK. I am nine years of age. I was examined before the Grand Jury; I go to church, and know I must tell the truth. I know all the prisoners - I have seen Pike bring things to my father's house; he brought pilacochia and blister-plaster - the other men have come there; I have gone with my father to Duck's, and to Monkhouse's.
Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q. How do you know it was pilacochia? A. My father told me so.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. Do you know where the things were got from? A. No; I was taken up for presenting a cheque at a banker's.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. How lately have you seen Monkhouse there? A. Since Christmas.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who sent you with that cheque? A. My father; I was taken before the Lord Mayor, and set at liberty a week afterwards.


                  HENRY 
                  JAGO
               



            . I am a porter. I know Monkhouse, but not Duck. On the 28th of February I carried a parcel of pilacochia to Duck's, but I did not go in - Peacock and his wife went with me; it was in a little basket; Peacock went into the house which they called Duck's, and took the basket; Mrs. Peacock and I staid outside - Peacock brought out the basket empty; I carried it part of the way home - Peacock put his hand into his pocket when he came out, and showed some silver and two pieces of gold; he said he had no money when he went in.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. Was the basket so heavy that you were obliged to carry it? A. I went to the shop, but did not go in; it was a doctor's-shop - I never went to his shop to tell him if he had any thing improperly come by, to put it out of the way; I do not recollect ever seeing him.


                  MARY 
                  SHEEN
               



            . I was servant to Peacock for two years and three months; I left nearly twelve months ago. I knew Pike - he was a working man at Apothecaries'-hall; he used to bring blister-plaster to Peacock's, and two kinds of pills - one blue pill and the other pil. colocynth; Monkhouse used to come and buy the drugs which came to the house; Peacock told him they came from Apothecaries'-hall - there was no certain time for Monkhouse's coming; he came at all times, sometimes in the morning, and sometimes noon or evening - he bought goods, and sometimes took them, or his son came for them, and sometimes Mr. or Mrs. Peacock took them; I never went with any - I never heard Peacock tell Monkhouse that Pike brought them; I have seen money pass between Peacock and Monkhouse - I did not know Duck; sometimes if Mr. Peacock was going out he would say to me,"Mary, here is so much money - if Pike comes give it to him," and I did.
Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q. How do you know that Pike brought blue pills and pil. colocynth? A. He told me so; Monkhouse used to buy drugs, and so did others, but I only want to speak of him now.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q.Peacock carried on a large business? A. Yes, and had several persons dealing with him - I have seen him deal with other persons - I have taken goods to other houses, and I have seen money pass.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. He bought of other people besides Pike, and sold to others beside Monkhouse? A. Yes - he kept no shop; his name was not on the door.
MR. JOHN ELLIS. I am a druggist, and live in Thames-street. The price of blister-plaster last year was 4s. 6d. or 5s. 6d. a lb. if sold in large quantities - I should think that a low price; I never bought any at Apothecaries'-hall: we make but little pil. colocynth, but I should think the value of this was about 12s. per lb.; we make the blister-plaster in pounds and half-pounds, generally in pounds; I went last Wednesday fortnight to search the premises of Monkhouse - it is quite a private house, no appearance of business; just as we were coming away we found a quantity of blister-plaster - he was not at home at the time; we searched the back yard and the shed - we then went up stairs, and found a room, with a variety of drugs, opium, scammonia, and other drugs, and 40lbs. or 50lbs. of blister-plaster in a box, under some other boxes; I heard Monkhouse say he bought it of the East India Company, at some of their sales - I think he did not give any other account, except of some opium, which I suspected from its quality to be mine; I saw a book on a desk on the right-hand side, containing various entries - one was some opium at 14s., and the letter P. on it, and one was "Peacock, March 3, 1. 9s." - I should think the price of isinglass was from 12s. or 14s. to 17s. 6d. at that time.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Whether the isinglass was good or bad you do not know? A. No, nor whether it was cut or not; I saw some isinglass that was cut, but I do not know whether it was that or not - there were drugs of various descriptions; I think no other articles - it had not the appearance of a general dealer's, the room being up stairs, and a bed-room next to it; there were goods enough to allow the inference that a person dealt in these goods generally; I do not know whether he was a licensed general-dealer, but there was a desk and a book containing various entries.
Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q. Then other chemists are in the habit of selling 1 lb. rolls of plaster? A. Yes, but I never saw any in this form.
COURT. Q. Do you think the maker of a mass of pills of this description, is likely to know his own manufacture? A. I should think he may, but I am not in that department.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWCOMB
               



            . I am an officer of Union-hall. Onthe 30th of June I took a search-warrant to Monkhouse's, with the last witness and Mr. Hennell; his house is No. 16, Fair-street, Horslydown - there is no shop, nor appearance of business; he was not at home - it was about half-past eleven o'clock in the day; we searched the room down stairs, and then the back premises - we found nothing there; we then went up-stairs, to the left-hand room on the first floor - there we found a quantity of drugs, wrapped in paper, and in boxes; they were not put on shelves - there was no counter; a pair of scales were in the room which would weigh about 2lbs. - there was no shopman or boy, no customer came while I was there; we were there I should think an hour and a half - we found some blister plaster in a box, which had some parcels on it; this is the plaster - while we were there Monkhouse came in; he could see we had those things - I showed him my warrant, and asked whether he could give any account of this plaster to the gentleman with me- he said he should give it at another place; I then took him to Union-hall - I believe Mrs. Peacock's name was mentioned, but I do not recollect; here are about 22 lbs. of pil. colocynth, which I found at Monkhouse's - seven pieces were in an earthen jar, and one large piece tied up in a brown paper.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q.You say these things were concealed? A. They were in a box, and some things on it; there were many articles there - there was a desk and a book; there was no chair in the room - there were some parcels; the box was not locked - there were parcels on it, and some goods in front; I could only see a part of the box - the room was not locked; a box by the side of the desk was locked.
COURT. Q. Was there any thing like a collection of goods, except in that room? A. No.
GEORGE AINGER re-examined. Q. Are these rolls of plaster made up as such articles are made up at Apothecaries'-hall? A.They are; here are some of them done up in blotting-paper or filtering-paper - I think the other came from Apothecaries'-hall; the are gauged before the paper is put on - they fit the gauge exactly; from the softness of this pil. colocynth, and the strong smell of the oil of cloves which it has, it has every appearance of being such an articles as was made at the hall.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q.Is it not genearally made of oil of cloves? A. Yes, but it depends on the quality and quantity of the oil - the Company sell a great quantity of oil to apothecaries, but a great number of druggists draw their own oil; if they bought oil at the hall it would be the same - I have no other test but the smell of the oil, and it is possible for a chemist to make the same of the same materials.
Q. Now take this roll of plaister in your hand, and measure it by your gauge, does it not fit as near as any of the other rolls? A. It does fit as near as they do without the paper - I apprehend it always preserves the same bulk as when it is first made; I never tried - it is affected by heat and cold; heat makes it soft, and cold hardens it, but I am not aware that they affect its bulk - I have never tried that; we make them in copper pans - they are beat with a stick, and then rolled with the hand; they are commonly rolled in white demy, but some of them are in filtering paper - the one you have given me is in white demy, the same as the Company generally use.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. If a man had one of these rolls, might he not make up others like them? A. Yes, certainly - I am not aware that they expand or contract with heat or cold.
Monkhouse's Defence. I bought them in a regular way of business.
Duck's Defence. (written.) I have been brought before you on a charge of which I am wholly innocent; I was taken into custody on Saturday, and after being carried about from the Court of King's Bench to the Mansion-house, and detained several hours, I was conveyed to Newgate; I have not therefore had those proper opportunities that I ought to have had, which would have enabled me to disprove the evidence of Mrs. Peacock, and other witnesses for the prosecution, who are connected with her, and show them to you in their real character: a witness whose husband is already under sentence of transportation. I am, therefore, compelled to have recourse to such evidence on my behalf, as the immediate necessities of the moment compel me to bring forward: I have hitherto supported myself in my profession, with credit and respectability, and brought up a family, and I hope and trust that you will weigh with great caution the evidence of such persons as have been brought against me, when contrasted with those respectable men who have this day come forward on my behalf.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEALE
               



            . I live in Tooley-street, and am a chemist and druggist - I have been so for fifteen years; I compound blister plaster - it is the custom of the trade to make it in half pounds generally, but sometimes in pounds; this is the usual way of making up pounds - I have dealt with Monkhouse for many years; he is a general dealer- he has bought things at the Custom-house sales; his character has been strictly honourable as far as my transactions with him have gone, no man more so, and I have heard him spoken of so by his neighbours.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You say this plaster is usually made in half-pounds, do you know how they make it at Apothecaries'-hall? A. No, I never bought any there -I do not know who made this piece, which has been put into my hands; it is usually put in white demy paper- what we usually use is outside printing demy; he is a general dealer - he deals in soy, drugs, oils and dye goods; he has lived at that house for many years - the usual way for general dealers is to have a warehouse.
MR. CRESWELL. Q.Have you bought a great many things there? A. Yes - at the back of his house there is a considerable warehouse; sometimes general dealers buy goods, and sell them again without taking them home- I should think this paper is such as is generally used.
MR. STURGEON. Q.Could you speak to the manufacture of any of your articles? A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a general dealer - my warehouse is No. 7, Holborn-bridge, but I reside nearly opposite Astley's Theatre - I have known Monkhouse fifteen years; he is a general dealer
, and buys almost all sorts of articles - I have bought a great many things of him, and seen him buy a great many; he is a very honest upright man - he has attended sales at the Custom-house and Excise; I believe he is a licensed dealer in tea, pepper, and coffee.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q.What did he deal in? A. Any articles he thought bargains; he has dealt in cheese, butter, pork, brandy, gin, rum, vinegar and pepper - I have known him deal in these within the last two months; I believe he has dealt less in drugs than almost any thing - I have bought bread, and tons of butter and biscuit at his house.
PIKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
MONKHOUSE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
DUCK - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
