





1212. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BENTLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of April
, 1 sovereign; 2 half-sovereigns; 1 half-crown; 5 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS WILSON. I am an upholsterer
. On Sunday morning, the 22nd of April, I was in Holborn


; as near as I can recollect, about two o'clock; the prisoner accosted me, and asked me to give her something - I told her I had no money in my pocket, and I wished to get home; she kept walking backwards as I went forwards; I took my purse, which was in my trousers pocket, and put it into my waistcoat pocket; I took some halfpence out of my trousers pocket, at the same time, to give her, and at that moment she took my purse out of my waistcoat pocket - I caught hold of her hand, and said, "You have stolen my purse;" she said, "No, I have not;" and at the same time she put out her hand to a girl not many yards from her; I have not seen the purse again; I called an officer, who came and took the prisoner.
Prisoner. I was not in your company at all, and you stated you did not know whether there was 2l. 10s. or 2l. 8s. in the purse. Witness. I said I believed there was more in the purse than I swore to.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BAKER
               



             (Police-constable E 115). The prosecutor called for a Policeman: I went up; I left the prisoner in custody, and tried to find the other girl, but could not; he said the prisoner had robbed him of 2l. 10s., as near as he could guess - he appeared sober.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the proscator had accosted her, and inquired her address; that she left him in five minutes, and had not taken his property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
