






961. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BATES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Toy
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  STANNARD
               



            . I live in Whitecross-street, and am a carver and gilder. On Saturday, the 20th of April, I was Holborn


 and saw Mr. Toy there; he took hold of the prisoner, who asked him to let him go - I saw the prisoner drop the handkerchief; Mr. Toy told me to get an officer.
Prisoner. The handkerchief was a yard from me. Witness. No; I saw it drop from behind your coat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TOY
               



            . I am a carpet-manufacturer
, and live at the Cross-keys, Theobald's-road. I was walking along and felt something kick my heel, I felt and missed my handkerchief; I turned and saw the prisoner - I took him by the collar and charged him with having my handkerchief; he denied it, and begged to be taken into a public-house - I took him towards one, and in going along I kept my eye on him, and saw my handkerchief fall from him.
Prisoner. If you saw it in my hand why did you not take it? Witness. I saw it drop from your side; I suppose it fell from between your coat and waistcoat.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CATMULL
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and have the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  Charles 
                  Hill
               



             and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Flooks
               



             deposed to the prisoner's good character.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
