





Second London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
805. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, 2 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 1 shillings, and 2 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Deborah 
                     Tyler
                  




SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Challis
                  



               
            .
MR. PAYNE conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am a hay-salesman, and live at Mile-end. On the 10th of February, I received a load of hay to sell on commission for Mrs. 
               
                  Deborah 
                  Tyler
               



            , of Hornchurch, Essex - 
               
                  John 
                  Challis
               



             brought it up; I sold it to 
               
                  George 
                  Nuttman
               



            , of the Borough - Challis took it there; I gave him a paper with the price, and Nuttmat's Direction on it, to deliver with it - I had not received any money for it from Mr. Nuttman, jun.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What was Challis to do with the money when he got it? A. I told him to receive the money and come back to me - I should then have taken my charges off, and given him the rest for his mistress, with a return note; he came back to me with this piece of paper, but no money.


                  JOHN 
                  CHALLIS
               



            . I am carter
 to 
               
                  Deborah 
                  Tyler
               



            , of Hornchurch. On the 10th of February, I had a load of hay to take to Mr. Nuttman's, in the Borough, and just as I got into Tooley-street, I saw the prisoner look at another carter's note, who was going on before me; he then came to me, took my note out of my hand, and looked at it - he said, "You are going to Mr. Nuttman's - both to one place." I went and delivered my hay at Nuttman's, which is a little further on, and received from him two sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, two sixpences, and a shilling - he returned one truss, which was bad; I met the prisoner again as I came back, coming down the new arch of London-bridge- he said, "You have been gone a long while;" I said,"Yes, I had to stop in the yard, as Mr. Nuttman was not ready to unload;" he asked how the load of grass hay unloaded - the first load was grass hay; I said I did not know, for it was not unloaded when I came away - he asked if his father was at home; I supposed he meant Mr. Nuttman and said Yes he was - he then left me, and I went on; he came to me again as I came over London-bridge, and on the London side he touched me on the arm and said, "My father has paid you for that pay;" I said Yes he had - he said, "I have paid Mr. Gardner for the hay, up in the market before I came away you give me the money, and I will give you a note to Mr. Gardner to take back;" I can not read writing but know figures(looking at a paper) this is the paper he gave me - it has the figures 3l 5. and 6 on it; I had no other paper besides that - Gardner had given me a paper, which I gave Mr. Nuttman; I gave the prisoner 3l. 2s. - I told him I had not got 3l. 5s. as Mr. Nuttman returned one truss; I had no other money - he said, "My father will make it all right with Mr. Gardner next market day;" he asked if his father had given me any thing - I said No. and he gave me 6d. for drink for myself; he went away with the money, and I saw no more of him - I have paid Mrs. 
               Tyler
             the money; I was quite sober - it was one o'clock in the day.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not your mistress believe your story? A. Yes; such a thing never happened to me before; I took the paper to Mr. Gardner, thinking to receive the money from him, but he told me it was lost - I did not ask any body to read the paper before I gave the prisoner the money; I never saw him before - I sometimes bring hay to town once a month, and sometimes not for twelve months; I have been up six or seven times - I am twenty-seven years old; I never parted with any money before; I took so much notice of the prisoner's face, that I am certain of him; I never said I knew him because he was blind with one eye - I knew his face; I did not notice his dress - he had a short coat on, with a cape to it, and a black hat.
MR. PAYNE. Q. You looked at his face? A. Yes; I had seen him twice before he got the money - I am still in Mrs. Tyler's service, and have been so nearly three years - I saw the prisoner again in a fortnight.(Paper read.)
Pay back to Mr. Nuttman's son the sum of 3l. 5s. 6d., having received the sum of him.


                  GEORGE 
                  NUTTMAN
               



            . On the 10th of February Challis brought some hay to me - I paid him 3l. 2., having deducted 3s. for a bad truss, which I returned; he brought a paper with the hay, which I did not preserve - the prisoner is not my son; I never saw him till he was before the Magistrate.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Challis offer you a damaged truss? A. I rejected it - he was perfectly sober; I never saw him before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
