





1502. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     ALLUM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of February
, 2 breast-pins, value 5s.; 1 cloak, value 15s.; 1 cap, value 7s.; 1 pair of pattens, value 1s.; 1 shawl, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 3 pairs of trousers, value 9s.; 2 aprons, value 1s.; 1 sovereign, and 4 half-crowns
            , the property of 
               
                  Mark 
                  Allen
               




            ; and that she had been previously convicted of felony.


                  MARK 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a sailor
, and live with my wife and family at Poplar


. I have known the prisoner about five months - she lived at a lodging-house, and got ill-used; we took her in out of kindness - my wife and I went out on the 16th of February; the prisoner walked with us a little way, - I gave her the key to go back to our house, and to finish some stay-stitching that was in the house; she was to stay till we returned from Greenwich - I came home at five o'clock in the evening, and expected to find her at home, but she had locked the house up, and left the key next door; we went in, and missed the property stated from the drawers - she had knocked the top of the drawers up, got the top drawer out, got the others open, and taken these things; the money had been in the middle drawer - I heard of her, and had her taken on the 4th of June; I have not got any of my property.


                  ANN 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. What he has stated is true, but he forgot to mention that we missed a sovereign out of this box, and four half-crowns out of this other - they were both in one drawer.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BEALE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. The prisoner was given to me - I found nothing on her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I took the prisoner on the former occasion; I know she is the person who was tried - I have the certificate of her conviction - (read.)


                  MARY 
                  WANNELL
               



            . The prisoner left the key of the prosecutor's door with me - she had on a cloak, a pair of pattens, and a bundle under her arm.
Prisoner's Defence. I am totally innocent; I was there seven months - her husband said they should go to lodge at Greenwich; I said I should most likely go before they came back, and I would leave the key next door.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
