



1756. 




THOMAS DOWLING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of June, 1 snuff-box, value 1s.; and 1 cigar case, value 1s.; the goods (of 



James Tyler, from his person.






JAMES TYLER
. I was in the pit of the New Strand Theatre on the 30th of June—I had a snuff-box and cigar ease—I felt a slight tug at my pocket—I placed my hand in it and missed the property—I spoke to a friend—the prisoner was sitting immediately behind me, and asked if I had lost any thing—I told him I had—he said, "Indeed, I lost a handkerchief myself some time ago, and now I carry mine in my hat" I went to the lobby to get an officer, and we met the prisoner going out—I desired the officer to take him and search him—he produced these things, and said he picked them up—I stated that I had a strong suspicion that he was the person who had robbed me, and if he was an honest man he would have no objection to be searched; when he kept back and objected to the officer searching him, I insisted on it, and then he produced the things, Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Is your friend here? A. No—I looked under the scat for my things—I thought there was a possibility I might have dropped them—upon that the prisoner made this statement—he did not ask me if I had lost these things—he asked what I had lost he was going out, and ray friend said, "That is the man that was sitting behind you"—the prisoner then said, "Do you charge me with picking your friend's pocket?"—he said, "No, I only said you were behind him"—the prisoner was between the lobby and the pit—I had scarcely beet out five minutes before I met him—I am quite sure I named to mm the articles I had lost—there were a great many persons about, but none immediately behind me except the prisoner.





RICHARD YATES
. I am constable of the New Strand Theatre. After the charge was made the prisoner produced the things—I found on him two bills of exchange for£100, on the London and Westminster bank,

which have been claimed, a brass chain with nine keys, two purses, and in money.

Cross-examined. Q. You say a charge was made before he gave up the snuff-box? A. Yes, in his presence, by the prosecutor's friend.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
