



2349. 




STEPHEN GARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of August, 60 lbs. weight of lead, value 7s., the goods of 



Joseph Gurney, and fixed to a certain building.


WILLIAM RICHARDSON. I am in the employ of Joseph Gurney, a victualler, at All Saints, Poplar. On Saturday, the 3rd of August, I missed about four feet of the lead gutter off the roof of the skittle ground—there was ten feet taken away—I know the prisoner by his frequenting the house—I went with Mr. Craig to the prisoner's house, and asked him how be came to take the lead—he said, "Don't make a noise, I will go with you"—on the way to the station-house I said, "You are the last person I should have thought guilty of such a thing"—he said, "If you will let it be till next week, I will make it all right"—we have not found any of it.





DAVID CRAIG
. My garden is next door to the prosecutor's. On the 6th of August, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I went down to the bottom of the garden, and while I was sitting there I saw some mortar fall from the party wall—I called out, "What are you doing?"—I got up, and saw the prisoner take the lead from the party wall, double it up, and throw it under a bench in the yard next to the skittle ground—it was a piece of the water pipe—he told me he was repairing the gutter—I told him to make good the hole he had left, and left him—I went back in about an hour, and saw some loose bricks put into the hole, which I thought was not done by a workman—I went and told the barman, and went to the prisoner's lodgings with him—the hole was nine inches square—I know nothing about the other lead.

Prisoner. I saw a piece of lead hanging loose to the wall—I just touched it, and it dropped into his yard—nobody can say I touched any more, and I did not take that away—I tried to shove it back in its place.

Witness. He did not—he pulled it out, and left the hole, and I saw him double it up and throw it under the bench.





WILLIAM RICHARDSON
. re-examined. I missed six feet of lead, about eighteen inches wide—what Craig saw taken was a kind of spout—not what I missed—the prisoner was not working on the premises.

Prisoner's Defence. I never carried a bit out of the place—I had no lead at all more than I saw hanging there—I never was on the roof at all.




GUILTY
. * Aged 53.—


Transported for Seven Yean.
