







1296. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  FEAR
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SHANKSTER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July

, 9 yards of cotton, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Griffith 
                  Richards
               



            ; and 
               
                  ANN 
                  PERRY
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, knowing the same to be stolen
            , against the Statute, &c.


                  ROBERT 
                  FIVEASH
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Griffith Richards, a draper
, in Oxford-street



. On the 15th of July, Fletcher came to our shop, and told us something - Mr. Richards went out - I followed, and met him bringing back Fear - I looked, and missed a piece of print - this is it.


                  ROBERT 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I live at Mr. Bull's, in Oxford-street, opposite the prosecutor's. I was standing at our window, and saw Fear and Shankster, and two others, coming towards the prosecutor's shop - Fear went up, and took a piece of print - he wrapped it in a black cloth, and laid it down - he then left the shop, and went back again to see if there was any one there - he then took up the print, and gave it to Shankster, and they went away.


                  RICHARD 
                  COMPTON
               



             (police-constable D 87). Mr. Richards called me into his shop on the 15th of July, and gave Fear in charge, for stealing a piece of print. Fear denied it, but said he ran after the man who had it - I took him to the station, and in going along, Fiveash told Fear that hetook the print, and wrapped it in a black cloth - he owned that he took it, and gave it to Shankster.


                  HENRY 
                  BAYFIELD
               



            . I am in the employ of a pawnbroker - on the 15th of July, this print was pawned by Perry, for a person named Welling, about the middle of the day.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



             (police-serjeant D 16). In consequence of information, I went to a house in Lisson-grove - I found Shankster and Perry in different rooms - Shankster was in bed - it was early in the morning - I asked Perry if she had pawned a piece of print - she said she did not recollect - but at last she said she had, at Mr. Gideon's - Shankster then came in, and I found on him the duplicate - I asked Perry if he gave her the cloth - she said, "No," but in going to the station-house, she said he did.
Shankster. Perry is quite innocent - she did not know it was stolen.
FEAR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SHANKSTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Confined Three Months
            .
PERRY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
