





522. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COPELAND, alias 
JOHNSON





               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Cathie
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 shirt, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Adam 
                           Cathie
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Cathie
                        



                     
                  ; and that he had been previously convicted of felony
            .


                  SARAH 
                  CATHIE
               



            . I am the wife
 of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Cathie
               



            . On the 10th of January, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was between Giltspur-street


 Compter and Newgate-street, with a bundle under my arm - the prisoner came, and snatched it from me; I am quite certain of him - I was labouring under a severe hoarseness, and could not call out loud; he was in front of me, and with the force of the snatch turned me quite round - I had a full view of him; he got away, and was stopped about the middle of Newgate-street, but my bundle was then gone- I have not a doubt of his person; a shawl in the bundle belonged to my nephew, 
               
                  Adam 
                  Cathie
               



            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  GRAMSON
               



            . I am errand-boy to a gentleman in Newgate-street. I saw the prosecutrix in Giltspur-street, and saw the prisoner snatch her bundle; I am quite sure of him - he went up Newgate-street; I raised an alarm, followed, and laid hold of him - I did not see what he did with the bundle.


                  CHARLES 
                  HAYNES
               



            . I am a street-keeper. I found the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Newgate-street; a man tapped me on the shoulder, and said I was wanted - the woman said I had robbed her.


                  RICHARD 
                  MANNING
               



            . I am an officer of Bridge-ward. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clerk's office; I was present at his trial - (read) - I am certain he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
