





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
812. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, 6 merino shirts, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Matthews
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Read
                        



.
JOHN READ. I am in the employ of Mr. William Matthews, hosier and glover
, St. Martin's-le-grand. On the 14th of March, about seven o'clock, a man came for some linen shirts - we told him we did not deal in linen shirts - he then said he would look at some flannel ones, which were not fine enough; he selected six merino ones, and said if I went with him to Newgate-street he would pay for them there - I went with him, carrying the shirts, and just at the corner of St. Martin's-le-grand he told me to wait there, and he would come and pay me- I kept the goods; he crossed Newgate-street, then came back, and told me to come to Queen's Arms-passage; I went with him, and then he told me to give the shirts to him - I said I wanted the money first; he said that gentleman, meaning the prisoner, who was there, would pay for them - I did not know the prisoner before; I went up to the prisoner, and asked him for the money; he said he wanted the bill of them - I told him the person who ordered them had got the bill in his pocket; he called after him, but he did not come back - the prisoner then told me to come to Love-lane, to the other person's lodging, and he would pay me there; I went with him to Love-lane, Wood-street, and then he said he must go to Aldermanbury, to Mr. Coster's, in Fountain-court


 - I went with him there; he led me up into the corner, by the Baptist's Head coffee-house, then laid hold of me, struck me in the mouth, and knocked me down; the person who ordered the shirts had taken them from me in Newgate-street - I should know him again; I got up, called Stop thief! and he was stopped - I am certain of his person; the shirts came to 24s. - on the Friday after the shirts were left at Mr. Matthews' shop, by a porter of the Bull and Mouth inn, with this paper; (reads) "The goods not having been paid for, must beg to return them"- the goods were taken from me by force, by the person who ordered them; I am sure the prisoner is the person to whom he referred for payment, and who struck and knocked me down.


                  GEORGE 
                  RAY
               



            . I am porter to Price and Co., and live in East-court, Foster-lane. I was in Cateaton-street about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, and heard a cry of Stop thief! in Church-passage, which I was going up; I saw the prisoner running, and stopped him- I saw Read shortly after, who said he had robbed him and knocked him down; the prisoner said nothing at the time.


                  THOMAS 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am a constable. I heard a cry of Stop Thief! and the prisoner was immediately given into my charge; he was struggling to get from Ray.


                  JOHN 
                  READ
               



            . The prisoner was not present when the man took the goods from under my arm, but when I wasat the end of Queen Anne's-passage; he referred me to him for payment - he was in sight when the goods were taken from me and could see them taken, and he said if I went with him to Fountain-court, he would pay me for them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged. 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
