





188. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, 2 shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Homan
                  




               
            , his master; and that he had been before convicted of felony.
WILLIAM HOMAN. I am a retired tradesman
, and live in Gloucester-place, Hoxton. The prisoner was in my employ as a labourer
; I sent him for nine bushels of lime on the 25th of November, and gave him 4s. 6d. to pay for it; when he returned with it I found there was a deficiency - I sent him back for a ticket; he brought me one, whichI expect had been altered - he only brought five bushels of lime.


                  JOSHUA 
                  LESTER
               



            . I am clerk at a lime-wharf. The prisoner came and had five bushels of lime, for which he paid half a crown; he came back again, and asked for a ticket - I gave him this ticket, but all my writing is altered except the word "Paid;" he had only paid me half a crown.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . On the 25th of November I was called to take the prisoner - I found him in a public-house - I found 1s. 7 1/2d. on him; he told his master he was going to give him the money by and by.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I have a certificate of the former conviction of the prisoner, which I got at Mr. Clark's office - (read) - I took him, and know he is the person.
Prisoner's Defence. My master gave me 5s. 6d., and 1s. for the truck; he sent me back for the ticket, and when I got it Tom Holmes took and altered it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
