





Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
942. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BEENDEY
               



             was indicted that 


               he, on the 26th of May
, feloniously did utter 1 piece of false and counterfeit coin, resembling and apparently intended to resemble and pass for a current shilling, and feloniously did falsely make and counterfeit the same
            , against the Statute.
MR. ELLIS conducted the Prosecution.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BANISTER
               



            . I am an inspector of the police. I was on duty, on Monday, the 26th of May, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, in New Way, Tothill-street, Westminster - Goose came to me, and I went to No. 19, Duck-lane, Westminster


, accompanied by Goose and Sullivan, police constable - we went in at the front door, through the passage, and met a little girl - we passed her and went to a back room in the yard - the little girl called out, "Father" - I found the door of a room on the left hand side of the yard open - as I entered I saw the prisoner sitting on the right hand side of the fire-place, with something in his hand, which I took from him - it was the moulds for the obverse and reverse sides of a shilling - the fire was lighted - I seized the mould, and from it fell some white liquid metal on the hearth - it splashed on my trowsers - I opened the mould, and found a small quantity of metal in it - the prisoner looked up and said, "Hollo! hollo! what is the matter?" - I said, "It is all right enough, you know what is the matter" - I took him into custody, and gave him to Sullivan and Goose - he said to Goose, "Let me alone, Bob, and I will go with you quietly" - I searched the room, and in a drawer of the table at which he sat, I found two files, with white metal in the teeth, and two small hammers; and on a shelf at a short distance I found a new Britannia metal spoon: and hanging on the shelf, a bag of plaster of Paris - this piece of white metal I picked up on the hearth - this white metal was in the impression part of the mould; and here is part of the impression on it.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOOSE
               



            . I am a policeman. I accompanied Banister and Sullivan - as I entered the room the prisoner sat on the right hand side of the fire-place, with something in his hand - as soon as he saw us he put something into his mouth - I saw Mr. Banister take something out of his hand- he gave him to me - I said he had better give me what he had in his mouth, it would make the case neither better nor worse - and out of his mouth he put a counterfeit shilling, which I produce - on the table I found sixteen more counterfeit shillings - he told me he would go quietly with me, and said it was all up with him; that he was obliged to do it, for he could get no work - in the drawer I found a file containing white metal - I found in the drawer a pair of nippers, with the file, and white metal in the teeth of them - on the hob I found a tobacco-pipe, with white metal in it - on the shelf I found a piece of tin, with plaster of Paris adhering to it - I searched him, and found a knife with plaster of Paris on the handle and blade - I then made a further search in the back yard, and in the privy, behind the seat, I found another mould for a sixpence.
JURY. Q. Was the metal in the tobacco-pipe hot or cold? A. It was warm - it was on the side of the fire - the pipe was not full - there was sufficient fire to melt the metal - the hot metal was all running through the fire on to the ashes underneath.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  SPOTTISWOOD SULLIVAN
               



            . I am a policeman. I accompanied the witnesses to the place - I have heard their evidence, and agree with them - I found nothing myself.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WARDLE
               



            . I am the owner of the house in Duck-lane. The prisoner was my tenant, and has been so five or six years - he is a bricklayer
, and occasionally worked for me - he had the whole house.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of counterfeit coin to his Majesty's Mint, and have been so many years. This is a plaster of Paris mould to cast counterfeit shillings - it has on one part of it, the obverse side of the impression of a shilling, and on the other, the reverse side of a shilling - it appears to have been used for the purpose of casting - it is discoloured - here is some white metal, which seems similar to the shilling produced - the first shilling is counterfeit, which was taken from his mouth - the other seventeen are also counterfeit of the same description, and I believe theyhave all been cast in this mould - they are all unfinished, but in a state apparently intended to pass for the current coin - here are two which have been filed sufficient to go into circulation - the white metal spoon is similar metal to the coin - the tin appears to have been used as a band for making the mould.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I am charged with coining; it is a base conspiracy, to obtain the reward which his Majesty's Mint gives on such occasions. I was sitting in my back parlour, when Henry Wilson called on me, and asked me to let him leave the things which the officer found on the table, while he went to fetch a file; he had not left my place more than five minutes, when the officers came in and apprehended me, on the charge of coining. To deny that the coin was not there, or that I did not know that it was bad, would be saying that which no man would believe, - but, as to making them, it is entirely false. I implore you to investigate this case with mercy and consideration. As for the police-constable Goose, he has been a convicted felon, and was confined in the Brixton House of Correction for the term of six months, and has been discharged from the police-force two or three times for his misconduct. I told the police where they could apprehend Henry Wilson, but they would not do it: for their object is to gain the reward from the mint. The file found in the drawer of the table is what I have always used as a steel to strike a light with, belonging to my tinder-box; and the plaster of Paris found hanging up against the window is what I use in my trade, I being a plasterer.



               GUILTY
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
