






1245. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HERRING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July

, 1 order for payment, and value of 5l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Biers
                  



               
            .


                  HUGH 
                  BIERS
               



            . I live in Dorset-place, Dorset-square



. The prisoner called on me on the 29th of July, and said he had called for Mr. Woodin's account; he had called once or twice before, but he had not seen me - I owed Mr. Woodin 3l. 11s.; I asked the prisoner what the amount was, and he told me it was 3l. 11s. - I asked him to give me change for 5l.; he said he could not, but he would bring the change down, and I wrote him a cheque for 5l.; he did not return, and I did not see him again till he was at the office - Mr. Woodin afterwards called to know if I had paid his former clerk, and said he was not his clerk then - this is the cheque.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TYSON
               



            . I am clerk to Sir 
               
                  Claude 
                  Scott
               



             and Co. This cheque was paid at our house on the 29th of July, the day it is dated.


                  DENNIS 
                  WOODIN
               



            . I am a veterinary surgeon. The prisoner has been my clerk
, but had been discharged on the 1st of July; he had access to my accounts, and could know who was indebted to me - some papers were found on him, and among the rest is the sum due from Mr. Biers, extracted from my books.
Prisoner. That account is not in the paper. Witness. I believe it was, but I have not seen the paper since the night he was taken.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Woodin discharged me at a moment's notice - I had no one to apply to, and no means of support - he knows well enough that I had no intention to defraud him, or I could have done it, without leaving myself open to the law of my country - I hope, being my first offence, you will visit it with a light punishment - I meant to have repaid it.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 21. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
1246. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  HERRING
               



             was again indicted for falsely 


               pretending to one 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ingarfield
                        



                     
                  , that he had come from Mr. 
                     
                        Dennis 
                        Woodin
                     



                  , and obtaining from him 3 sovereigns, 16 shillings, and 1 sixpence, with intent to cheat and defraud him thereof
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  INGARFIELD
               



            . I am a fishmonger
, and live at No. 36, Paddington-street



. Mr. Woodin is my veterinary surgeon - I owed him some money; and on the 15th of July, the prisoner called on me, and said he came for Mr. Woodin's bill or account; I said certainly - I took the bill off the file; it was 4l. 11s. - I said, "Mr. Woodin owes me a little bill for fish; I suppose that is to be deducted" - he said certainly - I made the deduction and paid him 3l. 16s. 6d.


                  DENNIS 
                  WOODIN
               



            . This gentleman owed me this money, but on the 15th of July the prisoner was not in my employ - I did not send him for it, and I never had the money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HODGE
               



            . (police-constable N 97). I took the prisoner - I found some papers on him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years longer
            .
