






1278. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, 1 watch, value 16l.; 2 gold chains, value 28l., and 1 gold cross, value 11l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Rowlands
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROAD ROWLANDS
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Rowlands
               



            , a watch-maker and jeweller
, in Coventry-street


. On the afternoon of the 7th of May, the prisoner came to my father's shop - he was then dressed in a blue frock-coat, and light trousers; I was behind the counter, and he asked to look at a gold watch which he pointed out - I took it out of the window, showed it him, and told him the price was seventeen guineas; he then asked to look at a gold chain, and a gold cross, which were in the other window; he then said, if he left the money, would we allow him to take the things to show to his lady, who was confined to her bed - I said certainly; he then said he was going a little further, and he would call as he came back - he returned in about five or ten minutes, told me to put up the things, and said he had a coach waiting at the door, and if I would go with him, the lady could see the things, and settle the business at once; while I was packing up the things, he asked to look at a gentleman's gold chain which was in the window, which I told Davies (our lad) to reach - I showed it to the prisoner; he asked the price, I said 8l. 10s. - he told me to put that up with the rest, which I did; before I had finished putting them up, he got into the coach - told me to follow him, which I did; the coach then drove to Jermyn-street - while we were in the coach he said his lady was confined with a little boy, and he wished to make her a present on the occasion; the coach stopped at the door of No. 103 - the servant opened the door; he went into the passage, and went up stairs - I asked if I should follow him; he said, "Yes, come up;" we went up, and he asked me for the things - I said should I show them to the lady; he said he would step in and see - he then went into an adjoining room, came to me, and said the lady was in bed, it would not be prudent for me to go in; I thought I heard him talking in the small room where he said the lady was in bed - I sat down and waited some time, till the servant came up and said there was a young man waiting for me; I went down, and found our young man, who had come after the coach, and had been waiting outside - he then knocked at the door, and the servant let him into the passage; he asked me if the gentleman had settled, as he was gone - I ran up stairs, and opened the door of the room the prisoner had gone into - I saw a bed, which appeared not to have been touched, but a little cane which the prisoner had had in his hand was laying on it, and I saw there was another door in the room, leading to the landing-place; I then went down, and asked the servant if that gentleman lodged there, or if there was any lady there - she said No, the gentleman had only come a little before to look at the lodgings.
Prisoner. He says I was dressed in a blue frock-coat - it was just the contrary; he says again that I asked for a gentleman's chain - this is contrary to the statement he made before. Did you feel satisfied that I was speaking to a person inside? Witness. Yes.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  ROWLANDS
               



            . I live in Conventry-street. I was not in the shop the first time the prisoner came, but I came down while the articles were packing up. I said to my son, "I suppose I need not give you any caution, be careful;" and I afterwards said to the lad, "Do go after them and keep watch, for I am not satisfied that this is right;" the property was worth full 50l.
Prisoner. Q.Can you tell what dress the person had on? A.You had a blue coat and a black stock; I have no kind of doubt you are the person - I know you from your general appearance; I said before Sir Richard Birnie that I was quite certain of you - I had a description of the mark over your right eye, from the lady to whose house you went to look at the lodging.


                  EDWARD 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ. I am quite certain the prisoner is the person I saw at my master's shop; I remember the things being taken in the coach by my young master - I happened to be in the Temple on the 9th of June, and saw the prisoner there; I knew him the instant I saw him, and followed him to Fleet-street, where I met Jenkins, the Police-constable - the instant the prisoner saw me speak to Jenkins, he turned and ran into the Temple; Jenkins and I followed him - I called Stop thief! and he was taken in one of the squares in the Temple; he was dressed as a gentleman, in a blue coat, when he was at my master's, and when I saw him in the Temple, he was dressed as he is now, except that he had a black stock on - I have not the least doubt he is the man who came to my master's.
Prisoner. Q. Was it a frock coat, or a dress coat I had on at your master's? A. I believe it was a dress coat, but I am not exactly confident - I recognized you in the Temple before I spoke to the officer; there was no one with you then - I saw you give a letter to a man; I believe you took the same course to go back again - you did not stop at all; you ran as fast as you could till you got to a place which was no thoroughfare - I knew him in a minute.


                  ROBERT 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner, who was pointed out to me by this witness - what he has stated is correct.


                  LUCY 
                  BRENNANE
               



            . I live at No. 103, Jermyn-street. The prisoner came to my house on the 7th of May, about halfpast eleven o'clock, and made some inquiries respecting a lodging; he said he would call again, and he came about three - he told me he should call again with his brother about three; I am quite sure he is the person.
Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect what dress I had on? A. Yes, a blue coat, and I think it was a dress coat, but I am not sure; I recollect these young gentlemen coming, but I knew nothing of their business.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LEAHY
               



            . I am servant at the house. The prisoner came to my mistress on the 7th of May, and I let him in to look at the apartments which were then to let on the first floor; he came a second time at half-past twelve o'clock - he came a third time between two and three, with young Mr. Rowlands, and they went up stairs; the prisoner desired him to follow him up - the prisoner then came down stairs; my mistress told me to take him up some pens and paper, which I did, and he was gone - the young man then came; I went and told Mr. Rowlands - I am certain the prisoner is the person.
Prisoner. Q.What do you know me by? A. By your face; I do not recollect your dress - I told you twice that I always let the apartments, but you asked to see my mistress.

Prisoner's Defence. I am a native of the United States - there are some gentlemen at Liverpool who would give me a good character, but I have not sent to them, feeling conscious of my innocence; I am not the man - I do not know that I ever wore a blue frock coat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
