




52. 




JOHN COLE
 and 




WILLIAM HERMITAGE
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Samuel Childs, on the 
27th of October, at 
St. Mary Abbot, Kensington, and stealing there in 921lbs. of wax, value 8l., his goods.






ROBERT WILLIAM ANDERSON
. I am a wax and tallow-chandler, and live at No. 62, Marylebone-lane. About nine o'clock in the morning of the 30th of October, the prisoner Hermitage came to my shop, with a basket—I am sure he is the person—It contained cakes of wax, cast in plates and dishes—he asked if I bought wax-pieces—I said, "Yes"—I put them into my scale, and asked where he got them—he said he collected bog-wash and kitchen-stuff, and that he bought them of the servants—I said I know better, and asked him who they belonged to—he said they belonged to him—I said I knew better, and asked him again; and he said they belonged to his father—I asked him where his father was—he said he was in High-street, with the horse and cart—I said, "Well, leave the wax; send your father, and I will pay him for it"—he took the basket away, leaving the wax in the scale—I followed him down the lane, and when I got into High-street, I found Cole wheeling a barrow—Hermitage had overtaken him, and was talking to him—I went up, and said. "You brought some wax to my shop just now"—he said to cole, "Where have you got this wax form?"—he said it was his own—I said that would not do—I looked about for a policeman, but could see none—I then said the best way would be for them to walk on the pavement, and I would wheel the barrow to the station-house, with the wax in it—they did so; and I wheeled the barrow till they came to William-street, Tottenham-court-road, and there they ran away—here is the wax which was brought to my shop—I weighed

the whole together at the station-house—It was 92lbs., and is worth about 1s. 11d., a pound, wholesale price.

Hermitage. He asked me who it belonged to, and I said, to a man up at the top of the street. Witness. He did not; he at first said it belonged to himself, and then to his father, who had a horse and cart down the lane.

Cole. Q. Can you swear this is all wax, or is it composition? A. It is mixed with tallow—that is done to adulternate it—It ocntains nothing else that I am aware of—all wax-chandlers, in making wax candles, use a composition, to the best of my knowledge—I took the wax from the basket myself—you did not object to follow me to the station-house—I put the wax into the basket while my brother minded the barrow.

COURT. Q. Have you looked at the articles? A. Yes; I believe it to be mixed with tallow—I should call it wax.

JURY. Q. Was the wax left at the police-office? A. I looked it there myself, and left it there after weighing it—It is the same wax—It had been in charge of an officer—I know it is the same—wax candles are not really all wax.

Cole. Q. When you went to the station-house did you not say it was old wax candles melted down, and a parcel of other things together? A. No; I could not give 1s. 11d., a-pound for it, but it is worth that to manufacture into candles.

COURT. Q. You wheeled the barrow to the office? A. Yes; what was in the basket it what was produced at the shop—the rest is in a sack here—they correspond.





JAMES NOBLE
 (police-sergeant.) I received the wax in the basket, and what was in the sack in the barrow, from the last witness—It is in the same state as then—on Friday, the 30th of October, I went to North-row, Earl's-court, Kensington, and found the two prisoners in bed together—I told them I wanted them to go to London—Cole said, "What for?"—I said, "You know as well as I do"—he then said, "Never mind, Bill, it is only a b----old sack, I don't care a b----the sooner I am out of this country the better, I want to transported"—I took them to the station—after they dressed, in the adjoining room to where they were in bed, I found what I should call a brief for counsel—I found a key in the pocket of a jacket, which was brought to the station in the barrow.

MR. ANDERSON. There was jacket in the barrow.

Cole. Q. You say that is the property you put in the scale; was not the basket emptied at the office, and all of it shot into the sack? A. No, it was notit was kept separate.





JAMES NOBLE

re-examined. In consequence of information, I went to No. 18, William-street, Chiswick, and tried the key to the door of that house, and it opened—I found a dog chained up in the lower part of the house, and up stairs I found a sack with the name of W. Walker, jun., Enfield Highway, on it, and some basins, saucers, and dishes, with wax on them, as if wax had been melted in them—I have compared this wax with those dishes and things, and they fit—they had been as if melted into them.

Cole. When he came to our house he burst the door open, without asking to be let in. witness. I did not, I opened it with the key.





FRANCIS GOUGH
. I went with Noble to No. 18, William-street, and found the basins, and dishes, and things—I afterwards went to Mr. Child's, Earl's-court, Kensington, between two or three miles from Chiswick—he is a wax-bleacher—I found the bar of the window of his store-room forced—I

went to No. 14, North-row—I know that Cole had occupied apartments there for some time—Cole's house and Child's are within one hundred yards of cach other—I observed on a wooden fence separating Cole's premises from some unoccupied premises, some wax dropped, and the second fence was broken down.

Cole. Q. You say the bar was wrenched out; in what state was the premises? A. The bar hung by a part of a screw at the top, and the moment I touched it found it was off—there were no shutters to the window—the bars are not more than six or seven inches apart—I did not measure them—there was room enough for a good-sized boy to get in—I could not perceive any exact mark of violence—the bar was out, except the top screw—It could easily be turned up—I traced the wax in the way from your premises to the warehouse, but not all the way.





SAMUEL CHILDS
. I am a wax bleacher and chandler, and live in Earl's Court. Cole worked for me about two years ago—I went with officers to Chiswick, and found the wax in pots and pans at the premlses in William-street—here are two lots of wax, one from the barrow, and the other from the basket—I have compared the wax in the pans with the rest, and they correspond; and that found in the house is of the same quality as I have on my premises—my window was broken open—I had seen it a few days before all right.

Cole. Q. Can you swear that is your property? A. Certainly not, what is here; but what was found on your premises I can swear to—It is not genuine wax, certainly—there is no tallow in it—mine is a large manufactory—I suspected I had lost some—when I saw the property at the station-house, I said I had lost none of that description, because it had been melted—some might have been stolen from the bleaching-ground, but this was stolen from my warehouse—I do not positively say I lost any property, but I suspect it—I may have about two tons in that ware-house—I do not go to the warehouse every day—I had not missed any property of that description—the property found it wax and spermaceti—I am positive my premises have been entered.

JURY. Q. Can you swear to any of the wax being yours? A. Yes, this found on the premises—I could pick it out of five hundred different sorts—the grain corresponds, and no two parcels of wax can correspond in grain—this was found in the house, No. 14.

Cole's Defence. On the Tuesday before I was taken, I went to Brentfore-market; and as I was purchasing some potatoes, some pig dealers said they had wax pieces and composition candles from a gentleman's house to sell, and, understanding about such things, I bought them—I had taken the house at Chiswick the Saturday before—I thought it not worth while to take it to Earl's-court, and took it to Chiswick, and there malted it; and on Friday I took it to London to sell it, and sent it to Anderson's shop to know what he would give for it—he came out to me, threw the basket down, and I thought he had sold it—Anderson asked me to fellow him to the station-house—my wife was with me, and bad a young child in her arms—she said I had better go and look for the man I bought if of—I said, "I will, "and my wife followed the barrow to the station-house—had I not bought it, I should not have sent my wife and child to to follow the property to the station-house—I then went up William-street to Tottenham-court-road, expecting to find the man I bought it of—my wife did not come home; and knowing she had relations where she often

stopped, I thought nothing of it—the witness came to the house when I was in bed—I heard a woman say in the passage, "They will be transported for this"—I said I was sure I should not, for I bought it—the officers called up the landlady, and said, "Does he owe you any rent?"—she said, "Yes"—he said, "Take charge of his goods and chattels;" and my wife and two children were turned into the street.

Hermitage's Defence. I know nothing of it—I was employed by Cole.





SAMUEL CHILDS

re-examined. My house is in parish of Saint Mary Abbott, Kensington.

COLE— 



GUILTY of Larceny only. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

HERMITAGE— 



GUILTY of Larceny. Aged 17.




Confined Three Months.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

