





1363. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., and 1 other handkerchief, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Vernon
                        



                     
                  ; 4 half-crowns, 1 sixpence, 2 shillings, and 2 pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Doran
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DORAN
               



            . I am a ballast-heaver
. On the night of the 29th of May I slept with a work-mate, named 
               
                  John 
                  Macquire
               



            , at Mrs. Vernon's - I left my money in my coat pocket by the bed-side; there were four half-crowns, one sixpence, two shillings, and 2d. - I went to bed between twelve and one o'clock; the prisoner came into the room between three and four o'clock in the morning; I knew her by sight before - she awoke us, and asked us to drink some beer, which she gave us out of a mug; I fell asleep again, and when I awoke again all this property was gone - I was present when the officer took her; she denied having any money - she said she had none belonging to me; he searched her, and I told him what I had lost - he found four half-crowns and the apron on her.


                  MARY 
                  VERNON
               



            . I keep the house. I cannot tell how the prisoner got in that morning, but she had been in and out a good deal the fore part of the night - the key was behind the door; she might take it and get in - I got up at seven o'clock in the morning, and missed a handkerchief and apron from the table in the front room.


                  JOHN 
                  RANDLE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner - she denied having any money; I searched her in a public-house, and found three half-crowns in her pocket, one in her bosom, two shillings, and a sixpence - she had an apron on, which she took off, and rolled up; I could not find the handkerchiefs.(Apron produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the money found in her possession was her own, and that she had been drinking with the prosecutor before he went to bed, and paid for what he had.


                  JAMES 
                  DORAN
               



            . I did not see her till she came into our room with the beer in the jug.
Prisoner. Mrs. Vernon knows I was ironing at her house, and the apron was one I had to iron.
MARY VERNON. No, she was not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
