






1334. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  CLEWER
               





             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July

, 1 shawl, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Darnell
               



            .
REBECCA DARNELL. I am a servant
. The prisoner came to my master's, on the 27th of June, with a little boy, and asked for a situation to clean knives and forks - I said my master was not there - she came again, about one o'clock, and spoke to my master - she then went away - in the evening I missed my shawl, which had hung up in the passage which the prisoner came through - my shawl was found at the pawnbroker's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I took in this shawl of the prisoner, on the morning of the 28th of July.


                  JAMES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I took the prisoner for another offence - I did not find the duplicate of this article.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 54.
1335. SARAH CLEWER was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of July

, 2 shawls, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Blake
               



            .


                  ELEANOR 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I am the wife of William Blake: we live in Long-lane



. I lost two shawls out of my drawer, in my bed-room - the prisoner had nurse
d me for five weeks, but I did not lose them then - she came in for a pail of water one day, and I found her on the stairs where she had no right to be.


                  EDWARD 
                  HORN
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker - I have one shawl, which was pawned, I believe, by the prisoner, but I cannot be positive.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker - the prisoner pawned this shawl with me on the 17th of July.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did it from distress - I have four children, and my husband is out of work.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 54. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
