





1264. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHEEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Turner
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  TURNER
               



            . I live in Princes-street, Rotherithe and am a master-mariner
. On the 23rd of June, between twelve and one o'clock, I was in Bishopsgatechurch-yard


 - I had used my handkerchief in Houndsditch; I was walking with a friend, and did not perceive it taken - I saw a boy running before me, and a man pursuing him; the man touched my friend on the shoulder, and said something which I did not hear - I felt my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone; I kept the prisoner in sight till he was stopped; the person who pursued showed me my handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  LEACH
               



            . I am a porter. I was in Bishopsgate church-yard, near Broad-street. I heard a person call Stop him! and I stopped the prisoner; I saw him throw the handkerchief away about two yards before I stopped him - he was alone; I never lost sight of him - I saw the officer take up the handkerchief.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM MORGAN
               



            . I am a City-officer. I was in Houndsditch, and saw the prisoner with two boys; they all three turned up Bishopsgate church-yard after Mr. Turner and a gentleman; the two boys walked first and Sheen behind them - nearly opposite the church-yard they made a stop, and some man that was going on before them ran forward; I went to catch hold of Sheen and the other - Sampson, who was taken, stopped; he did not run; I saw Sheen throw the handkerchief away as he ran: it was produced, and Mr. Leach claimed it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Limehouse to look for work - there was a cry of Stop thief! several boys ran round the corner; the gentleman laid hold of me, and accused me of throwing down the handkerchief; I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
