





1463. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  BUCK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of May
, 1 crown, 4 half-crowns, 6 shillings, and 4 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  Cort 
                  Christoffer
               




            .
MARY CHRISTOFFER. I am the wife of Cort Christoffer - we keep the Rose and Crown




. On the 28th of May, about ten minutes to eleven o'clock night, there were four half-crowns, ten shillings, and six sixpences, in the till - I saw the prisoner open the till, and put his hand in; I had seen him before - he went out - I gave the alarm; the Policeman went after him, but could not find him for a day or two - the prisoner said he was looking for some pins.
Prisoner. You said you were in the parlour, attending to some customers at the time. Witness. I did not - I saw you go from the parlour into the bar, and then put your hand in and go out - I had put the money there just before.
HENRY SEEDOP. I saw the prisoner in the bar with his hand in the till - he shut the till again, and came outside; I saw he had 1s. in his hand - I said, "That does not belong to you:" he went into the bar, and shoved it back again - Mrs. Christoffer came out of the parlour at the time.
JOHN ROBINSON. I received information of the robbery, and looked after the prisoner, but could not find him till the Sunday - I told him what I took him for; he asked what I thought would be the result of it, and what he had better say; he said he was drunk at the time - I found four duplicates on him, one is for a handkerchief, which the prosecutor says was across a house.


                  MARY 
                  CHRISTOFFER
               



            . I had counted the money not two minutes before I saw him there, and had put it in a bit of paper - he said he was looking for pins.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
