




2597. 




ROBERT BROWN
 and 




JOSHUA NOADES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of September, 1 cloak, value 10a., the goods of 



Howard Hanby.






HOWARD HANBY
. I am in the employ at a house, No. 62, New Bond-street I had a cloak, which I saw safe in the afternoon of last Thursday, the 19th of September, in the passage of the private part of the house—I was informed it was stolen between six and seven o'clock in the evening—this is it—(looking at it)—the door might be pushed open, as the servants are careless.





WILLIAM WILLIAMS
. I live in New Compton-street, Soho. I was passing along New Bond-street, and saw the two prisoners standing at No. 62—presently I saw Brown push open the private door—he was in about three minutes, and then brought the cloak out under his arm—a policeman, was standing at the corner of the street, two doors off—Brown turned the

same corner of the street, and gave it to Noades, who carried it alone—I watched them into Regent-street, and then went to the station-house and described them—I went with a policeman, and found them at the Cock public-house, in New-street, St. James's, both together, and the cloak lying on the form where they were—I pointed them out.

Noades He is an uttered of base coin, I have seen it in his hands repeatedly in Seven Dials, and he has been in the House of Correction. Witness. I was never there in my life, and was never charged with uttering base coin—I never did so—I never knew the prisoners before—I have been out of employ about three weeks.

Brown. I know him to be an utterer, and he has been committed for it—he showed me a bad crown-piece some days before.





GEORGE DAVIS
. I am a policeman. Williams gave me information—I knew him before as a wheelright, but never as an utterer of base coin—I went with him to the Cock, in New-street, and found about thirty thieves in the house—I said to Williams, "Don't you make a mistake; are they the two men?"—he said, "Yes, they are"—Brown was sitting on a bench, close against the cloak, and Noades was standing up by the fire, close by him, lighting his pipe—the servant of the house there said the cloak belonged to her, but she got away—I took them into custody.

BROWN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

NOADES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 31




Transported of Seven Years.
