






NEW COURT. Monday, January 2, 1834.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
313. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     COX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
The witnesses did not appear.



               NOT GUILTY
            .


                  HENRY 
                  COX
               



             was again indicted for 


               embezzlement and larceny
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  DIGNAM
               





            . I am a solicitor
 - the prisoner was in my service - I intrusted him with a sum of money for the general purposes of the office - he had to pay the fees in the case of Godding and Abbott, in the Court of King's Bench - he told me he had paid 2l. 16s. 6d. for Court fees - I have his book here, in which it was his duty to put down any money he laid out, and he has put down 2l. 16s. 6d. - I afterwards had some conversation with the clerk of the King's Bench, and spoke to the prisoner - I told him I could find no voucher for 1l. 7s., which was the amount of marshall's fees in that case - he said the voucher for the marshall's fees was with the record, and he had paid it - I am sure he said that.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. I believe you were unwell at the time? A. Yes; it was on the 27th of November - I was ill and not able to attend business - the prisoner had to conduct the case of Godding and Abbott - I gave him money at various times, and he received money from other persons which he has entered in this book.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY WATERS
               



            . I am clerk to the Chief Justice of the King's Bench - I remember the trial of Godding and Abbott - the marshall's fees in that case amounted to 1l. 7s. - I asked the prisoner for them - he said he would call on the morrow and pay them - I afterwards demanded them of Mr. Dignam, and he paid them - the prisoner did not call the next day as he promised - I did not see him again till he was in custody.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe it was a busy day? A. No, it was not - that was the very last case we had that day - I do not remember the prisoner having the ticket for thesefees of me, and it was not likely he had, as I found I had it afterwards - I do not think it likely that I gave it him and here turned it.
JAMES DIGNAM re-examined. Q. You say you had a case of Godding and Abbott, did you give the prisoner any money specifically for the charges of that case? A. He had sufficient money in hand for the general purposes of the office - it was his duty to apply any money he had in hand for that case, and he told me he had done it - he told me he had paid the marshall's fees in that case, amounting to 1l. 7s. - I told him I had looked among the papers and could not find the usual voucher for them - he said he had paid them, and the voucher was with the record - the prisoner was in the receipt of monies, and he had a balance of several pounds in his hands - he received on the 23d of November, from the defendant Abbott, 8l., expressly to pay the court and counsel fees in that case - he received that 8l. for me - he accounts in his book for the receipt of this 8l.
Cross-examined. Q. This book is kept by the prisoner? A. Yes, it is in his handwriting - I had access to the book, but I was confined by illness; but he brought the book to me - I cannot tell whether he brought it between the 23d and the 27th of November, it is probable that he did, and that I saw this entry of the 8l.; if I did, I allowed the money to remain in his hands, for the purposes of the office; but he told me that Abbott had paid the 8l. - I cannot tell when he told me so - he had money from me as he wanted it.
Prisoner's Defence. During the last few months, the want of employment, and other circumstances, had involved me in difficulties, from which I could not extricate myself, which made me a prey to care and anxiety. In this state I entered my prosecutor's service, where I had a prospect of retrieving my circumstances, which have been disappointed. Just before the trial, for which the fees in question were payable, I had seen the prosecutor, he expressed himself satisfied with my attention to the business, and said, no doubt Mr. Abbott would make me an acknowledgment, and give me two sovereigns; this was peculiarly agreeable to me, and, having a balance in my hands belonging to the prosecutor, I was not so careful of it as I should have been; after the trial, in that case, I paid the jury fees, and took the ticket for them. I then went to Mr. Waters, he handed me the ticket for the Marshall's fees, but having only 8s. or 10s. I could not pay them; I told him I would go and get the money of Mr. Abbott; I went to see for him, but could not find him. I returned to the Court, gave Mr. Waters the ticket back, and told him I would call and pay him the first time I passed that way. I then went to the prosecutor's house and told him the verdict was for his client; he was much pleased, took me by the hand, and gave me wine, but I never received the two sovereigns; and then my hopes were disappointed. I intended to pay these fees, but as I knew they were not wanted, I did not pay them immediately, though every professional man knows I could not have taxed the costs without paying them, and I should therefore have done so. I beg to state, that on the morning of the day on which the prosecutor gave me into custody, he informed me he thought I should not suit him, and desired me to leave, and call the next morning to balance my book. I said it was unusual to leave at so short a notice, and we both agreed that I should stay the week; and I had every opportunity of making my escape. I will not deny that my conduct has been imprudent, but I trust, for the sake of my friends, you will pause before you pronounce a verdict, (which will brand me with infamy) - for which I shall be truly grateful to the latest period of my life.
MR. DIGNAM. The prisoner had no opportunity of escaping after this charge was made - the costs could not have been taxed without this money having been paid - I generally tax the costs myself, and then I must have sworn that these fees had been paid, but the master would have required to see the ticket for them.
Prisoner. Have I not taxed the costs while you were ill? Witness. Yes.
JURY. Q. Did you not promise him two sovereigns, or lead him to expect them from Abbott? A.Never.
Francis Hebert, solicitor, and Thomas Dunnett, of Grange Court, Carey-street, gave the prisoner a good character.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - Recommended to mercy by the Jury. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
