




1477. 




JULIA DUNBAR
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of May, 1 watch, value 8l.; 1 watch chain, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 10s.; 1 watch key, value 2s.; 1 split ring, value 1s.; 1 guard chain, value 15s.; 1 sovereign, 2 half-crowns, and 7 shillings; the goods and monies of 



William Hogg: and 




FLORENCE M'CARTHY



, for feloniously receiving 1 seal, 1 watch key, and 1 split ring, part of the same; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.







WILLIAM HOGG
. I am master of the Albion, which was lying at Mill-hole. On Saturday, the 4th of May, I got rather intoxicated, and went to No. 14, Vinegar-lane, with a friend—I found Dunbar in the house—I went into a room with her, and gave her a sovereign—I had another sovereign left—she brought me 12s. or 13s. change—I went to bed there, put my clothes on a chair, and my watch under the pillow, with a gold chain, seal, key, and silver guard—about four o'clock next morning I was awoke by a policeman, and Dunbar was gone—I missed my watch and money, accompanied the policeman to a public-house, and saw Dunbar—my watch was taken from her bosom, in my presence.





JOHN BRINDLE
. I live in Christian-street I slept in Vinegar-lane on the 4th of May, with Mary Ann Reed—about half-past three o'clock in the morning, as I was in bed, I heard a noise at the back door—Reed went and opened the door, and it was Dunbar—she came in and said, "I have come over the palings of No. 4—I robbed a man of his watch, which I put in the kitchen, and a sovereign, which I put under the carpet—will you let me have a pair of slippers, and a bonnet, and shawl?"—Reed would not—Dunbar said, "Don't you think I will pay you for them?"—she said, "I think not"—Dunbar then went away—I told Reed to open the window and call a policeman, but she could not see one—I watched at the window—in about a quarter of an hour I saw two policemen, and gave them information.

Dunbar. Q. Do not you keep a bad house? A. I do not—I had not seen the prosecutor that night.





BENJAMIN HARRIS
 (police-Constable K 19.) I was spoken to by Brindle at the corner of King David-lane, Shadwell—I took the prosecutor to the Crown and Anchor, in Brook-street, and found Dunbar in front of the bar—she was a good deal the worse for liquor—I told her I had been looking for her, as she had robbed the master of a vessel of his watch and some money—she said, "So help me, God, I will not go by myself"—I gave her in charge of the sergeant, and asked the landlady, in her presence, if she had left any property there—she said she had left a silver guard, having had a quartern of gin, and no money to pay for it—she gave it to me—I then went to the Queen Catherine public-house, about three hundred yards off, and found M'Carthy there—I told him I was informed he had been in company with Julia, who had robbed a captain of a watch and money, and I expected he had the seal and key in his possession—he was quiet, and made no answer for some minutes—I told him to feel in his pocket—he said then, "It is right, I have got it," but he did not produce it—I found the seal, key, and ring, in his left hand pocket—he said the girl had given them to him—he appeared about three parts intoxicated—I took him to the station-house—Dunbar was a good deal the worse for liquor—this was about a quarter past five o'clock in the morning.





JOSEPH VERE
 (police-sergeant K 16.) I went into the house with Harris, and took Dunbar into custody, and took the watch out of her bosom—she had no bonnet, shoes, nor shawl on.





MARY DOUGLAS
. I am the wife of John Douglas, and live in Lower Cornwall-street. I search female prisoners at the station-house—I searched Dunbar, and this gold chain dropped from her clothes.





WILLIAM HOGG

re-examined. This is my watch, chain, and guard—I did not find the sovereign.





THOMAS BRINDLE

re-examined. I found a half-crown under the carpet of the room the prosecutor had been in, but no sovereign—Dunbar was not sober when I saw her.

(M'Carthy put in a written defence, stating that he was intoxicated, and met a woman, who persuaded him to go to a public-house, where she gave the landlord a watch—after drinking there he was unconscious of what followed, till he found himself at the station-house.)

DUNBAR—


GUILTY
.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years. M'CARTHY—


NOT GUILTY
.
