





1220. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     POULDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., and 1 snuff-box, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Wooly 
                        Simpson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM WOOLY SIMPSON. I have an office in Bucklersbury, and live at Chelsea. On the 13th of May, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was returning from my banker's to my office; by the back of the Mansion-house


, I felt something - turned round, and saw a lad with my snuff-box and handkerchief in his hand - they had been taken from my pocket; I made an effort to lay hold of him, and he dropped them immediately - there were three of them in company; immediately as I turned round I saw the prisoner - he was in possession of my property afterwards; the one who dropped it ran away, and the prisoner took them up immediately - I pursued, and was very near the prisoner when he was laid hold of; he had put the box into his pocket, for while I was in pursuit I saw him take it from his pocket, and throw it down - I saw part of my handkerchief hanging out of his pocket at the time he was taken; the box is silver, and worth 2l.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUTCHINS
               



            . I am a hair-manufacturer. About four o'clock in the afternoon, I heard a cry of Stop thief! in the Poultry; the prisoner was running as hard as he could - I went and caught hold of him; he instantly struck me in the eye - I then let go of him; he got about twenty yards further, and was secured - I have no doubt of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am under beadle of Cheap ward. I was at the bottom of the Poultry, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I turned round, and saw Hutchins catch hold of the prisoner; he struck him a violent blow in the eye with his fist, and I suppose the box was in that hand, for I saw dust fly - Hutchins let him go, and I saw Neale take him; I am certain of him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NEALE
               



            . I am one of the City Police. I was opposite the Mansion-house, heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running in the middle of the road, between the coaches - I pursued, and took him; I searched him at the Mansion-house, but he had nothing then.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
