






OLD COURT. - Tuesday, July 8th.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1077. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BRIDGEN
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PAGE
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Mills
                     



                  , on the 23d of June
, at St. Pancras


, and stealing therein 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 2 knives, value 6d.; 1 pair of tweezers, value 1d.; 1 tweezer-case, value 1d.; and 1 neckcloth, value 6d.; the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Lloyd
                     



.
MR. LEE conducted the Prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  BUGDEN
               



             (policeman S 28). On the 23d of June, about ten o'clock at night, I was on duty in Euston-square, and saw the prisoners pass me - Page had a white hat - I watched them, and followed them a considerable distance, and then lost sight of them, about Seymour-place - in consequence of inquiry I made, I was induced to go to the residence of Mr. Mills - a spot was pointed out to me, which induced me to make inquiry at the prosecutor's - I made an arrangement there, and proceeded down the yard to the stable of Mr. Mills - when we got to the stable, I heard a cry of, "Here they are - run the other way, and stop them" - and immediately after I found Bridgen in the custody of Ashley, a policeman - he had no shoes on - I saw sufficient of Bridgen, when he passed me, to know him when I saw him in custody - as I took him to the station-house, his hat dropped off - it appeared to me intentional - I told Budd to take it up, and put it on his head, and in it I found a handkerchief, waistcoat, penknife, and tweezers - I searched him in the station-house, and found a waistcoat, a cravat, and these two penknives, on him - in consequence of information, I went to Robert Mews, Hampstead-road, about one o'clock that morning, and there took Page - as I took him to the station-house, I asked him when he had seen Bridgen - he told me he had not seen him since seven o'clock that evening - ten minutes or a quarter of an hour elapsed from my losing sight of them at the corner of Seymour-place, and taking Bridgen into custody at the stable - when I apprehended Page, a white hat was lying by the side of the bed - he was in bed at the time - I know the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Pancras.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES BUDD
               



             (policeman S 123). About one o'clock on the night of the 23d of June, I recollect seeing the prisoners coming down Southampton-place, New-road, eight or nine hundred yards from Mr. Mills' premises - in consequence of information, I went and stationed myself within Mr. Mills' premises - I went to the room where the groom sleeps, and heard a noise above me - I cannot say whether it was more than one person - I ran into the bed-room, and saw the prisoner Bridgen getting out of the window, but I could not catch him - I hallooed out, "Stop thief, here they are," and saw him taken - I found the portmanteau produced, in the room cut open, and one leg of a pair of trowsers hanging out of it - two of the straps were cut through, and one nearly so - I was present when the property was found on Bridgen at the station-house.


                  JOHN 
                  ASHLEY
               



             (policeman S 5). I was passing down the road by Mr. Mills' premises - I saw Bridgen drop off the wall - I met him and stopped him - there might have been more than one person, and I not know it.
WILLIAM LLOYD. I am groom
 to Mr.
 John Mills, of Euston-square


. I only went to my place on this day (23rd) - I had a sleeping-room over the stables, but I did not sleep there that night - I saw this portmanteau there - it was not cut then - it was packed up safe about four o'clock in the afternoon - this waistcoat and handkerchief, knives, tweezers and case, belong to me - I don't know how the persons got into the place - the doors were all fastened except a small window which this man got out of; that had been left open for air - when I went to the place the outer door was not locked; it was only latched - that is the garden door from the stable - my room is over the stable - there was no ladder found by the window - I think the thieves got in at the window.
COURT. Q. To get to the yard where the window is, must they have opened the stable door? A. Yes; and that door was on the latch - I had shut it about ten o'clock at night, or half-past.
BRIDGEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
PAGE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
