





817. 




JOHN HARRINGTON,



 ELLEN DELANEY
, and 




MARGARET HALSTEAD
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
25th of February, 1 jacket, value 1l. 4s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; the goods of 



William Young.






WILLIAM YOUNG
. I am a seaman, and belong to Sunderland, but lodge at Mrs. Martin's, in New Gravel-lane. Last Saturday week I got intoxicated, and went to the Pavior's Arms, Ratcliff-highway—I did not go further than the bar—I was standing there, getting a pint of beer—the three prisoners came up to me, and one of them asked me to give them a drink of beer—they took me away somewhere, and I afterwards found myself in the street without my jacket and handkerchief—I had not given it to either of them—I was too drunk to remember any of the particulars, but I was sober when I met them, and am quite sure they are the persons.


Halstead. Q. Did you not ask me to sell the handkerchief on my neck? A. No—you did not give it me, nor did I pay you for it—some thing was said about my paying for beer—it was about half-past nine o'clock in the morning when I first saw you.





FRANCIS RAWLINS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Carpenter, pawnbroker Charles-street, St. George's, East. On Saturday, between eleven and twelve o'clock, a jacket was pawned with me by Delaney.

Delaney. I was never in the shop at all. Witness. I am sure she is the person.





HENRY KHUHMAN
. I live in Brook-street, St. George's East I know the three prisoners by sight—I saw them last Saturday along with the prosecutor—I saw Harrington take him into No. 30, Angel-gardens—the other two followed in behind—the prosecutor had his jacket on then, and a handkerchief on his neck—Young went up stairs, and Delaney with him—Harrington remained in the passage—I saw young come down stairs again by himself, without his handkerchief and jacket, and Harrington, who was in the passage, took him nearly up to the top of the gardens; and then I saw the two girls come out—Delaney had something in her apron—I saw her go into Mr. Carpenter's, the pawnbroker—they then came down the gardens together, and Delaney gave Halstead some money, and both went towards the highway.





WILLIAM COOPER
. I live in Cornwall-street. Last Saturday I saw the three prisoners, about one o'clock, come down Angel-gardens—harrington had bold of Young's arm, and the two girls were behind—Young had his jacket on then—he went into No. 30, Angel-gardens—I afterwards saw him come out without jacket or handkerchief on—I was with Khuhman, and saw all that he did—Harrington took the prosecutor up to the top of Angel-gardens, and then the two women came out—Delaney had something in her lap—one went to the pawnbroker's box, and came out; and then they went on to Mr. Skilt's, and came down Angel-gardens talking—I then saw Delaney give the other something—I only speak of the time by guess.

Halstead. The money Delaney gave me was for a handkerchief Young had given me.





ROGER JUDGE
 (police-constable K 260.) On the 25th of February I saw the prosecutor about two o'clock, and went with him to the Pavior's Arms, where I found Delaney, and took her into custody—nothing passed between us—I took Halstead at four o'clock—she denied knowing any thing about it—I found a yellow silk handkerchief on her, and 2s. 9d. in money.





GEORGE HUNT
. I am a policeman. I took Harrington into custody about nine o'clock on Saturday evening—he asked what I wanted him for—I told him it was respecting a sailor's jacket—he said he knewn nothing about it, but he had been along with the sailor and the girls to the house in Angel-gardens, and had been drinking with them since—he said, "I don't tare a pin about this concern, I can easily get over this on Monday".





WILLIAM YOUNG

re-examined. This is my jacket, and the one I had on the Saturday—the yellow handkerchief is not nine—I had no money about me.

Harrington's Defence. He said at the Thames' police-office that he did not recollect being in my company, but I owned myself to being in his company—he got groggy and sick—I led him outside the door—he asked me to take him to a lodging, and I took him to this place, and stooped by the door—in about ten minutes he came down stairs—I said, "Where are

you going? where is your jacket and handkerchief?"—he said, "That is all right, I have left them up stairs, and am going to get some beer"—he went and called for a pint of half-and-half; and had no money to pay for it—I paid for it myself, and then he went out and went away—when the policeman came and took the girls into custody I was there, and he said nothing about me.

Halstead's Defence. I was not at the house with him at all.

HARRINGTON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

DELANEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

HALSTEAD†—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.






Transported for Seven Years.

