



549. 




JOHN LEACH
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving of an evildisposed person on the 
7th of January, 2396 reels of cotton, value 13l.; 36lbs. weight of pins, value 7s.; 54 papers of pins, value 15s.; 13lbs. weight of sewing silk value 13l.; 720 boot-laces, value 1l.; 576 staylaces value 1l. 14s.; and 144 yards of lace, value 15s.; the goods of 



Thomas Buxton; well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN LAW
 (a prisoner.)In January last I was in the service of Mr.

Thomas Buxton a warehouseman and agent in Wood-street—I have been with him two years and four month—I know the prisoner, he lives in Monmouth-street, I think at No. 76—it is a tailor's trimming shop—as I was going up to Westminister with a load, about four months back, the string of my boot broke—I went and delivered my goods and came back, and brought a lace at the prisoner's shop—I saw Mrs. Leach—I had some conversation with her—in consequence of that, I went afterwards to the prisoner's house with goods—it was about four months ago—I took with me a gross of reels—I saw Mr. and Mrs. Leach—I showed them to them—they asked what they were—I told them 9s.—Mr. Leach said he could not think of that, but he offered me 3s., which he gave me for the gross—nothing passed about who I was or where I came from—on the 22nd of January, I went there and took with me ten gross of reel cottons—I gave an invoice with them—Mr. Leach was there sitting by the fire—he opened a paper of cottons, there was the name of Grey on the papers—he asked me to make out the invoice at the price of 5s. 9d. or 6s. a gross—I made it out at 6s., which amounted to 3l.—gave me 1l. 10.—I made out the invoice in the name of Geary as he asked me—I gave him the bill of parcels, and received the money—I know the price of these things, they are 9s. a gross, wholesale—I do not know whether tailors or trimming-sellers use them—I went to him after the 22nd as well as before—I was taken into custody last Tuesday, 2nd of February—no question was put to me by the officer—I went with the officer to Giltspur-street—I told my master about this after I was taken—I had not been to Leach's on the day I was taken—I did not accompany my master or the officer to his house—I have seen the articles which were produced before Mr. Alderman Pirie—the ten gross of reels I sold the prisoner on the 22nd of January, were what I had stolen from Mr. Buxton—they belong to him—I sold some pins after that—I took all these things to the prisoner at different times, between my first seeing him and the 22nd of January—I sold some of them at less than one-third of the price.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You have been there about two years, what salary did you receive? A. 15s. a week—I was in jeopardy myself before I spoke about this transaction—I do not know whether I am to be tried to-day, it may be so—I came here from Giltspur-street Compter—I gave this account to get the property back again—that is my sole motive—I do not know anything about saving myself—I do not understand you—it may save me—I did not tell the prisoner my name—he asked to make the in the name of Geary, it being on some of the reels—I told him no name—3s. a gross was given to me—I made out the invoice at another price, because he asked me—I do not know what his object was—I did not receive all the money that is down in the invoice—I cannot tell now I came to debit myself with the price of 6s——he asked me—I cannot tell what use he intended to make of it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you sold him a variety or articles before he had any invoice? A. Yes he purchased several articles without inquireing my name of Geary, he asked me to make out the invoice in that name.





THOMAS HEXTON
. I live in Wood-street. I am a warehouse man and am consignee of a great quantity of these goods from Manchester and other places—the witness had ben two years and four months in my employ—I began to miss a great quantity of these articles about four or five

months ago—I caused him to be taken into custody, and made inquiries of him, in consequence of which I went with the officers to the prisoner's house—I found him at home—the officers were a little way behind me—I saw Mr. Leach and his son—I asked him if he had got any reels of cotton—I had no description of his person—I asked, "Is this Mr. Leach's?"—he said, "Yes, my name is Leach"—I gate a signal, and the officers came in, and one of them said, "Have you got any goods here that you bought of a young man?"—I understood the prisoner to say he had—I then turned my head round, and said, "These three parcels on the shelf are mine, and these pins are mine too," and told the officers they must search the premises; and under the counter they found twelve or fourteen gross of reel cotton, which I knew to be mine—they were concealed—after these were found. and I identified them, there were some tapes found on the shelf, which we have the manufacture of; but they are imitated by almost every one in the trade—the prisoner said, "These tapes cannot be yours, because I brought them of another person"—I could not swear to them—after the property was found in the shop, the officer asked Leach if he had got any more—he said, "No"—the officers said, "Well, we must look a little further—they went into a room adjoining the shop, there were various articles there, but none mine; but at the side, covered over with paper, behind a chest of drawers, there were 36lbs. of pins, and ten or twelve gross more of the reel cotton—they were mine—they were articles I had missed—we took some sewing silk out of the shop, and then took him away in a coach, with the goods—the selling price of reel cotton is 9s. a gross—we should not sell them for less—I should think a man in the trimming line would know the value of them—the value of the whole of the property here is 33l. 10s.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quiet sure that after you had searched the shop the question was put, had he any more? A. Yes; and he said. "No"—there were some things found afterwards in the back-room—there were some pins found—there was a mark on the paper, by which I know them—it is this coat-of-arms, which is put exclusively on the pins that come to our house, and there is another printed mark without the paper—they do not appear to have been opened—these pins come to our house from Gloucester—other houses have them, but they would have a different mark on them—if they bad this mark they would go through my he had access to them.





JOHN LAW
 re-examined. This is the parcel of pins I sold to the prisoner. Thomas M'sellan. I am an officer of Cripplegate. I went with the other officers to the prisoner's house in Monmouth-street went with the warrant—we had arranged that Mr. Buxton should give a single—I went in and found the prisoner—we searched the shop and found various articles—the prisoner was asked if he had bought any articles of a young man; he said, he had—after we gad found some things in the shop, he was asked if the had any more, he said, no all he had was in the front shop—I went things, the prisoner was then taken into custody.)
(Twelve witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 62.—Recommended in mercy by the Jury.


Transported for seven Years.
