





Fourth Middlesex Jury before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
577. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WISE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the
31st of January
, 1 coal-sack, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Papps
                        




                     
                   and another, his masters
            .


                  HENRY 
                  TRAWARTHERS
               



            . I met the prisoner in the Strand, at one o'clock in the morning of the 31st of January - he had this coal-sack under his frock; knowing him, I followed him, and took him to the station-house - the sack had nothing in it; I suppose he was half a mile from the Adelphi-wharf.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Where was this? A. Near the corner of Adam-street; he appeared as if he had been drinking, but on the way to the station-house he tried to run away, and I was forced to knock him down to take him again.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOTTOMLEY
               



            . I am in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Papps
               



             - we are coal-merchant
s, at the Adelphi-wharf


. The prisoner was in our service five months - this sack is ours; he had no right to have it - it did not belong to the waggon he went with.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he in your service at this time? A. Yes - we very seldom send out single sacks of coals, when we do it is in the day time; if a man had got tipsy, it would not have been an offence for him to have brought the sack back on Monday.
COURT. Q. When you send out a sack you send it with coals in it? A. Yes, and they go in two sacks in general.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAMBLY
               



            . I am a carman to the prosecutors. I know this is one of their sacks.
Cross-examined. Q. Has it any mark on it? A. No, but I have used it, and know it was one of the set of sacks which was brought out on the Monday, and this was on the Saturday night - this has W. H. on it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was employed to trounce the waggon - the sack was used to carry some other sacks in, and I supposed it was left at the Cock and Bottle; I took it to take it home the next morning - I could not get any money of Hambly, and Mr. Bottomley would not pay me.
JURY to MR. BOTTOMLEY. Q. In whose employ was the prisoner? A. In mine - I pay Hambly, and he pays him; I direct the carmen in the trouncers they employ -- they take them from the wharf, but they are approved of by me; there had been no coals sent to the Cock and Bottle - one or two persons on the wharf give their men the sweepings, but I do not; I give them 1l. 2s. 6d. a week instead of the sweepings.
COURT to HENRY TRAWARTHEN. Q. Where did you meet the prisoner? A. Near the bottom of the Shades, walking from the Adelphi towards Temple-bar.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he going from the Cock and Bottle? A. Yes, certainly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
