





496. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS BROWN 
                     FISHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 1 pair of boots, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hollingsworth
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BREWER
               



            . On the 11th of January, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was at my own door, and saw the prisoner come from the prosecutor's door with a pair of boots in his hand, which he put under his coat - he went on the the corner of the New North-road, turned up there, and another boy then joined him; I ran to the prosecutor, and asked if he had sold a pair of boots - he said he had lost a pair; I took him, and showed him the prisoner - he ran faster than I could, and just before he got up to the prisoner, I saw him drop the boots; the prosecutor took them up - he took the prisoner, and brought him back to me; I collared him - he put his hand into his pocket, took out a large goblet, and before I could get hold of his hand, he threw it down and broke it.
Prisoner. It was a strange boy who threw them down. Witness. No, the strange boy was ahead of you.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLLINGSWORTH
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Batchelor-row, Battle-bridge


. I was in my shop serving a gentlemen with a pair of Wellington's - I ran out and pursued the prisoner, who was carrying these boots; I saw him throw them down - I took them up, and took him; they had been hanging inside my door - I saw him throw down a very handsome goblet and break it; I did not see him take the boots, but I missed them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A strange boy came by and threw the boots down - I turned round, and the gentleman caught hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
