




2260. 




SARAH GRIFFITHS
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of August, knives, value 16s.; and 6 forks, value 8s.; the goods of 



William Holmer, her master, and another; and 





MARY ANN CADWALLADER



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been Stolen; to which Cadwallader pleaded





GUILTY
. Aged 21.
(She received a good character, and was recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.) 



Confined Seven Days.

MR. CLARKSON
conducted the prosecution.





WILLIAM LAWLEY
. I keep a general sale shop in parsonage-row, Newington. On the 20th of August, between seven and eight o'clock, the prisoner Cadwallader came to my shop and offered six ivory handled knives and forks for sale, which I now produce—they are quite new, and of a very superior description—the name of Holmer and Shepherd are on the blades—she asked me 7s. 6d. for them—I knew that was nothing like their value, and sent for a constable immediately—Clarke came in, and I left her and confronted with Cadwallader—she said, "Mary Ann, what I have given you?—speak the truth—I have only given you half a dozen knives and forks, which you were to return if you did not approve of them"—I had these knives and forks in my hand in her presence at the time.





JOSEPH CLARKE
. I am a policeman. I was in Newington-road—I received information, and went to Lawley's shop—Cadwallader was delivered into my custody—Lawley left the house to get Grifflths leaving me alone with Cadwallader—while he was gone, she said confusion lived at Mr. Holmer's and apprehended Griffiths, and after they had been confronted together, I took them to the station-house—Cadwallader gave me the key of her lodging, and said I should find a metal tea-pot there, which the cook had given to her—I heard Griffiths say to her, "Why, Mary Ann, I only gave you half a dozen knives and forks"—When I took Griffiths into custody, I told her the charge—she said she know nothing about it—I said she must go with me, and as she went along she took my arm, and said, "What shall I do? Tell me what to do," I said, "Tell me nothing or it will be given in evidence"—she said "I will tell the truth, I did give her the knives—I have got two sovereigns in my pocket, which I will give you to let me go and tell master I go away.
Griffith's. I did not offer him any thing on the sort. Witness. On my soleman oath, she made me the offer three or four times.





SARAH TOWNSEND
. I am at the station house, in Towel-street, Westminster-road, to search female prisoners. I searched Griffiths on this occasion, and found two sovereigns, and 18d. in Silver, on her—she said she had taken a dozen knives and forks to give to a young woman, to how somebody and to bring them back, but she never brought them, and in what account she feared she found betransported.





WILLIAM HOLMER
. I carry on business in the iron trade, in Union-street, through in partnership with Mr. Shepherd. About Christmas last I took Griffiths into my service—I have two daughters and a son at home, and an

elderly lady who has resided with me ten or twelve years—I do not now live with Mrs. Holmer—I have seen the articles in question—they are my property.

Q. On your solemn oath, did you ever take any liberty with Griffiths? A. Never in my life, so help me God—I never came in contact with her breath in my life, to my knowledge.

Griffiths. I mean to say I have received property from Mr. Holmer and the young ladies several times. Witness. I never gave her any property—I am scarcely ever at home—business takes me eight or nine months a year from home on journeys—I never gave her any thing—my daughters reside with me—one is twenty-four years old, and the other seventeen, and my son is just of age.





CHARLES HOLMER
. I am the prosecutor's son, and live at his house. I never gave Griffiths any articles of any description—I never took any liberties with her.

Griffiths. The things I am accused of have been given to me at different times.

GRIFFITHS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
(There were other indictments against the prisoner.)
Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
