





NEW COURT. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
2168. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     BOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 1 half-crown, and 4 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        Ralph 
                        McKeeney
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RALPH McKEENEY. I belong to the brig George
, lying at Stone-stairs. On the night of the 19th of October I met the prisoner at a public-house in Shadwell; we had each a glass of gin, for which I paid - we then walked up Ratcliff-highway


 together, and she had her right arm round me: she put her hand into my right-hand pocket, and whipped it out again - I missed a half-crown and four shillings - I know they had been safe when I was in the public-house; I had a half-crown piece, four shillings, and one sixpence - I was as sober as I am now; she ran away, and I followed - she got out of my sight; I waited for her, as I thought she would come again - I saw her in about three quarters of an hour, and took hold of her; I asked her if she would deliver up my money - she abused me, and would have struck me; I called Police! the officer came, and took her - I do not know what time it was; we were walking in the street, but I dare say it was near midnight; she was going to take me home, but she robbed me before she got home.
Prisoner. Q. Did I take your money? A. Yes, you pulled your hand out of my pocket with the money, and called for two glasses of gin; I had one and the prisoner the other - I objected to pay for it, and told the prisoner to pay, but I did not see any money in her hand; the bar-maid came out, and asked me to pay for it - I was not five minutes in the house; I was not with any other female.



                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAYTON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and found on her two half-crowns, four shillings, two sixpences, and one halfpenny - she claimed it all; I returned one half-crown to her at the office - she said it was the change of a sovereign, that she had bought a pair of shoes, and treated one and another.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERT
               



             GARDE. I am a Police-serjeant. On the morning of 20th of October I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner walking in King David-lane - she had her right-arm round his waist; I said to him, "Do you know what company you are in? he careful, you will be robbed; she is an incorrigible thief;" he made no answer, but went on.
Prisoner. I had slept with a sailor at Mr. Clark's the night before; he gave me the sovereign, and all I had out of it was this hand round my waist, and a pair of shoes- 1 spent about 2s. 6d. in liquor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
