





25. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SMIRKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, 1 waistcoat, value 9s.; 1 silk handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.; 1 coat, value 6s.; 1 pin, value 6d.; 1 seal, value 6d,, and 1 key, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hill
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH HILL. I am pot-boy
 at the Wheatsheaf public-house, Camden-town


. The prisoner, who is a soldier
, came there to sleep on the night of the 18th of November - I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock; he was in bed at that time - I had a trunk in the room, which contained the articles stated; the key was in it - I got up a little after seven o'clock in the morning, and left the prisoner in bed; I went to the room again between two and three - the trunk was then locked and the key gone; I broke it open, and missed this property - I gave notice, and the prisoner was taken just after seven o'clock in the evening; I was present - the pot-boy at the Camden's Head bought a waistcoat of mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am pot-boy at the Camden's Head, Camden-town. The prisoner came in there and sat down, on the 18th of November - he pulled out this waistcoat from his hat, and offered it me for sale for 3s.; I said I would give him 2s. - I was going away, but he called me back and took the 2s.; I gave the same waistcoat to the officer.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I am a labourer, and was at the same house. The prisoner asked me to pawn a handkerchief for him, which I did, at Mr. Capell's, for 2s., and gave him the money.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM CAPELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker at Camden-town. I took in this handkerchief from this witness, on the 18th.


                  RICHARD 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I took the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I never saw the coat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
