



1896. 




ALFRED LOFTY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Adam Lodge, at the 
Middle Temple, on the 
9th of July, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 20l.; 1 guard-chain, value 5l.; and 1 watch-key, value 2s.; his goods.






ADAM LODGE, ESQ
. I am barrister, and have chambers in Brick-court, Middle Temple. I lost one of the keys of my chamber-door about ten weeks ago—there were only two in the chambers instead of three—on Friday, the 8th of July, when I got up in the morning, I missed my purse which I thought I had left on my sitting-room table first—next morning the 9th of July, when I awoke I missed my watch, generally hung in my bed room—if I do not put it there, I leave it on the table in my sitting room—there was a guard-chain to it—the watch cost 35 guineas—the chain is worth about 5l. The prisoner was in the service of Mr. Ombler, on the same floor—the door of my chambers and his are opposite—in consequence of suspicions, I went into Mr. Ombler's chambers with a constable about half-past ten o'clock—we met Mr. Ombler on the stairs, and stated the circumstance—we knocked at the door—the prisoner opened it, and Mr. Ombler said, "Do you know of Mr. Lodge having lost any thing?"—he said knew nothing about it—Mr. Ombler said, "I shall think it necessary to search you, have the goodness to walk into your room"—we walked there—he continued to protest he knew nothing about it—I do not think it was mentioned what I had lost—Mr. Ombler searched his person all over, and I saw a box in the corner of the room, into which I looked—the very first thing that met my eye was the watch, with the face turned down, and the dial-plate quite black with the marks of dirty fingers—close to that I found my watch-key, and the key of my chambers, which I had lost about three weeks before—when I held up the watch before the prisoner, he said, "I found it on the staircase near your door."

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were the three keys to your door similar in appearance? A. Yes—I cannot tell which key I missed—I was the last person that went into my chambers the night before, and am positive I fastened the outer door—I am quite certain I left my watch on the sitting room table—the sitting room joins the bed room, and I slept with my

bed room door open—it remained open till I got up in the morning—there were marks of fingers on the door—I had not been disturbed at all.





ANN MARTIN
. I am laundress to Mr. Lodge. I went to his chambers at eight o'clock this morning—the outer door was fast, I opened it with my key—the bed-room door was open, it was always left open—I did not see the watch.





EDWARD OMBLER, ESQ
. I am a barrister. The prisoner was in my service about eighteen months—I have heard Mr. Lodge's evidence, it is correct.





THOMAS LIGHTFOOT
. I am a policeman. I was sent for to take the prisoner in charge, and have the watch and guard-chain.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 12.—


Transported For Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

