





1062. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LINDSEY, alias 
LINLEY





               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, at St. Andrew, Holborn, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Glenton 
                           Atkinson
                        




                     
                  , from his person, and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
JOHN GLENTON ATKINSON. I live at Peterborough. On the 1st of June, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was walking down Holborn


, and observed a handkerchief moving behind me; I turned round, and saw the prisoner with my handkerchief, as I supposed, in his possession - I exclaimed, Oh! or something, and he ran across Holborn into Fetter-lane - he might be probably within two feet of my person - nobody else was so near me except my father, who was with me; I ran after him, calling, Stop thief - I got into Fetter-lane; I never lost sight of him till he was stopped by an officer, and I seized him by the collar opposite No. 75, I think, but am not positive - my handkerchief was brought to the watch-house shorly afterwards.
Prisoner. Q. How did you first miss your handkerchief, did you see me take it? A. I happened to turn my head round, and saw you waving something - I did not go up to my father and tell him, I ran after you and caught you - I took you first; I did not see you drop the handkerchief.
Q. Did you not ask me to tell you the truth whether I took it or not? A. No; I told you not to get away when you scuffled - I did not say I would try to transport you.


                  CHARLE 
                  MOSS
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Andrew, Holborn. On the night of the 1st of June, I heard the cry of Stop thief; I went towards No. 75, Fetter-lane, and looked down the area grating, and perceived a handkerchief - I got it up, and the prosecutor claimed it; I did not see the prisoner till I got to the watch-house - No. 75 is on the right hand side, about two doors from Holborn.
JOHN GLENTON ATKINSON. I stopped him, I should think, six, or seven, or eight doors down Holborn, on the right hand side going from Holborn.


                  JAMES 
                  SLATE
               



            . I was constable of the night. I produce the handkerchief; I received it from Moss.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  SHEPPARD
               



             (police-constable G 28). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the office of the Clerk of the Indictments here - I know the prisoner, and was present in April, 1832, when he was tried and convicted; he is the person mentioned in the certificate - (read) - I know him to be the man; I was not a witness on the case, but I had taken him on the charge.
Prisoner's Defence (written). The facts are as follow. On Saturday, the 1st of June last, about half-past eleven o'clock at night, I was walking in Holborn towards the City, and when near Leather-lane, and about to pass two gentlemen, one of them (the prosecutor) turned round, and feeling his pocket, accused me of taking his handkerchief; this I desied, and fearful I should be brought into trouble innocently, I attempted to make my escape and ran across the road, the prosecutor raising a cry of Stop thief, I was caught and taken to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
