



2013. 




JOSEPH FLACK
 was indicted

 for a robbery on 



Ann Lee, on the 
4th of August, at 
St. Marylebone, putting her in fear, and taking from her person and against her will, 2 half-crowns, 2 shillings and 3 sixpences, her monies; and, immediately before and at the time of the said robbery, feloniously striking, beating, and using other personal violence to her; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.






ANN LEE
. I live in Devonshire-place, Lisson-grove. I have been out of place for about a month and have walked the streets—on a Sunday morning, about three weeks ago, between two and three o'clock, I went into a coffee-shop, down Stingo-lane, to have a cup of coffee—I saw the prisoner there—I did not know him before—he spoke to me and asked me to have some coffee—I said I had rather not, I had some of my own—I went down to the corner of Wilmot-street—he followed me out and caught hold of me by the body and knocked me down—I got up again and asked him what he meant—he made me no answer, but knocked me down again—I got up, and he hit me in the face and knocked me down a third time—he then tore my frock from my arm down to my skirt, and took two half-crowns, two shillings, and three sixpences, out of my pocket—I caught his hand at my pocket, and felt it about my thigh—after he knocked me down, he put his foot right down my body—he stamped on me—I hollowed "Police and murder!" and he was just running away, a gentleman stopped him, and the policeman directly came up and apprehended him-he

said he was very sorry, and if he had his liberty again he would kill me—I saw the policeman take him—I was only a little way from him—I did not lose sight of him—I kept up after him as fast as I could run—I had got the money that night-a gentleman gave it to me-as the prisoner look a shilling out of my pocket, I took a shilling out of his hand, as his hand was coining from my pocket, and that I showed at the station-house—I am sure he stamped on my breast—I had a black spot on my breast and on my face—I did not show it to anybody—I told the police of it at the station-house—there was a mark on my clothes just where he put his foot right down my body.

Prisoner. Did not I first meet you in the Grove, where you stood with a young woman? Witness. I never saw you in my life till I went into the coffee-shop—there was a young woman there named Mary Caton—she was in before me—I did not walk arm-in-arm with you—I did not accompany you to a closet, nor did you give me a shilling.

COURT. Q. Was there no talk about your going with him? A. No, I would not have gone with him, if he had offered me five shillings—I did not like the look of him—he did not make me any offer—he had the half-crown in his hand at the time I got the shilling from his hand-here were eight or nine people in the coffee-shop, but I only spoke to the girl.





HENRY WILLIAM BOXALL
. I am a medical student, and live in High Holborn. On Sunday morning, the 5th of August, between two and three o'clock, I was in the New-road, near Wyndham-place—I heard a female screaming "Murder!"—I immediately ran to the place and found the prisoner running away towards the New-road, and a female pursuing him—I called for a policeman—he came up and I gave the prisoner in charge—I did nothing to him myself—I ran against him and he stepped—the prosecutrix came up and accused him of robbing her of eight shillings and sixpence—he denied it, but said he had given her a shilling to go with him-her gown was torn from her shoulder down to her pocket-her hair seemed very much disordered and her bonnet bent—I did not observe any marks on her breast—she complained of having been struck and stamped upon, and said she had been thrown down three times—it was a dry night—I did not notice her dress whether it was dirty behind or not.





THOMAS KENNY
. I am a policeman. On the night in question I was called for, and came up in the New-road, close to Lisson-grove—I heard the screams of a female, between two and three o'clock—I could not tell in what direction they were—I ran, and saw the prisoner running as fast as he could at the top of Wyndham-street, in the middle of the street—I put my hands forward, and caught him in my arms-in about five minutes the prosecutrix came up, apparently greatly fatigued, with her gown torn, from the right shoulder down to the waist—I asked her what was the matter—she told me the prisoner had robbed her of all she had in her pocket, and threatened to have her life—I asked him was it so, and his answer was he was sorry he did not murder her, and if ever he got out of my hands he would murder her—he did not say why—I asked the girl, in his presence, what was taken out of her pocket—she said she had in her pocket two half-crowns, two shillings, and three sixpences, and one of the shillings she snatched from his hand as he was robbing her—she gave me that shilling-while I was asking her about it the prisoner made several attempts to put his left hand into his left-hand trowsers-pocket—I prevented him,

and immediately took him to the station-house—on the way there he made several attempts to escape from me, till I called another constable to assist me—the prosecutrix stated at the station-house, in the presence of the prisoner, myself, Mr. Boxall, and the Inspector, that she was robbed of two half-crowns, two shillings, and three sixpences, and that one of the shillings she had in her hand was one of them—I was holding the prisoner's left hand at the time—I searched his left-hand pocket, and found in it two half-crowns, one shilling, and three sixpences, and in the other pocket 2s. 8 1/2 d.;—the prosecutrix was unable to speak for a few minutes—she had been running some distance—I heard her screams for ten minutes before I took him—there was a mark over one of her eyes—the skin appeared to be broken—I did not observe any mark on her breast—it was a very dry night—I did not see any mark on her clothes—she said, at the station-house, that after she got up the third time, he struck her with his clenched hand, knocked her down, and made his escape—he still kept saying all the time that he would murder her-when she said she took one of her two shillings from his hand, he said that shilling he had given her to go with him—he said nothing more—he was very angry with me, and said neither I nor two more constables should take him.

Prisoner. Q. Who gave me into custody? A. Mr. Boxall—he ran to the girl, pointed you out, and I seized you—I heard her cries five minutes before you came up.

COURT. Q. Is it uncommon for girls of that sort to scream in the street? A. She screamed murder in such a curious way, I really thought there was murder—she was perfectly sober, and so was the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the woman at the corner of Devonshire-street, with another female—she asked where I was going—I said, "Home,"—she said, could I take her home with me, for at the lodging she lived they would not allow her to take men home—she said at the station-house that she had been at a brothel in Stafford-street, where a gentleman gave her the money she charges me with robbing her of—she asked me to accompany her to Oxford-street to sleep with her for the night—I refused—she then asked me to go to a coffee-shop, which I did, sad paid for two cups of coffee, loaves and butter—after we came out I went down Stingo-lane with, her—the inspector of police met us, and a policeman named Thomas—I have sent for him, but he has not come—we were going on, arm-in-arm, in the road, and yet she swears I never met her till she got to the coffee-shop-at the office she said I had hold of her round the middle each time, and now she says I struck her violent blows—I have only to say she is doing it for nothing else but to make a property, and if yon will look at this paper it will prove it—(producing one)—it is a paper she has brought to my friends—she swore she would not come against me—it is my mother's writing, and she gave her 9s. 6d., which was 1s. more than she says she lost—I should like her asked about that.





ANN LEE
 (looking at the paper.) The prisoner's mother has been to me at different times, and she took me down to her place—she gave me 7s., and took me out with two more women, made me drunk, and took some of the money from me again—she gave me a silk handkerchief, and I allowed her 2s. 6d. for that to make up the money—she gave me the money not to come against the prisoner—I did not say I would not come against him—I wanted to come all the time—I took the money and said nothing—I knew

she meant it for me not to come—I did not say if she would give it me I would not come against him—she took me to three or four public-houses, and made me spend every halfpenny of the 7s. 6d. in liquor—I got so tipsy I was taken to the station-house—this was about a fortnight after the prisoner had been taken up—the policeman saw me tipsy, and took me and the mother to the station-house.

Prisoner. My brother went and fetched her out next morning. Witness. A young man who was with his brother went and paid 1s. for me—I was going to send home for 1s.—I did not know he was to pay the 1s.





ROBERT METCALF
. I am a policeman. I have a certificate of ten prisoner's former conviction—I had him in custody last August—he was tried here at the August Session, and convicted—(certificate read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.
