





295. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of December
, 1 gold chain, value 8l.; 2 gold rings, value 10l.; and 1 brooch, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Thorn
                        



                     
                  , from her person
            .
2nd COUNT stated them to be the goods of 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Wood
               



            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  ELIZA 
                  THORN
               



            . I am single
, and live at No. 2, Claremont-place, Judd-street - on Tuesday evening, the 3d of December, I was at Drury-lane Theatre with Miss Wilson and another acquaintance - I felt poorly, and a gentleman got a coach and put me in it, and Miss Wilson came on the steps and bade me good night - I was quite sober - I think it wanted a quarter to eleven o'clock, the overture was playing to the last piece - I heard the gentleman, who handed me into the coach, direct the prisoner, who was the coachman
, to drive to my residence, and he then returned to the theatre - after going some little distance, I felt faint, and desired the coachman to stop and get me a little water - he stopped at a public-house to get it - I gave him sixpence, which was all I had in my purse, and told him to get a little brandy in it- he brought me something - I drank some, and threw myself back, and said, "O dear, I am very unwell, but I shall soon be home;" I said that in a voice which he must have heard - I think this was in Leigh-street - I think I recollect the coach-door shutting, but I became insensible, and recollect no more till nine o'clock the next morning - there were two men got on the coach-box when I first got into the coach - I had at that time two rings, two chains, a pair of ear-rings, a locket, a cameo brooch, and a thick gold chain with a snap, set with amethysts - one of the rings was rather too large for my finger, and would require but little force to get it off; but the other was rather tight, and my finger was grazed in taking it off - I had this boa on, it was perfect when I left the theatre, but the next morning it was in two pieces.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q.What is your real name? A. Thorn - that was my father's name - I have gone by the name of Wood - I came from Guernsey, and have lived where I do now for two years - I have received gentlemen - I do not know who drove me to the theatre that night - I do not recollect that the prisoner had driven me at other times - I am certain he has not many times - my servant says he has driven me, but I do not know it - I had part of a tumbler of wine-and-water at the theatre with a friend of mine whom I saw there - he had brandy-and-water - I tasted that, but I chose the wine and water - I had nothing else before I got into the coach - I had been in the boxes - the wine-and-water came from the saloon, but I did not go into the saloon - I did not examine my articles of jewellery when I got into the coach, but I am quite certain they were all on, and both my shoes were on - the coach stopped in Leigh-street - it has been ascertained that a coach stopped in Great Queen-street - I cannot swear that that coach did not stop there, but I do not recollect it - I had only a sixpence in my purse, and that I gave the prisoner to get the brandy-and-water - I do not remember taking any rum-shrub in the course of that evening - the boy states that some rum-shrub was bought in Leigh-street, but I did not take any, nor see any that I know of, but I do not know what was given me - I saw the brandy-and-water in a small tumbler - I cannot tell what time I left Leigh-street, but it was a very short time after I left the theatre that I arrived there; it could not have been twelve o'clock, as the shops were all open - I did not give the prisoner a shilling in the course of that evening - I had only half-a-crown when I went out, I paid 2s. for riding to the theatre, and had only 6d. in my purse.


                  MARY 
                  ANN WILSON
               



            . I lodge in the same house with the prosecutrix - on the 3d of December I was at the theatre with her - she fainted away in the theatre, and a gentleman got her a coach - I put her tippet on, and saw her get into the coach at a quarter before eleven - I returned home after the performance - I know Leigh-street - it is about three or five minutes' walk from where the prosecutrix lives - I got home about half-past one o'clock - I found the prosecutrix in bed, and a surgeon bleeding her - she appeared to me to be dead - she has not recovered herself since - she was not sensible till nine o'clock the next morning- she was quite sober when she left the theatre - she had a gold chain fastened with amethyst, and her other ornaments, this boa was entire.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you lived with her? A. Seven months - I have seen her faint, but never saw her so bad as she was then - I never saw her intoxicated - I saw her faint once before, when she came home from the country - I do not know where she had been after she left me that night - she had her shoes on when she left the theatre.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TUCK
               



            . I am pot-boy at the Norfolk Arms in Leigh-street - about half-past eleven o'clock at night, on the 3d of December, a coach came to my master's door - I cannot tell who was the coachman; but he came into the house and asked for a quartern of rum and shrub, which he took outside, and handed one glass into the coach - he came in again, called for another quartern, and handed another glass into the coach - he then came in and called for another quartern, and took that out; but I did not go out that time - he then came in again, took out sevenpence, and said, "Give me as much brandy and water as that will buy" - he had it, and took that out - I then heard a female, who was in the coach, burst out into a little bit of a laugh - I saw her fall back, and say, "Oh dear" - the prosecutrix's house is about a quarter of a mile from my master's - when the coachman heard the word, "Oh dear," he came out of the house, stood upon the step, and moved the female - the door was open, and I saw he moved her, but I do not know why - he then got on the box, and left about twelve o'clock, or close upon twelve - he went down Judd-street at about four miles an hour.
Cross-examined. Q.Have you any doubt that the firstthing he had was a quartern of rum and shrub? A. No; and I saw some hand give some into the coach - I cannot swear it was the coachman's - I am sure that some of the second' rum and shrub was handed into the coach; but I did not go out the third time - I did not see any other person in the coach but the lady.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You did not see another man outside? A. No: there might have been a man inside the coach.
COURT. Q.There were three servings of rum and shrub? A. Yes: the coachman paid for them at separate times, and then for the brandy-and-water - I cannot swear the prisoner is the man - I had not seen him before.
MARIA ATKINSON. I am servant to the prosecutrix - I remember her going to the theatre on the 3d of December - she had her trinkets on, and her gold chain and boa - she came home in a coach driven by the prisoner between five and ten minutes to one o'clock - she was then in a state of insensibility; and her boa was torn; her chain and rings were gone, and her dress was drenched with what appeared to be clean water; but the coach appeared quite dry - I told the prisoner the things were missing; and I searched the coach - I found her empty purse and her eye-glass at the bottom of the coach - the glass had been attached to the gold chain - her bonnet and one of her shoes were at the bottom of the coach - the other shoe was lost - I asked the prisoner twice where he had brought her from; and he said direct from Drury-lane, and that was all he knew of the robbery - I looked at the clock, and it wanted five or ten minutes to one o'clock - I am certain of the time - Leigh-street is three or five minutes walk from our house - I sent for a surgeon - it was about nine o'clock the next morning before my mistress was sensible.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you lived with the prosecutrix? A. About nine months - I know her way of life - I believe her clock is generally right by the parish clock - I do not know how the clock might be at the public-house, in Leigh-street - when I went to open the coach-door, the prisoner offered to assist me, but I said, "No, thank you," and a gentleman, who was in the house, assisted me to get her in doors - I never saw my mistress the worse for liquor - I have seen her drink a glass of wine - the surgeon said she had had something improper given to her which she ought not to have had.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you hear the word "opiate?" A. Yes, he mentioned the word - he bled her directly he came, and said she was not to be allowed to sleep - he stayed with her himself till five o'clock in the morning.
JAMES DYER (police-constable E 81.) I took the prisoner on the 5th of December, about eight o'clock in the evening - I asked him if he knew anything of the jewellery, he said, "No," but the lady had it on when she got into the coach, and he knew nothing about the robbery - the shoe has not been found.
Prisoner's Defence. I never told him she had her jewellery on - she fainted at the theatre, and that is where the water went over her dress, by the applewoman belonging to the theatre - I was told that by my own wife - I had brought this lady home twice before in the same state - she told me to pay for the rum and shrub, and she would pay me when she got home - some of her property was found at the theatre the next day - the pot-boy said at the office that the coach left the public-house at twenty minutes after twelve o'clock, and Atkinson stated it arrived at home twenty minutes before one o'clock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
