



489. 



THOMAS WILLIAMS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of December, 1 shawl, value 12s., and one shirt, value 10s.; the goods of 



George Faranden.






MARY FARANDEN
. I am the wife of George Faranden, of Uxbridge-place, Newington. About half-past three o'clock, on the 12th of December, the prisoner came to my house—I am sure he is the man he told me he had seen my son, who was transported, and he himself had been transported for seven years, but he had served his time, and had been coming home since the 29th of June—he said he had been acquainted with my son that he was well, and doing well, and he wished me to go with him to see the young women he associated with—we went, and, on coming back, we went to a public-house—I paid for a pot of beer for him, and left him—in the afternoon he called again, and said he did not like to go home, till he had let me know the truth—he said my son was in town—he wished me to go and see him—I, said I did not know how I could go, as I expected my husband in—he said, "Suppose you go to your lodger, and ask her to do any thing for you"—I went up, and heard him get up—I came down, and missed a shawl and shirt, and he was gone—I saw no more of him till the next morning, when I heard he was going to breakfast with a poor woman of the name of Ward, who had got a son transported—this is my shawl and shirt.

Prisoner. Q. Previous to your leaving me were you not sitting with two unfortunate girls? A. No—there was not a creature in the room—there was no boy who I called my nephew—I have lived there eleven years—I am sure you are the man.





EMMA HARRIS
. I am the daughter of Mary Farringdon. I was standing at the door when the prisoner passed me—he was buttoning up his jacket, with something underneath.





WILLIAM REED
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Blackman-street. I produce this shawl and shirt, which were pledged by the prisoner on the 12th of December.

Prisoner. They have been bribed by the policeman—having no money or friends, I have to beg a patient hearing of an appeal to your mercy—I am placed in a situation of great embarrassment, but in courts of justice the character of witnesses should be considered—I rely on the improbability of having proclaimed that I had been transported—I went to the house to see an inmate, and saw a young man come out with something in his hand—the prosecutrix then came down, and said the person I wanted did not live there—I am innocent.




GUILTY
. 


Transported for Seven Years more.
