



1677. 




JAMES SMITH



 was indited for feloniously beaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William thurgood, on the 
21st of June, at 

St. George the Martyr, Middlesex, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 17s.; 1 seal, value 6d.; 1 split ring, value 3d.; 1 watch-key, value 3d.; 1 decanter, value 2s.; 3 waistcoats, value 1l. 5s.; 4 pairs of trowsers, value 1l.; 17s.; 2 coats, value 1l.; 1 gown, value 16 s.; 1 shirt, value 1s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 1 cloak, value 18d.; and 1 scarf, value 10s.; the goods of 



Ambrose Marshall.







ELIZA ELIZABETH MARSHALL
 I am the wife of Ambrose Marshall, and lodge with Mr. Thurgood, at the corner of Old North-street, in Theobald's,-road—in the parish of St. George the Martyr,—we rant the first floor room. On Wednesday, the 21st of June, I went out about seven o'clock in the evening I locked the door quite safe, and left the property sccure—I returned in half an hour, and found my room doorlocked—I unlocked it, and as soon as I opened it the prisoner rushed out, gave me a backhanded blow on my chest, and said, "Good day"—he run down stairs, and I after him, calling "Stop thief," and he was caught in Red Lion-square, taken to the station-house, and my husband's watch taken from his person—a decanter, and some picklock keys were also found upon him, and a trifle of money—I found a bundle of clothes on the chair in my room, which I had left in a drawer—the property altogether is worth 7l.





WILLIAM DENT
. I saw the prisoner running, and heard the cry of "Stop thief," in Theobald's-road—I ran after him, and caught him in Red Lion-square—he made a desperate attack on me, and said, "D----your eyes, let me go," but I would not—I gave him in charge, and saw the watch, screw-driver, and skeleton-keys taken from him.





JAMES BANNETT
. I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge, and took him to the station-house—I searched him, and found nine skeleton keys three picklocks, a watch, and a decaner on him, and a screwdriver—I have brought the decanter—two of the keys will open the prosecutor's door.

MRS. MARSHALL
re-examined. This is my husband's watch—I saw the decanter before—it is mine—the watch had hung on a mail over the mantel piece.




GUILTY
. Aged 30—


Transported for Life.
