





1180. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 14s., and 1 watch-key, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Lewis 
                           Pymer
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
LEWIS PYMER. On the 12th of April I was coming from Covent-garden theatre - I went to a public-house in Bow-street


; I was not there five minutes - as I came out I observed the prisoner, as I was stepping off the step of the door; I might be two yards from the step - I felt a pull at my pocket; I was rather on my guard, and collared the prisoner - I fell, and after a long scuffle I was forced to let him go, as some one was striking me; I called Police! but the prisoner got away - I had missed my watch before I fell; the prisoner was brought back in less than two minutes - there was a gold seal and a gold key to the watch; I gave five guineas for the watch fourteen years ago, but I should not have liked to have sold it for less than 3l. 10s. - I do not think any one was near enough to take it but the prisoner; I saw his hand upon my watch - I am sure of that; I am clear that the prisoner pulled my watch from me - I believe the Policeman caught him running up the court.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Do you say the Policeman caught him running up the court? A. I said it, but I do not swear it - I came out when the theatre was over; I did not notice whether there was a crowd -I went very quietly into the public-house; there might be persons about, but they did not molest me - I was squeezed in coming out: I gave five guineas for the watch - I bought the seals since: I did not say at Bow-street, at one time that it was worth 2l. 10s., and at another that it was worth 6l. - it was coming out of the public-house I lost it; I do not think there was above one person walking about - Drury-lane was not over; there was a coach and a cab there, which belonged to me - the coachman was standing by the cab; the prisoner went up a passage, and I lost sight of him - I did not look in that direction for my watch; I dare say he had not the watch long - I do not suppose he had it a moment; I had gone directly from the theatre to the public-house - I had seen the seal and key in the public-house, but had not pulled the watch out; I felt it all the way coming from the play-house - I had my hand on my fob; I had not been drinking - I do not know that I had been to Mr. Jones' winevaults, in St. Giles'; I might have been there.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  KELSEY
               



            . I am bar-man at the Marquis of Anglesea public-house. I supplied the prosecutor with a glass of ale - when he got to the door I heard a scuffle; I went to the door, and saw him engaged in a scuffle with the prisoner - they both fell on the pavement; the prisoner extricated himself, and ran up a court that leads into Russel-street - I saw a man pursuing him; the witness appeared perfectly sober.
Cross-examined. Q.Are you quite sure he was not intoxicated? A.If he had been I must have observed it - he said he had been robbed directly the prisoner went away; I did not follow the prisoner, as I had my business to attend to, and others were following - I did not observe any person about at the beginning of the scuffle, except some hackney-coachmen; I did not observe whethere he had a watch - I did not see any one in his company; the court he ran up was a thoroughfare - I saw him brought back; I am certain he is the man who scuffled with the prosecutor.
COURT. Q. Did you see him come back in company with the Policeman? A. I did.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been in the cook's shop - I was just going by that house, when the prosecutor caught hold of me and said I had robbed him; he pulled me about, and I pulled him about - we both fell down together; I certainly did run away, but I had no knowledge of the watch - I am a hackney-coachman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28 - 


               Transported for Life
            .
