





370. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     ATKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of December
, 2 gowns, value 5s.; 1 cap, value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 pair of boots, value 2s.; 1 pinafore, value 6d.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 1s. 6d., and 1 petticoat, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            , her master.


                  HANNAH 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Taylor
               



            ; the prisoner was in our employ. On the 11th of December I left her in care of my children and property, at two o'clock, and did not come home till half-past nine in the evening - when I came home she was gone, and had left my children in the care of a woman on the first floor - the property stated was missing from the second floor front room; some had been in a cupboard, some in drawers, and under the bed - I saw the prisoner at the watch-house on the 13th.


                  JOHN 
                  BALLAM
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have some property pawned at six different times; this bed-gown for 6d. on the 30th of November, and this pinafore for 6d. on the 11th of December, I know were pawned by the prisoner; I cannot be positive about the others.


                  JAMES 
                  ROSS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a gown and cap, pawned by the prisoner on the 11th of December, about six o'clock in the evening.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CLEBERRY
               



            . I took up the prisoner by order of Mr. Taylor on the Sunday, at a quarter before four o'clock, I asked if she knew Mr. Taylor - she said Yes; I said I took her for robbing him - the duplicates were sent to Mr. Taylor.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Taylor said if I would ownto it she would not appear against me - I asked her to lend me some money; she said she had not got it, but if I chose to pawn any thing I might - I left word where I was going to lodge.
MRS. TAYLOR. No, she never mentioned such a thing to me in my life.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
