






141. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     FREAK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LINSEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December
, 1 coat, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Joseph 
                     Tindall
                  




               
            .
THOMAS JOSEPH TINDALL. I drive a van
. On Thursday, the 9th of December, about six o'clock in the evening, my van was in Crutched-friars


 - this coat was in the seat of it; I had left it for about four minutes, to deliver some goods at a cellar, leaving Cheaper by the side of the van -I had not noticed either of the prisoners about; on my return my coat was gone - I have not seen it since.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  JAQUES CHEAPER
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Herring, the owner of the van - I was by the van when Tindall went to deliver the goods; I saw his coat on the seat - I saw the two prisoners pass the van, and am certain of them; they came back again - I crossed over the way to speak to a customer, and while there the two prisoners came by on the same side as I was then on; I heard one say to the other, "Do you see that person in a cap?" I had a cap on - the other replied, "He has nothing to do with it:" they then crossed over to the side of the van - I saw Linsey take the coat off the seat; he was then on theother side of the van, but I distinctly saw him take it and give it to the other - they both ran away; I pursued, overtook Linsey and secured him - Freak got away, and while I was waiting for an officer, three or four minutes after, he came back, and was going to walk by as if he knew nothing of the matter, and I gave him in charge; he had not got the coat then - I am certain of his person.
Linsey. Q. Was I walking or running when you took me? A. Running - you were smoking a pipe when you passed the van, before the coat was taken, but not when I took you.
Freak. At the time I was passing between the van and where he laid hold of the other prisoner, it was very dark; I was passing ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after - he collared me, and said, "You have got it:" I said,"What do you collar me for?" he said he had lost a coat, and that I took it - I said, "Well, put me under the gateway and send for an officer;" does it stand to reason that I should come by after taking the coat? it is impossible to distinguish a person in such a street as that.
Witness. I had light enough to distinguish him; I had had three views of them and have not the slightest  doubt of them - Freak threatened my life, going to the watch-house, and called me by a name which I cannot mention, saying what he would do when at liberty.
FREAK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LINSEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Confined One Year
            .
