





Before Mr. Recorder.
1990. 
               
                  
                     JOHN COSTER 
                     ALESMORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, 1 gelding, price 10l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     East
                  




               
            .
JOHN EAST. I live at Hillingdon


; I am a labourer
; I have known the prisoner from a child. On Saturday, the 28th of July, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw my gelding safe in the field in which I kept it, and on Sunday morning, about seven, I found the gate lifted off the hinges, and the gelding gone; it was worth about 12l. - I saw it again next day at the One Tun, Old Brentford, in possession of the Police-man; I had seen the prisoner in the field the same afternoon - he lived about two miles off.


                  JOHN 
                  WARD
               



            . I keep a cart and horse for hire. On Sunday, the 29th of July, about a quarter to seven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner, who I knew before, came, and asked if I would buy a horse - I said I would look at it; I went with him about twenty yards from my door, and saw the black gelding, which East afterwards claimed - I asked where he brought it from; he said from his brotherin-law's, Mr. Smith, at North Hyde, near Southall; he asked 9l. for it - I declined buying it; he then asked if I knew any body likely to buy it - I said a neighbour of mine, who hawked coals, wanted an old horse; I went with-him, but he did not buy it: I then said Cox, a horsedealer, was coming down with me at one o'clock, and he might buy it - he bought it of him for 7l.; I was present when Cox gave him 7l. all but 1s., about one o'clock on Sunday.


                  LUKE 
                  COX
               



            . I am a dealer in horses, and live at Turnham-green. On the 29th of July I bought the horse of the prisoner, at Brentford, in Ward's presence, for 7l., all but 1s.; he said he had it from Smith, his brother-in-law, at North Hyde, and that Smith sent him to sell it; he asked 9l. for it - he turned it into Mr. Rodwell's field, which he had brought it out of - I found it there that afternoon; East claimed iton Monday; the prisoner was taken on Monday - I had paid for it.


                  JAMES 
                  SOUTH
               



            . I am a Policeman. On Monday evening I received information that the horse was stolen, and saw it in a field at Brentford - I saw Ward, and from his information apprehended the prisoner on Monday, at Uxbridge, about three miles from East's; I asked if he had received any money from Cox for a horse on Sunday - he denied it; I took him to Ward, who gave the account he has now, in his hearing.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going by Botwell on Friday, and saw John Smith; he asked me to go to Moore's, the jobber, at Brentford, and ask him if he wanted to buy a horse - I went, and he was not at home; I returned to Smith, and he asked me to come at six o'clock on Sunday morning, and bring the horse to Ward's house; I did so, and told him Smith had a horse to sell - he gave me 5s. for my trouble.
JAMES COX. I did not see any John Smith about the house.
JAMES SOUTH. I found 10s. 7d. on the prisoner, and asked what he had done with the rest of the money he had received from Cox - he said, "Go to my wife, and ask her for what I gave her last night;" I went, and she gave me two sovereigns - I said, "Is this all you received from your husband last night?" she said No, and then brought me two sovereigns and a half.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
