





1515. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, 1 reticule, value 6d.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 7 sixpences, and one 5l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .
SARAH THOMPSON. I am single
. On the 7th of June I was in Wimpole-street


, from a quarter to twenty minutes past eleven o'clock at night; I was alone, and going home to my brother-in-law's; the prisoner, who was a Policeman
, came up to me, and said, "Where are you going?" I said, "I am going home;" he caught hold of me, and said, "Will you go along with me, and have something to drink;" I said No - he took hold of my reticule; I said, "Don't take it, I have something in there;" he took it off my arm, and went away with it - I did not see any more of him; as soon as I had lost it I went home, and was in such an agitation I did not know what to do - my reticule contained a 5l. Bank note, a sixpence, some halfpence, a pocket handkerchief, and a purse - my brother is a grocer; I told him, and the nextmorning he went to the station-house - I saw the prisoner the next day at the station.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. You say you were agitated? A. Yes; I walked home - I remember meeting Mr. Suckling in Portland-place; I had been taking a little shrub and a little beer that evening; I am a servant, but was out of place, and living with my brother-in-law - I had been that evening to receive some of my wages, and had stopped with a servant who I knew; I do not recollect meeting a man with a cab, or asking him to take me home; I was not many minutes with the prisoner, but I can swear he is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  SUCKLING
               



            . About half-past eleven o'clock that night I was in Portland-place, and saw the prosecutrix crying - I asked her what was the matter; she said she had been robbed of her reticule by a Policeman, in Wimpole-street - I saw her home, and told two Policemen to hear what she said, as the charge was against one of their own body.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A grocer the prosecutrix was not drunk; she was collected; she was crying - she said she had taken some bread and cheese, and a glass of rum and shrub, which had made her ill when she got into the air - she said she had been with the Honourable Mrs. Lee's servants, at St. James'- she walked very well


                  JAMES 
                  WHISS
               



             (Police-constable D 86). The report of this robbery was given on the 8th of June, and a person was sent to the prisoner's house, to see if he was at home(he was at that time a Police-officer, and was on the beat in Wimpole-street); he was not at home - I was directed to go and wait till he came home; I waited in East-street, where he lived, and when I saw him I told him I must take him to the watch-house, which I did - the inspector told him he was charged with robbing a woman of a 5l. note and a reticule; he said he knew nothing of it; I searched him, and found this purse, which the prosecutrix claims, and he had a watch in it; I then found where the note had been cashed.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he at no time give an account of the property? A. Yes; he afterwards said he found it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TURNER
               



             (Police-constable D 93). I went with Whiss, and took the prisoner.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KIRKBY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Barker, a butcher, in Dorset-street. On the Friday morning a woman, whom I had seen before, came and purchased a shoulder of mutton, and gave a 5l. note, which Mr. Barker gave her change for; it has been stopped at the Bank - the woman appeared at the office as the prisoner's wife.


                  SARAH 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . This is my purse - I know nothing of the watch.
Witnesses for the Defence.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODLUCK
               



            . I am a master carman, and drive a cab. On the night of the 7th of June, about twenty minutes past eleven o'clock, I was out with my cab, and saw a female leaning against the shooting-gallery; she called "Cab" three or four times; I pulled up, and saw she was very much in liquor; I refused to take her - I saw ten or fifteen yards from her an umbrella, and either a reticule or a handkerchief by its side; I said to her,"Good woman, you don't want a cab; go take up your things, and go home" - I then went up Henrietta-street, and saw the Policeman; the prosecutrix is the woman I saw.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  WELCH
               



             (Police-constable D 83). I was in the neighbourhood, and saw the prosecutrix very drunk.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



             (Police-constable D 137). I saw her very drunk indeed.
COURT. Q. Why did not you take her home? A. I asked her where she lived, and she said not far off.
COURT to JAMES SUCKLING. Q. Did she relate the story to you as she has done here to day? A. Almost word for word.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
