



2242. 




GEORGE BEAUMOUNT
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of October, 1 half-crown, the monies of 



Caroline Porter.






CAROLINE PORTER
. I live in Morgan-street, and work for a person in Charlotte-court, Charlotte-street: she works at jackets and trowsers. On Saturday night she had paid me half-a-crown—that was all I had to take that week—I went with Clayworth to buy a paper of pins, at Mr. Jones's, boot and shoe shop—we heard the prisoner and another singing, "Five needles and a bodkin for a halfpenny"—I bought one, and gave the prisoner the half-crown, as I had no halfpence—my companion bought one too—I looked at my case, and it contained only one needle and one bodkin—I had given the prisoner the half-crown, and he asked the other young man to give him change; he pulled out some halfpence, but did not give him change—I then looked at my needles—I turned to get my money, and they had both run away—I saw the prisoner on the Saturday following, in the Commercial-road, singing the same song—I called the policeman, and gave him into custody.

Prisoner. Q. When you gave me the half-crown, why did you let me run away? A. There were but two or three persons there.





MARY CLAYWORTH
. I was with the prosecutrix. They were both singing, "Five needles, a bodkin and case, and song, for a half-penny"—I bought one of the prisoner's companion—I gave a halfpenny for it—I saw the prosecutrix put the half-crown into the prisoner's hand—she then turned to look at her needles, and they were gone—I had only two needles and no bodkin—they were gone instantly—I am sure the prisoner is the man.





EDWIN BELL
 (police-constable H 184.) On Saturday night, the 17th, the witness came to me and stated that on the previous Saturday she went to Whitechapel, to buy a paper of pins, and saw these two young men singing a song, that she bought one and gave the prisoner half-a-crown—I took the prisoner—he said he knew nothing of it—while conveying him to the station-house, he admitted that he remembered the prosecutrix having

bought a needle-case, but she gave him a halfpenny for it—he repeated the same before the Magistrate.

Prisoner's Defence. I was selling my needle-cases—she came and said she gave the half-crown in mistake for a halfpenny; and at the station-house she said she gave it me to get change; and the young man who was with me can state that we sold the last needle-case before we left the spot—it was at the corner of Osborne-street.





RICHARD JONES
. I was with the prisoner on the Saturday night that the young woman accuses us of—I saw no person give him half-a-crown to ask for change—when we went home I never saw half-a-crown—I swear that no half-crown was given us—I was singing the song—I sold some needles—one of them swore that she bought one of me; but I have no knowledge of her—I will not swear that neither of them gave a half-crown, but I did not see them.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

