




2612. 




WILLIAM HEDGES
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of August, 1 peck of a certain mixture of chaff and oats, value 6d., the goods of 



John Faulkner, his master: and 





JOHN RANGE



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the State &c.; and that Hedges had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.
BROWNSWORTH COX MORRISON. I am clerk to Mr. John Faulkner—he has no partner—the prisoner Hedges was his carman—my master has a wharf, called Danver's Wharf, at Chelsea. On the morning of the 23rd of August he sent out a load of stones to Montpelier-square—Hedges was the driver—he went out about seven o'clock, and he took two nose-bags of food for the horses—I saw them full—I considered it my duty to watch him—Rance's house is in Pond-place—that was not exactly in the road from Danver's-wharf to Montpelier-square—it is about one hundred yards out of the road—Hedges went by Pond-place, and when he got to Rance's he stopped the cart, and took from the side of the cart a nose-bag full of chaff and corn mixed, and went with it into Rance's house—he keep a coal and potatoe-shop—Hedges remained in the house a minute or two, and then came out with Rance—I have not the slightest doubt that Raw is the man who came out with him—Rance had an empty nose-bag in his hand which he put on the front of the cart, and Hedges went on with his load—I went back and gave information to Mr. Faulkner, whom I met on the road.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How near were you to then? A. Within the rails of the burying-ground of the new church—about two hundred yards off—I could see distinctly through into the Fulton road—I did not go up and make any remark—I cannot swear what was in the nose-bag, but I have every reason to believe it was the same that I had seen in it before—there was no one else there—the cart was there not more than three minutes—I believe Rance deals in milk, but I do not know—I did not see Hedges take any milk, if he did it was inside the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You could not see what was in the bag? A. No, but I sent the cart off, and I know the nose-bags were then full—I saw them on the side of the cart.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there any occasion to carry the nosebag into the house to get milk? A. No, I generally see the nose-bags filled before they go out—I did not see those filled, but I saw them when they were full.





JOHN FAULKNER
. I am the proprietor of this wharf. In consequence of suspicion, I directed Morrison to go and watch Hedges on the morning of the 23rd of August—I received information from him—I procured the assistance of two officers, and went to Rance's house, in Pond-place Chelsea—his wife called him to me—I asked him where the corn was that my man had left there that morning—he said, "I don't know any thing about it"—he said, "I have but just got up"—I asked his wife whether she knew any thing about it—she said, "No, I have been out all the morning

with milk"—I saw no one else on the premises, but a boy of ten or twelve years old—I and the policemen then looked about the shed, and the officers found a nose-bag with my name written on it in full length—I said, "Halloo, this is a bag of mine, how came this here?"—Ranee said, "That don't belong to you, I have had it two months"—the policeman then found a tub in the back yard which contained some horse provender—I looked at it and said, "That don't belong to me"—he looked further, and found this other food in another tub—I know this to be mine—we generally cut our chaff out of clover hay, but I had bought a load of another sort, and being busy, one of our carters, who has a boy of ten or twelve yean of age, set him to cut it, and not being used to cut, he has cut it too long—it is an inch and a half or two inches long, instead of being about half an inch—I have no doubt this is mine—my name was in full length on my cart—Hedges had been in my employ about twelve months.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Does not Rance keep a sort of cow-shed? A. There was a cow there—I am certain this food is mine.





EAST BRIDGES
 (police-constable V 51.) I was called by the prosecutor to go to Rance's house that morning—he described what sort of corn and chaff he had lost—when he saw Rance he asked him where the corn was that his man had left that morning—Rance said, "I do not know any thing about it, I am but now up," or "just up," or to that effect—I have heard the evidence which has been given—it is correct.





GEORGE WEMINGTON
 (police-sergeant D 9.) I produce a certificate of Hedges' former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present in this Court at his trial.
(The prisoner Rance received a good character.)

HEDGES—


GUILTY
 Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

RANCE—


GUILTY
 Aged 52.—



Confined Two Years.
