





867. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of April
, 1 looking-glass, value 2l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Frevillion
                  




               
            .
THOMAS FREVILLION. I keep the Rum Puncheon in Old-street




. On the 3rd of April, about one o'clock, a person came in and had a glass of ale and a biscuit; he went out, and bade me good morning - I went into the parlour to get the glass, and missed a looking-glass, which had been fastened over the mantel-piece, and the window was open; I went after the man who had just left the house, as I thought he had handed it to some other person; it must have been taken out of the window- I found the prisoner in Bath-street with the glass, within five minutes after the other man had left my house- he ran away, but I never lost sight of him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am a bricklayer. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prosecutor pursuing the prisoner - I took him; the prosecutor had taken the glass from him, put it down, and pursued him.


                  JOHN 
                  GLIBBERY
               



            . I took the prisoner - he said distress drove him to it, and he wished to be transported.
COURT to 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  FREVILLION
               



            . Q. When you took the glass from him, did you lose sight of him? A. No, not at all - there was no other way it could go but out of the window.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he met a gentleman, who employed him to go to the prosecutor's house, and that the gentleman went in and gave him the glass out at the window, to take to the Eagle-tavern, City-road - he had told the officer he wished to be transported, because he was in distressed circumstances.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
