





1389. 
               
                  HIERONIMUS BENJAMIN 
                  STENICKEN
               




             was again indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 13th of April
, 5 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, 20 shillings, 10 sixpences, 36 pence, and 43 halfpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John Clements 
                           Pink
                        




                     
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  PINK
               



            . On the 13th of April I gave the prisoner some money, but he saw me take that from the till; I gave him a sovereign and a half-sovereign about four month ago, in Old Gravel-lane, which is about a quarter of a mile from my father's house - I gave it to him as I was going to school; he had come that morning, and said if I did not let him have 30s. he would tell my father - I took it from my father's cash-box; he has frequently shown me a paper directed to my father, as I was standing at the bar - he said it was to let my father know of the transaction if I did not give him money; I saw the name of Pink on it.


                  JAMES 
                  GONNER
               



            . I was in the habit of going to Mr. Pink's, to supply them with milk, just before seven o'clock in the morning - I have seen the prisoner, Perkins, and three or four more in the tap-room; I thought what they were drinking they did not pay for.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALEXANDER ROBERTS
               



            . I am a lighterman. I sold the prisoner a boat for 12l., and he paid me 8l. off it - I do not know where he got the money.


                  GEORGE 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I took the prisoner. I said it was for inducing young Pink to rob his father - he said he knew nothing about him; I found this paper on him, and the duplicate of a musical snuff-box - I asked how he got this paper; he said he picked it up in Wapping, and he bought the snuff-box of Mr. Howard.
The paper being read was scarcely legible, but related to something about the prosecutor's son giving money away, and was directed to the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence. That letter I had from Deane the morning before I went away - I did not know what was in it; I cannot read or write.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
