





1547. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, 3 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 1 rupee, value 2s.
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Isaac
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  ISAAC
               



            . I belong to the Roxburg Castle
; she came into the basin about five o'clock in the afternoon, on the 31st of May. I was going to take my chest to Tooley-street; there was a little box in my chest, containing five sovereigns and a half, and a rupee; the prisoner was a sort of porter on board the ship
 - he and I had been school-mates at Greenwich; I took out the money in his presence, and gave a lad two sovereigns which he had given me the week before to take care of for him - I then put the rest of the money into the chest, and lashed it up; the prisoner and I took it on shore - there was a carter there, whom the prisoner had employed; he gave a man a pint of beer to take it up to the gate; the officer there overhauled it, and took out about a hundred cheroots from it - it was then lashed up again, and put into the cart; the prisoner and the carter went on with it - I stopped at the gate to try to get my cheroots back - I then went on, and found the prisoner and the carter drinking together; another person was accusing him of stealing a fivegallon keg, which he denied - I then got into the cart, and rode home to Tooley-street; in going along Whitechapel the toll-man asked for 2d.; I said I had no money in my pocket, but I had in my chest; the prisoner said, "I will lend you 2d., don't let the man know you have any money in the chest;" I said, "I am much obliged to you, I will give you 5s.;" I had before agreed to give 4s. for taking the chest - I then went on to my aunt's; they put the chest inside the shop - I borrowed 5s. of my aunt, and paid them, and gave them 1s. to drink with - they drove off as fast as they could; I then went to open my chest, to get my money, and the lock was broken - I went after the carter, and saw him on the Monday following; the prisoner was taken on the Saturday - I told the carter I had been robbed; he offered me any money not to appear, and said, it should be made up, but he has absconded ever since - I had employed the prisoner, and it was his duty to be with the cart till it was unloaded.


                  JAMES 
                  HEMMINGS
               



             (Police-constable K 256). On the 2nd of June I was informed of this, and took the prisoner in High-street, Poplar; I charged him with the robbery - he was silent at the moment, but on recovering himself, he denied all knowledge of it.
Prisoner's Defence. I put his chest and hammock in the carman's care, and as I had some other things to mind, the cart went on without me; I stopped with the prosecutor, and told him to go to a gentleman about getting his cigars back - I then went out, and told a young man to go to the prosecutor, and tell him I was gone on to the Bell, in the Highway; I ran there, and got there before the cart - when it came up, it unloaded some things; the prosecutor came up, and we went on, and delivered the chest at his house - he has seen the carman, and took 1l. 14s. from him.


                  FRANCIS 
                  ISAAC
               



            . Yes, he gave me 1l. 14s., and said the prisoner would give me the rest.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
