





2053. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, 1 time piece, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bone
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN BONE
               



            . I am the daughter of James Bone, and live with my father at No. 32, New North-street, Red Lion-square


, he is a haberdasher
. On Tuesday, the 21st of August, between one and two o'clock; I saw the prisoner just pass my father's shop, I saw this time-piece in his hand - I knew it be my father's, and gave an alarm; he was pursued and taken almost directly - the time-piece was thrown down and brought back by a person who picked it up.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Was he walking? A. Yes; my father had the time-piece for sale; I often saw it - I was in the street; the prisoner ran before me - I saw it in his hand; it was kept in our shop, about two yards from the door.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a Policeman. I saw the prisoner in Harper-street, running with the time-piece under his left arm; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw him throw it down, I followed and he was taken without my losing sight of him.


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  HORNCASTLE
               



            . I am a Policeman. About a quarter past two o'clock, I was on duty in Holborn; I saw the prisoner running, and heard the cry of Stop thief! another Policeman caught him at the corner of Warwick-court; Green came and took me to Theobald's-road, where a stranger gave me the time-piece; he was taken to the police-office in the evening, and on the road we were obstructed and assaulted by two coal-heavers, and in the scuffle, endeavouring to secure the prisoner, the time-piece got broken; the prisoner took advantage of the scuffle, and tried to get away; I pushed him into a snuff shop.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I took the prisoner in Theohald's-road; the time-piece was given to Horncastle about a hundred yards from where I saw it thrown down - it appeared to me to be the same.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you say at the office that you saw it in his hand? A. Yes.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
