




1276. 




ANN FARRELL
 and 




MARY BENNETT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of April, 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 pair of half-boots, value 7s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 4S.; the goods of 



William Garner.






WILLIAM GARNER
. I am a labourer, and work on the Great Western railroad. I was in London on Saturday the 30th of April—I had had a little ale in the forepart of the evening, but I was not drunk—I went to get a night's lodging, and I and another young man went home with the two prisoners—I engaged with Farrell—they took us to their room—I laid my jacket on the bed, and my boots I put under the bed—I had 18s. which I put into my watch-pocket—I went to bed about eleven o'clock—we all went to one bed—I awoke about half-past four o'clock—the prisoners were both gone, and my clothes were gone also—my companion was asleep on the bed by my side—I got up and looked ferny things—I then went down, and took two constables up to the room—they looked about several rooms, but the prisoners were not to be found—I lost my coat, boots, and handkerchief, but no money—I found my coat at the pawnbroker's on Tuesday morning, and the officer found the ticket of the boots—I knew the prisoners before—I have seen them in many places in London where I have been—I gave Farrell half a crown, and the other young man gave Bennett half a crown.





GEORGE GAUGE
. I bought the duplicate of the coat of the prisoner Bennett—I knew her before—I went and looked at the coat, and it was not big enough for me—I went to sell it and met the prosecutor's mate—he fetched him to see if it was his.





FREDERICK OHLSON
. I am a pawnbroker in Upper York-street, Bryanston-square. I have a pair of boots which were pawned by the two prisoners in company together.





JOSEPH ROLFE
. I am a pawnbroker, in Stafford-street, Lisson-grove, I have a coat which was pawned by the two prisoners.





DANIEL NORGIN
. I was a police-constable. The prosecutor came to me in the New-road, and said he had lost his coat, and had found the duplicate—I

went to Steven-street, and the prisoners were not at home I—I found them at a public-house—Farrell said it was the other's, and she had brought her into it by selling the ticket.





ELIZABETH SPREADBOROUGH
. I searched the prisoners, and found the ticket of the boots.

Farrell's Defence. We met this young man and another—they took us to several public-houses, and kept us till one or two o'clock in the morning, and then went home with us—they staid till Monday morning—they gave us no money, but said we might pawn the things as a recompence.

FARRELL*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

BENNETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
