





372. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     M'CARTHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; of 
                     
                        
                           Fashan 
                           Nairn
                        




                     
                  , Esq
., from his person
            .
FASHAN NAIRN. I live in Brunel's-place, near East Grinstead, Sussex, and am a magistrate
 of Sussex - on the 3rd of February I was passing between Aldgate


 pump and Whitechapel-church, about eleven o'clock in the morning - I had a silk handkerchief about me - I was touched on the shoulder by the witness, and in consequence of what he said I took the prisoner by the collar, and put him into a grocer's shop - my pocket handkerchief was not then in my pocket - I saw the handkerchief at the Mansion-house, and in the shop previously.


                  JOHN 
                  SALTMARSH
               



            . I was in Aldgate about eleven o'clock, on the 3rd of February, and saw the prisoner and two others walking together - one of them, who has escaped, took the prosecutor's handkerchief out of his pocket with his hand - I saw him put his hand into the pocket, and take the handkerchief out, and hand it to the prisoner, who made use of it, and put it in his pocket - I collared him, touched the gentleman on the shoulder, and told him of it - I collared the prisoner on one side and he on the other, and pushed him into a shop - he dropped the handkerchief - I asked a child to pick it up, which the child did, and gave it to the policeman or the prosecutor - I am certain I saw him drop it - I never lost sight of him.
Prisoner. He said at the Mansion-house that it was half-past two. Witness. I cannot say the exact time.
Mr. NAIRN. It was between eleven and one o'clock, I know - I am sure it was before one o'clock, on the 3rd of February.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PATRICK
               



            . I am a City policeman, No. 66 - about half-past two o'clock, on the 3rd of February, I was passing along on my duty, and was told of this - I went to the grocer's shop, and saw the prosecutor holding the prisoner by the collar - he was given into my custody with the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along about half-past two o'clock the same day, and this man came and seized me by the collar, he tapped the gentleman on the shoulder, and said, "You have got his handkerchief" - the gentleman took me into a grocer's shop, and he said, "Search him, he has got your handkerchief about him," and a little boy brought it into the shop and gave it to the gentleman.
JOHN SALTMARSH. I am quite certain I saw him drop it.
Prisoner. It is false about my using the handkerchief - I did not have it about me at all, and do not know who took it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
