




71. 




JOHN BERRY
 and 



MATILDA WARNER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of October, at 
St. Giles-in-the-fields, 1 watch, value 12l.; 1 neck chain, value 5l.; 1 eye-glass, value 7s.; 5 seals, value 6l.; 4 watch keys, value 2l.; 2 rings, value 4l.; 2 pair of spectacles, value 1l.; 1 bag, value 6d.; and 1 box, value 1s.; the goods of 



Hannah Chirm; and 1 coat, value 4l., the goods of 



Joseph Smith, in the dwelling-house of 



John Key.






HANNAH CHIRM
. I live near Birmingham. I came to town on Friday, the 17th of October, and put up at Mr. Kay's, the Green Man, Coal-yard, Drury-lane—I took a lodging there for two nights—my bed-room was the first floor back room—Mr. Smith, who had come with me, bad a room up another story higher—I continued these till the Sunday morning following, the 19th—I then locked my bed-room door, about a quarter after ten o'clock in the morning—I had seen my watch safe before I locked the door—I had placed it on the dressing-table, and I saw the neck-chain safe, and two rings and six seals—the seals and the chain were placed in a little box which was put on the dressing-table—the eye-glass was fixed to the chain—my reticule was there—I saw Mr. Smith's great coat on the chair at the top of my luggage—that was before I locked the door—afterwards, on seeing the company who came into the house, I felt uneasy, and went up to my room—I do not know that I saw either of the prisoners among the company—I went up stairs a little after eleven o'clock—I found the door was neither locked nor on the latch—it was ajar—on going into my bed-room I missed all the trinkets I have mentioned—they had all been on the table; and the great coat was gone off the luggage—I missed a box in which the trinkets were, and my reticule—I, the policeman, and Mrs. Kay went to search, and some of the articles have since been shown to me by the policeman—I have never seen the watch again—I consider that it was worth 12l.—it cost 20l.—my husband gave it to me—the neck-chain is worth at least five guineas.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How many persons did you see which excited your suspicions? A. I cannot pretend to tell you—there were a great many in the yard who I did not like—Britten, the witness, was taken by the police—I was not acquainted with him.





ELIZABETH KAY
. I live in King-street, Parliament-street, at Mr. Mitchell's, a biscuit-baker. I lived at the Green Man, in the parish of St. Giles, with my husband, John Kay—(he was landlord of the whole house) on the Sunday morning in question—I recollect the prosecutrix going up to her room—I had seen Warner come into the house, and saw her go out that morning, with John Berry, the other prisoner—they went out together, before Mrs. Chirm discovered the robbery—I did not see what part of the house they came from—I had not seen them in any part of the house—my occupation was in the bar—I only saw them going out,

and had seen Warner come in alone—I did not see the man come in—they went out about twenty minutes before the alarm was given—Bury had on a drab great coat—I gave information to the police.

COURT. Q. Did they go out a-breast, or how? A. Berry went out, and Warner asked him if he was not going to give her some gin before they left—he said, "No," and I let them out—Berry went out first—I did not notice them after.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What kind of a house is this? A. There is a bar door, and a street door; not a side door—the lodgers get to their rooms by the street door—Mrs. Chirm had a key of her apartment—I could get to her apartment by the same staircase as I went to my own—we both lived there—Mrs. Chirm stayed there eight or ten days afterwards—she went before we left the house—I did not expect her to come and lodge with us—I never saw her before—when she came, she asked if Mrs. Elliott, the former landlady, lived there—I told her, "No"—the prisoners both went out together, only not a breast—Warner asked him if he was not going to give her some gin—his answer was, "No."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Warner came in by herself? A. I saw her pass my door by herself—I did not see Berry with her.

COURT. Q. When you say you observed Warner come in alone, where were you? A. In my bar—she came in from the street door—she passed the bar, which leads to the tap-room on the left, and to a room called the club-room—that would lead to the stairs—I let the prisoners out of the house—I first saw them at the street door—I never saw Berry till I saw him go out—he was within two steps of the door when this conversation occurred—the club-room is up stairs—the same staircase leads to the lodger's room—I did not see whether Warner went up that staircase—to the best of my knowledge, she went up stairs—I have a recollection of it—I cannot say she went up, because there is a turning to prevent my seeing her; but I remember her perfectly well coming into the house, and passing the bar, which leads to the tap-room on the left, and the stairs on the right, and to the best of my recollection she went to the right.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you any recollection about it? A. Yes—I was at my business at the bar when Warner cane in—I was standing with my back to the fire-place—I swear I recollect that Warner turned to the right, and not to the left—what made me observe her was, she came into the house with a light trip along the passage—I had the tap-room in view—if she had gone in there, I should have observed it.

COURT. Q. Did Mrs. Chirm occupy the room opposite the club-room door? A. No; it is on the same landing, and on the same floor—hers was the back room—there are three rooms on the floor—my room and the club-room were the two front rooms—we had no club—the room was used by the customers at large—it was considered a better room than the tap-room—Berry was not intoxicated.





JAMES BRITTEN
. I was at the Green Man on Sunday morning—I saw Warner and Berry there—I met Berry on the stairs which lead to the club-room—he was going down the stairs, dressed in a drab great coat—I had not seen him in the house before, that—I did not see him go out—I was going up stairs at the time—nobody was with him then, but I saw Warner at the top of the staircase leading to the club-room, at the same time as I was going up; but they were not in company—she was standing

still—I cannot say how near the club-room door—I went into the club-room, and did not see whether she went away or remained there—I did not hear of the robbery till the afternoon—I went away about a quarter to one o'clock—I have not seen any coat since—I was charged with being concerned in this.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I suppose you did not take sufficient notice of the coat to speak to it? A. No, I did not; further than it was a drab coat—it was in the morning—I cannot name the time exactly—I think it must be about twelve o'clock—there were a number of people in the club-room—it was Sunday—I was among the company—church begins at eleven o'clock, and it is not over till one—there might be a dozen people in the club-room—they were almost all working men—there were some women there—I cannot say how many—I saw no drap coats in the room besides Berry's—I saw Berry—it might be about the centre of the stairs—he was coming down—I was in work at the time for Mr. Uxley, of Castle-street, Long-acre—they took me into custody and discharged me on the Monday morning—I made no promise to appeal at the next examination—I was not ordered to go, and did not—I was discharged altogether—I had not seen Berry arrive at the house, nor could I see him go out—I did not observe any thing pass between him and the female.





WILLIAM DAWSON
. I am a policeman. On Sunday afternoon, the 19th of October, I went to Warner's house, between four and five o'clock—I found her at No. 19, Belton-street, Long-acre, in the two-pair back room—I searched the room, and found this great-coat lying on a chair by the side of the fire; and I found this box in a cupboard by the side of the fire—there were two pair of spectacles and some ladies' fronts in the box, and some memorandums—I found this bag, and a ring—the ring was lying on the mantel-piece—I found nothing more—Warner said they were brought there by another person (naming the person) and she knew nothing at all about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you mean to say that was all she said? A. I do not know that is all she said—I do not know that I can recollect every word which was said—she said they were left by a man named Berry—I asked her if she knew where Berry was to be found—she said she did not rightly know, but the most likely place was the Swan, Little St. Andrew's-street—I went there, accompanied by Dixon (police-constable F 33) and Mrs. Kay—the prosecutrix was not with me—I found Berry there in consequence of what Warner told me—she did not point out the box before I found it—she did not attempt to conceal any of the property.

Re-examined. Q. Before you found the box, had you made any inquiry about it? A. No; I did not exactly know what was taken—I searched every part of the room as well as I could—she did not prevent my search—nothing except the great-coat had been mentioned as being lost—the closet was closed in which I found the box.

COURT. Q. In what parish is the Green Man? A. I believe, St. Giles-in-the-Fields; but I cannot exactly say—I have heard St. Giles parish always called St. Giles-in-the-Fields.





MATTHEW DIXON
. I am a policeman, I apprehended Berry on the 19th, at the White Swan, St. Andrew-street, Seven Dials, between five and six o'clock—I searched, and found on him a skeleton key and

two latch keys—I tried the skeleton key to the first floor back room door of the Green Man, which Mrs. Kay pointed out to me—it opened the lock.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. It is a common lock, is it not? A. I believe it is—the key opens it well—it is the usual sized lock for a bed-room—I dare say it would open a variety of doors.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Mrs. Kay was present when you apprehended Berry? A. Yes—she gave all the information she could to assist in apprehending the party.





JOSEPH SMITH
. I was at the Green Man—that is my great-coat.

MRS. CHIRM
re-examined. This is the little box I spoke of—it is mine—this is my reticule, and spectacles which were in the reticule—the other articles in the box are mine—this is the ring I lost—I have not seen the Watch since, nor the neck-chain.

Warner's Defence. Berry came to me and brought the coat—he told me he should return in a very short tine—I told him he must, for I was going out—he never came back—I went to bed, and was in bed when the policeman came—he asked how I came by the things—I said Berry brought them there, and he was coming very shortly for them; and that was not the only thing he had left—he asked what he had left besides—I was going to the cupboard to show them, but he got to the cupboard before I could get there—he asked where Berry was to be found—I said the most likely place would be the White Swan; and, after my being taken, the policeman went and found him there—in the morning, before the magistrate, Berry asked what I was going to say—I said I was going to speak the truth—he then said, "You had better say you had nothing to do with it"—I said, "I cannot say that; the coat could not walk into my room"—he said, "Well, you must say what you like, I suppose"—Mr. Minshull told me, if it was any service to me, to state that a female came to the cell, and said she had sold the watch for 6l.—I sent for my prosecutrix, and told her where the watch was to be found, in consequence of what I heard in prison—I do not know whether she went after it—I am as innocent as the babe unborn—he brought the things into my house—I said, "Here is a ring on the mantel-piece, which does not belong to me, does it belong to Kay?"—the policeman took it away.

Berry's Defence. My brother is a dealer in old iron; and, in helping him to sort out old iron, I picked out these two old keys, which the policeman found on me.





MATTHEW DIXON

re-examined. I know the Green Man—I have always heard the parish called St. Giles-in-the-Fields—I know it to be in that parish.

BERRY—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Life.

WARNER—


NOT GUILTY
.
