



4. 




ABRAHAM BURROWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of October, 1 coat, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 




Henry Barber, and that he had been previously convicted of felony.






HENRY BARBER
. I live in Cole's-buildings, Back-church-lane, and drive a cab. At half-past four o'clock on the afternoon of the 24th of October,

I put down a fare at the Woolpack, Kingsland-road—the gentleman wanted change for a sovereign—he asked me to step into the house—I saw the prisoner coming by, and asked him to mind my cab while I went, and he did so—I said I would give him a penny—I was in the house ten minutes—I went out twice to see if my cab was safe, and directly I came out the second time, the prisoner came to me, and said, "I cannot stop longer, I have got to go on an errand"—I said "Very well-come and bring me the whip, and I will give you the penny," which I did—I got change for sixpence, and gave him the penny—I followed him out about three minutes afterwards, and met a young man who asked me if I had lost any thing—I looked, and my great-coat, which I had left on the cab, was gone—the witness said, "Look down Thomas-street, and you will see him"—I looked, but I could not see him—I pursued him, and then saw another person had the coat—I do not know that the prisoner was following the man who had the coat—I saw him running down in the same direction with the other man who had the coat, and another person—the prisoner saw me, and then then all parted, and ran in different parts of the street.





JABEZ TURNBULL
. I am a carpenter, and live in Westmoreland-street, Hackney-road—on the afternoon of the 24th of October, I saw the prisoner standing at the corner of the Woolpack, handing the coat round to another person—there were three of them—it was a kind of surtout, or great-coat—it was similar to this one—the other two ran down Thomas-street—the cab was not two yards from the public-house—I looked into the public-house for the driver, and met him coming out—he went in pursuit of them, and I minded the cab.

Prisoner. First he said I had got the coat behind me. Witness. Yes, he handed it round him in a suspicious manner, or else I should not have taken notice of it.

Prisoner. I did not run till I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and then I saw a man running with it.





JAMES CLARK
 (Police-sergeant N 15.) I was on duty in the Hackney-road on the 24th of October—I saw the prisoner running very fast up the turning—he was given into custody.





HENRY BARBER

re-examined. This is my coat—it was given me down a turning in Thomas-street—it had been thrown into a rope-ground, in the direction in which the prisoner and the other persons ran.





WILLIAM HENRY WOLLEN
 (police-constable G 230.) I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the clerk of the peace, at Clerkenwell—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
