



1373. 




GEORGE JOHNSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
20th of May, 72 clasp-knives, value 4l., the goods of 



Thomas Williams.






ESTHER MARGARET WILLIAM
 s. I live in West Smithfield, and am the wife to Thomas Williams. On the 20th of May, the prisoner came to the shop—I was in the small room adjoining, and observed him standing at the glass-case—I went into the shop, and he left—I went to the door, saw him walking away very deliberately he put his hands behind him—I had knocked for some men to come to my assistance—the prisoner ran when he saw some person pursuing him—he then ran violently—he was taken in about an hour—I am sure this is the same person—three or four papers containing about six dozen knives, were missing—they had been all safe within five minutes before—I have not seen any of them since—I could not see any thing in his hands—he had them before him first, and then opened them and put them behind him.

Prisoner. I was taken a quarter before seven o'clock—she said she lost them about two o'clock, before she said it was about four o'clock—the policeman

asked me where I was—I said at Kensington till past four o'clock; I then came home, and went to a coffee-shop, and had my tea—is it likely that I should go to that neighbourhood where I had done a robbery? or is it likely I could put six dozen knives into my pocket? Witness. The policeman found he bad no knives, but very deep pockets in his trowsers.

Prisoner. Why did you not halloo, "Stop thief?" Witness. Because he was walking deliberately away—there was no one about—I had four men at work—they came to my assistance, but he ran so quickly then.





HENRY EDWIN RUSSELL
 (police-constable C 36.) I took the prisoner an hour after this in King-street, two or three hundred yards from the shop—he had been described to me by the witness—he had sufficiently deep pockets to carry the knives—I did not see the knives, but those I saw in the shop were small clasp-knives.





THOMAS WILLIAMS
. I am the prosecutor, and know the knives that were missing—many of them were very small—they were tied up in parcels, with one outside—I can put two dozen into my waistcoat-pockel—the value of them was about 4l.—there were nearly seven dozen of them.

Prisoner. When I was taken she said she hardly knew me—she thought I was the boy.

MRS. WILLIAMS. I have no hesitation in swearing he is the boy—there was no one who came into the shop but him—the knives were safe five minutes before—I had never left the shop till that moment—no one had entered the shop till I saw the prisoner at the glass case.

Prisoner. The servant persuaded her to swear to me—she was half an hour before she would swear to me. Witness. No such thing ever passed—this happened about ten minutes after four o'clock—he was taken a little after five o'clock.

Prisoner. The policemen were coming off duty—it was near seven o'clock when I was taken—there was one of them ran across and said he knew me.

JURY
to
HENRY EDWIN RUSSELL. Q. Did you take the prisoner from what Mrs. Williams said? A. Yes; she said he had a light blue coat and black hat—he was about five feet high, and quite a lad—she said she was confident he was the lad when she saw him.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
