




800. 




JOSHUA HARWOOD
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of January, 2561bs. weight of tallow, value 7l. 10s., the goods of 



Morris Parry and others, his masters: and 




JOHN MARCH



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






MORRIS PARRY
. I am one of the firm of Catherine Parry and Sons. We are tallow-chandlers in Fleur-de-lis-court, Spitalfields—Harwood was our errand-boy for about three months—on Friday morning, the 11th of January, our man found a sack in the cellar, which he brought up to me—it had the appearance of having had tallow in it—I desired him to put it where he found it—about five o'clock, Harwood left to go to tea—I followed, with our man—he went into the shop of the prisoner March, in Lamb-street—it is an oil-shop—I went in, and saw Harwood and March there, and the bag which I had seen before, was on the weighing-machine—Harwood was taking the money off the counter as I went in, and March was behind the counter—the bag contained thirty-six pounds of Russia tallow—I asked Harwood what he did there—he said he came to buy soap and soda—I pointed to the bag—he then immediately began to cry, and begged I would forgive him, as his father had died that morning, and he did it to buy a coffin—I told March I was surprised he should buy tallow of such a boy

as that—he made me no answer—he was serving a customer at the time—he asked me to walk into his parlour—I did so, and he told me he bought it in consequence of the boy representing that his father was a pastry-cook, and this was his perquisite, that he said it was dripping, and he bought it for dripping—I said I thought that was impossible, for I remembered him coming to our shop to buy candles, and putting them to his nose to try the quality—I thought he could not make that mistake—I left the shop, and gave Harwood into custody—I went again and saw March—I asked him how much he had of it—he shewed me two casks which had been in his possession—I asked if that was the whole he had got—he said he believed that was the whole—I said he must know if he had any more—he said, no, he believed he had not—Harwood was not there then—Mrs. March came, and asked me to look over the place—I went into the passage, and found another cask—I said "You forgot this"—he said "Yes, I had forgotten that"—I asked him what he had given the boy for it—he said 21/2d. per pound, as dripping—I said that was a very inferior price, as we were giving, for common kitchen-stuff, 36s. and 38s. per cwt—I told him it cost us 60s. per cwt., which would be about 61/2d. per pound—I then took March into custody—there was about 21/2 cwt. altogether in the three casks—I believe it to be my tallow.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did he not say "I had no idea it was tallow?" A. Yes—I searched a warehouse of his, at a distance from the shop, at his wife's request, but found nothing there—the two casks I saw were in the shop—one was under the counter, the other, I think, had a cover on, but I am not sure—they were old butter-firkins, such as are used to put kitchen-stuff in—the third cask was in the passage leading to the warehouse—I had to pass it to go to the warehouse—21/2d. per pound is what is given in shops for kitchen-stuff.

COURT. Q. Is Russia tallow like kitchen-stuff? A. Not at all to me, either in tight or smell, but I am a tallow-chandler.





EDWIN RICHARD
. I am in the prosecutor's service. I found this bag in the cellar—I showed it to my master, and replaced it where I found it, by his desire—the prisoner went down into the cellar about dinner time—I went down soon after, and missed the bag—I afterwards saw the prisoner come out with the bag on his shoulder, and watched him to March's shop.





GEORGE BUCKHAM
. I am in the prosecutor's service. I saw Harwood take away the bag, and followed him into March's shop—I stood outside, and looked through the window—I saw Harwood put the bag on the machine, and March weighed it—it was then placed against a salt-bin—March came to the counter, and paid Harwood—I cannot say how much, it was silver—Harwood took a reckoner from his pocket, looked at it, and said that was right—the bag was not opened at all—I then called my master—I heard Harwood say he came there to buy soap and soda—he afterwards admitted that he took it to buy his father a coffin.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe his father is dead? A. Yes—he had died that morning between seven and eight o'clock.





WILLIAM SHAW
 (police-constable H 112.) I was sent for and took March into custody—I was there some time—he said he was ill—I was ordered to stay by him till the surgeon was sent for—he came and examined him, and he was taken to the station-house—he said it was a bad job.


MR. BODKIN
called






THOMAS CODD
. I am an oil-man, and live in Chiswell-street. I have known March seventeen or eighteen years—he has borne a most excellent character—the shop in Lamb-street was taken by his son about three months ago to carry on the business of an Italian warehouseman which his employers are—the prisoner was only there to take care of the goods for his son—I valued the stock when the shop was taken—I do not think the prisoner knew the name of one article in the shop—he came and asked me several times to tell him what different things were—the shop was advertised to be let shortly after, and the prisoner continued to have charge of it, till a tenant was found—I deal in kitchen-stuff and dripping—it is sold at 2d. a lb. in retail shops—not one person in twenty out of the trade would know the difference between dripping and Russia tallow—children generally bring such things.
— MILLER. I am an oil-man. I occupied the shop before it was let to the prisoner's son—the prisoner expressed his utter ignorance of the quality and name of most of the things—I was often called in to tell the name of things, and I expressed my opinion that he was very unfit to remain there—I deal in kitchen-stuff and tallow—there is a great deal of difference in kitchen-stuff in a melted state—a man might mistake tallow for it.
— PEACOCK. I have been in the melting trade, and have had large dealings with tallow-chandlers—I think it very difficult to distinguish tallow from kitchen-stuff—I have bought kitchen-stuff as good as any tallow—I knew the prisoner as a grocer, and believe he was not at all acquainted with these things.





JOHN JENKINS
. I am a trunk-maker, and live in Liverpool-street, Bishopsgate-street. I recommended the prisoner's son to this shop.





THOMAS WILLIAM MARCH
. I am the prisoner's son, and am in the employ of Kennett and Eaton. I took the shop in Lamb-street some months ago, to carry on the pickle and foreign fruit trade—I altered my intention, and advertised to let it—my father had no interest in the trade whatever—he was only there till I could let the shop—he was not at all acquainted with tallow or kitchen-stuff—he never saw any till he came there.





CHARLES EATON
. I am one of the firm of Kennett and Eaton. The prisoner's son was in our employ—he took this shop in Lamb-street, and the father was merely there till his son could let it again—the father was more than twelve months in our employ—a more honest man never lived, but he had no knowledge of the business.
(Elizabeth Hammond, the wife of a sawyer, and Daniel Forbes, a journeyman weaver, gave Harwood a good character.)

HARWOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years to the Isle of Wight.

MARCH—


NOT GUILTY
.
