



2220. 




SARAH SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
23d of September, 1 watch, value 5l., the goods of 



George Blakesley, from his person.






GEORGE BLAKESLEY
. I live in Friday-street. On the 23rd of Settember I met the prisoner and another woman near St. Bride's church, Fleet-street, at half-past twelve o'clock at night—the prisoner spoke to me—I do not remember what she said—she began hustling and pulling me about—I pushed her away—she would not go—I crossed the road—she came to me again, and put her arm round me—I pushed her away again—she then ray away—I missed my watch when she was gone—I took the other woman, who was in company with her—I went the next morning to a house in Shire-lane—the prisoner saw me, and ran backwards into the privy—she came out, and I gave her in charge—I have never seen the watch since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. A box-maker—I live with my mother—I had been spending the evening with a friend, in Dorset-street, Salisbury-square—I had been drinking, but only a single glass of gin and water—I had only drank beer at my dinner—the first time they came up to me together—I did not see them for more than two minutes—I then crossed the road to get away from them—I saw them for about five minutes before the watch was taken—I saw them a sufficient length of time to be able to say the prisoner is one of them—she had on a red shawl and a straw bonnet—Green, the other, was lagging behind two or three yards, at the time the prisoner ran away—I ascertained they lived at Shire-lane—the watchman turned them out of a brothel the same night—I have not got my watch—Green was taken and searched before she had got so far as Salisbury-square—the other ran towards Temple-bar.

COURT. Q. How long before the prisoner put her arms round you, had you seen your watch safe? A. About five minutes—I had looked at the time, and found it was half-past twelve o'clock.





JOHN M'CUE
. I am watchman of St. Bride's. On the night of the 23rd of September, I saw the prisoner and Green in a house in Gunpowder-alley, shoe-lane, which is opposite St. Bride's, from half-past ten to eleven o'clock that night—I did not see her again.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is your beat? A. In Shoe-lane—I do not go into Fleet-street—the prisoner said she was in a house in Smithfield, from nine till twelve o'clock but I was called into the house, and found

her down stairs—I saw her for about ten minutes—I knew her to be an unfortunate woman, that walks the streets.





WALTER FORD
 (City police-constable No. 21.) I took the Prisoner—nothing was found on her.

Prisoner's Defence. I do not know the gentleman—I was at the Half Moon singing-house at the time—I has my sister and brother with me.




GUILTY
. Aged 18—


Transported for Seven Years.
