






701. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of December
, 1 necklace, value 30s.; 1 reticule, value 5s.; 2 books, value 2s.; 6 knives, value 5s., and 6 forks, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Cotton
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  COTTON
               



            . I live in Grafton-street, Soho


. The prisoner was my cook
; she came on the 3rd of September, and quitted on the 5th of January - I missed a gold chain while she was with me; I went, in consequence of information, to No. 17, Little Compton street; a box was brought from her room into the parlour - it was locked, and I believe the prisoner gave the key; this gold chain, two books, a reticule, and these dessert knives and forks were found in it - they are worth about 40s; we had a written character with her.
WILLIAM BOND (Police-constable C 24). I went with Mr. Evans' son to Little Compton-street, where the prisoner was then living - I saw Mr. Cotton there; the box was opened with a key which the prisoner produced, and these things were found in it - she said nothing about them
Prisoner. I did not furnish the key, the bar-maid got it.
Witness. The prisoner said she had lost the key, and the bar-maid went and fetched it from the room; she said it was under the bed, but I did not see it - the prisoner owned to the things.
COURT. Q. What did she say? A. She did not say any thing - I asked her where the key was, she searched her pocket, and then asked Mr. Evans' little girl if she had got it; she said no, she had given it to her again - she then searched her pocket again, and could not find it, and then the bar-maid went and got it - Mr. Cotton claimed the property; the prisoner said nothing. - Mr. Evans asked her if these were Mr. Cotton's property; she said Yes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
