





222. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SWAIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of August
, 1 bolster, value 5s.; 4 pillows, value 10s.; 4 shirts, value 6s.; 4 blankets, value 16s.; 1 counterpane, value 8s.; 1 pair of pockets, value 1s.; 2 aprons, value 2s.; 3 yards of calico, value 9d.; 4 basins, value 1s., and 1 flat-iron, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Esther 
                           Lala
                        



                     
                  ; 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.; 1 shirt, value 2s., and 1 frock, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Augustin 
                           Ballands
                        



.
ESTHER LALA. I live in Union-street, Shadwell


. The prisoner was in my service for eight or nine months - I went to the Queenborough election with my lodger, and left the prisoner at my house; when I returned the prisoner was gone, and some of my neighbours had put a padlock on my door, to keep her from taking things away - I missed a great many articles which I have not found; the articles stated were among them - I made inquiries, and the prisoner was taken on the 23rd of November; I asked what she meant by doing so; she said she knew all about it, and she would go with me quietly.


                  ROBERT 
                  MARSTON
               



            . I am a Thames Police-officer. I went with the presecutor to Greenwich and took the prisoner; she said she had destroyed the duplicates, but would give me a list of the things.


                  JOHN 
                  RALPH LAWSON
               



            . I have a sheet, a pair of pockets, a pair of shoes, and some other things pawned by the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have five articles, but I did not take them in, and do not know who pawned them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I rented a room at her house while my husband was at home, and paid her 7s. a week; when my husband went to sea with the man who lived with her he left me his monthly money, and when she was gone to Queenborough, I took these things with the intention of redeeming them with my husband's money, which she was in the habit of receiving.


                  ESTHER 
                  LALA
               



            . She was my servant
; I took her in out of charity - I went to Queenborough on the 30th of July, and returned on the 3rd of August; I left her plenty to eat and drink while I was gone, and 2s. to get her some beer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
