





2009. 




SAMUEL BLACKLEY
 and 




ROBERT ALLPIN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of August, 1 pair of shoes, value 3s., the goods of 




John Saul; and that



Robert Allpin had been before convicted of felony: and  




ANN SMITH



 for feloniously receiving the same goods, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c., and that she had been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD LANGLEY
 (police-sergeant Q. 11) On the 11th of August, I was going along Blackman-street, and saw the two male prisoners go to Mr. Saul's shop—Blackley took a pair of shoes, and handed them to Allpin—they separated—I pointed out Blackley to a policeman to take him—while I was doing that, Allpin turned a corner, and I lost him.





THEOPHILUS COOPER
. I am servant to Mr. Saul, he is a sale-shop keeper, in Blackman-street, Borough. He sells shoes which hang out of the door—I missed a pair of shoes on that day—these are them.

Allpin Q. How far were you from me? A. About twelve of fifteen yards—I did not say fifty yards at Union Hall.





WILLIAM ALEXANDER JONES
. I am a pawnbroker, and produce the shoes—Smith pawned them for 1s—she said her name was Taylor.

Smith. He has received my things, and my children's many times,





PATRICK GLYNN
 (police-constable R170.) I took Blackley, and found the duplicate of these shoes in his pocket.





WILLIAM BOWMAN
 (police-constable M162.) I produce the certificate of Smith's former conviction, from the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey (read)—she is the woman.





JOHN RIORDAN
 (police-constable M 63.) I produce the certificate of Allpin's former conviction (read)—he is the man.

Blackley's Defence. I was standing by the church—a young man came by and offered me them for 1s. 6d.—I said I would give him 9d., which was all I had—he took it—I went to a place, and found this young woman, who took them to pawn for me.

Allpin's Defence. I never saw the things at all, till I came to Union Hall—the officer said he only saw my coat, and he was fifty yards off—he said he was afraid to make a noise.





EDWARD LANGLEY
. I did not—I am sure, they are the two men—I watched them for about five minutes—I saw them talk and walk together.

BLACKLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ALLPIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported For Fourteen Years.

SMITH—


NOT GUILTY
.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
