





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1847. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BUTCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 1 watch, value 6l.; 1 watchchain, value 24s.; 1 seal, value 10s.; 2 watch keys, value 7s., and 1 hook, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cotton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  COTTON
               



            . I am a silk weaver. On the 14th of July, a friend came from Dublin, and on the 17th, I went home with him to his lodging, and left him about one o'clock in the morning; I was returning home, and got to Old Nichol-street, Bethnal-green


 about two; the prisoner there accosted me, and asked me to go home with her, which I refused; she then asked me to give her some money; I took out a few halfpence, to show her it was all I had - she snatched them and ran off; I then felt my waistcoat pocket and missed my watch - there was another person with her, but the prisoner took the money and the watch; I ran and called Stop her! I met two men who threw out their arms, and one of them kicked me on the leg, and made a bruise - the prisoner had then made her escape, but I pursued after the other person; I went to the station, gave information, and on going back, I met a Policeman, whom I informed of it; he took the prisoner from my description the next morning.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many persons did you have taken up upon this business? A. Two men and two women; I had seen the prisoner before that night at some place, but I cannot say where - it was a pleasant night, not so dark but I could observe any one who come near me; I told the Magistrate that I felt her fingers about me in rather a cuddling manner, and he asked me why I did not seize her hand; I said I felt myself almost stunned; I bought the seal at a watchmaker's shop at the corner of Brown's-lane; I had worn it three years - it is a plain seal, but I am positive it is mine, for on the 16th I had cleaned it, and my wife told me I had not cleaned the whitening out; I never said if the duplicate were given me I would stop the proceeding.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             (Police-constable H 91). I was told by the prosecutor that he had been robbed; I took the prisoner and Thompson about eleven o'clock the same morning; I found nothing on Thompson - my brother officer searched the prisoner and she dropped the seal; I saw it close to her feet.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see it drop? A. No.


                  EDWARD 
                  BERRINGER
               



             (Police-constable H 51). I took the prisoner - she said, "Let me put my money into my bosom;" she put her money into her bosom, and dropped this seal through her gown.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not the other woman close to her? A. She was about a yard and a half from her; I found 5s. 9 1/2d. on her, but nothing connected with this watch - a female searched her afterwards.(Seal produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had the money in my hand; he wanted it, and I wanted to put it into my bosom - I was then going along, and he said, "What have you dropped?" I said nothing; he turned from me and said he had found a seal, and that I had dropped it - I had not seen it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
