





1251. 



ANNA NELATON
 and 




EUGENIE LEMAIRE, alias 
Eugenie Carline Lemaire

, were indicted for 

stealing, on the 
18th of April, at 
St. James, Westminster, 59 yards of silk, value 15 l, the goods of 




William Edward King, in his dwelling-house; and




ALEXANDRE JULIEN DUCHENE, alias 
Julien Duchene Alexandre

, 

for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen.

MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the prosecution.





THOMAS HOBBS
. I am a policeman, I produce a piece of silk, claimed by Mr. King—I took it from the person of a man named Nelaton, in the shop of Mr. Bartram, a pawnbroker, in Princes-street, Soho.





WILLIAM EDWARD KING
 I am silk-mercer, and live in Pall-mall, in the parish of St. James's Westiminster. I live and sleep there—it is my dwelling-house—between four and five o'clock on Monday, the 18th of April, the two female prisoners came to my shop—I am confident they are the persons—I did not know them before—Lemaire produced a yard and a quarter of silk, and requested me to match it—they both spoke broken English, such as I could understand—I do not speak French myself—I set Jerritt, my shopman, to match the silk, which he did—he cut them off a yard and a quarter, and it was delivered to them—I am not certain which of them produced the silk, they both spoke about it—it came to 6s., 10d.—Lemaire gave me 7s—I went to my desk, in the frost shop, which was some distance from them, to get change—I gave them the change at the front shop counter, and they went away—the piece of silk produced by Hobbs, is my property—it was on the counter when they were there—about three quarters of an hour after they were gone, I saw my young man had forgotten to put up the yard and quarter of silk, which they had brought with that they had bought—I did not miss this piece of silk till twelve o'clock the following morning—there are fifty-nine yards—it is worth, at least, 15l—this is the piece they behind (looking at it.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. Is yours shop of considerable business? A. Yes—we have not a great number of ladies calling, perhaps four or five a-day—not more, and there only two that day—I have never expressed any doubt about Nelaton begin there—I gave a description of them to the policeman, when I missed the goods—I think they were engaged with me about a quarter of an hour—I am not mistaken in my own mind as to Neaton—I have never mistaken one person for another—I do not believe there had been any persons in my shop after the prisoner left, till the silk was missed at twelve the next day—I was not present the whole time, and came swear to that—my house is about a mile and a half from Howland-street Eitzroy-square—about twenty or twenty-five minutes walk—I cannot

not give the time they came, nearer than between four and five o'clock—I have no clock in the shop—I had not looked at my watch—I cannot say whether it was nearer five that four o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had your shopman to go to some other part of the shop to match the silk? A. To the front—I remained with them the while—they paid me in the back shop—I was with them the whole time in the back shop till they paid me the 7s.—I then went forward to get them change, and left them in the back shop—I did not return—they came forward—I put the 2d. in a bit of paper, and gave it to them, and they went away.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you recollect how they were dressed? A. I an almost certain Lemaire was in a black cloak, and I think the other in a reddish brown cloak—they appeared to me very large cloaks—I should think they were large enough to conceal this parcel—they were alone is the back shop while I went to get the 2d.—no body could see what they were doing—the silk was in the back shop—two folding glass doors separate the back shop from the front—those doors were open—the distance from Princes-street to Howland-street is much less than from my house.

MR. PAYNE
Q. Is the time they were in the back shop aline included in the quarter of an hour that they were there? A. Yes.





HENRY JERRITT
. I am in the employment of Mr. King. I saw the two female prisoners there on the 18th of April, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon—they produced this piece of brown silk, and requested to have it matched—I found a match to it—I can swear positively to Lemaire being one of the persons, and to the best of my belief Nelston is the other—I gave them a yard and a quarter of silk to match theirs—I saw them give Mr. King some silver—he went into the front shop to get change—I was then at the front of the shop doing up the silk—that evening I found the piece of brown silk which they had brought to match—Mr. King missed the levender silk next morning while I was out—I am sure this silk is his property—Lemaire had on a black cloak, and Nelaton a mixture of flowers and green—I imagine the cloaks were large enough to conceal the silk.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. Can you tell the time nearer than your master? A. No—I know waterloo House.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Is it not your duty to clear up the shop at night? A. Yes—I did so that night, and missed nothing—Mr. King's desk is near the window—it is at the front window—there is a passage to go through to the shop—a person at the desk would be nearer the door than when in the back shop—the counter is nearer the door then the desk—the desk is within about seven feet of the door—you first enter the street door, then half down a passage, and turn to the left, to come into the shop—I was between the desk and the door, when Mr. King went to the desk to get change—I was at the right of Mr. King, nearer to the door—the counter was between me and the door.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. That is the counter of the front shop? A. Yes—not the counter at which the woman were—my eyes were fixed on them, though I was doing up the silk in paper.





JAMES HOWELL
. I am shopman to Mr. Bartram, a pawnbroker, in Princes-street. This piece of silk was brought to our shop on Monday, the 18th of April, and pawned by the prisoner Duchene—I knew him before—I should think it was between five and sis o'clock—he gave the name of"Relion, 8, Compton-street, Soho"—he did not stat whether he

was a housekeeper or lodger—I advanced 8l. on it—on Friday, the 22nd of April, a man named Nelaton came to redeem it—I had had notice about it, and sent for a police-officer, who took him into custody with the silk—I did not go to No. 8. Compton-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was your shop lighted up? A. No—it was not time—I am quite sure of that.





THOMAS HOBBS
. I am a policeman. On the 22nd of April I called in to Mr. Bartram's to leave a bill—I saw Alphonse Nelston there, and took him into custody, and took the silk from his to the station-house—it was under his arm—in consequence of what he said to me I went to No, 38, A. Howland-street—Farrant went with me—it was about nine or ten o'clock in the morning that I took him, and we went off there directly—it might be eleven o'clock when we got there—I rang the bell, and the servant let us in—I and Farrant went up-stairs, leaving a constable down at the door—I saw the prisoner Duchene on the stairs with nothing on but his shirt and trowsers—he had another man with him—I asked him to walk up-stairs, which he did with the young man, into a room—I asked him if they were his apartments—he said, in broken English, "This is my apartment"—I asked him whether he had sold any pawnbrokers' tickets to the gentleman who lived down below, and who was his landlord (meaning Nelation)—he said he did not sell any—I asked these questions in consequence of what had passed between Nelaton and myself—I told him he must go along with me concerning some silks—he said, "What me?—me"?—I saw a door ajar, leading into another room—I pulled it open, and saw Lemaire—she had her morning gown on—I told her she must go along with me also—she was pulling up her stocking—in the mean time the other prisoner, Mrs. Nelaton, came up-stairs, and wanted to know what was the matter—she spoke English pretty fair, as I understood—we told her we should want her also to go along with us—she went down stairs, Farrant following her—we took them into custody—Duchene said, "Are you going to take my wife?"—I told him, "Yes"—he spoke of Lemaire—no other was present—I then searched the room, and found a duplicate, but nothing particular there—I afterwards went to No, 8 Compton-street, but found no such person as Relion lived there.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Duchene denied having sold the duplicates to Nelaton, but not having received them? A. Yes.





THOMAS FARRANT
 (police-constable C 159). On the 22nd of April I went with Hobbs to 38, A. Howland-street—I went in plain clothes and took a police-officer in his uniform with me—I and Hobbs went into the house and saw Duchene on the stairs with a man who I had just before seen go into the house—I searched the parlour and found a quantity of silk handkerchiefs and a piece of silk lying on the sofa and a few duplicates—I heard Hobbs ask Duchene if he had sold any duplicates to Nelaton and I asked him myself—I mentioned Nelaton's name—he at first did not appear to understand me—I then showed him a duplicate and asked him if he had sold any tickets of that sort to Nelaton—he said he had not.

Nelaton's Defecne (through an interpreter.) I do not know Mr. King—I never entered his house—I never went out with the other prisoner.

Lemaire's Defence. I am not quite sure that I went to that gentleman's house, but I cannot positively deny it—if I did it was to buy a piece of silk—I went with another lady—I never touched any of that gentleman's property, but I do not know whether the other lady did or not—Mr. King as mistaken—I had no cloak on, but I had this shawl on.


Ducher's Defence. The piece of silk was not pawned between five and' six o'clock—it was between six and seven o'clock—if I had known it had been stolen I should not have gone to the same pawnbroker, where I had pawned something previously.





GEORGE MARTIN
. I am in the employ of Halling, Pearce, and Stone, of Waterloo House, Cockspur-street. I know a person who I suppose to be the husband of Madame Nelaton. On Monday the 28th of April, I went to 38, Howland-street, hut not in consequence of information from him—I think I left Cockspur-street about ten minutes after four o'clock, and I think I was in Howland-street about half-past four o'clock—I remained there about half an hour—I saw the prisoner Nelaton at home—she was not dressed as if for walking—she had not the cap on she had now and no headdressed at all—her husband was not at home—she requested me to wait till he returned—I think there were some dresses on the table—she was not engaged upon them when I went in—I waited about ten minutes before Nelaton came in, and staid there about half an hour—she did not leave the house at all while I was there.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had you any particular reason for noticing the time you left Cockspur-street? A. Not further than I had promised the person who came to me to be there at four o'clock, I was not there by four o'clock—I looked at my watch when I started and think it was ten minutes past four, I cannot say positively, but it was between four and five o'clock I am certain—I could not say the time I arrived there to a few minutes—it might have bee near five o; clock—I went straight there—a young girl opened the door to me—I was shown into the parlour—Madame Nelaton was there when I went in—there is a room communicating with the parlour—the young woman opened the door and showed me that Madame Nelaton was there—she had a dark-coloured dress on—quite plain—it would be a very good walking-dress under a cloak—she had not headdress at all—she could certainly have gone out by putting a bonnet on—I believe she is a dress and stay-marker—I went to speak to her about business—I think I have seen Mr. Nelaton before—I think I have seen them both at our house before, and I have seen them in Thayer-street, where I believe they formerly lived—I have been in the habit of dealing with Mr. Nelaton—we have three Frenchmen in our house—I dealt with him for some bandanas and a piece of silk—nothing else; that was both in Thayer-street and Howland-street—once for silk and bandanas together, and once for silk—we had three dealings, not more—they were for my employers—I brought about six handkerchiefs altogether, and two pieces of silk—I was going about some bandanas on the 18th of April—that was one of the three dealings—I dealt for bandanas that day.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you sure you set off from your employer's house a few minutes after four o'clock? A. It was, I should say, about ten minutes after four—I went straight from Cockspur-street to the house—I have been in Halling and Co's employ, nearly eleven years.

FANNY D—I was in the service of Madame Nelaton. On the 18th of April, I recollect Mr. Martin coming there between four and five o'clock in the afternoon—Madame Nelaton had been in-doors all the day long.

MR. ADOLPHES. Q. Were you there when the police-officers came and took all the things? A. Yes—they asked me about Duchene and about Nelaton, but I did not know who it was.

Q. Did not you tell him, Madame Nelaton had been out almost the

whole day, that she came home late to a late dinner, and all the parties, she and her husband dined together? A. No, not that Madame Nelaton—I said, Madame Duchene had been out with Madame Victoire—he did not ask me about Madame Nelaton—he asked me if my mistress had been at home that day or out—he did not ask me any names at all—he asked me who were out; if they were out, if I recollected any of them going out that day, but he did not say any name, to my recollection—I will not swear he did not—he did not say the name of Nelaton, nor my mistress,—I have lived seven or eight weeks with Madame Nelaton—I lived with them two days, in Thayer-street—Nelaton and Duchene dine together almost every day—I do not know what business Duchene is.

COURT. Q. Does Madame Duchene lodge also at that house? A. Yes—no other lady lodges there.

MR. PAYNE
Q. Is Madame Victoire there almost every day? A. Every day—she used to come to Madame Duchene—I am quite street it was Madame Victoire and Madame Duchene that went out together—I never saw Madame Nelaton go out with Madame Duchene, all the time I was there—Madame Victoire is a tall lady.

NELATON—


NOT GUILTY
.

LEMAIRE—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.

DUCHENE—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

BEFORE MR. JUSTICE LITTLEDALE.
