





837. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     LEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, 1 jacket, value 1l. 15s.; 1 waistcoat, value 15s.; 4 half-crowns, and 1 shilling
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Carpenter
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CARPENTER
               



            . I am a smith
. On the morning of the 25th of April, the prisoner overtook me in Grosvenor-place - she introduced herself to me, and asked me to give her something to drink - I told her I would - I had been drinking, but knew what I was about - we went into the Feathers in Grosvenor-place - we had a quartern of rum - I then accompained her to her house at Westminster


 - I went up one pair of stairs - she asked what I was going to give her - I asked what she wanted - she said 4s., which I gave her - I was in the room about an hour and a half - I pulled off my jacket and waistcoat, and laid on the bed with her - I fell asleep, and about a quarter-past one in the morning, the woman of the house awoke me, and asked if I knew the young woman who went out - I said "No" - she said she had been gone half an hour - I then missed my jacket and waistcoat, and the money stated, out of my trousers pocket - I went and gave information - the house was searched, but nothing was found - I fell in with the prisoner about a fortnight afterwards near the same spot - I asked her if she did not know me - she denied all knowledge of me - I am quite sure she is the woman - I have not seen my property.

Prisoner. Q. Can you with a clear conscience say, that I went into any room with you? A. Yes, you did.


                  MARY 
                  JOY
               



            . My husband is in the Guards. I lodge in the house - the prisoner and prosecutor came together - I had not seen the prisoner before, but I know she is the woman - she asked if they could have a bed for the night - I lighted them up stairs, and I had a shilling for the bed - she said, "We are differently situated now to what we were when he went to sea, "and she said "He cannot stop all night, but I shall" - she came down in about an hour, and said she wanted a plate to go to a cook shop - I gave her my landlady's plate - I said it was too late, but she said she could get it - she went out and never returned - I then went to the prosecutor, who missed his property.


                  THOMAS 
                  SIMPSON
               



             (police-constable B 78). Last Thursday night week, I was on duty in Grosvenor-place, and the prosecutor gave the prisoner into custody for robbing him - she admitted having been with him in Grosvenor-place, but denied going to any house with him.
Prisoner's Defence. I never went to any house with him but the public-house - I was told of this the second night, but I said I should not abscond - I stayed for a fortnight afterwards - the officer knows that I never gave him any trouble.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
