



1032. 




JOHN REEVES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of March, boots, value 1l., the goods of 



Samuel Bryan.






THOMAS POTTER
. I live in Bateman's-buildings, Soho-square, and am cab-driver. I was going up Oxford-street, about a quarter past six clock, on the 19th of March, and saw the prisoner take two boots from the door of Mr. Bryan's shop—he got a space from the door, doubled them up, then put them under his arm, and ran off—I said to a man, "That man has stolen these boots"—I went on, and got to Crown-street—the man belonging to the boots overtook me—I told him—I then went on towards St. Giles's Church, and saw the prisoner opposite the churchyard, in conversation with two women—I went across, and said, "Old fellow, you have got a good pair of boots there"—he said, "Yes; I make them"—I said,"Yes, you made them pretty quick, for I saw you take them from a man's door"—he up with his fist, gave me a rap on the side of the head, and down I went—I got up, and said I would follow him—he went on to Bainbridge-street, and stopped at a door, and said, "I live here"—I said, "I shall stop and see you go in"—he said, "Then I will not go in now"—he then went on to the "Rookery," and I was afraid to follow him—he was taken by the policeman.

Prisoner. You said you did not see me take them. Witness. I saw you take them, but I did not know that you stole them till you doubled them up, and ran away, or I could have stopped you—I did not see a policeman when I saw you the second time.





THOMAS BELL
. I am a servant out of place. On the night in question I was standing at the prosecutor's door—I saw the prisoner come by, and take two boots—I went and called Mr. Bryan's man, and we went after him, but did not overtake him—I afterwards saw him in custody, and am confident he is the person.





JOHN SAMUEL ALLEN
. I am shopman to Mr. Samuel Bryan. Bell told me that a man had taken some boots—I went out and saw a man a hundred yards before me—I followed him, but we lost him—from the description I had of the man, and what I saw of him, I believe the prisoner is the man—the boots are quite lost.

Prisoner. Q. Could you swear to me? A. I believe you to be the man—he had a jacket on similar to the one you have now.





HENRY BUTLER
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner, in consequence of the description the witness gave me.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.
