






2088. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURNELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July

, 9 lamps, value 4l.; 2 oil-cups, value 3s.; 1 glass-holder, value 18d.; 2 lamp-glasses, value 1s.; 6 lamp-values, 18d.; 3 pairs of scissors, value 4s.; 4 wick-holders, value 16d.; 6 knobs, value 6d., and 4 lamp-buttons, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Brookes
                        



                     
                  , his master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     ZALICK 
                     WORMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute.
MESSERS. PHILLIPS and CHURCHILL conducted the prosecution.


                  MATTHEW 
                  BAYFIELD
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Brookes
               



            , a lamp-manufacturer
; Burnell was in his employ. On the 24th of July I was informed some of our lamps were exposed for sale on Saffron-hill; I went and bought at the shop of Mr. Ince, this chamber-lamp; it was on the evening of the 24th of July - I afterwards purchased another at the shop of Worms; and in consequence of that, I took the number of the lamps contained in the drawers, and in our counting-house - on the morning of the 25th a chamber-lamp was taken away; I then gave information to Waddington, at Hatton-garden - next morning there was nothing missed; on the morning of the 27th of July I had Burnell apprehended - I went to Worms' with Waddington and Cooper; we found on the mantel-piece, a pocket-book containing some duplicates, and amongst them several for lamps, and concealed in a child's crib, under the bed, we found these new bronze pieces of a lamp, and some other pieces in the shop; they are my master's.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you give instructions for apprehending Burnell on the 25th? A. Yes; he was taken on the 27th - this globe-vase and some other things were found on him; he had been nearly two years in Mr. Brookes' employ - Worms keeps a small broker's-shop on Saffron-hill; I saw some articles belonging to my master exposed for sale in Worms' window; when I bought the lamp, but not when we made the search.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I watched Burnell from Mr. Brookes', on the 27th of July-I stopped him on Saffron-hill; I found in his hat a globevase, this chamber-lamp in one pocket, and these other articles in another pocket - I asked what he was going to do with them; he said to make money of them, and he was sorry for what he had done.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I went to search Worm's house; I found in the fire-place these two chimney-glasses, and this part of a lamp; Waddington handed to me this pocketbook, in which I found some duplicates which led to other lamps - on the fire-place I found a pair of scissors, and another pair in some drawers in the shop - I told Worms we came to look for some lamps; he denied having any thing of the kind, but said we might search his place, but we had no right without a warrant; we then searched; he was very turbulent, and said he would not go with us -Waddington's time was taken up in taking care of him; he said he could produce a catalogue of a sale at which he had bought some lamps - when we got him into custody I took him to Burnell; I asked if he knew that man; he said he did, and it was useless to deny it - I said, "Did you let him have this property?" he said, "Yes, all but these chimney-glasses and the scissors."
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did not Burnell tell you that he had taken these things to Worms' at different times? A. No; he said he had sold him the property, but he did not say when - I was not with Waddington when he took Burnell, but I joined him before he locked him up, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's, and about three minutes walk from Worms' - he was passing by a turning which led to Worms', but not coming from there - it was about nine o'clock in the morning.


                  JOSEPH 
                  INCE
               



            . I am a broker, and live on Great Saffronhill. I bought a duplicate of a lamp of Worms, on the 17th of July, which the officers afterwards took away, but I was not at home - I believe this is it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MURDOCH
               



            . I am in the service of a pawnbroker. I have a lamp, pawned at our shop by a woman, on the 2nd of July.


                  MARY 
                  BAYLE
               



            . I live in Worms' house - his wife is in a bad state of health. I was often called down to go on errands for him; I took one lamp to pawn for him, in Baldwin's-gardens, but I do not know the day of the month- I pawned two at Mr. Nicholls', in Gray's Inn-lane, and one at the corner of Liquorpond-street - they were all in my own name; the one I pawned with Murdoch was in Mr. Worms' name as well; I should not know any of them again.


                  HENRY 
                  LONG
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Nicholls. I have a lamp, and part of another, pawned by Bayle on the 3rd of April and the 24th of March.


                  GEORGE 
                  BUCKLAND
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I have one lamp, pawned on the 22nd of June - it was taken in by a young man, who has now left us.
BURNELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WORMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
