



1113. 




CHARLES TAYLOR
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering-a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Bell, on the 
9th of February, at 
Woolwich, and stealing therein, 6 live tame rabbits, value 16s., the property of 



James Moseley.






CHARLES STEWART WARDEN
. I am a constable of Woolwich. On the 9th of February, about half-past nine o'clock, I received information which led me to the prisoner's lodgings—he was at home—I there saw six rabbits—I asked him if they were his own—he said they were—I asked how long he had had them in his possession—he said from Saturday morning, the day previous—I asked of whom he bought them—he said of a young man named Jones, who worked with Mr. Barrett, a baker, at Charlton—(I have made inquiry, but find no such person)—I took him to the station-house—when we got near there he sprang away saying, "Here goes," or "Here's for it"—I followed and caught him—he resisted very much—it took three of us to bring him to the watch-house—I found hairs of rabbits, and feathers of fowls his pocket, and spots of blood on his shoes.

Prisoner. When he came to my room he said, "I have suspicions you have been stealing a copper and something else." Witness. I went there about a copper which had been stolen the previous night, and found the rabbits there.

Prisoner. I wanted him to go for the man I purchased the rabbits of, but he would not—when we got near the cage I said, "Well, I will go myself"—I had scarcely turned round when they took hold of me, and took me into the cage, and said, "This proves your guilt"—I said, "What?"—they said "Running away"—it does not stand feasible I should run away from three constables. Witness. I suffered him to walk by my side to the station-house—he requested me to let him go and see this person—I said I could not allow it, but said I would go myself if he would tell me where—he then sprang away, and ran forty or fifty yards before we took him, and made a very desperate resistance indeed.






JAMES MOSELEY
. I am a boot-maker, and lodge in Church-hill, Woolwich, in the house of Joseph Bell. I had a doe and five young ones, which I saw safe about half-past ten o'clock on Friday night, and missed them about half-past seven next morning—I saw them again the next day—this is the doe—(looking at it)—there is a brown mark on the back of the neck, which I know it by—they were kept in a hutch in the wash-house in the back yard, which is within the fence of the house—I had fastened the wash-house with a padlock when I went to bed—next morning I found the window of the wash-house had been broken nearly all to pieces, and the padlock prised—there were spots of blood on the window, the window ledge, the wall, and on the ashes beneath the window—there were footmarks under the window, such as would be made by a person without a shoe, or with an old shoe without a heel.





JOSEPH BELL
. I am a carpenter in the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich, Moseley lodges in my house—he called my attention to the state of the wash-house on Saturday morning, the 9th of February—I know he kept his rabbits there—I had seen the prisoner about from time to time.





JAMES CARLEY
. I am a sawyer, and live in Church-street, Woolwich I know this doe rabbit well—I bred it, and kept it two years—I gave it to Moseley, who is my son-in-law, last Christmas.





WILLIAM THOMAS CHITTENDEN
. I am an officer of Woolwich. I took charge of the doe and rabbits which we found at the prisoner's house—I examined the footmarks on the ashes—they appeared to be the same as the prisoner's shoes, but they had been disturbed, so that I could not compare them—there is very little heel on one of the shoes.





JOHN STOCKDEN
. I am a tailor. The prisoner lodged in a room in my house five or six months—the rabbits were found in his room.

Prisoner's Defence. I purchased them of a young man in a public-house the previous night, for 3s. 9d.




GUILTY
. † Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
