





601. 




WILLIAM THURLING
 and 




JOHN THURLING
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of January, 831bs. weight of tea, value 16l.; and one tea-chest, value 2s.; the goods of 



John Hill: and 




MARY ANN BUGG



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN HILL
. I am a carman. On Wednesday the 11th of January, I had two chests of tea from the warehouse in Jewry-street; one was directed to Mr. Wright of Windsor, the other to the Dean of Windsor—I saw them at my stables in Goodman's-yard in the Minories, about two o'clock—the prisoner John Thurling was there—I had occasion to leave the yard, and asked him, in case he went away, to lock the stable-door, which he promised he would—I returned between four and five o'clock and saw John Thurling there—I asked him if any one had had one of the chests away, as I missed one—he said, "No," but that he had been away half an hour, and that Mrs. Davis at the public-house could prove it, and he had left the door open—I then observed the remaining chest of tea—there was the King's number on it "1779"—this tea was brought by the Abercrombie, Robertson—I made a communication to Lee the officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where did you get it from? A. A man brought it from the warehouse—it was intrusted to me by Mr. Clare the tea broker, to remove it from the yard, and forward it to the Dean of Windsor—I saw the chests in the stable—they were left there till my man came to take them away to the wagon-office—when I returned I saw John Thurling sweeping the yard.





WILLIAM CLARE
. I am a tea agent. These chests were mine—on Wednesday the 11th, I gave Hill the order to fetch them—I have seen some tea since produced at the Lambeth-street office, and have compared it with the samples that we had of the tea.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you make the purchase? A. At the commercial sale-rooms—many other agents might have purchased some of the same stock of tea.





THOMAS BERRY
. I am delivery foreman at the West India Docks, On Wednesday, the 11th of January, I delivered two chests of tea, Nos. 1779 and 1780, to Press's cart—that is, a cart with that name on it—we

notice the name, because we have to book it—the weight of each of that was 3qrs. 22lbs. and 3qrs. 231bs.—that includes 25lbs. allowed for the tare—I saw a sack of tea at the office—I did not examine it—the chests that were delivered to the cart were marked, Abercrombie, Robertson—the ship's name ought to have been on them, but I would not swear it was—these chests generally weigh about 3qrs. 221bs. or 231bs.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see these weighed? A. I did not.





JOHN STRICKSON
. I am a carter, and live in the Commercial-road. On the 11th of January I went to the warehouse and received these two chests for Mr. Hill—I took them to Mr. Hill's stable—I put them down one on another—I got them in Press's cart—I saw William Thurling there—I said I was going away, and if in case he should go, to lock the door, which he said he would—he is ostler there, and had one key always in his possession, and Mr. Hill had one belonging to him—they are the only two Keys.





THOMAS MANCHESTER
. I am a carman to Mr. Hill. I went to his stable on Wednesday, the 11th of January, and saw two chests of tea, marked 1779 and 1780, about two o'clock, as near as I can guest—was there with Mr. Hill, and went away with him—I afterwards returned to the stable, and found No. 1780 was gone, and No. 1779 remained—there is generally the ship's name on the other end, but we do not take notice of that.





WILLIAM GADDES
. I live in Edmund-place, Nelson-street, Bennondsey, and am a carman in the employ of Mr. Castle. I know the prisoners, William and John Thurling—I do not know Bugg, but she resides in Sugar-loaf-court, Swan-street—I was watching there, and saw William and John Thurling come out of Mrs. Bugg's, about half-past ten o'clock, on the night of Wednesday, the 11th—William was carrying a sack, and John was following, carrying his hat—I made a communication to Lee, the officer, and he came with me to them—I did not lose sight of either of them before that.





WILLIAM COLES
. I am a carman. On the 11th of January I was unloading a load of guns at Mr. Cox's factory, in Goodman's-yard, which it near Mr. Hill's stables—in the latter part of the afternoon I saw John Thurling go out with a sack, but what its contents were I cannot say—saw William Thurling standing there without his jacket, by the side of one of my horses—I knew him—I said, "What is going on there?" or some words to that effect—he made no answer—I said what a foolish man he was to stand there without his jacket—he said he would take my advice, and go and put it on—he went up the gateway, towards the stable, and I saw no more of him.

Cross-examined. Q. How soon did you communicate what you saw? A. The next morning—I was coming by with my horses, and went into the police-office to see whether I was wanted—I did not ask any officer in was wanted—I had been drinking with these two men, and I communicated what I saw the next morning to Manchester, in Alie-street—I could not see the stable—I was outside the gateway.





JAMES LEE
. I am an officer. I had an application made to me about six o'clock on Wednesday, the 11th, and I gave Mr. Hill some directions what he should do—in consequence of this, a watch was set upon the house where the female prisoner lived, it is in Sugar-loaf-court, about three minutes' walk from the stable—I went there the same evening, between eight and nine o'clock—I found Mr. Gaddes, and I staid there about an

hour—I first saw William Thurling come out of Mrs. Bugg's house—he was gone a few minutes, and returned with a large French dog, he went again into the house, and the dog with him—shortly after this, Mrs. Bugg came out and called "George" Several times—no one answered or appeared—William Thurling then came out of the house, and he and Mrs. Bugg both stood at the end of the court—he had no hat on—he staid there about a minute or so, and then went into the house again—shortly after, I went into a public-house in the neighbourhood—Gaddes and Hill came to me there—I left Gaddes to take my place, to watch—about half-past ten o'clock he came and told me something—in consequence of that I went out, and saw William and John Thurling turn the end of Swan-street into Mansell-street—Gaddes pointed them out—I followed, and overtook them—William Thurling was carrying a sack, and John had a hat in his hand, which I suppose was William's, as William was without a hat—they were in company—as they were walking along, I asked William Thurling what he had got in the sack—he said he did not choose to tell me, what was that to me?—I said I was an officer of Lambeth-street, and I should insist upon knowing what he had got—I went on till we got to the Green Man public-house, and there I took him in, with a little difficulty—he resisted, but I got him in—a City policeman came up and took John—they were both taken into the house—I asked him again in the house what the sack contained, and he said, "Corn"—I then took them to the station-kotue—I asked John Thurling what he had to say about it—he said he had nothing to say; he knew nothing about his brother's affairs—the next morning, about eight o'clock, I went to Mrs. Bugg's, and asked her what had become of the chest of tea that had been brought into her house last night—she said she had seen no tea; no tea had been brought there—I told her a chest of tea had been stolen, and I had received information that it had been brought into her house—she still denied it—I said I was an officer, and should search her house—she said, "Very well"—I went down into a dark cellar leading out of the room where she was sitting, and found there some hoops of a tea-chest, and some pieces of wood were by the tide of the fire; and these pieces of melted tea-lead, as they appear to be, were discovered by Mr. Hill down the privy—there was a fire-place in the cellar, and it was by the side of that that these bits of hoops and wood were found, and this piece of tea-paper, which appears like the paper which is outside a tea-chest—the privy was in the cellar—these papers appear have to been torn off—there appears on this piece of paper, "Abercrombie" in short, and an "O"—I asked Bugg how these things came there—she said she could not account for them; she knew nothing about them—it appeared that there had recently been a fire in that fireplace—I then told her I had found the tea I was in search of, and two people were in custody for it—I did not mention their names—I asked if she knew William Thurling—she said she did—I asked her when she saw him last—she said, "Last night"—I asked who was with him—she said, "His brother John"—I went up stairs into a bed-room—there is only one room on a floor, and the parlour is the only sitting-room in the house—the other two are bed-rooms—I was in the first-floor bed-room, which I believe is her room—I there saw this coat in the room, on the floor—I asked her who it belonged to—she said, to William Thurling—I then searched in the parlour, and found two caddies quite full of black tea—this is the tea—she then said, "Here is another canister of tea"—I looked at that, and found it was mixed green and black—I did not take—I

bare weighed this tea—it is 1lb. 60zs.—I found the lack contained 82 1/4 lbs. with the sack, which weighs about 2lbs.—this is it—there were four nails in the parlour window—Mr. Hill took them up, and said they were tea nails—they were bright, not rusty—I then took her into custody—when I took the two men, the French dog was following them, and he went with us to the station-house—Mr. Hill claimed the dog.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not Bugg rather facilitate your search? A. She threw no impediment in the way—there is a flap outside leading into the cellar—I am not aware whether there are any steps.





JAMES BEESTON
. I am clerk to the West India Dock Company. On the 28th of October last I took the number of the chests in the warehouse—there was one 1780—I saw that weighed—the gross weight was 3qrs 23lbs.—that will be 1071bs.—24lbs. tare would be taken off—that would leave 831bs. net.





WILLIAM CLARE

re-examined. Q. Look at this mark on the papers? A. We paid duty to the customs on these chests as bearing those marks—this would have been the word Congo if it were in full, and the mark agrees with it—this black tea in the sack and papers, is of the same de scription, but the leaf of this in the sack has been broken—in my judgment they are the same—they both correspond with our sample.

MR. DOANE. Q. You had not noticed the mark on that particular chest? A. No, but we paid duty on one bearing that mark.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Ought the chest that is lost to have contained marks similar to those? A. It should have done so.

WILLIAM THURLING.—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.

JOHN THURLING.—


GUILTY
. Aged 41. 



Transported for Seven years.

BUGG.—


NOT GUILTY
.
