





1569. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WAKEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June
, 15 lbs. weight of pork, value 8s.; one canvas bag, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 12 half-crowns, 20 shillings, and 4 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Elkington
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ELKINGTON
               



            . On the 10th of June, between five and six o'clock in the morning, I was in Bishopsgate-street


, going towards London-bridge; I had a parcel on my shoulder, containing a leg of pork, which weighed 15lbs., and cash to the amount of 3l. 12s.: it had been sent up to me from Colchester, for goods which I had sent down the week before - I had not opened the parcel, nor seen what was in it; the prisoner snatched it from my shoulder, and ran up a turning - I followed him, and did not lose sight of him more than five or six seconds, and when I saw him again; he was in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe you had been spending the evening out? A. Yes, but I was perfectly sober; I received the parcel at the Blue Boar, at Aldgate, about half-past nine or ten o'clock at night - I then went to a man near Hoxton, with whom I had some business; I live in Chatham-place, Walworth - I had not left my friend more than a minute, as he had gone with me: I had not been to sleep that night - I had business to transact, and I had been having a little rational discourse; I have a wife and children - I did not tell my wife the time I should return; I was not intoxicated: I did not see the prisoner before he took the parcel.


                  THOMAS 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. On the 10th of June, at a quarter before six o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in Long-alley, walking very fast, out of breath - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and he turned down Moore's-gardens - I pursued, and said I wanted him; he said,"What for?" I brought him back into Long-alley, with this parcel, which he had with him - the prosecutor was there, and said, "That is my parcel:" in the scuffle, the prisoner tore off the direction - the prosecutor said, "The direction is Elkington;" I took a part of it out of the prisoner's hand, and with that and the other part which was picked up, I can make out that name: the prisoner said a man was to give him 1s. to take it to Moore's-gardens - I opened the parcel and found the pork in it, with the money stated, and a note to send down again in a month's time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
