





1260. 
               
                  
                     OLYMPIA 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July
, 2 half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Mousley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOUSLEY
               



            . I live in Brewhouse-lane, High-street, Hampstead


. On the night of the 7th of July I was on the road between High-street and the George, and I saw the prisoner; she came up to me, and asked if I wanted anything, I said I did not; she then walked away, and I went lower down, as I was waiting for a fly returning from town - the prisoner overtook me, and again asked me if I wanted anything, I said no - she then struck me a blow in the **** and forced her hand into my right hand breeches pocket, where I had four half-crowns, and she took two out - it was then between eleven and twelve o'clock on the Saturday night - I charged her with the theft, and told her she had better deliver it up - I followed her nearly a quarter of a mile till I met a policeman, I called him over from the other side - the prisoner then threw the money down, I heard it fall, and told the policeman - he came with his light, and picked up one half-crown in my presence.
Prisoner. I solemnly declare to God he gave me a shilling to go to the George public-house and get a quartern of gin. Witness. No, I did not; I had no shilling in my possession - she did not go into any house in my presence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WICKS
               



             (police-constable S 49.) I was on duty in Hampstead-road, I saw the prosecutor and prisoner coming towards me; he said to me "I will give her in charge to you, she has picked my pocket of two half-crowns, and has thrown them into the ditch" - I turned on my light, and found one of them, but I could not find theother - I took the prisoner to the station-house, and then returned, and after some time I found the other half-crown - she told me that he had given her a shilling to get some gin, and that she had the eightpence halfpenny change in her pocket, which she had.
Prisoner's Defence (written.) I met the prosecutor late on the evening mentioned, when I was coming from my work; he asked me where I was going in such haste, I told him home; he asked me to stop and have something to drink, I did not refuse as I knew the man well; he then gave me one shilling to fetch out anything I liked best, I brought out one quartern of gin, and I offered the change to the prosecutor, which he refused taking, and he told me to put it in my pocket; after that he said he would take a walk with me, and then he proposed sitting down to rest: we had not been together more than half an hour, when the prosecutor wanted to take more liberties than welcome, and we had a great scuffle; then he saw the policeman coming, and he asked me to come back, and he said if I did not he would give me in charge; I ran towards the policeman, and he followed me, and told the policeman I had taken five shillings from him; and when we were going towards the station-house, he told the policeman where the money was, and on looking down on the bank where we had been sitting he found one half-crown. I declare solemnly I am innocent of what the prosecutor states, but I did not give it a thought at that fatal moment what the prosecutor's intention was towards me; I forgot the promise he made me one evening a few weeks before this occurrence, he promised me as soon as he had an opportunity he would make me remember him as long as I lived.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOUSLEY
               



             re-examined. I had never seen her in my life before - I am a labouring man - I have lived in Hampstead ever since I was six years old - I am married, and have two children - I was then waiting for Mr. Pool's horse and fly coming from the coach-maker, as he wanted it to go to chapel on Sunday morning - I locked up his premises about half-past eleven o'clock, and met the prisoner not fifty yards off.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
