





1835. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of September
, 1 hat, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Herapath
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Elias 
                     Sylvester
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAY
               



            . I am apprentice to Samuel Herapath and 
               
                  Elias 
                  Sylvester
               



            , hatter

s, Tothill-street, Westminster


. On the 24th of September, about twenty-five minutes past ten o'clock, I had four hats hanging at the door - I left a boy in the shop, who went to sleep; a witness gave an alarm, I ran out, and pursued the prisoner, who was secured by a Policeman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCARDFIELD
               



            . I saw the prisoner take a hat from the door, put it on his head, and run off; he had no hat of his own - I gave an alarm, and am sure he is the man.


                  DANIEL 
                  RIERDON
               



            . I am an officer. I stopped the prisoner in Broadway soon after this happened, and took the hat off his head.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing at the corner of Broadway - a young man, whom I frequently drank with, came up intoxicated; I was looking at a quarrel in the street - he pulled this hat off his head, took a cap out of it, and began swearing; I said, "What is the matter?" he said, "I have bought a hat, and wish I had not bought it, for I want the money more;" I bought it of him for 5s. 6d., and had not had it on five minutes before I was taken. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
