





1063. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHENMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, 1 crucible, value 1d., and 2oz. of silver-wire, value 13s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wellby
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



            . I am an officer. On the 7th of May, I saw the prisoner at the corner of Windmill-street, talking to two prostitutes - he had something bulky in his pocket; when he saw me he walked briskly away - I followed him to Golden-square, and asked what he had in his pocket - he said what was that to me; I said I had a reason for wanting to know, and if he would satisfy me he might go about his business - he would not, and I took him; I found this crucible, and silver in it, on him - he said it was his master's, and he was going to take it to a refiner's to be melted; I took him to his master, who said to him, "How could you serve me so?" he burst into tears, and said it was his first offence.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not you take his watch? A. Yes, and I kept it two or three days by the Magistrate's order - I did inquire the value of it, and went to see for an owner for it; his master said it belonged to the prisoner - he gave me his master's name and address.


                  JOHN 
                  WELLBY
               



            . The prisoner worked for me as journeyman
 for three years, and earned 17s. or 1l. a week - I believe this to be my property, but it is a very difficult thing to speak positively to; he said it was his first offence, and he hoped I would forgive him - he alloded to a deficiency of silver; I had some hundreds of crucibles like this.
Cross-examined. Q. Had he not a good character? A. Yes - I apprehend he did not refer to this silver, but to some that had been missed before; he generally works in the back shop - it is usual to take silver from the back shop and deposit it in the front - the prisoner might have forgotten this; what he said about its being his first offence did not allude to this.
COURT. Q. Did you miss any silver before this? A. Yes, I think three months ago; when the officer brought him and the silver to my shop he said he was very sorry, and I supposed that what he said about a first offence, alluded to an event that happened before; I cannot account for his speaking of a former event, and giving no answer to what was produced - this signature to the deposition is mine, and I swore to it. (read.)
"The silver now produced, weighing about 3ozs., is I believe, my property, and is worth 14s.; when the prisoner was brought to my house this afternoon in custody, he said he was very sorry, and that it was his first offence, and he meant to restore the silver which had been recently missing.
COURT. Q. Did you state this? A. Yes - I think it must have referred to the present case, but I did not recall it to my mind.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged. 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
