



708. 




MARY MAHONY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of January at 
St. Marylebone, three £10 Bank Notes, the property of Jane Dividson, in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Smart.






JANE DAVIDSON
. I am single and lire at No. 4, James-street, Oxford-street. On the 9th of January between two and three o'clock, I received from Thomas Roberts, in Marshall-street, Carnaby-market, three £10 notes and seventeen sovereigns—it was money that bad been left to me by my mother—I then went and called on Mrs. Coin in James-street—I told her I had received tome money—she had occasion to go out, and I staid at home while she went, by her desire—the prisoner came in while Mrs. Coin was absent—and I asked her if she would take any thing to drink—she said, "No—I am glad to see you have got your money"—I said, "Yes" and told her what I had—she said she should not know a Bank note from a piece of paper if she saw it—(I had told her before about my money)—I took my money out, and gave the notes into her hand—she returned them to me again—I folded them one in the other, and laid them on the table—I then began showing her some silver spoons, and other articles which I had had left me—I showed her all I had—I never saw the notes afterwards—the sovereigns were safe in my pocket—I had not pulled them out—I did not know that I had not put the notes into my pocket, till I got hoem—Thomas Smart is Mrs. Coin's landlord—she lodges there—it is in the parish of st. Marylebone—when I got home, I felt for my money, and it was gone—I went back to Mrs. Coin's, and saw the prisoner—I asked her if she had seen the

notes—she denied knowing any thing of them, and helped me to search—but I found nothing there—she came back with me, and searched my room also—but I could not find them.





THOMAS ROBERTS
. I paid the prosecutrix 47l. 15s. 4d., there were three £10 notes, seventeen sovereigns and 15s. 4d.—I had received it at Lad-brake's for a cheque of 63l. 1s. 10d., there were four £10 notes among it—I kept the fourth note.





JOHN ALSAGER
. I am a clerk at Ladbroke's. I paid Roberts for a cheque 63l. 1s. 10d., there were four £10 notes—Mr. Lane took an account of the numbers of the notes.





FESDERICK LANE
. I am a clerk at Ladborke's. I took an account of the four £10. notes paid to Roberts—they were number 3037, dated 29th of November 1836—number 2682, same date—numbers 12663, and 18794, dated the 25th of November 1836.





JAMES HALL
. I am servant to William Barry of the King's Arms, Titchfield-street. On the 16th of January Ann Joy came to me for two bottles of spirits which she had—and tendered a £10 note—I gave it to Miss Barry—she took it off the table—I received the change and gave it to Joy—the name and address were put on it by Miss Barry.





MARY ANN BARRY
. Hall gave me the £10 note. I asked the person (who I understand to be Joy) for the address—she gate me, "Mrs. Mitchell, No. 9, Manchester-square"—I put that address on it—and should know the note again—this is it—(looking at one.)





GEORGE AVIS
. I am an officer. I got this note from the Bank of England.





ANN JOY
. I have come here in custody from Tothill-fields, Bridewell. On the 16th of January, I saw the prisoner in Bury'a-court, Oxford-street, the laid she was going to the play, and asked me if I would go with her—I said, "Yes"—she desired me to go into the King's Arms, and get change for a £10 note, and to get a bottle of gin, and a bottle of rum—she gave me the note, and I took it in to Miss Barry's and got change—they asked me what name, and I said, "Mrs. Mitchell, No. 9, Manhester-square"—I did not know what name to give, so I gave that name—I know a person named Mitchell, but I do not know whether she lives there—I got the change, and gave it to the prisoner when I came out—we went to the play together, and went and slept at a house in Henrietta-street, where I had been at work that day, as it was too late to go home—she did not say any thing to me about any other £10 notes—I went to a shop with her on the Friday following, and she bought two gown pieces for 10s. each—she paid for them in gold—she also bought two cloaks and two shawls, which she paid for with a £10 note—she gave me one of the cloaks.

Prisoner. She changed the notes herself, and bought the clothes herself—she had all equally with me. Witness. I only changed one note.

Prisoner's Defence (written). I lived at service at No. 51, James-street, at Mrs. Coin's—on Tuesday, when I was cleaning up the place, I found three pieces of paper, and not being able to read or write I did not know what they were—I never wear a pocket, so I put them into my bosom, intending to give them to my mistress when she came home—about four o'clock in the afternoon Ann Joy came to me; she was in the habit of coming to help me do my work—one of these pieces of paper was sticking out of my bosom—she said to me, "What is that sticking out of your frock?"—I took them out and showed her what I had found—when she saw them, she said, "O my God, Mary, why it is three ten-pound notes"—I said, "Then

I dare say they were Mrs. Barker's, for she had a great deal of money last night when she was down here"—Joy said, "Let us keep them"—I said I was afraid—she said I was a d—fool, it would never he found out and he would get them changed when she went to market the next morning for sprats; but instead of her going to market she went and bought two cloaks and five silk handkerchiefs, two shawls, two pairs of gold earrings, two gown-pieces, and four pairs of boots, two caps, some prints, and brown Holland and white linen, but I cannot say how much it was, also two bonnets, a bottle of gin, and one of rum—we were going to the play that night—I was not with her at the time that she changed the notes and bought the things—she told me she had spent the two notes, and gave me 1s. and told me that was all she had, except 1s. for herself—I asked her what was become of the other note—she said that she was smoothing it out and she tore it, so she did not think it was of any use, and she burnt it—she said that it was the best way—when we were in the van she asked me, if either of us told on the other, whether the one that told would not get of—I said I did not know, I did not understand it.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Life.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

