






1977. 




MARY HAMILTON
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of June, 1 sheet, value 1s. 6d.; and 2 flannel waistcoats, value 2s.; the goods of our 

Lady the Queen.—





THOMAS RIDER
 and 



MARY RIDER
 were indicted for

 feloniously receiving 1 sheet and 1 flannel waistcoat, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—3rd COUNT, stating them to be received from an evil dis posed person;  and 



JAMES RIDER
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving 1 flannel waistcoat, value 1s.; part of the said goods, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—5th COUNT, stating them to be received from an evil disposed person.







THOMAS FLOOD
. I am a sergeant of the 12th Lancers, and was quartered at Hounslow. This property was taken from the hospital of the barracks, and was the property of the Queen—Hamilton was my servant, and had access to this property—I missed it before she left—in consequence of which I gave information to one of the patrol.





ROBERT STEWART
. I am a patrol of Bow-street. In consequence of information I went to the house of Thomas Rider, on the borders of the parish of Heston—I found Mrs. Rider—we searched the house by her liberty, and found the barrack sheet on her bed, which she said she had bought two years ago from one of the 3rd Light Dragoons—we then found one of the flannel jackets, which she said her husband had bought—we asked where she thought we could find her husband—she said she could not tell, but she was willing to go and look for him—we went in the direction of his father's house, and went to James Rider's house and found him—we told him we were looking for his son—he told us his son had been there a quarter of an hour before—we looked round the house, and observed on his back one of the hospital jackets—he said he had bought it of his son, and paid him 1s. 6d. for it—Hamilton lives in the neighbour hood, but I know nothing against her—when I found the property at Thomas Rider's, nothing was said about it, only that they had bought it—they called Mr. Flood on one side, and begged he would look over it, and they burst into tears, and said they would acknowledge every thing if he would look over it.





WILLIAM BASSETT
. I am one of the horse-patrol. I went with Stewart—what he has stated is true—this is the property—the waistcoat found at Thomas Rider's has been bound with blue since it was taken.





THOMAS HOOD

re-examined. This is the property of the barracks, and belongs to the Queen—they were in my custody in June last—Hamilton lived with me then—no person but what actually lived in the hospital had access to it but her—Thomas Rider and his wife acknowledged to me that they had received the property from Mary Hamilton—we lost several other articles of the same description.

HAMILTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.

THOMAS RIDER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.

Recommended to mercy by the Jury.






Transported for Seven Years.


MARY RIDER—


NOT GUILTY
.

JAMES RIDER—


NOT GUILTY
.
