





1527. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     VAUGHAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of September
, 1 coat, value 3l., and 1 handkerchief, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Woodyard
                  




               
            .
RICHARD WOODYARD. I am a tailor
, and live in Drury-lane


. I have seen the prisoner about three times, but I had scarcely spoken to him - he had called at my house twice and I was not at home; on the 11th of September he called again - my son let him in: he came up stairs and said he came from the Green Man, in Covent-garden-market for Morgan's coat, and he was making a fine noise about it - "I said I do not care;" I had made a suit for him and the waistcoat and trousers were gone home, but not the coat: I said, "He will not be out to-day" - the prisoner then said, "I want the coat if you will accommodate me with it;" I said, "I don't care, I can make him another by Sunday" - he said, "What do you want for it?" I said 3l.- he offered me 2l. 15s.; I said I did not want to part with it, but at last he said if I would send a person with him he would give him the money - I gave the coat to my son, and a handkerchief to take it home in; I told him not to part with it without the money - he went out with the prisoner, and returned without coat or money; the prisoner went out that afternoon on horseback, and we took him the next Monday, playing at bagatelle - he said he had sold the coat to a Jew for a sovereign, but would not say where; he said he had received 7s. in part of the sovereign, and was to have the remainder that evening.
Prisoner. Q. Had not I seen you before? A. Yes - I do not know that I drank with you; I did not toss with you - I might say if you would give me a turn I would give you one; I did not give you my direction - after you had the coat you said you wanted a waistcoat and trousers; I said if you did I would order a hat for myself and son.


                  RICHARD 
                  WOODYARD
               



            , JUN. The prisoner came to my father, and asked if he had a coat to dispose of - I said I did not know, but he had one made to order; he asked it I knew the price - I said I did not think it was for sale; he came again when my father was at home, bought it for 3l., and asked him to send me with it to Archer-street, and he would send back three sovereigns; my father said he was to send it back by me - I went with him to James-street, Covent-garden; he went into the King's Head, and came out and asked me to go in - he said he had to wait for a friend; he called for a pint of ale - he then said, "Will you allow me to try the coat on again;" I gave it him - he went into the kitchen; I waited two or three minutes - I then inquired, and the servant said he had gone out at the private door and almost knocked him down; I did not know but that he lodged there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am a constable. About a fortnight before this, I had given orders for a suit to Mr. Woodyard; he brought it home, but the coat did not fit - he took it back and promised to bring it on the Sunday morning; I think the prisoner was waiting in the public-house at the time - this was at the Green Man, on the Thursday, and on the Sunday the prisoner came to me and asked if I had seen the little tailor; I said, No - he said, "I was looking for him, he had a coat to make me" - I said we were both on the same suit, I was waiting for one.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutor had ordered two hats of him, which were to be placed against the coat, and that nothing had passed about his paying ready money for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
