



1165. 




WILLIAM SNELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of March, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 key, value 6d.; 4 sovereigns, 1 crown, 6 half-crowns, 4 shillings, and 1 £ 5 Bank-note; the goods, monies, and property of 




George Greenwood, Esquire, from his person.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





GEORGE GREENWOOD, ESQ
. I am colonel of the 2nd Life Guards. I was at the Opera on the evening of Saturday, the 31st of March—between the opera and the ballet, I quitted the stall where I had been sitting, and went to the passage round die pit—as I was going along I felt some one try my coat pocket—I looked round suddenly and saw the prisoner close to me—he had his hat on—that is not very unusual in the pit at the Opera—I passed on about twenty yards—the prisoner followed me—I then went back, and observed the prisoner still following me—I stopped to speak to Mr. Montague, and while speaking to him I felt my pocket, and my purse was there, but I soon found that it was gone—I turned instantly round and collared the prisoner, and said, "You have picked my pocket"—he was close to me—he said I told a falsity, that I was mistaken—the instant I collared him I saw the purse fall on the floor—it appeared to fall immediately from his hand—I picked it up immediately below his hand—I cannot swear that I saw it in his hand—I held him by the collar, and begged Mr. Montague to fetch a police officer—the moment I desired that, the prisoner volunteered to go out of the pit with me—I left go of his collar upon that, and walked with him to the top of the stairs that go down towards the orchestra—directly we got there the prisoner took to his heels and ran down the stairs, through the door into the passage—I ran after him and retook him, just as we came to where the stall tickets are shown—at the very moment that I seized him behind, I believe, the check-taker stopped him before—I have not the least doubt he is the person I had before—I heard him asked why he had run away—he said he did not wish to be stared at—I had not got hold of him at the time he ran—I delivered my purse to the officer—it contained a £5 note, four sovereigns, and 1l. 4s. in silver.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. What time in the evening was this A. Between ten and eleven o'clock—there were other people there—I believe

the purse fell from his hand, but I did not see it before it was on the ground—myself, my friend, and the prisoner were all standing close together at the moment—the purse was not as near to one foot as the other—I was between Mr. Montague and the prisoner—I do not know that there were people passing—there were people close round—it was in the house that he began to run—it did not create any great disturbance in the Opera—there were people there when he began to run—he was in the act of commencing to go down stairs when he began to run—we had passed through the crowd—there was none in front of us—a gold watch and chain and some sovereigns were found on the prisoner.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. He was very well dressed indeed? A. Yes—he was in the house when I let go of his collar, and many persons had an opportunity of seeing him—I saw twelve sovereigns taken out of a pocket in the waistband of his breeches.

THE HON. SPENCER DUDLEY MONTAGUE. I was in the Opera this night—Colonel Greenwood turned round and collared the prisoner, and picked up his purse close against the prisoner—he turned and said, "What shall we do; will you get a policeman?"—I was going, and the prisoner offered to go to a policeman—there were several persons in the passage, but the purse was nearest the prisoner.





WILLIAM WRAY
 (police-sergeant A 13.) I was on duty at the Opera, on the 31st of March—I saw the prisoner come in at the door from the neighbourhood of Charles-street, with a person who I knew—they parted as they went in—about half-past ten o'clock I received information from one of the check-takers, and saw the prisoner—he had been stopped—I knew him to be the person I had seen go in—I said, "You are the person that I suspect of the two robberies that have been committed"—I had heard of two—I asked him his name and his trade—he said William Snell, a tailor, and he lived in Greville-street, Hatton-garden—I asked if he had any thing about him—he said, "Yes, I have money"—I then searched him, and in a small pocket, like a watch-fob, found 12l. 10s. in gold—I asked him how many sovereigns there were—he said, "I believe 11l.; I am not sure whether there is so much, there may be more"—he had a gold watch and chain, but no seals—he was dressed very respectably—he said to Colonel Greenwood, "You are mistaken"—I said, "If so, why did you run away"—he said, "I did not like to be stared at."

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not tell you he came from Birmingham? A. Not at that time—he did not tell me where he came from—I did not hear him say that his parents lived at Birmingham—he gave his address, "Greville-street, Hatton-garden"—I went there and found a life-preserver, a cloak, and an Opera tie—when I saw him go into the Opera that night, I suspected he was concerned in two robberies, but there was not sufficient proof to justify me in taking him—I had not seen him before that night—he was pointed out to me.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was Ward, his companion, taken into custody? A. Not at that time, as he made his escape—he was taken on the Monday evening following—he was not before the Justice on this charge.

EDWARD GEORGE WHEAL. I am a check-taker. I stopped the prisoner going out of my gate—he was running as fast as he could.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
