





195. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HORNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, 1 cloak, value 16s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Hall
                        




                     
                   and another
            .
THOMAS WOOLCOTT. I am in the service of Richard Hall and another - they are linen-draper
s. The prisoner came to their shop on the 10th of November, and had a cloak on her arm, which I suspected she had stolen from the door; I looked, and missed one - she then put it on a stool; I served her with what she wanted, and she took the cloak and went out - I followed her six or seven yards from the door; I then examined the cloak, and found it was my employer's - I asked her how she got it; she said a woman gave it her to carry - I had never seen her before; this is the cloak.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the prosecutor's shop, which is not five minutes walk from my lodging, to get some silk and some calico to finish my work - I came out and was crossing the road, when I recollected I wanted some black silk; I went back to the shop, and before I got to the window a woman asked me to carry the cloak to No. 12, Eyre-street-hill; I was going that way in a minute; I went into the shop, bought the silk, took up the cloak, and was coming out, not knowing it to be stolen- is it likely I should have gone and stolen the cloak in a public street, then go in, lay it down before the eyes of the shopman, take it up, and come out again with it?


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOLCOTT
               



            . When I took her she said she hoped I would let her go. and it would be a warning to her in future.
Prisoner. I might say so at the time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
