





1593. 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     POLLARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 ribbon, value 1d.; 2 seals, value 10s.; 1 key, value 3d., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Regier
                  




               
             her master.


                  MARY 
                  REGIER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Regier
               



            . The prisoner came into our service on Friday, the 19th of July, and on the Tuesday following I suspected her; this watch hung on the waistcoat in my bed-room on the first floor: it was safe twenty minutes before it was missed; a man, his wife, and two children lodge on my second floor - they still remain there; on missing the watch I went up to the second floor, to consult the lodger, and while I was up there the prisoner went away, withoutany warning, leaving her dinner - I charged her at Guildhall with stealing a handkerchief, which I missed the first day she came; she told the lodger and me we should find the watch on Mutton-hill - I found it on Snow-hill.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am an officer. I had her given into my custody - I have a handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWNING
               



            . I manage the business of Mr. Baxter, a pawnbroker, on Snow-hill, This watch was taken in pledge by a young man who has left; I have the counterpart of the duplicate - it was pawned for 26s., in the name of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Clark
               



            ; the prosecutrix came to our shop and claimed it; she had told the prisoner if she knew where it was she would forgive her.
MRS. REGIER. I could not find the watch on Muttonhill, but at last found it on Snow-hill; this handkerchief was taken from my house - I have had it several years; I did not say if she told where the watch was I would show her lenity - she said her sister would take it out of pawn for me; she made the confession to my lodger - I overheard it; I waited till last week for her sister to redeem it, but she did not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
