




389. 




JAMES WYATT
 and 




WILLIAM WARRENER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of December, 2 planks, value 16s., the goods of 



John Britten Glenn.






WILLIAM MILLICHAP
. I am a policeman. On the 26th of December at half-past ten o'clock at night, I went out of my house, in Holloway place, and went down the Liverpool-road—I saw the two prisoners, who I have known some time, carrying a large deal plank from an unfinished house in Liverpool-terrace—I took Wyatt, and Warrener ran away—I be lieve they lodged together—I took the plank to the station-house with assistance.

Wyatt. Q. Did not you say at the station-house that I had the plank on my shoulder? A. One end of it—the plank was three yards out of the

house when I went back—it was on both their shoulders—the plank is fourteen or fifteen feet long—I did not see them together before they go it.





WILLIAM PALMER
. I live in Pocock's-fields, Islington. Wyatt rents a house in those fields, which I gather the rent of—Mr. Glenn went to search the house Wyatt lives at.

Wyatt. Q. How far is it from my back door to where they found the other plank? Q. About a foot on the other side of the ditch—I did not see it found, but I saw where it lay—there is the mark of it now—it was at the back of a garden, about thirty feet from where Wyatt lived—rener'lodged with him.





JOHN BRITTEN GLENN
. I have seen two planks which the policeman haft—-they are my property, and were in an unfinished house, in Liverpool—I terrace—we have used them all the summer—this is the one the policeman saw them with—I can swear to it, by a mark along the front, and again at the end—I was with the policeman when the other plank was found, about six yards from Wyatt's cottage.

Wyatt. Q. Did you take possession of my house, and turn my wife out? A. She was not at home—I got in at the door—it was on Tuesday, the day after you were taken—I did not see any thing of a plank in the garden—there was a little thaw on Wednesday, and then we saw it, it was covered with snow before.

Warmer. He said he could almost swear I was with him—I said I would swear I was not—he never offered to take me that night, but took me in the morning.





WILLIAM MILLICHAP

re-examined. If I had tried to take the two, I should have lost both—they were coming out of the house—Wyatt was I nearest to me, and I took him.

Wyatt's Defence. I had been out on boxing-day with some friends drinking, and came home about half-past ten o'clock; this man was about forty yards before me—there were a parcel of mortarheaps opposite the boose, and this plank laid there—I kicked against the mortar-heap, and was knocking the snow off my feet—the policeman came up and said "Halloo, what are you here at?"—1 said, "I fell down, and am knocking the snow off my knee"—two young men came by while he was holding me by the collar, and said, "What is the matter"—it was a clear moonlight night, and is it likely I should go to take this plank with a policeman close to me—it is nothing but spite against me—last good Friday I was singing, and the policemen broke into my house—I was taken to Hatton-garden and discharged next day, and they were severely reprimanded—since that they have been inveterate against me.

WYATT—


GUILTY
.—Aged 34.

WARRNER—


GUILTY
.—Aged 31.




Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

