






2314. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SAUNDERSON
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September

, 1 box, value 1s.; 1 pair of scales, value 8s. 6d.; 13 weights, value 1s., and 3 books, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hodgkinson
                        



                     
                   and others, his masters
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  CREED HENLEY
               



            , JUN. I am principal warehouseman to John Hodgkinson and others, wholesale druggist
s, Thames-street



. The prisoner was in their confidential employ, and superintended the wet department
, where oils,&c. are kept; he had been with us five or six months; in consequence of something I heard I went to the prisoner's lodging, and found a man about to remove a box; Mrs. Bauting, the landlady, produced this letter to me (looking at it); I have often seen the prisoner write, and believe it to he his hand-writing - we took the box to the Computer, - it was opened, and in it was found a parcel of clothes, and several metal spoons; and in another box we found a box of scales and thirteen weights, three recipe books, in manuscript, and some macassar oil - I swear positively to the weights, scales, and books; he had no business with them- I found other things, which I have no doubt are ours- Letter read -
TO 
               
                  SARAH 
                  FOOM
               



            . 3, Queen-square, Bartholomew-close.
You will please to remove all my trunks, and things out of the drawers, immediately, to your brothers, or somewhere else, as I expect they may come to search them; keep it as secret as possible. W. S.
If they question you, say I have sent them into the country - keep my clothes back in one trunk.


                  MARY 
                  BAUTING
               



            . I live at No. 3, Queen-square, Bartholomew-close. The prisoner has lodged there four or five years; I received the note produced from him, and opened it, my sister not being at home; the boxes taken away were his; he had brought them to the apartment; he left three weeks ago last Sunday; he had not quitted the apartment.


                  THOMAS 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Henley to the prisoner's lodging, and brought one trunk away, and one from another house; I asked the prisoner for the keys - he did not give them to me; I broke the boxes open, and found these things and a quantity of other things in a box which I got from Mrs. Foom's, in Hare-court, Aldersgate-street - the prisoner said he had sent the keys to Mrs. Bauting, but she said she had not had them.
Prisoner's Defence. I merely took the books home to copy some recipes, intending to return them - I took theweights and scales, intending to make some calomel and rhubarb pills - but not having time to do it, I put them into my box.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
2315. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SAUNDERSON
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September

, six spoons, value 24s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Delamore
                  





               
            .
BENJAMIN DELAMORE. I am the brother of Henry Delamore, who keeps a chop-house, in Wine-office-court



. The prisoner frequented the house; these spoons were all lost within five or six months previous to the 1st of October; after the prisoner was apprehended I saw six in the possession of Herdsfield; (looking at them) - these are all my brothers - I attend to the customers; my brother is confined by illness.


                  THOMAS 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a City officer. After the prisoner was apprehended I went to his lodgings and found these spoons, among others, in a box, which I took to the Compter; it was not the box which Mr. Hodgkinson's property was in; Foom saw the box.


                  CHARLES 
                  FOOM
               



            . I never saw the prisoner, but at Mrs. Bauting's request I removed a box from her house - Herdsfield came that evening, and I gave it to him; he took it away - I live in Hare-court, Aldermanbury.
MARY BAUTING. I sent one box to Foom's, on receipt of the note; I saw the same box afterwards.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
