



794. 




ANTHONY CHURCHILL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of February, 1 breast-pin, value 4s., the goods of 



Robert Archibald Williams, from his person.






ROBERT ARCHIBALD WILLIAMS
. I live in Thomas-street, Southwark. About four or five o'clock in the morning of the 21st of February I went into the Crown and Thistle public-house, in the Hay market—I leaned upon the bar with one arm, and went to sleep—I had a pin in my breast at that time—when I awoke it was gone—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You know nothing of how you lost it? A. Nothing whatever—I am studying for the medical profession—have been in London upwards of two years—I was out with some friends that night—I was very much fatigued from being up, but I was not tipsy—I had taken too freely—I was sober; I will swear it—there were a good many persons there—I remained there about a quarter of an hour—I think it was about half-past four o'clock when I went in—I went before a Justice for this—he fined me for getting tipsy—I believe I was sober, and said so there—I drank by myself, not with the prisoner—I did not toss with the prisoner, or any body—there was a crowd of people, and there was pushing about—they did not push me about—I do not recollect finding my way on the ground—I could not have been to, and forgotten it—when I awoke the pin was gone.





WILLIAM CARNER
. My father keeps the Crown and Thistle—it is an early house. We generally open a little after four o'clock—the prosecutor

came there on the 21st, a little before five o'clock—he appeared sleepy—when he had been in some time, he came and leaned on the counter, and appeared drowsy—I attempted to arouse him up—I saw a pin in his breast—the prisoner came up, and patted him on the breast, and attempted to arouse him, he said, "Come, old fellow, rouse up"—he made two or three attempts to get the pin out of his breast, and as soon as he succeeded, I took his arm, and took it from him—I gave it to the policeman—there were three policemen in the bar at that time, and one took him.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there many persons there? A. The protecutor came in first—there might have been many—there was a scuffle to take the prisoner—there was a bit of a disturbance before—there was no tossing—the prosecutor was not on the ground at any time—he waa standing—he was not in the act of falling when this pin was taken—he had a good support—he was against the bar, and an iron railing by him—I saw the prisoner attempt to take it out two or three times before he succeeded—I kept my eye on him, because the policeman had given him a bad character—I did not state about his attempts before the Justice—I was not asked, and did not think it material.





WILLIAM BARTON
 (police-constable C 51.) I was at the house—Mr. Williams was leaning on the bar, partly a sleep—the prisoner put his hand on his shoulder, and attempted to arouse him up—he then put his hand into hit breast, and drew his pin out—I saw him take it, and conceal it in his hand—I took hold of him—he Attempted to escape, and M'Kenzie came up.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you been there? A. About a quarter of an hour—I was not on duty—I was in uniform.





WILLIAM M'KENZIE
 (police-constable C 182.) I assisted in taking the prisoner, and have the pin.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
