





1349. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of July
, 1 pair of trousers, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bradley
                  




               
            .

THOMAS DAVIES. I am shopman to Mr. William Bradley - he lives on Holborn-hill


. On the 3rd of July the prisoner came to the shop, and asked what quantity of drill it would take to make a pair of trousers; I said two yards and a half - I took him some down, and while I was putting away some, he took a pair of trousers off a line, and ran out with them; he dropped them at his feet, when he got as far as a tailor's shop in Union-court; I am sure he is the same person; when he got out he asked if I could find any thing on him - I said No; but the trousers were at his feet, and I took them up; it was half-past nine o'clock at night - he was stopped in the City.
JOHN NEWTON. I am an officer. I heard Stop thief! and ran - I got to the tailor's-shop where the prisoner was stopped; the witness had the trousers in his hand, and said the prisoner had dropped them.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Union-court; I had been buying two pieces of cloth, and just as I was going to the tailor's-shop a person passed me, and threw these trousers at my feet; I was standing to see them - the gentleman came, and said I was the person: I was then taken to the watch-house - I showed him the two pieces of cloth which I had got to mend my trousers; I asked him,"Have I any trousers?" not knowing what they were, though they laid at my feet - he must have lost sight of me - I had been drinking at a skittle-ground, and tore my trousers.
JOHN NEWTON. He had two pieces of cloth, which he said he had been to get, to have his trousers mended, at that shop.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
