



412. 




WILLIAM CLOFFS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of December, 1 watch-key, value 3s., the goods of Richard Flash; 1 sovereign, 2 half-sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 9 shillings, and 3 sixpences; the monies of 



Abraham Cohen; 1 pair of spectacles, value 7s.; 1 pen-knife, value 8d.; 1 bag, value 2d.; and 4s. in copper money; the goods and monies of 



William Lucas.






RICHARD FLACK
. I keep the Brown Bear, in Leman-street, Goodman's-fields. The prisoner lodged in my house for three months—I told him to leave, for he had no money—he had left me about a fortnight—my waiter missed this property on the 28th of December—I did not miss my watch-key till the prisoner was searched at the station-house—I know it to be mine—it must have been taken out of the table drawer in my bed-room.





ABRAHAM COHEN
. I am waiter at this house. I lost a sovereign, two half-sovereigns, one half-crown, 9 shillings, and three sixpences, from my

bed-room—I went to bed about two o'clock in the morning, on the 28th of December—I left the money in my trowsers pocket, which I put under my pillow—the prisoner had been there that evening—I awoke about seven o'clock in the morning—I did not miss the money till I came down stairs, about eight o'clock—my suspicion fell on him—I had seen him about twelve o'clock, but I did not see him go out—he asked me to lend him 1 1/2 d., and said he was in want of a bit of bread.





WILLIAM FISHER
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Silver-street, Goodman's-fields. The prisoner worked for me, and left me about eight weeks ago—he came to me the same week, and asked if I had work for him—I said I had—after he had been taken, I found a knife and piece of comb on the stairs—I gave them to the officer.





WILLIAM LUCAS
. I lodge at the public-house. I slept in the garret—I lost a pair of spectacles, a pen-knife, a bag, and 4s. in copper, out of my pocket, in my room—my breeches had been on the chair—I got up about nine o'clock—it was then gone—I have seen the bag—it belonged to Mr. Bedford.





JOHN PEARCE
. I live with Mr. Dodds, at the White Hart, Shadwell. The prisoner came there on Sunday morning, the 28th of December—he had a pint of half-and-half—he pulled out a bag with a sovereign, two half-sovereigns, and nine shillings—the people persuaded him to leave it with me, which he did.





SAMUEL MOSES
. The prisoner called on me on the 28th of December and bought clothes to the amount of 2l. 13s.—he said, "Let them be here, while I go and fetch the money"—he came back, and said, "Can I shift myself here?"—he put on the things he had bought, and left his old things, which I gave to the policeman.





GEORGE HOLMES
 (police-constable H 43.) I had information about half-past twelve o'clock, to go to Chamber-street, where Cohen gave the prisoner into custody—he said he had been purchasing these things with the money—I took them off, and found this watch-key in his waistcoat pocket.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
