





291. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, 2 shirts, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Osterbury
               




            .
WILLIAM OSTERBURY. I lost two shirts, on the 25th of October, out of a tub of water in the kitchen of the Swedish Flag, at St. George's in the East


; I was not at home when they were taken.


                  MARY 
                  ANN LAY
               



            . I am servant at the Swedish Flag, in Princes-street. I put the two shirts into the tub about nine o'clock in the evening in quetion; I met the prisoner coming in from the yard - the shirts were in the kitchen, which communicates with the yard; he came in, and passed me - I went out, and had suspicions; I came in, and missed the shirts about half an hour after I had seen the prisoner; he was then gone - no other person had gone into the yard from the time I put the shirts into the tub till I missed them.


                  PETER 
                  PULMAN
               



            . I live at a pawnbroker's. We received some information on the 26th of October, and on the 28th a woman came into our shop to pawn one shirt, marked 
               W. O. 
            3-31: in consequence of some questions my master put to her, the prisoner came in, and said the shirt belonged to him - I went and got a Policeman; on my return the prisoner was gone.


                  JOHN 
                  FLASHAM
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I produce the shirt, which I received in the presence of this witness.


                  MICHAEL 
                  FLENESEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, at No. 13, Dock-street; I knocked at the door - no one opened it or answered; I got a key and opened it, but the prisoner fastened it inside - I got in at last; the prisoner made some resistance, and said he was not the person I wanted.(Property produced and sworn to)
Prisoner. I met a young girl, and we went into the prosecutor's to have a pint of porter; I never was in there before, and know nothing about taking the shirts - I met the mother of the girl, and a man who used to work in the West India-docks; he said, "I will pay the price of a pot of porter," and he said to the woman, "Take this shirt and get the price of a peck of coals" - she went in, and we went to see why she stopped to long.


                  PETER 
                  PULMAN
               



            . The prisoner said it belonged to him, and the woman said it belonged to Frank Welch.
Prisoner's Defence. I never opened my lips, and never saw it till I saw it on the counter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
