





2076. 
               
                  PETER 
                  GILES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, 1 bed, value 1l.; 4 chairs, value 4s.; 1 mattress, value 2s., and 1 table, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Blanchard
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH BLANCHARD. I lived in Dagley-street


, but now in Featherstone-buildings - I am a carpenter
; the prisoner is my wife's own brother. On the 10th of September I had a very serious quarrel with the prisoner, and he removed some of my goods - my wife came with a cart, and removed some of the things; the prisoner came with a bed-wrench, apparently to unscrew the bedstead, and I put him out - I then went to a broker, and when I came back he had got into my house, and I put him out again; I had missed a table and a looking-glass in the morning, and when I came home in the evening, all my things were gone but a stove and a chest - they consisted of the articles stated; I found them again, at No. 5, Sophia-street, Poplar.
Prisoner. Q.Have you the man here who belongs to the track? A. No; he has been cut in the head, and his wife is foolish or mad, and has put him out of the way.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am steward of a ship, and live opposite to where the prosecutor did. On Saturday afternoon, the 10th of September, I saw the prisoner at his house - he took some chairs out of the house, and put on a truck; he then took a bed on his back - the prosecutor's wife went after him, and told him to bear a hand, and come back for the rest.
Prisoner. Q. At what time was this? A. Between six and seven o'clock; there were other things in the truck, but I did not see you put them in - I did not see the truck go away.
JOSEPH BLANCHARD re-examined. Q. Had you given any authority to the prisoner or your wife to remove these things? A. No, they were removed without my consent; the prisoner came to my house at twenty minutes before six o'clock that morning - my wife came down stairs, and let him in; I was in the coal-hole - my wife and the prisoner went into the front parlour; I heard her pull the window-blind down, and thought it was the prisoner shut the door, but I went up, and he was standing inside against the door, with his arm against it - I heard the rumpling of my wife's clothes - [the witness here detailed a conversation which he over heard between the prisoner and his wife, after which he deposed that he entered the room, and discovered them in the act of adultery] - I went to the fire-place, and took up the poker, but my hand being in a tremble it jinked on the fender, and they heard it; they had not heard me before - I struck at the prisoner with the poker, with the intention of striking them on the head and killing the pair of them, but in the room of hitting him on the bead it struck his shoulder, and he flew out of the room and locked me in, as the key was outside - I opened the window, and got out, but as the front door was fast, I could not get in that way; I then got in at the window again, knocked at the room door, and a man up stairs came down and let me out - my wife still remained in the room.


                  MARY 
                  ROSS
               



            . On the 10th of September, in the morning, a woman, whom I now know to be Mrs. Blanchard, came to my house, and took a room; she said she would bring the goods in the afternoon, and told me to have the room ready by three o'clock - the prisoner and her came together in the evening, between seven and eight o'clock; they slept in the same room - they brought a feather-bed, four chairs, and a small table, with a truck- the prisoner staid there on Saturday and Sunday night, and he was taken on the Monday; on the Saturday night there was only one bed in the room, but on the Sunday she brought in a palliasse - they brought a piece of carpet, and put it into the kitchen; on the Saturday the prisoner took it up, and said he would sleep upon it - there was no bedstead in the room; Mrs. Blanchard said, in the prisoner's presence, that she took the room for herself and her husband; on the Tuesday Mr. Blanchard claimed the things, and took them away.
JOSEPH BLANCHARD. They were my goods.
Prisoner's Defence. It was eleven years, before the last voyage, since I was in England before; I came home in the Maria, of London, and boarded at the prosecutor's house - he became jealous of me; had I been guilty of the first part of the charge, I should have locked the door at first, and I might have got away; this is a story fabricated to ruin me - I had no hand in moving these things, but my own chest; I had no bed on my back.
JURY to 
               
                  MARY 
                  ROSS
               



            . Q. Did you go into the room on the following morning? A. Yes, but the woman had been out of the room - the carpet then laid on one side, and the bed on the other.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
