






Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
384. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUCKERIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 1 waistcoat, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Carling
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .
WILLIAM CARLING. I am a tailor, and keep a shop
 in High-street, Shadwell


. On the morning of the 24th of December I was in my parlour, and thought I heard somebody come into my shop; I went, and saw the prisoner standing close by the window; I asked what he wanted - he said a halfpenny worth of buttons; I told him I was sure it was only an excuse, he did not want to buy any thing - I thought he was a bad character, and if he came there again I should charge an officer with him; he went out, and I perceived the window-sash had been pushed on one side - I missed a waistcoat; I followed, and came up to him, took hold of his jacket, pulled it on one side, and saw this waistcoat under it - I took him back, and took it from him; I know it to be mine - it had hung across the rail in the window; I had seen him, pass and look in at the window several times that day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MELDRUN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and searched him at the station; I found 2s. 3d. on him, and a pack of the best Mogul cards - I had seen him in that street before; I was but three or four doors from the shop when I was called to take him.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I am an officer. I have a certificate of the prisoner's conviction - I took him on the 16th of November, 1827; I saw him tried and convicted here on the 6th of December, in the 8th year of his late Majesty's reign - (read).
MR. STRAIGHT. I know the signature to this certificate; it is Mr. Clark's, the clerk of the arraigns.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
