





543. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Greening
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD GREENING. I was walking in Drury-lane


 on the 28th of February, at half-past ten o'clock in the morning - I had occasion to use my handkerchief, and put it into my pocket again at the corner of the coal-yard - I walked about twenty yards, when I was asked if I had lost anything - I felt, and missed my handkerchief - this is it - it is a new one; I had only put it into my pocket that day - it was produced to me in less than three minutes by the officer - I have no doubt it is mine - I had taken snuff, and some is on it now.


                  FRANCIS 
                  LITTLE
               



             (police-constable F 158). I was in Drury-lane - I saw the prisoner slip from behind the prosecutor with something in his hand - I knew him, and followed him down Charles-street - I called, "Stop thief!" - he then ran as fast as he could - his cap fell off - he did not stop to take it up, but ran on - he went into No. 8 - I followed him; and when he got to the foot of the stairs, I saw him throw down this handkerchief - I took it up, and followed him up stairs - I took him back to the prosecutor, who had been stopping in the street - the prisoner said he had not seen the handkerchief at all.
Prisoner. When he came into the room where I was, he said, "Come along, it is no use." Witness. Yes; I did - I was glad to get him out, as there was a bad set there.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the handkerchief under a gateway; I put it in my pocket, and did not run till he called "Stop thief" - I then threw it down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
