




707. 




THOMAS CUMBER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
14th of January, one half-sovereign and one sixpence, the monies of 



Charlotte Ann Foreman.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the monies of 



Elizabeth Foreman.


MESSRS. SHEPHERD, ADOLPHUS, and SCARLETT conducted the Prosecution.





CHARLOTTE ANN FOREMAN
. I am single and am servant to Mr. Town of Euston-square. In January last (I do not know the date) I wrote a letter to my sister Elizabeth, who lives at Mr. Carlton's, Parson's-green, Fulham—I put a half-sovereign and a sixpence into a bit of paper, and pinned it into the letter, I directed it to my sister, and put it into the Post Office in Tavistock-place, kept by Mr. Willis—it is an oil shop—I took it into the shop and gave it to Mrs. Willis—I paid her three pence postage, and informed her that it was a money letter—I knew nothing more about it till the 10th of February, when the officer came to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure you gave Mr. Willis the letter? A. Yes—I have a distinct recollection of putting half-a sovereign into the letter.





ELIZABETH WILLIS
. I am the wife of William Willis, who keeps the receiving house in Tavistock-place—this is the two penny post letter bill of the 14th of February, it is my writing—here is an entry of a cash letter—all cash letters are entered in that manner—I received the letter at eight o'clock on the night of the 13th, and it went the next morning.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the whole of this your handwriting? A. That entry is—I did not send the letters that day—(bill read.)
"Eight o'clock, 14th of January 1837, Elizabeth Foreman, Mr. Ctrlton's, Parson's-green, Fulham, Middlesex, paid—signed William Willis, letter receiver."





WILLIAM WILLIS
. I am the husband of last witness, and keep the receiving house at Tavistock-place. I dispatched the eight o'clock letters on the 14th of January—I gave them to Stiles the two penny postman to take to the General Two penny Post Office—I dispatched a letter directed in this way among them.





JOHN STILES
. I am a letter carrier in the two penny post. On the morning of the 14th of January, I went to Willis at ten o'clock for the eight o'clock delivery letters—I received them from him, and carried them to the General Post Office—I gave them in at the office exactly as I received them.

Cross-examined. Q. Were they fastened up at all? A. I took them in a bag—they are tied up first by the receiving office keeper—I took then without untying them, and delivered them in the same state.





JOHN ALFRED HARDY
. I am a clerk in the Post Office. I received this latter bill at the Post Office with the letters, from the receiving house in Taviitock-place, on the 14th of January, here is my signature to it—I looked over the letters that morning, and found they corresponded with the bill—I put my initials to it—I handed the money letters to Mr. Biller, and he signed the bill as an acknowledgment—here are his initials to it.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you always compare the letters with the bill before you put your initials to it? A. I Do, they are always strictly examined.





JOHN BILLER
. I am a clerk in the Two penny Post Department, in the General Post Office. On the 14th of January I was on duty there, as clerk of the money-book—I received a letter with this direction on it that morning and entered the address in a book, which I have here—(reads)"Elizabeth Fore-Man,

Parson's-green, Fulham"—there it, "No. 47" on it—each letter is numbered, and a receipt corresponding with it—this book contains an entry of the country money letters—it is my duty to make out a receipt for money letters, to be signed by the party they are directed to—I made out this receipt—I deliver it out to the sorters to be sorted, and then it is brought to me again, and I give the letter out for it—it is, "Twopenny P.O., a letter containing—directed to E. Foreman, Parson's-green, Fulham, potage paid. Received the above, signed E. Foreman"—I deliver these receipts first to the sorters, instead of the letters—the sorters send it round to the road-clerk, Mr. Morgan, who brings the receipt to me, and on his signing the book, I should give him the letter, and he would keep the receipt also—his initials are signed to this book—he would then have tat letter and receipt to dispatch—that was done on the morning in question.

Cross-examined. Q. does the book you have, purport to contain a correct transcript of the address on the letter? A. It does—it satisfies me that the letter I received that morning and handed to Mr. Morgan, had that direction on it—it is not a facsimile of the direction, I dare say—I bate not put in Mr. Corlton's name—I have no knowledge that the name of Carlton was on it.

MR. SHEPHERD. Q. Is it the custom to insert the whale direction or the material part? A. The material part.





JOHN MORGAN
. I am a clerk in the Post Office. I was on duty on the morning of the 14th of January—the Fulham bag would be made up about half-past nine or twenty minutes to ten o'clock—I that morning received a money-letter directed to Elizabeth Foreman—I have signed an acknowledgment of having received it—I should not have done so unless I had received it—I received it from Mr. Biller—it was entered in the Post Office; bill and a receipt was put up with the bill to be signed by the part? to whom it was directed—here is the Fulham bill—it is in Mr. Linwood's handwriting—the money-letter was tied in front of the bundle, and put into the bag—it was then tied up in the bag—when these letters are marked off by Mr. Lin wood, they are put into the Fulham box, and then put into a parcel, tied and sealed by me—we send the receipt with it, which is returned afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there any writing of yours on this paper? A. Yes, my name—I compared the letters with the book before handing them over to Mr. Linwood—the letters are put into the box, and are tied up by me—they are then put into a bag, which bag is given to a stamper named Langham, and he ties and seals it—I see him do it—that is in the general course of business—there is no signature of Langham's.





JAMBS LIN WOOD
. I am a clerk in the Twopenny Post Office. I assisted Mr. Morgan in telling up the charges on the morning of the 14th of January—this bill is in my handwriting—this "Elisabeth Foreman, Parson's-green" is ray writing—I made the entry from the letter which I delivered back to Mr. Morgan.





FRANCIS LANGHAM
. I am a stamper in the Post Office. I was on duty on the 14th of January—my signature is on the book as being on duty—I received the Fulham bag from Mr. Morgan—it was tied in my presence by a porter, and given to me—I sealed it, and then gave it to Clifton the porter to take to the cart.

Cross-examined. Q. Do yourecollect this particular day? A. Yes—

I have signed the book as being present—nobody could have seated the bag but myself.





WILLIAM DRAKE
. I am the chief letter carrier for Fulham. On the 14th of January a money-letter arrived, addressed to "Elizabeth Foreman Parson's-green"—this letter-bill arrived with the letters that morning—when a letter-carrier receives a money-letter, he marks his signature against the entry of the letter—here is the prisoner's signature to this entry of Elizabeth Foreman—it is an acknowledgment that he received the letter—this receipt would come with the letter, and would be delivered to the prisoner, to get it signed by the person the letter is addressed to—Elizabeth Foreman came to me on the 5th of February, to make inquiry about a money-letter, and I spoke to the prisoner about it the next day, I asked him what he had done with Elizabeth Foreman's letter—he told me his wife had found it in one of his coat pockets, and he had been and delivered it that morning—I asked him where the receipt was—he told me he had not time to wait for it, as he had to call at Dr. Keate's for some money—this was about ten minutes before ten o'clock—I said it was very odd the office had not sent for the receipt, as it was customary to send for them a few days afterwards—he said it was so, and they must have forgotten it, and he would make it all right—he then went away to breakfast, and I went immediately to Elizabeth Foreman—after seeing her I immediately returned to the office, and saw the prisoner—I said, "What a lie you told me respecting this letter, You hare never been near the house"—I told him the information I had from Elizabeth Foreman—he said he must say something, but he would make it all right, but he could not find the letter—I said nothing more to him then—I went again to Elizabeth Foreman, about three o'clock, to know if he had called, and saw the prisoner afterwards at his own house—I said, "You have never been to Elizabeth Fore-man respecting this letter"—he said he had not—on the following morning, about eight o'clock, I said, "What have you done about this letter, I shall certainly report it; it is a bad job, you have fallen into the error, and you must abide the consequences"—I then wrote to the Superintending President—I went to town and returned with an officer, and we went in search of the prisoner, but could not find him that day—I did not see him again till he was at Bow-street.





JAMES KERR
. I am a clerk in the Two penny Post department. This receipt came into the Post Office on the 17th of January—it is signed "Elizabeth Foreman"—it was filed at the office.





ELIZABETH FOREMAN
 I was servant to Mr. Carlton, of Parson's-green, Fulham, in January last. I did not receive any letter that month containing half-a-sovereign and sixpence from my sister—I heard afterwards of such a letter having been sent; in consequence of which I went to Mr. Drake on the 5th of February—in consequence of what passed between him and me I went to the prisoner, and told him I had called respecting a letter which I understood I ought to have received on the 14th of January—he hesitated—I told him I could not account for it unless he had given it to somebody else to bring it to me—(the prisoner knew me—he had delivered letters to me for three or four years)—I said I could not account for it, as I had always received them punctually before—he said he had been ill and got his brother to deliver fur him—I told him then that I had traced the money to him, and should expect him to make it good to me in two or three days; and he said he would do so—I said I should not trouble myself any further about it, and left him—on the 6th of February, he came to

me at my master's house—(I had seen two gentlemen from the Post Office before that)—I said, "Oh postman, this is a sad job!"—he said it was all respecting my letter; he knew he had done wrong, and was very sorry for it—this was about four o'clock in the afternoon—I told him of the two gentlemen having been there; and he said he knew it—he came to me the same evening about eight o'clock, and said he did not know what he should Do, as nothing of the kind had ever occurred before—I said, "I can't suppose You intended to rob me;" for I considered him strictly honest—he said there were two officers then after him—he gave me 10s.—before he was taken he said he did not know what had become of the letter—this "Elisabeth Foreman" to this receipt is not my writing—I never signed a receipt of that kind.





THOMAS LYNE
 (police sergeant V 5.) On the 9th of February, I went in search of the prisoner to a house at Sandy-end, Fulham, kept by one Wheeler—I went in and found the prisoner up stairs in bed—it was about half-past two o'clock in the afternoon—he had all his clothes on, except his shoes and hat—I took him by the collar and said he was my prisoner—I told him it was on a charge of felony—he said, "I know all about it; it is concerning the letter of Miss Foreman's, of Parson's-green, I have made that all right, I have paid her the money, and all would be very well had I not forged the receipt, and my comrade given information againt me"—I took him to the station, and heard him say to the inspector that there was half-a-sovereign in the letter; and in a few seconds after he said, "She told me so"—I then searched him and found five letters on him, and two blank receipts—I returned one of the letters to him at Bow-street by the desire of the Magistrate, as the superintendent of the Post Office said it did not at all relate to the case—it was connected with his own business—it had been then opened—I believe this to be the letter I returned to him, (looking at one) but I cannot swear to it—I kept the other four letters in my possession till the Saturday following, when he was examined again, and I then gave them to the superintendent of the Post Office.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you make any memorandum of the conversation You had with him? A. No.





ROBERT ATKINSON KIRBY
. I am the relieving officer of the Strand Union. On the 11th of February, I was coming down Bow-street and saw the police van just turning the corner into Russell-street, I saw a letter thrown from the blind behind the van—it dropped from the van—two boys ran and picked it up and gave it to me, and I immediately gave it to Tyrrell the gaoler—this is the letter.





FREDERICK TYREELL
. I am gaoler of Bow-street office. On the 11th of February I took the prisoner from the House of Correction to Bow-street in a van—there were several other prisoners in the van—I received this letter from Mr. Kirby when I arrived at Bow-street—as the prisoner entered the passage of the office I had this letter in my hand, and he said, "That is my letter, I dropped it out behind the van, thinking somebody would pick it up and put it into the Post Office"—he said two or three times, "Don't show it to any of the officers"—I afterwards opened the letter in the clerk's office—there was a leaf of a Bible in it, and something written in pencil on a piece of paper inside the letter—it was directed to Mrs. Cumber.





WILLIAM DRAKE

re-examined. I know the prisoner's handwriting—I nave seen him write many times—I believe this pencil-writing to be his—(letter read)—"For the Twopenny Post; Mrs. Cumber, at Edward

Carlton's, Brook-green Lane, Hammersmith, in great haste, T. C—Dear Sarah, Get Potter to put half-a-sovereign and 6d. in a letter to Miss Foreman, at Carlton's, and say it was found in the King's-road—put the letter in at Parson's-green, but sign no name, and say "The receipt was sent by my husband, that found it three days after it was found"—say the letter was found one month ago—make it out that some poor person found it who was in distress—but Potter will know how to manage it—finding I was taken for losing it, I got some friends to make it up for me—put it in the post on Monday night or Tuesday night, for I am miserable here; and I not get here again I cannot say at present—You must not say a word about it at all, for the letters are all seen by governor—Do not fret my dear, I think I shall get over it, if you do as is in the enclosed—You must make it appear as a poor person found it in distress—we are searched often—I have dropped this in the street, for some person to be so kind as to put it into the Post Office."




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

