






2299. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STEPTO
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of September
, 1 copper, value 14s.
            , the goods of the 
               
Wardens and Commonalty of the mystery of Dyers of the City of London




            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
STEPTO 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Confined Six Months
            .


                  BEAUMONT 
                  CHARLES LUTTBY
               



            . The houses in Dyer's-buildings, Holborn


, are all the property of the Wardens and Commonalty of the mystery of Dyers of the City of London.


                  GEORGE 
                  SIMMONDS
               



            . I am a goldsmith and jeweller, and live on Holborn-hill. On the 22nd of September my attention was called to Dyer's-buildings; I saw the prisoners coming down the buildings; Stepto was carrying this copper, and a chain; Davis was carrying a basket of carpenter's tools; I asked where they were going to take the copper; they both said to Ludgate-hill - I said that could not be, as it was not their property; they said if I had any doubt they would go back to the person who gave it them - Stepto put the copper down, and was going away, but I told him to take it back to where he brought it from; he took it to No. 5, Dyer's-buildings, and put it down in the parlour; Davis went in with him -I sent my brother for an officer; he could not find one - I went for an officer, and got one; we then went to the house, and tried to get in with a key, but we found the door was bolted, or locked, inside; we went to No. 6, and tried to unlock that, but it was fastened inside; the officer then tried to get in with a crow-bar, but could not -I then got through No. 4, over the roof, to No. 5 - I went down there, and let the officers in; they searched that house, but found no one - we then went to No. 6, and on going down stairs we found a white apron; we went into one of the yards, and found a basket of tools, which I believe is what Davis had in his hand - an officer then went on the top of the houses, and found Stepto between two walls; he was got out, and the officer took him; in the mean time a servant came, and gave us some information - we went to a house in Castle-street, which is at the back of the houses, in Dyer's-buildings; we could not find Davis, but he was afterwards taken.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CATMULL
               



            . I am a constable. I took Stepto, and went in search of Davis to a house in Baldwin's-gardens; I found he lived there, but could not find him.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



             (Police-constable H 178.) I was passing Holborn, and saw a crowd in Dyer's-buildings - Simmonds said I was wanted; I went to No. 5, but the doors were bolted - we got in at No. 4, and found Stepto, as has been stated, but could not find Davis.


                  EDWARD 
                  RENTMORE
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw Davis at the Compter the next morning; I asked him if the basket of tools belonged to him - he said they did; I said,"Stepto means to throw it all on your shoulders, for he says you hired him to carry the things" - he said, "That is false, for we both agreed upon the robbery," and asked me what story I would advise him to make.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAYLIS
               



             (Police-constable G 67.) I took Davis in Red Lion-square the same evening, about seven o'clock - I took him to the watch-house, and then to the Compter; I told him I wanted him; he said, "I know you do, but I hope you will let me speak to my wife, as I know I shall be transported;" I said, "Transported for what?" he said, "For that affair in Dyer's-buildings."(Property produced and sworn to.)
Davis' Defence. I never was near the place at all that morning - I have a wife and family, and was the support of an aged mother.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
