





OLD COURT. - Saturday, July 5th, 1834.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
991. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HESTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, at St. Luke's


, 1 watch, value 25s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 5s.; 8 spoons, value, 1l. 17s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 7s.; 2 brooches, value 20s.; 4 sovereigns; and 1 half-sovereign, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Anderson
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .

ROBERT ANDERSON. I am a watch-maker
, and live at No. 3, Ironmonger-street


, St. Luke's. On the 15th of May, the prisoner came to me on liking, as an apprentice - he stayed about six hours, then went away, and did not return - a short time after, I went down stairs, and missed the articles stated in the indictment, which are worth £3 6s.; and four sovereigns, and one half-sovereign - I had seen the watch about half an hour previous, and the earrings in the morning - I have not seen any of them since - he went away about half-past six in the evening - these articles were all in different places - nobody came in or out from the time they were safe, till they were missing - I saw nobody come in - I saw the watch safe at six o'clock, but nothing else.


                  MARY 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I missed the spoons, and then the brooches - I had seen the seven spoons all safe a quarter of an hour before the prisoner left - the sugar-tongs and mustard-pot were in a bag by themselves - I saw the two brooches in a little box, by the side of the bag - the four sovereigns, and the half-sovereign, I put away in the morning, about twelve o'clock, in the caddy, on the dresser.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you opened the bag, and seen the things in it? A. Yes; about four o'clock in the afternoon - I cannot say at what time they were taken - I put the money away about twelve o'clock in the morning, in a tea-caddy, in the front parlour, on the drawers - we do not keep a shop - I was not in the parlour all day - my bed-room and kitchen join the parlour - I do not believe I went up stairs - I cannot tell whether the things were taken all at once.


                  JOHN 
                  BALDICK
               



             (policeman G 106). I apprehended the prisoner on the 21st of May, in Union-court, Holborn - I found only six-pence on him.




               GUILTY of stealing under the value of £5
            . - Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second London Jury, before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
