




1114. 




JOHN ROBERTS
 and 



EDWARD HONE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
23rd of January, 1 pair of trowsers, value 4s., the goods of 



Edward Oliver; and 1 sword, value 5s., the goods of 



David Jones.






EDWARD OLIVER
. I am a shipwright at Woolwich Dock-yard; I have a room in the Britannia, at Woolwich. I left my lodging the day before Christmas, for three weeks and four days, leaving my trowsers in my room—I locked the door, and left the key with the landlady—when I came back I missed my trowsers—these are them—(looking at them)—the prisoner was in the house when I left.





DAVID JONES
. I live at the Britannia public-house, Woolwich. On the 17th or 18th of January I missed several things from my bed-room, which made me search Oliver's room, and miss his trowsers—this is my sword—(looking at it)—I kept it in a lumber-room in the house—I saw it last about the 23rd of November—the prisoner Roberts lodged at my house last summer—he came, and wanted to enlist in the Manses, but they would not take him, and, from charity, I found him in victuals and lodging—he left at the latter end of October, and I did not see him again till he was before the Magistrate—Hone was in the habit of sleeping in the house, but had left before the robbery—I lost between 20l. and 30l. worth of property out of my bed-room.





SAMUEL WATTS
. I am a constable of Woolwich. In consequence of information, I apprehended the prisoner Roberts, at a public-house in

South-street, Lambeth—he had these trowsers on, over some others—I apprehended Hone last Monday evening.





JOSEPH SHARP
. I am a pawnbroker at Deptford. On the 5th of January Hone brought the sword to me—I refused to take it—he went and fetched Roberts, who said it was his property—I then took it, and gave Hone 2s. on it.

Roberts's Defence. I was employed by Mr. Sanden to look after a bull at 6s. a week, from November to Christmas—three days before I left, his boy came to me, said he had left his place, had no where to sleep, and asked me to let him sleep with me, which I did—I left Mr. Sanden, and came to London to look for work—the boy came with me—he had a small bundle, and said what was in it was his own—he got himself a place in London, and so did I—at the time of the robbery be was in his place—neither of us were out of our houses, excepting my going out to get victeals, and his going to get his master's beer.

ROBERTS—


GUILTY
. Aged 27. 


Transported for Seven Years.

HONE—


NOT GUILTY
.
