



206. 




JAMES MATTHEWS
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


MR. GURNEY
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS CROSS
. I was in the employ of John Gower as warehouseman—he has other partners—they live in St. Paul's Church-yard—I saw the prisoner there on the 31st of October—he requested to see some shawl dresses—I showed him some—he selected three—he afterwards requested to see some twilled cambrics, of which he selected one piece—he then requested to see some book muslin, and selected two pieces—he then requested to see some Scotch cambrics, and chose two pieces of that—he then requested to see some jaconet muslins, and took five pieces—the whole property was worth about 10l.—he had three pieces of cambric muslin—he said they were for John Gower, of Newington—we have a customer of that name living at Newington, but where there I cannot say—we had not more than one customer named Gower, living at Newington, to my knowledge—he wished to take part of the goods with him—I took him down into the entering room, and gave Wrench the goods the prisoner had selected.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he say Gower had desired him to buy the goods? A. He said they were for Gower, of Newington—he did not say John Gower—he did not say Gower had directed him to purchase them—after selecting the goods, he said, "These are for Gower, of Newington."

COURT. Q. Did he name Gower's name before the goods were selected? A. Not till after they were selected—I said, "Who are these for?" he said, "For Gower, of Newington"—that was after I had arranged about the price.





CHARLES JOHN WRENCH
. I am entering warehouseman to Messrs. Cowper, there are two other partners. On the 31st of October, the prisoner came by himself into the room I was in, and stated that he had looked

out some goods for John Gower, of Newington, and wished to take them with him—the goods had been sent down by Cross—I said it was against the rule of the house—that I could not let him take any goods away without he had an order—he said, "Very well, then send them to George Brettle and Co., Wood-street, to enclose for me"—and just as he was going away, he turned back sharp on his heels and said, there were two or three dresses and a shawl he wanted particularly for a customer, would I allow him to take them with him—I gave them to him, and gave the rest to a boy named Tasker, to take to Brettle's warehouse.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it because he said he wanted them for a customer that you let him have them? A. Decidedly so—I should not have let him have them if he had not said so—I did not see him in Cross's presence, that I recollect.





DAVID TASKER
. I am porter to Messrs. Cowper. On going out with the cart, on the 31st of October, Wrench delivered me some goods—I took them to Mr. Brettle's, Wood-street—when I got to Wood-street, I saw the prisoner—he said, "They are quite right"—that was in answer to a question from me—he said nothing more—I delivered the goods into his hands.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you the two parcels? A. No, only one.

JURY. Q. Did you deliver them in Mr. Brettle's warehouse? A. Yes—the prisoner was inside the warehouse, and a porter was there packing a truss—the prisoner took the parcel from me—I thought he came from John Gower, of Newington.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How did that appear to you? A. I sometimes take goods there for Mr. Gower—I only know one customer at Newington named Gower—Mr. Wrench desired me to take the parcel to Mr. Brettle.





JOHN GOWER
. I am a draper, living in High-street, Newington-butts. I have been in the habit of purchasing goods of Messrs. Cowper—the prisoner was never in my employ—I never gave him authority to get goods form Messrs. Cowper—I do not know any body of my name in business at Newington.

Cross-examined. Q. Does any body of your name live at Newington?—A. Not any body, to my knowledge—mine is rather a rare name—I will not swear there is not another person named Gower, at Newington—I believe there are not twenty of that name there, but I will not swear it—I do not believe there are.

JURY. Q. Do you know any body of the name of Gower in Newington? A. I do not—I have resided there about twelvemonths—I believe there is no other shopkeeper of my name—I will not swear it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

JURY
to C. J. WRENCH. Q. You directed the porter to take the goods to Brettle's—why not direct him to take them to Newington? A. Newington is so far distant, we could not send at that time of day, conveniently—we sent them to Brettle's, by his desire—we would not trust him with them.

MR. GURNEY. Q. What did you give the prisoner? A. Three shawl-dresses and a piece of cambric.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you in the room when the prisoner said he wanted to send some of them to a customer? A. No.

MR. PHILLIPS addressed the Jury on behalf of the prisoner; and Samule

Gibney, grocer, Union-street, Oxford-street; and Thomas Alliston, publican, South Audley-street, gave him a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
There were two other indictments of a similar nature, against the prisoner, to which he pleaded guilty.
