





612. 
               
                  
                     JAMES PHILLIPS 
                     ROWLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 1 sheet. value 3s.; 1 pillow, value 3s.; 1 bolster, value 6s., and 1 blanket, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Winder
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  DONOVAN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. William Winder, he keeps the Fox and Pack public-house, in Gray's Inn-lane




. On the night of the 26th of January I went up to a back bed-room on the second floor, and saw the prisoner behind the room door, sitting on a chair - his dress was disordered, and the bedding in the room was disturbed; I saw a sheet in his lap - I ran down stairs to the pot-boy, who came up into the room, and the prisoner was then laying on the floor with the sheet under him; the pot-boy spoke to him, and told him to come down stairs, he said he would not till he had seen Mr. Jones - the pot-boy then said he would get an officer to bring him down; we came down, but had scarcely got to the bottom, before the prisoner was down after us, and he attemped to run out at the side-door, but my mistress would not let him - he then ran into the yard; my master came in, and he was detained - we went up stairs afterwards, and under the bedstead, where the prisoner had laid, was this sheet rolled up, and on the next bedstead, this bolster, this pillow, and this blanket folded in four; they are my master's property - I had made the beds in the usual way.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. When you first saw him, what did you say to him? A. Nothing; he was sitting on the chair, his trousers were undone, and he had the sheet in his lap - he was sober, though he pretended to be drunk; when we went up the second time, we told him to come down - he was sitting the first time near the foot of the bed; if he had fallen down he would not have been so high up towards the top of the bed as he was when he was laying down - it was about eight o'clock in the evening; I had not been in the room after one o'clock - the room door had been unlocked, but there is a door on the stairs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WINDER
               



            . I received information when I came in, while the prisoner was in the yard; I went to him- he pretended to be very drunk; I asked him what he was doing, he said he wanted to go - I sent for the Policeman, who took him; there was no one of the name of Jones in my house.


                  WILSON 
                  HAYNES
               



             (Police-constable G 117). I took the prisoner - he was not drunk, but pretended to be so; he said he came there to see Mr. Perry - he gave various addresses, but I found he lived in Hertford-street.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the house to find a man named Jones who owed me 15s. - I asked one of the men in the tap-room, who I thought was the landlord, and he said one of the lodgers was gone to bed - I was intoxicated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
