



789. 




JOHN CHARLES BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of February, 1 gelding, price 30l.; 1 cart, value 15l.; 1 set of harness, value 5l.; and 350lbs. weight of cotton wool, value 20l.; the goods and property of 




John Plummer the younger, and another; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM KING
. I saw a horse and cart in St. John-strect-road on the 2nd of February, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening—the prisoner

was there with four others—I saw him with a truck—I have since seen a horse and cart—it is the same I saw before—it is Mr. Plummer's, and is the one I saw the prisoner with.





CHARLES RAWLINS
 (police-constable G 93.) I was on duty in St. John-street-road on the 2nd of February, and saw the horse and cart draw up, and a truck close to it-a truss was rolled out of the cart into the truck.





JOHN PLUMMER, JUN
. I am the son of John Plummer. I am of the firm of John Wilson and John Plummer, cotton manufacturers, No. 60, Great Tower-street-we had 350lbs. of cotton in a cart our door—the two bales which are outside the Court were in the cart at our door, and while the man was gone to get a man to help him to get them out, the cart and wool were drawn away—it was at our door about half-past five o'clock—the value of the gelding is 30l., the cart 15l., the harness 5l., and the cotton wool 20l. the policeman brought the horse, and cart, and harness to our house the same evening—I saw the cotton at the station-house—I do not know who took it.





JOHN BURLEY
 (police-sergeant G 50.) I was in St. John-street-road on the 2nd of February—I saw a cart and horse standing near Sadler's Wells—it had J. Plummer on it—there was no cotton in it at all—I do not know the prisoner—he was not there—I took the hone and cart to the owner.





CHARLES RAWLINS

re-examined. I apprehended the prisoner for stealing the truck—he had one bale of cotton which was rolled out of the cart into the truck—I took him with it—it was half-past seven o'clock—I showed the cotton to the prosecutor.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down St. John-street-road, looking after some work—I saw two men in the cart, and one at the side of the truck—I was coming by—they asked me to help them to get the bales into the truck—I did so, and got one bale into the truck, and we took it up Rawstorne-place, and put it in there—I went and took the other one in the truck-we went on to the corner of Rawstome-place, and they said, "Stop and have a drop of beer"—the officer came and took me instead of the rest—they ran off. Witness. I took the prisoner, who was drawing the truck—he did not tell me, till he got to the station, that others had employed him—he ran off as soon as he saw me, and turned round to strike me.





CHARLES EATON
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office-(read)—the prisoner is the person who was tried and convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
