




497. 




THOMAS HORABIN
 was again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of December, 16 knives, value 8s.; 7 forks, value 1s.; 2 razors, value 1s.; 3 brushes, value 1s.; 3 pairs of scissors, value 3s.; 7 spoons, value 6d.; 1 cork-screw, value 1s.; 1 steel, value 6d.; 24 knife-blades, value 2s.; and 30 knife-handles, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



John Dobby, his master; and 





ANN WATSON
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.






JOHN DOBBY
. The female prisoner had no access to my shop—she used to come to the private door for the washing, and take it away—she could not take the property away herself, it was in my shop—the male prisoner was my only shopman—he was the only person having access to the property—I missed it, and got a search-warrant, and went with the officers to the female prisoner's house, No. 4, Yates-court.





JAMES KIRKBY
. I am a policeman. I went with a search-warrant to Watson's place on the 2nd of January—we began to search, and found part of this property in a box, and the rest on shelves about the room—I asked her how she came by it—she said Horabin had brought it there, and she knew nothing about it herself—I found all the articles stated in the indictment.





JOHN DOBBY

re-examined. All this property is mine—some of it was jobs brought to the shop from customers.

Horabin. Q. How can you swear they are your property? I have been in the habit of buying such things at old-iron shops. A. They are the things which were in my shop—when I first took the prisoner, he had not a place to live in—I missed several oyster-knives—I had not one in my place for six weeks—Horabin lodged with Watson.

Horabin's Defence. The property never was his, nor ever in his shop—I attend Billingsgate market with old cutlery ground up afresh.


Watson's Defence. I did not know how he came by them—he brought them all at one time.

HORABIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

WATSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.




Transported for Seven Years.
There was another indictment against Horabin.
