



2268. 




JOSEPH MOLES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of May, 2 beds, value 1l. 10s.; 1 rug, value 2s.; and 6 blankets, value 12s.; the goods of 



George Marshall: 1 pillow, value 5s.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d; the goods of 



Thomas Dare: 1 pillow, value 5s.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1s.; and 1 coat, value 4s.; the goods of 



Charles Downes, in a barge on the navigable river 
Thames; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS DARE
. I am a bargeman. On the 21st of May my barge was in the Thames, at Old Brentford, in the parish of Ealing—I did not know the prisoner—the property stated was all safe in the cabin on the 21st of May, when I left it, and on the 22nd, when I returned, it was gone—I saw it at the station-house at Brentford—part of it was mine, part was Mr. George Marshall's, a timber-merchant, and part was Charles Downes's—here is some of it—(looking at some articles.)





CHARLES DOWNES
. This coat, and trowsers, and one pillow, are mine—I worked in that barge, and left them on board.





JOHN HANSLOW
.(police-constable T 177.) On the morning of the 22nd of May, about one o'clock, I was on duty at Old Brentford—I saw the prisoner and Gardner coming towards me—the prisoner had a rug, and Gardner a sack—I asked what they had got—they both said, their bedding, and that they came from Mr. Eaton's barge—I took them to the station-house, and found they had the articles here stated—the inspector let them go, I afterwards received information, and found the property at a home in Bailey's-row—I took the prisoner, but Gardner was gone.

Prisoner's Defence. Stokes told us to take them to his house, and we did—there was nobody at home—we were going along with them, and were taken.





JAMES CUSHEE
. I am a constable. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
