




1462. 




ANN M'DERMOT
 was indicted

for, that one 


Pamela Elizabeth Hall, on the 
13th of November, did steal 2 half-crowns, 6 shillings, and 3 sixpences, the monies of 



James Fagg; and that the said Ann M'Dermot did feloniously and maliciously incite, mote, procure, counsel, hire and command the said Pamela Elisabeth Hall the felony aforesaid to do and commit; against the Statute, &c.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






PAMELA ELIZABETH HALL
. I was fourteen yean old on the 16th of last October, and live with my grandmother, Mrs. Fagg, at No. 9, Bermondsey-street. I was living with her in November last—the prisoner. had at one time lodged in my grandmother's house—I have taken half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences belonging to my grandmother a great many times by desire of the prisoner—in November I took two half-crowns, six shillings, and three sixpences, by her desire—I was in the prisoner's house when she desired me to do it—I went to her house because she told me I was to go there—great part of the money I took was spent in drink, and the other part bought furniture—I bought some at Mr. Smith's at Crucifix-lane, and at Snow's-fields—I bought some chain and some fire-irons with the money I took from my grandmother, and they were taken to the prisoner's house—the prisoner was with me when. I bought some of the things, and her daughter was with me when I bought some of them—the prisoner told me that John Hubbard was to marry me—the chain that were produced from Mr. Warton's, the pawnbroker, were the same that were bought at Mr. Smith's—some china cups and saucers were bought with my grandmother's money, the prisoner's daughter went with me to buy them—I used frequently to go to the prisoner I in the after-noon, and stop all the afternoon—I slept there two nights—I do not recollect when I told my grandmother of taking the money, but I did tell her—I took the money because the prisoner told me—she told me several times to do it before I did it.

Prisoner. I was forty-three miles down in Kent, and my daughter and John Hubbard, and this girl, kept company for two years, and they had the house to do as they pleased. Witness. She was not in the country, she was at home in November—I did not keep company with her daughter above nine months—I knew John Hubbard before I knew her—the prisoner told me to do this a great many times before I did it—a coat was bought with a sovereign that I took from my grandmother, and the prisoner gave me a bad sovereign to put in its place—I did not go to buy the coat—there had been 2s. paid off it, and I paid 16s. at the prisoner's desire, out of the sovereign—the rest of the sovereign was spent in gin and ale at the prisoner's house the same night—the prisoner forced me to drink some.

Prisoner. You know you said you would come to my place when you liked—you knew John Hubbard before you knew me—he said he thought more of my daughter than of you, and then you stated this about the sovereign, and said any thing was your property. Witness. John Hubbard never had any thing to say to her daughter that I know of—what I have said is the truth.





ANN FAGG
. I am the wife of James Fagg of Bermondsey-street, a butcher. Pamela Elizabeth Hall was born in my house, find lived with me, except when she went on a visit to my son—the prisoner lodged in my house, and left me on the 16th of October last—both before and after she

was gone, I missed money—I missed money in November, but it is impossible to say to what amount—Hall was in the shop, and took money the same as I did—she behaved with the greatest propriety before the prisoner came, and was liked by every neighbour—I think it is about a month or five weeks ago that Hall first told me about taking any money—I believe I have lost more than 20l., but Hall lives with me still, and always shall—I will forgive her.

Prisoner. If you lost money, where are Mary Sampson's fine dresses which the girl confessed she bought? Witness. I know her, she is rather older than ray granddaughter—I know John Hubbard—I heard that he and Hall kept company, but I never saw them together—I believe his parents are hard-working people.





THOMAS SMITH
. I am a broker, and live in Crucifix-lane, Snow's-fields. In November Hall came to my shop—the prisoner's daughter had come then with her, and the prisoner herself had come with her—Hall bought some fire-irons of me, and to my best recollection, the prisoner's daughter was with her then—I had a table, the prisoner's daughter came for it, and asked the price of it, Hall then came with her, and then the prisoner came with Hall, and looked at it—they did not buy it—the prisoner came with Hall to buy a saucepan, and Hall paid for it—Hall paid for some chain and some pictures.

Prisoner. I never bought a saucepan of you in my life—it was my husband who was after the table a long while—I said it was not worth the money. Witness. At the time you dealt for the saucepan, a surgeon came by, who you said had saved your life.





EDWARD BENNETT
. I am in the employ of Mr. Walton, a pawnbroker, I have two chairs, half a dozen cups and saucers, and two dishes which were pawned by the prisoner.





PAMELA ELIZABETH HALL

re-examined. I paid for thesechairs.

Prisoner. I pawned the chairs, the cups and saucers, and dishes—my daughter said they were bought with my husband's club-money.





JOHN KINSEY
. I am an officer of the Borough. On the night of the 8th of March, I went to the prisoner's house in Stoney-lane—I saw there was a light in the room—the shutters were closed—I knocked at the door—the prisoner said, "Who is there?"—I said, "A friend, open the door"—I knocked again, and said, "Is Mrs. M'Dermot at home?"—the prisoner said, "No, she is not"—I wrenched the shutters open, and was in the act of lifting the window, when the prisoner said, "Put the window down, I will open the door," which she did—I then went in and found this box on the mantel-piece, with the duplicates of some of the property in it—I apprehended her.

Prisoner's Defence. I am quite falsely sworn against—it is all jealousy—I told this girl's grandmother that she was seen with a deal of money.




GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
