



1834. 




JOHN JAMES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of July, 40lbs. weight of lead, value 8s.; 7 knobs, value 1s. 6d.; 7 escutcheons value 7d.; 1 sink plate, value 1s. 2 key-hole plates, value 4d.; and 1 cock-plate, value 2d.; the goods of the 

London and Birmingham Railway Company, and fixed to a certain building; against the Statute, &c.






JOHN CHAMPNEYS
. I am a police-sergeant. On the 20th of July, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, I was in Hampstead-road, and saw the prisoner coming out of the garden-gate of No. 34, Mornington-place, with a bag. I went up to him and said, "What have you here!"—he said, "Never mind, it is all right"—I said, "I must know what it is"—he said, "I had it given to me, it is all right"—I said, I must take him to the station-house—he dropped the bag and said, he would be d—d if he would carry it—I called another constable, took him to the station, and in his coat-pocket I found seven brass knobs, seven escutcheons, and the other articles named; and in the bag was 40l. bs. of lead—I went back to the house with the articles, and found the door shut, but not fastened—I found the brass knobs taken from the cocks, and these fitted them—the sink was cut, and taken away—the service-pipe, and other parts of the lead, and the lead and other articles, completely fitted the places they had been taken from—I found the premises belonged to the Railroad Company—I found a screw-driver on the prisoner, and there were marks of the screw-driver on the places the things were taken from.





WILLIAM OLIVER
. I am foreman to the London and Birmingham Railroad Company. This house belongs to the Company, and the property in it was theirs—I went with the policeman to the premises—he has described the state of them quite correctly.

Prisoner's Defence. I left home at half-past five o'clock that morning, intending to go and look after work—when I got to the Hampstead-road, a man dressed as a carpenter inquired if I wanted work, and said if I would carry the bag to a street in that road he would give me 1s.—I went with him to the house near the railroad, and he gave me the bag and articles at the garden-gate in front of the house, saying I was to go on, and he would overtake me—the officer called after me, and took me to the station-house—I refused to carry the lead so far, and put it down, and he was obliged to carry it.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
