





1141. 
               
                  
                     LAURA 
                     WHITTAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 1 pair of trousers, value 10s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s., and 1 pair of stockings, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Marshman
                        



                     
                  ; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 1 knife, value 6d.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ewington
                  



               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  MARSHMAN
               



            . I live in Mr. Gray's livery stables, Grosvenor-mews


. On the 17th of April, about eleven o'clock in the evening, I met the prisoner in Regent-quadrant - she asked leave to go home with me; I said she might if she liked, and we went to the mews, where I lodge - we went to bed in the room over the stable; I had given her half a crown, and she gave me 5d. out - I went to sleep, and did not awake till the Policeman awoke me; I then missed a pair of trousers, two handkerchiefs, and a pair of stockings of my own - the other property was also gone, but I did not miss them then; that belonged to 
               
                  James 
                  Ewington
               



            , who lodged there, but did not sleep there that night - he gave me the key to go there.


                  JAMES 
                  SCANLAN
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I fell in with the prisoner in Burlington-gardens, with these goods in her apron - I suspected her, and took her.


                  JAMES 
                  EWINGTON
               



            . These other articles are mine - I did not sleep there that night; they were in my care.
Prisoner's Defence. He asked me to go with him, which I did, and the Policeman gave us a light - when I got up stairs I asked him for my money; he gave me half a crown, and I went to bed with him - he then said, if I did not give him the half-crown he would say I had robbed him; I said I would not, and he forced it out of my hand - I got out and went to the night-house; he came after me, and had some rum and ale - I then went back with him; when he went to sleep I looked into his pockets, but could not find any money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
