





1011. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  BROMLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, 11 yards of ribbon, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM BROWN. I live in Beech-street, Barbican


,and am a linen-draper
 and haberdasher
. On the 21st of April, about five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came into my shop, with another woman, and asked to look at some ribbons - I showed them four pieces, the first of which I opened a few yards; they asked to look at some more - I left the four pieces on the counter, but noticed them, suspecting them; I went for more, and turned my back to them - I brought two more pieces to them, and saw the prisoner's bonnet thrown on the counter; I saw her shuffling something under her shawl - the prisoner offered me 4 1/2d. for a ribbon I asked her 7 1/2d. for; I refused, and they went to the door - I went to the door with two ribbons in my hand, and asked the prisoner to walk in and I would show her a ribbon; she still walked on - I then laid hold of her shawl, and said she must return, for I suspected her - I took her to the counter, and a piece of ribbon, which I had first shown her, dropped from under her shawl; I sent for an officer, and she was taken in charge; I believe the other was liberated, with a promise to attend at Guildhall next day, which she did, and was discharged- there were eleven yards and a half of the ribbon; the prisoner had some liver in her handkerchief, and the ribbon was stained with it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who did you send for to take them? A. I sent for an officer, and Horton came; I do not know that he became answerable for the appearance of the other woman - I gave them both in charge; I never said I took the ribbon from under the prisoner's arm - I said it dropped from under her arm on my taking hold of her shawl; the bonnet appeared new, and was without trimming - the prisoner had a bonnet on her head, but the other had not: the prisoner said the bonnet on the counter was hers; Saunders was in the shop - I sent him for an officer, but not particularly for Horton; a message was sent to me from the Quest-house, to know if the other woman might be liberated; I do not know who came - I have been so long in this hall, I may have forgotten something; I do not recollect whether it was Horton who came to know if she might be liberated - I said she might; I knew who came at the time, but cannot now recollect - it was a man, as far as I can charge my memory; I was perfectly rational at the time, and am so now.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ. I saw the prisoner in the shop with another female - they both made their way to the door; Mr. Brown went and turned the prisoner back; he said she had a piece of ribbon, and he took it from under her shawl - when she stood by the counter where he served her I saw it in his hand; I do not know whether it dropped from under her shawl or not - she said, "What do you want to detain me for? I have nothing to do with it, I have got none of your property;" her companion said nothing, to my recollection- I went for an officer, and found Horton, who took them both in charge; the other was suffered to go that night, and appeared before the Magistrate next morning.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Horton give his word for her appearance? A. I cannot say.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORTON
               



            . I am a constable. I met the last witness - I went into the shop, and saw the prisoner and another woman; Brown stated that this piece of ribbon had fallen from the prisoner's person, and that the other woman was with her - I took them to the watch-house; the other woman had a child in her arms - I went back to Mr. Brown, and stated about her having a child; he said as the ribbon was not found on her, he wished her to be at large, if she promised to come next day, which she did, and was discharged.
Cross-examined. Q.Were you the person who went to ask him to discharge her? A.I did not ask him - I stated what I have said; I found 16s. or 17s. on the prisoner - she had a handkerchief with cod's liver, and there were stains on the ribbon.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
