







1452. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     WILMINGTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, 1 pair of boots, value 5s.
            , the goods of a 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Pinkney
                  




               
            .


                  HUMPHREY 
                  EASTBY
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in Church-street, Brick-lane


, opposite the prosecutor's. On the afternoon of the 21st of May I saw Wilmington come out of his shop; Carter was then in the shop - I had no suspicion at that time; but Mrs. Pinkney came to the door, and from what she said I went and took Wilmington; I brought her to the prosecutor's door - Mrs. Pinkney opened her shawl, and took out these boots.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did Wilmington go back readily? A. Yes; I took her almost immediately after she left the shop - she had got to the corner, and was looking round.


                  SARAH 
                  PINKNEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Pinkney
               



            . I was at home when the two prisoners came together - Carter asked for a pair of shoes; I showed her some - she then asked for a pair that laced up; I showed her some - she said they would not fit; Wilmington then said, "I will go out and call Nancy;" Carter said, "We don't want a dozen in the shop;" Wilmington then went out, and I missed these boots from the window - I said to Carter, "Where is the girl gone?" she said, "I don't know;" I went to the door, and saw Mr. Eastby, who said he would go after her - he brought her back; I opened her shawl, and found these boots - I asked if she was not ashamed of herself; Carter said, "Look over it this time;" I said I could not, as I had lost so many - these boots had been in the window, near to where Wilmington stood; Carter had sat on a chair in the middle of the shop.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRANKENSTEIN
               



             (Police-constable H 26.) I took the prisoners, and have the boots: I found one halfpenny on Carter, and nothing on the other.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Carter put in a written Defence, stating that she had gone into the shop to look at the shoes, intending to have them laid aside for her, if they saited, till she could pay for them, and that she had no knowledge of Wilmington.
Wilmington received an excellent character.
WILMINGTON - GUILTY. Aged 13.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Jury
            .





               Fined One Shilling
            , and Discharged.
CARTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
