





OLD COURT. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 16TH.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
523. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PAINE
                  




               
             (THE YOUNGER) was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January
, 14 spoons., value 2l. 10s.; 2 pairs of sugar-tongs, value 13s., and one 5l. Bank note. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Paine
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  JOHN 
                  PAINE
               



            . I am a pianoforte-maker
, and live in Frederick-place, Hampstead-road


 - I only lodge there; it is not my dwelling-house - the landlord lives in the house. The prisoner is my son, and was apprenticed to a cabinet-maker; he was living with me - I lost a variety of plate and silver-spoons, and out of my desk a 5l. note.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALTER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Merret, a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of silver tongs, pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PETHEBRIDGE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hall, of High-street, Marylebone, a pawnbroker. I have four silver table spoons pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS BARTON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cockel, a pawnbroker. I have a tea-spoon, a mustardpoon, and caddy-spoon, pawned by the prisoner.


                  CHARLES 
                  DEARING
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was onduty at the watch-house when the prisoner was brought in by his brother; and before he gave him in charge, he came up to me, put this 5l. note into my hand, and one spoon, saying it was property he had stolen from his father that day.


                  THOMAS 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner - on searching him I found four duplicates of property which he had pawned - I found him in company with two prostitutes.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I deny being with any prostitutes - I beg for mercy.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
