




1320. 




RICHARD WHITING
 was indicted

for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



Elizabeth Whiting, on the 
6th of March, at 
Edmonton, and cutting and wounding her on her neck and throat, with intent to murder her.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to maim and disable her.—3rd COUNT, to do her some grievous bodily harm.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH WHITING
. I am the prisoner's wife. I was married to him on the 11th of February—I had only known him two months before—I became acquainted with him casually as I was going to Gracechurch-street alter a situation—I understood from him that he was going to Australia, and he told me he could not go unless he was married—in consequence of what passed between us, I did not go to Gracechurch-street, but returned with him—I was then living with Mrs. Jones, a laundress, at Southgate, where I found he lived—(I was brought up in an Orphan Asylum)—I continued to see him from time to time down to the period of our marriage—the day before we were married, I told him if he had heard any reports about my character I would decline marrying him—he said, "No," he did not believe what he had heard—it was reported that I had been unfortunate—that was true, but it was better than three years ago—I am now nineteen years old—I was living in a family as servant at the time it happened—we were married the day after this conversation—I went at first with him to London for a short time, and then came back and lived at his father's for about three weeks—some unpleasantness arose between us rather better than a week after our marriage, after our return to Southgate—it was one Sunday—I had got his breakfast, and all things prepared to go to church—he refused to go with me, and I went with his father—he did not give any reason for that—one evening, about a week before this attack was made on me, his brother William, who lived in the house, was talking rather familiarly to me, and Richard knocked my head and his together—that did not appear to be done at all in anger—he usually went to bed before me, and did so that night—I did not find the door fastened when I went up—no quarrel or any thing happened that night—on one occasion his brother William attempted to kiss me in his presence—I did not find the bed-room door locked that night when I went to bed—I did about a week before when no quarrel had happened—I waited at the door about a quarter of an hour, and he let me in—I was angry at not being let in, and did not undress myself—I was not very long in the room before I undressed—he requested me to undress, and I did—he then prevented me getting into bed, and said I had stopped out for my own pleasure, and I should now stop out for his—I stopped out for nearly three hours—he then fell asleep, and I got into bed—in the course of that night he swore at me several times, which was a very unusual thing—he told me to get further, and not come near him in the bed—he did nothing to me that night—he told me one morning, about a week before this happened, that I liked his brother William better than I did him, and he pinched me severely—we were in bed at the time—we had no quarrel on Wednesday morning, the 6th of March—I was on very good terms with him on the Tuesday—he asked me for sixpence for drink that day, being thirsty, as he had taken a little too much the day before, and I gave it to him—he got the drink out of doors—he came home at his regular time, between six and seven o'clock in the evening—he went to bed about ten o'clock that night—I did not go till about eleven o'clock as I was in conversation with his father and mother—when I went

up to bed, he was awake—he did not speak to me—I think he remained awake—he was very restless all night, and swore, and called me bad names—he called me a b—h several times—he did not give me any reason for addressing me in that way—I awoke before seven o'clock in the morning—he was then dressing himself—I had heard his brother Charles call him—I was awake then, and when he got up, and was dressing himself—I rather think he did not put his shoes on—I did not see that, but thought so by his walking so lightly—he then left the room for a very few minutes—it was a quarter or twenty minutes to seven o'clock when he was called, and it was striking seven o'clock when he returned—I was then lying almost in the middle of the bed—on entering the room he came to the left side of the bed, which was nearest to him—I usually laid on the right side.

Q. As you lay in bed on your back, was he on your right or left side? A. My left—he left the door open—he came to the left side of the bed, sat on the bed, put his hands on my neck, and said, "Are not my hands very cold?"—I said, "Yes, they are"—he said, "I will move them"—I said, "No, you need not move them"—he then moved his right hand to my right shoulder, and put his left hand on the pillow—I did not notice whether he had any thing in either of his hands—he told me to shut my eyes and open my mouth, and he had something good for me—I told him no, I did not like to shut my eyes and open my month, for I did not know what he would put in it—he said it was something very good—I thought this jocular—I did not feel quite satisfied with what he said, and looked towards his left hand, which was on the pillow—he said, "No, it is not in my hand, it is in my pocket"—it must have been his right hand I looked at, because the other he had previously put behind my shoulder—his hand on the pillow was not on the same side as the hand which was behind me—I was lying between his two hands—it must have been his left hand—my night-cap was off at the time, lying on the bed—he told me he would come round to the other side of the bed and give it to me—he walked round to the other side, and told me again to shut my eyes and open my mouth—I did so—he took my night-cap off the bed and pot it over my eyes with his left hand and kept it there, and while the night-cap was over my eyes, I felt my throat cut—I put my left hand up to my throat to try to prevent it, and he cut two of my fingers; the fourth and middle ones—I struggled and got the night-cap from my eyes—I did not see the instrument, but I saw the prisoner there—I rather think I felt the knife with my hands when I was struggling—I am not quite sure whether I took hold of it, or whether he dropped it—he then left the room, tying, "You did it yourself"—I got out of bed and went to the room door, but was not able to open it—I cannot tell whether it was fastened—I went to the window, opened it, and called out "Murder"—I noticed his brother William outside, in a gentleman's premises opposite—I then succeeded in getting out of the room—the door opened very easily when I went to it a second time—I went down stairs to the lower room, which was opened to me by a little boy—I saw the prisoner, as I went down stain, at the back door leading into the garden, in the way to the privy—I did not pass him—he was at some little distance—after going into the lower room I saw him at the window—he looked in at me from the outside—he then came and knocked at the door, saying he wanted his boots, and if he was not admitted, he would burst the door open—I did not open the door—his brother William was in the room at the time, and he gave him his boots—he did not come into the room while I was there—there is another door to the room besides

the one he knocked at, (the front-door); that was wide open—he said no thing more about what he had done in my presence—I was attended by a surgeon.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You had been married about a month when this happened? A. About three weeks—the prisoner did not behave kindly to me—he had severely pinched me previous to this, but in any thing else he was very kind—he did generally behave kindly to me—I am quite sure he mentioned about going to Australia before we were married—I had objected to go—I said I would not go—he said he was determined to go—I was determined not to go with him—I was unhappy about leaving my own country—I objected greatly to go when I saw how he ill-treated me—he severely pinched me, and I told him if he treated me so in his father's house, how would he do in a country where I was not known—I do not recollect saying I would rather die in this country than go to another—I will not swear I did not say so—I have seen the knife with which my throat was cut—(produced)—it is a table knife, not a clasp knife—I had asked the prisoner's brother about a week before this to sharpen a table knife for me—I do not believe this is the knife—it was a knife with a round handle, and I did not observe any gaps in it, as I told the Magistrate—the brother did sharpen it—it had a white handle—I would not swear there were not gaps in that knife—I am quite sure it had not a square handle like this—that knife is not here—I have not looked for it since this occurrence—it was not produced before the Magistrate—this one was, and I said I could not swear as to the gaps in it—the first person I saw besides my husband when I went down stairs was his little brother Joseph—I said nothing to him—I did to his brother William—I did not say, "Good God, see what I have done to myself—I will swear I never said so to William or any of his brothers—I said, "Did you ever think I should come to this?"—when I looked out of the window I saw William in the opposite premises—I saw a brother younger than him down stain—I think William could have heard me very distinctly call murder—I said to Joseph, "Fetch a doctor, for Richard has cut my throat"—I solemnly swear I never said to William that I had done it myself, or any thing of the kind—I was very much agitated and frightened, but I knew perfectly well what I said.

Q. What time had passed between your discovering your throat was cut, taking the night cap from your eyes, and going to the window and making an alarm? A. Almost instantly, directly I came from the door—it was nothing like ten minutes—it was the inside of my fingers that was cut——my husband was taken into custody in the house—I cannot say how long after it happened, for I was carried up stairs—he never entered the house while I was there—he did not express any wish to come and see me, he merely wanted his boots—I would not have him admitted, because I was afraid of him—I was put into the same bed again—the bed-clothes were quite close up to my person at the time this was done—it was a white counter-pane—I saw the knife while I was down stairs—it was brought down by the younger brother, who went up to fetch a blanket, as he could not find a shawl to wrap me in—I heard inquiries made in the course of the week for the knife which I had had sharpened, and a knife was missing—I cannot say whether it was missing almost directly after William had sharpened it for me—it was mentioned the same week, and it might be soon after—w had gone to bed on Tuesday night without having had any words or any quarrel—he had not been drinking much in the course of that day—he had

had a little—he had the money from me, but he was quite sober—he swore at me several times in the night, and called me several names—he was awake when I went up—he did not complain of my disturbing him, or appear angry—he gave no reason for swearing at me in the night—I remember Mrs. Leversege coming into the room while I was down stairs—she came into the bed-room afterwards—I do not remember her saying to me, "It is very odd if your husband did this while you were in bed, that there should be no blood on the quilt or bed clothes"—I rather think there was blood on the sheet—I do not remember her saying any thing of the sort—I cannot say she did not—I know there was blood on the sheet, for instantly I felt my throat cut I threw the clothes down, and got out of bed—I was not there when the knife was found—I could not tell whether I felt the knife or not in the bed.

COURT. Q. Had you any clothes on when you got out of bed, and went down? A. Only my night clothes.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You got out of bed immediately the cut was inflicted? A. Immediately, as soon as possible—I had gone to bed with both my stockings on, as my feet were very cold, but in the night; the stocking on my right foot came off—I had the other one on when I got out of bed, and that stocking had blood on it—I had asked his brother to sharpen a knife, as I expected my husband and I were going off to Australia—(I had said I would not go, but he said he would use me well, and I intended to go)—I had a collar to rip off a shirt for him—my scissors were up stairs, and I said, "William, I won't trouble you to go up stairs, be kind enough to sharpen me a knife"—I got a knife with a narrow point and round handle—I said, "Sharpen that at the point only about half an inch round, or it will cut where I do not want it"—he did it, and I used it for that purpose, and other purposes as well—I am not sure whether I put it into the drawer or on the table after using it—I had taken it from the drawer from other knives—I selected it, as it had a narrow point, and suited my purpose best—I never took it up stairs to my bed-room for any purpose whatever—I swear that is not the knife, for the handle was round.

Q. Now, upon the solemn oath you have taken, did you procure that knife with any view or intent to inflict any injury on yourself or any body else? A. No, it never entered my thoughts.

MR. JONES. Q. When you and your husband talked about going to Australia, and you refused to go, did you say if he went you would leave Southgate, and nobody should ever see you again? A. No, I did not, nor any thing of the kind.

COURT. Q. You say your husband called you names on Tuesday night, which was quite unusual, and seemed restless? A. Yes, we did not come to friendly terms, or make it up—he kept it up all night—I was not awake all night, but every time I awoke he told me to get further—I said nothing to him, I only told him he was very restless, and would he like my place—he told me no.





JOSEPH WHITING
. I am the prisoner's brother, and am ten years old—I live with my father. On this Wednesday morning, about seven o'clock, as I was in bed, I heard a cry of "Mother," as I thought, two or three times—I could not make out who it was—I got out of bed, and ran down stairs stark naked, looked out at the front door, which was open, and saw my sister-in-law, Elizabeth, at her bed-room window with her neck bleeding—she told me to run for the doctor—I sent my brother Edward, and told her Edward was going—I went up stairs, put on some of my

clothes—I brought some down, and put them on down stairs—I went into the lower room, and fastened the door to keep the wind out—Elizabeth came and knocked at the door, and I let her in—other persons came into the room—I was told to go up stairs to fetch her shawl—I went and looked about the bed, but could not find it—I looked into the bed, and found this knife in the bed, with the blanket covered over it—there was blood upon it—I took it down stairs, and showed it to my mother—I took it and put it into the pantry by her directions—Alder, the policeman, came, and told me to fetch it, and I did so.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the knife on the under sheet? A. It was in the bed, and a blanket covered over it—the blanket was in its right place, turned up—the prisoner was not in the house all the time—I do not know where he was—I do not remember his coming down stairs that morning before his wife—I saw his wife first that morning—she did not say to me, "Good God, see what I have done to myself"—she said, "Your brother Richard has cut my throat"—she said that when I let her in at the door—I did not hear her say at any time that day that she had done it herself—I did not hear her say, "Who would ever have thought it would hare come to this"—Richard was taken up at my father's house—he had staid there all the time—he was not in doors—he would not come in before Elisabeth was carried up stairs—he came in afterwards, and was taken up—he got his living by working with a mud-cart—I do not know whether he had been drinking in the course of that week—I saw him often—he used to come in to dinner and supper—I do not know whether he had drank more than usual that week.





JOSEPH ALDER
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody between seven and eight o'clock on the morning this happened, in the lower room at his father's house—I examined his dress, but did not find the least trace of blood about him—I told him what I took him for—as we were going to the station-house he began to cry—I asked him what he was crying for—he said, "If she dies I shall be hung"—I said, "Pooh, nonsense"—he said, "If she says I done it I shall"—he said she had done it herself, not at that moment, but afterwards, and said they had been uncomfortable for the last week or so—this was not all said at once, but at intervals as we went along—it was nearly three miles to the station-house—I produce the knife which I received from Joseph Whiting.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he give you any reason for being uncomfortable during the week? A. Yes; on account of people talking about her, and jeering—he did not say it was because she would not go with him to Australia—he said they were going.





CHARLES WILKINSON
. I am a surgeon at Southgate. I was called on Wednesday morning, the 6th of March, to go to the house where the prosecutrix was—I found her in the lower room, sitting by the fire—she was severely wounded in the lower part of the throat—I examined the wound—it was about four inches and a half in length, and full an inch in depth, or rather better—it is quite healed now—as far as I could judge, I should say the blade of the knife had gone downwards—had it gone upwards, I think it must have been fatal—I think this knife would have produced such a wound—no very large arteries or vessels were separated—the wound was deepest in the centre—the blade of the knife appeared to have been turned more downwards than upwards, and it was lower down in the neck than I have ever seen a wound in the throat—it was down-wards,

because there was a flap below—occasionally at the first cutting of a wound like that much blood will flow, but sometimes it will not flow instanter—I found her very bloody when I got there—I ordered her to be put to bed, and dressed the wound—I found two of her fingers were cut—one, the third finger, very slightly—the other, the second, was much deeper, but not to any great extent—they were in a slanting direction—I should say they had both been cut with the same stroke—the wound in the throat was a serious one at the time—she kept her bed for a fortnight or better, and was laid up from three weeks to a month—I sewed it up—she got up occasionally in the day time, but did not leave her room—the wound was very near the carotid artery, and the jugular vein—if either of those arteries had been severed, death would have ensued most likely before she could have got assistance—my attention was not directed to her fingers by herself in the first instance, but when I was washing her hand, she complained of her fingers, not before—she gave me an account of what had happened to her.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the prisoner present then? A. No—the large vessels were not injured—the wound would not be likely to produce death, having missed the large vessels—from the nature of the wound, the blade must have been drawn nearly straight across, from left to right—the blade went downwards—it appeared to have entered on the left, and come out on the right.

Q. Suppose two wounds, one drawn from right to left, and the other from left to right, what would be the difference in the appearance? A. Why the deepest part would have gone where it first entered.

Q. Would it not be possible for such a wound to be made by drawing it the other way? A. It is possible, but I do not think it probable—it is a matter of opinion.

JURY. Q. But did you not say this wound was deepest in the centre? A. Yes.

MR. JONES. Q. How do you reconcile the wound being deeper in the centre, with saying, the deepest part was where it began? A. I say it is generally the deepest where it commences—this wound was much deeper in the middle than at either end—the knife was apparently drawn from left to right—I have seen cases of suicide from cutting the throat.

Q. Have you not almost invariably found that the wound has been inflicted from left to right? A. Generally—in short, I may say, in all cases—it would be much more convenient than the other way.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you in such instances see the wound inflicted from upwards to downwards? A. No, and I have never seen a wound inflicted so low by a suicide.

COURT. Q. Would not that depend on how the instrument was held? A. Of course it must, but suicides would hold the knife, so as to make the wound go upwards—in this case the skin was cut completely through, and the muscular substance below—the windpipe was not cut, nor any large vessels.

Q. Then the depth was not from front to back, but more downwards? A. Yes, more downwards.





CHARLES ASTON KEY
. I am senior surgeon at Guy's Hospital. I have examined the prosecutrix's throat—I first saw it some day last week, when the wound was quite healed—I had no means of judging whether it was a slanting or a horizontal wound—I have seen a great many cases where persons have committed suicide by cutting the throat—I have seen one this morning—in such cases the cutting is more usually effected upwards,

and I have never seen one so low down as this that I remember—certainly not by a suicide—this wound was undoubtedly very near the arteries, the severance of which would, in all probability, have proved fatal.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you never seen a case of suicide in which the instrument took a downward direction? A. I cannot possibly say never, but it is usually upwards—I do not ever recollect a case of its being downwards—it is more awkward for a person to inflict a wound down-wards with either hand—that would depend a great deal on the determinstion with which the party went to work—if he held the instrument firmly, it would take an upward direction.

Q. Suppose a woman, with not a very strong nerve, might not the wound take another direction? A. I should think it would make no difference—the edge of the knife is more commonly held upwards—the deeper parts are cut more upwards than the superficial parts.
(Margaret Turner, widow, Weirs-passage, Charlton-street, Somer's-town; Elizabeth Hubbard, Windmill-street, Tottenham Court-road; Edward Gilham, George-street, Tottenham Court-road; William Vernon, Windmill-street, Tottenham Court-road; and George Stevens,-printer, Drury-lane; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—On the third Count.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Second Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

