





Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
1885. 
               
                  
                     JOHN JAMES 
                     LEVIEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously forging an order for payment of money
             - as follows:
London, 2nd of August, 1832.
Messrs. Coutts and Co., pay to B. H. Gill, Esq., or bearer, Two Hundred Pounds. 
               W. G. PAXTON
            .
£200. with intent to defraud Sir


                     Coutts Trotter


               
             and others.
SECOND COUNT, for offering and uttering the same, with a like intent.
FOUR OTHER COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 
               
                  
                     William Gill 
                     Paxton
                  



               
            .
MESSRS. BODKIN and LEE conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am cashier in the banking-house of Messrs. Coutts, in the Strand; Sir Coutts Trotter is one of the firm - there are other partner
s. On the 2nd of August the prisoner came into the counting-house, and presented this cheque - my initials are on it;) on inspecting it I suspected it was not correct, and asked him in what name he received it; he replied Gill - I then asked his own name; he answered Watts: I then quitted my seat, and showed it to the other cashiers; in consequence of what transpired in his absence, he was desired to wait by Sir Edward Antrobus, to whom I gave the cheque.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS Q. You put your initials on the cheque, I suppose that was a considerable time after? A. On the following morning.
Q. In reply to your asking his name, are you sure he was not interrupted in his answer, and meant to say,"What's the use of telling you," or something of that sort? A. I heard him say Watts.
SIR 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  ANTROBUS
               



            . I am a partner in Coutts'banking-house, and was there on the 2nd of August - my attention was drawn to this cheque, purporting to be drawn by Mr. Paxton; I went to the prisoner after the cheque was shown to me, and told him a difficulty had occurred respecting payment of the draft, and begged he would sit down till it was cleared up - he followed me immediately to a chair, which I pointed out inside the counter; I do not recollect his making any answer - I then desired Mr. Partride to send for Mr. Paxton; the porter was sent for him, but Mr. Robinson, his clerk, came, and made a communication to me: after remaining on his seat about twenty minutes, the prisoner was taken into another room; the door between that and the room I was in was always open; I happened to look into the room, and saw him emptying a small phial into his mouth, the contents of which he had almost drank before I saw him; I do not think he had had an opportunity of seeing Mr. Robinson - it was about half an hour after he presented the cheque; I sent him to an apothecary close by, who gave him an emetic, which proved effectual; the cheque was placed in my hands by Mr. Partridge: I believe that produced to be the same.
Cross-examined. Q. Where was he sitting for the first twenty minutes? A. In a room within the office, not in the banking-house; there were two clerks in that room; I took the cheque in my hand when I asked him to sit down: I then gave it back to Mr. Partridge; I believe he parted with it afterwards.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you compare it with other cheques? A. Yes, with five or six - it was under my notice about five minutes; I have no doubt in my mind that this is the cheque.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SADLER THOMAS
               



            . I am a superintendent of the Police. On the 2nd of August the prisoner was brought to the station-house, Covent-garden, on this charge - I received the cheque the following morning from Mr. Colthurst, one of the firm, in Mr. Partridge's presence; Mr. Paxton marked it at the time - I had a conversation with the prisoner; I cautioned him that I was about to put a question to him, and that he had no occasion to answer it unless he thought proper.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was he not at that time in an extreme state of suffering, both in body and mind? A. He was - my opinion is that he was in that state of mind I could not depend on his evidence in any case; I had a second conversation with him about three-quarters of an hour after he was in my custody - I think he was then considerably excited; I told him he was not obliged to answer any questions affecting his case - he said, "Then I suppose I am not obliged to answer at all?" I said, "Certainly not."
COURT. Q. When this took place, was he in his senses, so as to know what he was saying? A. I conceive he knew what he was saying, but was certainly considerably excited; he spoke as if he knew what he was about - I told him whatever he said would be used against him on his trial, and that he was charged with uttering a forged bill for payment of 200l., on Messrs. Coutt's; he said, "Oh yes, oh, yes, I did;" I said, "Was it a good cheque?" he said "Yes, it was" - he was at that time crying very much; I searched him, and found this note on him, enclosed in this I envelope - I marked them at the time.
Cross-examined. Q. The cheque was brought to you next day, and then Mr. Partridge put his name on it? A. Yes; there was no mark on it before, that I am aware of - the prisoner was in a back room at the station-house when I put these questions; they were put within an hour after he was taken.
Q. He was under the operation of posion and counterpoison at the time the conversation took place? A. He was - his answers were quick and sharp, but at the same time he was under so much excitement, I could not depend on what he said; the room was full of officers, and one or two surgeons - I asked the questions, because I had the previous assurance of the surgeon that he was in danger, and I thought it my duty to put them; I had no idea of giving evidence at the time; I certainly considered if he survived I should have to give evidence; I put them from a sense of duty, considering him in danger, and that crime might attach to other persons.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did he make any statement to you before you cautioned him? A. No; he answered as if he understood my questions.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILL PAXTON
               



            . I am a wine-merchant
, and live in Buckingham-street, Strand. In August last I had an account at Messrs. Coutts', and am in the habit of drawing cheques on them; no part of this cheque is in my handwriting, nor was it written by my authority - Mr. Watts, a stockbroker in the City, is a friend of mine; I am often at his counting-house, and have seen the prisoner there - he was clerk there, I believe; I frequently saw him in the office when I have been there; and dare say I have written when he has been there, and he might know I kept an account at Coutts', but I cannot say particularly.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe you had a very good opinion of the prisoner, and recommended him to a situation? A. I spoke to a person to give him one, in consequence of Mr. Watts speaking well of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am a stockbroker, and live in Tokenhouse-yard. The prisoner came into my service the middle of March, 1830, and remained till the time in question - I have had frequent opportunities of seeing his handwriting; this note, and the envelope, appear to be in his writing; I believe them to be so - the body of the cheque seems to be the same hand-writing; the signature and all the written part of the cheque, I believe to be his writing; I saw him at the station-house about six o'clock on the evening he was taken - I held out no inducement or promise to induce him to say any thing to me - the first question I put to him was, where he had got the cheque, it being a printed one; he told me it was one remaining cheque in an old cheque-book, which was put away with my old books in my office - I asked where he had written it; he said he wrote it at his desk while I was washing my hands in an inner room - I had not sent him that day to Messrs. Coutts'; I beg to add, he was not my clerk, but my office boy.
Cross-examined. Q. Has he not been above two years with you? A. Yes, he bore a very excellent character - he was about fifteen years old when he came to me.(The note produced was here read).
2nd of August, 1832.
MY DEAREST MOTHER, - When you receive this, your son will be no more, my dear mother, I am sorry to say I cannot explainwhy I have thus acted - you will find many that will do more than I have, could; but none that loves you more; may blessings attend my dear mother. Yours devotedly, J. J. L.
MY DEAR ANNETTE, - I am sure you will not refuse, now I am no more, to take advice from one who so dearly loved you; that to behave yourself and learn to improve, and be a blessing instead of a curse to your good mother - heaven bless you! to my dear 
               Matilda
             I can only add the same; heaven bless you.
J. J. L.
On the envelope was written "That heaven may bless you all is the sincere prayer of yours, affectionately," J. J. L.
Directed to 
               S. 
            Levien.
Prisoner's Defence (written). My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, - In most respectfully submitting to your kind consideration, a few observations, I trust I shall be forgiven for any thing intrusive or irrelevant to the legal position in which I stand before you; especially, as under his Lordship's enlightened mind, every thing will be examined and scrutinized - I might safely leave my case to your merciful consideration; I therefore humbly beg to allude to the evidence of Thomas - circumstances of a private nature, inapplicabel to the present inquiry, will account for the laudanum being in my possession; I trust the inference drawn from my possesson of it, will form no consideration on your minds, although my feelings were the cause of my using it; I trust the evidence of Thomas will be rejected, for I trust you will feel that, under the influence of the laudanum, and the state of excitement, I could not be in a situation to answer questions put to me, and my answers ought not to be taken as evidence against me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SADLER THOMAS
               



            . He was brought to the station-house about six or seven o'clock in the evening, to the best of my recollection; it was between the hours of the Magistrate's sitting, which are four and seven - I was there when he was brought in; I was not present when Mr. Watts saw him.
Eight witnesses gave the prisoner an excellent character.
GUILTY. Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .




               Strongly recommended to Mercy, on account of his character and youth
            .
