





394. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HILT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 1 coat, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .
HENRY JOHNSON. I live at Chelmsford, Essex. On the 1st of January, between four and five o'clock in the evening, I was returning home - I was at Hackney, in a light cart of my own; I stopped at Mr. Jackson's, in Chapel-street


, to purchase a few things, leaving the cart at the door, with my coat in it - Mr. Jackson's nephew looked through the window and alarmed me; I ran to my cart, and my coat was gone - I saw a man running up the street; I called Stop thief! several persons followed him - I lost sight of him, but he was taken; I might have been in the shop about five minutes - I found him in custody, and a Policeman brought my coat in.


                  JOHN 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I was in the shop of Mr. Jackson - I looked through the window, and saw a man take the coat off the cart; I cannot say whether it was the prisoner, as it was dark.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I live at Hackney. The prisoner was on one side of the way, and I on the other; I heard somebody halloo Stop thief! I looked round, and saw the prisoner with the coat - when the gentleman hallooed Stop thief! I saw him drop it; he ran away, and was pursued: I did not follow him, but I knew him before, and am sure he is the man - the gas-lights were lighted; I swear positively to him.
Prisoner. Q. How far from the shop did I drop it? A. Just by Slatterie and Green's - it was not quite dark.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GANFIELD
               



            . I was opposite Slatterie and Green's. I saw a man drop the coat; I do not know who it was.


                  THOMAS 
                  BALL
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running as hard as he could - I grasped at him, but could not get hold of him; he said, "Don't stop me, don't stop me" - I followed him, calling Stop thief! till he was stopped; I never lost sight of him at all - I hallooed Stop thief! all the way.


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running as hard as he could - I held up my stick to stop him; he would not stop, and I cut him across the legs with my stick; some man came out of a stable, threw him against the wall, and there we took him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had just left a young man who was crossing the fields; I wanted to speak to him, and was running to catch him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
