





Before Mr. Justice Taunton.
939. 
               
                  STEPHEN ABRAHAM 
                  CUNDEE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Cundee
                     




                  , on the 26th of May
, at St. James's, Clerkenwell, and stealing therein 2 silver candlesticks, value 10l.; 2 salt-cellars, value 30s.; 3 table-spoons, value 25s.; 1 tea-spoon, value 2s.; 2 salt-spoons, value 4s.; 1 milk-pot, value 20s.; and 1 watch, value 20s., his property
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  CUNDEE
               



            . I am the prisoner's father, and live at No. 64, St. John-street-road


 - he does not live with me- I have lost sight of him for three years past - I have never seen or heard of him for three years - he was apprenticed in February, 1830, to 
               
                  John 
                  Henry Pearce
               



            . On Tuesday morning, the 27th of May, in consequence of what my servant told me, I came down stairs, about a quarter or half-past six o'clock, and missed a pair of silver candlesticks, a silver milk-pot, three silver table-spoons, two tea-spoons, two salt-spoons, a pair of old-fashioned salts, the lid of a mustard-pot, all silver, and a metal watch - my silver milk-pot, I believe, was in the kitchen - all the other articles were in the back parlour - when I went to bed, the evening before, the house was all fast - I examined some of the windows and doors myself - I cannot positively state that I examined them all - on missing the articles, I found the inner shutter of the back kitchen forced open, evidently from the outside - the shutter was forced inwards - it was entirely open - the window was open too - a man could have got in without difficulty - the articles missing might fetch about 15l. in their weight of old silver - I was not of opinion that the window was opened from the outside, at first, but on examining I am satisfied from the marks on the frame, that it must have been forced in with great pressure.


                  JOHN 
                  JOSEPH REARDON
               



            . I am shopman to 
               Mr. Ravenall
            , pawnbroker, of Tothill-street, Westminster. On the 27th of May, about nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came and asked me if we bought old silver - I think it was on a Tuesday - I told him we did - he then produced part of a silver candlestick - I asked if he had any more - he produced part of another - I asked how he came by them, not liking the articles being broken up - he said a young gentleman had given him them at Islington - I did not believe him; and I passed through the house, without his knowledge, out at the back door, to the station-house, and brought the inspector, Banister - I gave the silver over to him, and he took him into custody - I asked the prisoner his name - he said, "Cundee."


                  SAMUEL 
                  BANISTER
               



            . I am inspector of the police. I was called by Reardon to his master's shop, and took the prisoner into custody - part of two silver candlesticks were delivered to me by Reardon - I produce them - I asked the prisoner where he got the silver from - he said it was given to him by a young gentleman at Islington - I asked him the name of the gentleman - he said it was Cundee - I asked where he lived - he said he did not know, nor could he tell what part of Islington he had met with the young gentleman - I then asked his own name - he said it was George Cundee - I said it was extraordinary his should be the same name: were they related - he said, "Oh the truth is, my father gave them to me" - I asked him where his father lived - he said he had not seen him before for some years, and did not know where he lived - he then said they were given to him in Orchard-street, Westminster, at the end of Union-court, where he said he lodged - I told him I did not believe his statement, and should take him into custody on suspicion of having stolen them - I searched him at the station-house, and found on him 11s. 5d. - I asked where he got the money - he said he had earned it the day before in the Borough market as an occasional porter - he afterwards admitted that he had been a great part of the day at Westminster - I detained the money except 1s. 2d., whichhe had for refreshment - since the examination before the magistrate, I have examined the shutters of the prosecutor's house, and am entirely of opinion somebody had broken in from the outside - they had attempted to cut a hole in the shutter near the bolt, and at last forced the shutter in.
MR. CUNDEE re-examined. I know these parts of the candlesticks perfectly well - they are mine, and have been in my family for forty years - they were not broken when taken from my house - I know them from their general appearance, being constantly in the habit of using them - the two parts which have been produced identify with another piece which was brought to my house by a strange man who found it - he brought it to me next day - I do not know his name - I have brought it here - my house is in the parish of St. James's, Clerkenwell.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  THREADER
               



            . I lived with Mr. Cundee at the time of the robbery - I recollect fastening the back window the night before, by a bolt on each side of the shutters - I fastened them securely, I am certain - I made it tight and secure - I came first down next morning, at ten minutes past six o'clock, and the things were all missed from different parts of the house - nothing was missed from the back kitchen - I had seen the salt cellars in the house the night before, at half-past ten o'clock in use at supper - I had seen the silver candlesticks at the same time - a watch was also missing - I saw that the night before hanging over the mantle piece in the back parlour - I found the shutter forced down - it opens into the garden, which is enclosed with a low wall - I should think any person could get over that wall - there is a field on the other side of the wall - I had seen all the articles safe in the house the night before.
Prisoner's Defence. I am perfectly innocent - on the night of the robbery I was at work until eleven o'clock - I returned home, and on the morrow I went and offered the silver for sale.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18 - 


               Transported for Life
            .
