



2028. 




THOMAS JACKSON, alias
 Branson

, was indicted

for stealing, on the 
24th of August, 6 reams of paper, value 4l. 10s. the goods of 



John Hunt and another—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Richard Parker and another.






WILLIAM COLLYER
 (City police-constable No. 89) On the 24th of August, I saw the prisoner with a parcel in Queen-street, Cheapside, just at the top—there was a person left him—he made some sign to the prisoner, as I conceived, to put it into the door-way—the prisoner slipped a bundle of paper off his back into a door-way—the one who made the sign ran away—he could see me—the prisoner stood before the paper, where he shot it down and held his coat before it—I staid there—the prisoner took it up, and went off down the Old Jewry with it—he put it on a post, and asked a woman the way to Fleet-street—I went up, and asked where he was going—he said, to Mr. Jackson, of Fleet-street—I asked if he had any bill of parcels—he said he had been with his master but a month, and he generally put the bill in the parcel—he then said I might take it to the watch-house—I said no, he should take it himself—he then threw it at me, and it struck me on the knee—he got off, but was stopped a few yards off.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had the other man that ran away any thing? A. No—there was a dog with him—I did not go back to the door-way to search if there was any more—I saw no more but these three reams—I am sure the prisoner did not say his name was Jackson—I said before the Magistrate that the other man made a signal to him.





THOMAS FRANKLYN
. I am wagoner to Richard Parker and Forster, of Hambro' Wharf—I cannot swear that is the bundle of paper I had, but I

lost one going from Old Change to the wharf—there were six reams in the bundle—I missed it at the bottom of Queen-street, at ten minutes or a quarter past eight o'clock in the evening—I had been carrying the paper to Mr. Hunt's, in Sea-coal-lane—they refused to take it—I took it back to the wharf.

Cross-examined. Q. It may have fallen off your cart? A. No; the tail-ladder was fastened up—I was attending to my cart all the way, and my horses—the tail-ladder was let down—I should not think it fell down—I saw no man near my waggon—there were two bundles, this is one of them—the other had three more reams in it—I do think it could fall. it was so far in the wagon, and covered with a cloth—it was about a foot from the tail.





JOHN HUNT
. I am assistant to John and Thomas Hunt, of Sea-coal-lane, wholesale stationers. This paper is similar to what we sent to a customer—it was delivered at Hambro' Wharf, and, by some delay, the customer would not receive it, and it came back on the 24th of August, between four and five o'clock—my father would not receive it—the man took it back in the wagon that brought it—I know the paper from the progressive numbers, and I remember the stain on the corner of it—this is three reams.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you examined all the paper in that wagon? A. No; I examined this at the Police-office, not at my own house—I did not enter these numbers in my books, but we compared it with what we have in our house—each ream is marked singly—the marks are such as to enable me to swear positively to the paper.





EDWARD BANNISTER
. I am foreman to Messrs. Parker and Forster. I saw the paper in the wagon, at the Old Change—this is the same sort of paper as he had.

Prisoner. I was coming from my sister's—a man had a parcel, and asked me to carry it to Fleet-street—he tole me to follow him—he took me down this turning, and when he saw me in custody he ran away.
(George Fox, a silk-weaver, of Carlisle-street; Thomas Hadey, a silk-weaver, of Carlisle-street; and James Godfrey, silk-weaver, of Hope Town; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
