





2052. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, 1 bowl, value 1d., 3 half-crowns, and 4 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Rutherford
               




            .


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  STORMENT
               



            . I am sister-in-law of James Rutherford, a baker
, who lives in Golden-lane, Barbican


. On the 17th of October last I was in the parlour, between nine and ten o'clock; a person came into the shop, and found the prisoner behind the counter - I went out, and saw him at the street door; I then went to the desk, and missed the bowl, with about 16s. in it - a little boy raised an alarm, and a neighbour pursued the prisoner and brought him back; I went a little way in pursuit, but returned - I did not see him taken, but I am certain he is the same person as I saw at the door; I had seen the bowl of silver safe, about ten minutes before.


                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was nearly opposite the prosecutor's door - I saw the prisoner come out of his shop; I pursued him, and the Policeman took him - the prisoner dropped this bowl on my foot; a woman came up and said, "Lord bless you, that is not the man," and she threw some snuff into my eye; a young man in the crowd wrested one shilling from the prisoner's hand.


                  JOHN 
                  EASTOFF
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I heard the alarm, saw the prisoner running, and came in a line with him - he turned into a short street; I was not five yards from him - I saw him drop this bowl, and one shilling was found in his hand.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORTON
               



            . I am a City-constable. I took the prisoner and this bowl; he had no shoes or stockings on, but I found a boot in each of his pockets, which exactly fitted his feet.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  STORMENT
               



            . I can swear to this bowl.
Prisoner's Defence. I turned up a street in Golden-lane - a boy ran by me; there was a cry of Stop thief! and they took hold of me - a woman, who had seen the other boy run, said "Lord bless you, that is not him;" I had my boots off because there were two or three nails in them, and I could not wear them; I had only come to town on the Saturday night, from the other side Nottingham.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
