





1215. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MAPLESTONE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 1 watch, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     Bergman
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN BERGMAN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Bergman
               



            ; he is trumpeter in the 2nd Life Guards
 - we live in Park-place


. On the 27th of May I was speaking to a woman in my room; it rained, and she went down stairs with me - she asked me what time it was; I went up to see, and the watch was then safe - the prisoner was then in the room with my husband; he bade my husband good afternoon, and went away - when I went up again the watch was gone.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ROBERT 
                  CURRIE
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the prisoner's lodgings on the 28th of May, at No. 2, Meard's-court, Piccadilly; I asked the prisoner if his name was Maplestone - he said No; I said, "From your appearance I think you are the man I want;" he said, "What do you want" - I said, "You are charged with robbing a trumpeter of the 2nd Life Guards, of his watch;" he denied all knowledge of it - I said he must go down to the barracks; as soon as the prosecutrix saw him she said he wasthe man - I asked him if he had pawned any watch; he said No - I went towards a pawnbroker's, where the prosecutrix said she had heard a watch had been offered; the prisoner then asked if I would allow him to make it up -I said No, and said,"What have you done with it?" he said he had pawned it at a shop opposite the chapel, in Broadway, Westminster, which was Mr. Williams - he said afterwards that he denied his name because he was in debt.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This watch was pawned with me by the prisoner, on Thursday last - he said it was his own, and had been in the family many years.
Prisoner. The prosecutor told me that if I would make it up, I might - the proof of pawning, is not a proof of taking it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
