



1277. 




JOHN STILES



 was indicted for feloniously receiving of an evil-disposed person, on the 
30th of April, 6 lambs, value £9, the property of 




William Walton, well knowing the same to have been stolen.

(MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.)





WILLIAM WALTON
. I am a farmer, residing at Chigwell in Essex. On Friday the 29th of April I had a number of sheep and lambs—on the Monday I missed six lambs—when I send lambs to market I mark them—I sent eight lambs to market—they were returned, and two of them were of the six that were lost—I came to Newgage-market on Monday—I afterwards went to Curnell's and found the skins of six lambs—there were two of the returned eight—I believe the other four were mine, being the same colour and fleece, and in every respect corresponding with the others—(Curnnell was tried and acquitted)—I afterwards saw Day—he was tried and convicted of receiving these six lambs, knowing them to have been stolen—after I and Kentish had seen Day, we went to the King Harry the Eighth public-house, in the Mile-end Road—the prisoner was ostler there—he was not there—I was walking up and down—Kentish found him, and I went in, and they were in conversation—I went to the prisoner and asked him if he had any knowledge of any lambs that had been stolen—he said, no, he had not—I said it was useless his denying it, I could tell him the name of the person that had them from him—I then said it was a man of the name of Day, who lived somewhere in Hoxton—he still persisted that he knew nothing of the lambs, nor of Day—the officer, Kentish, then said, "You must go along with us"—the landlord afterwards came out, and said to the prisoner, "You had better tell Mr. Walton the whole of it, but don't prejudice yourself at all, but tell the whole of it"—Kentish said, "What ever you say, I shall be obliged to give in evidence, therefore don't prejudice yourself"—the prisoner then said that he had them from Mr. Mason's wagoner or carman from Chigwell—Kentish brought him to the Compter.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I think the first question you asked was, if he had any knowledge of any lambs that had been stolen? A. Yes—when we were before the magistrate, I charged four person with having received these lambs—I was sworn, and signed my deposition—the charges have been separated, but I had nothing to do with it—when the landlord told him he had better tell the whole truth, I do not know that any one told him he need not give any answer at all—I told the landlord, it was disreputable for him, that these lambs should be at his house—he replied he knew nothing of it—I did not see the lambs at his house—I have not charged any body with stealing these lambs—I lost them on the 29th or 30th of April, and this conversation was on Monday, the 2nd of May, two days afterwards.





JOHN BENJAMIN KENTISH
. I am the beadle of Newgare market—I remember the inquiry on the 2nd of May, respecting these lambs—I

went to Curnell's house, where the skins were found—I then went to Day's and ultimately, to the King Harry the Eighth, public-house, where I saw the prisoner—I asked him if he knew John, the ostler—I was dressed in plain clothes, and he was at the front of the house—he replied, that he knew John—I told him, I understood that he had gone up the road on horseback—he made no reply, but walked directly through the house, into the stable-yard—I went into the front entrance of the yard, and saw the prisoner conversing with another man—I then asked the prisoner if his own name was not John, and whether he was not the ostler there—he replied, "Yes—I said, "Why did you not tell me so, when I spoke to you in the front of the house?"—I asked him if he had disposed of any lambs to any person with in the last few days—he replied, that he had not—I asked him if he had sold any to a man named Day—he replied, he had not, and he did not know any thing about any lambs whatever—during this conversation, Mr. Walton came up—I said, "This is John, Mr. Walton, "—I then told the prisoner, what some lambs had been stolen from that gentleman, and that I had traced them to a man of the name of Day, who said that he had bought them of him—he replied, "I know nothing at all about them"—I took him into the house, to his master, and told his master I was going to take his ostler to Town, on suspicion of receiving stolen lambs—the master replied, "What's that to me?" I told him that—I acquainted him, through courtesy, that his business should suffer no neglect—he then said to the prisoner, "John, if you have had any dealings with any lambs, confess the truth"—I told the prisoner that, whatever he might say, I should give in evidence against him—he then said, that the had them left by Mr. Mason's wagoner early on Saturday morning, who told him that he was to do the best he could with them—Mr. Walton had put some questions to the prisoner—the public-house is in the direct road from Chigwell to Town.

Cross-examined. Q. At what part of this conversation was it, that Mr. Walton came in? A. During the time that I was asking the prisoner if he had disposed of any lambs—I think I have repeated the principals part of the conversation—I do not recollect any thing further—the landlord did not say any thing about prejudicing him, to my knowledge—I was the first that cautioned the prisoner—I am sure of that—I did not tell the prisoner he need not answer, with out he liked—neither the skins nor the lambs were produced to the prisoner.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did he deny any knowledge of any lambs whatever? A. Yes.
(John Mills, of Commercial-road, and George Mark Peering, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
, Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
