




2118. 




JANE HUGHES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of August, 8 shirts, value 1l.; 3 flannel shirts, value 7s.; 3 shawls, value 7s.; 2 pairs of boots, Value 4s.; 7 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 2 blankets, value 5s.; 3 books, value 8s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 2s.;1 sheet, value 3s.;6 pairs of stockings, value 5s.; 2 yards of calico, value 1s.; 1 watch, value 1l. 5s.; 2 rings, value 1l.; 1 milk pot, value 12s.;3 coats, value 17s.; 3 gowns, value 15s.; 2 jackets, value 8s.;1 pair of breeches, value 8s.;3 frocks, value 6s.; 2 petticoats, value 2s.;1 necklace, value 2s.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 2. waistcoats, value 4s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; and 1 spectacle-case, value 6d.; the goods of 




Abraham Hughes
: and 



JOHN CHAMBERS



 as an accessory after the fact.



MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





ABRAHAM HUGHES
. I live at No. 29, Wellclose-square, in the parish of St. John, Wapping, and am a waterman. I have lived in that neighbourhood about twenty years—the prisoner Hughes is a daughter of mine—on Thursday morning, the 17th of August, I went to my work, and told her to get me a shirt—I put it on and went to my work—when I got there I pulled off my jacket, and found my shirt all ragged, and said, "This shirt I must have left off two years ago"—I did not see the male prisoner till Saturday, the 19th of August—on Sunday morning, the 20th of August, I received some duplicates from my daughter Mary Ann—I have seen the property produced—the whole of it is mine—I have never authorised my daughter to pawn any property of mine within the last twelve months—I had redeemed some that she took there before—I know nothing of the man any more than he was pointed out as the person that was always in company with her.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did the female prisoner leave you? A. On the 17th of August—she had been living in my house before that for twelve months, sleeping there, and I keeping her and working for her—I gave her no authority to pawn these things—I did so two years ago perhaps—I have never known my daughter pawn things and bring them home again for these last twelve months—those duplicates relate to these articles.





MARY ANN HUGHES
. I am the daughter of Abraham Hughes, and shall be sixteen years old on the 20th of December next. I remember being ex amined before the Magistrate—on the Thursday morning week before I was examined I left my father's house—just before this my sister, the prisoner, took away some shirts—she had taken things at other times—I knew the prisoner for Chambers about two or three months—he has often been with my sister—on the morning of the Sunday before I was examined I saw him at the top of Wellclose-square—I asked him if he knew where my sister was—he said, "Yes"—I asked him if he would tell me—he said he would tell me to-morrow—he asked me what I wanted with her—I told him to get the tickets—he put his hand in the tail of his coat, and brought me out the tickets—there were twenty-nine, I believe—he said he got them from my sister—he told me where my sister was—I saw him again the next day but not to speak to him.

Cross-examined. Q. What day was it these articles were taken? A. They were taken almost every day—I did not mention it to my father—it had gone on more than six months—I do not remember the 1st of August—my father had not missed the property—she might bring back such things as she thought her father wanted—she lived in the house till the 17th of August—when I asked this man for the duplicates, he gave them to me—I do not know of eight shirts being taken at once—only one or two.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know when these shirts were take? A. I cannot say the day of the month—it was three or four weeks ago.





WILLIAM RAWLINGS. I
 am shopman to a pawnbroker, and produce eighteen articles pledged at Mr. Bradley's, where I live—I believe by the

female prisoner—they consist of neckcloths, white shirts, coloured shirts, a milk-pot, and other articles.





JOHN ANDREWS
. I am an assistant to Mr. Telfer, a pawnbroker. I pro dluce some coats, jackets, and a variety of articles, chiefly wearing apparel pawned by the female prisoner—as far as my knowledge extends, the first date was the 1st of July, 1836, the last some time last August—there is one of the duplicates dated August 14.





ABRAHAM HUGHES

re-examined. This is all my property—here are four white shirts and eight coloured ones—this silver milk-pot is mine—it is marked with my name and my wife's name.

HUGHES—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.




Transported for Seven Years.

CHAMBERS—


NOT GUILTY
.
