





261. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     INSTANT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 2 candlesticks, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Brees
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BREES
               



            . I live at No. 25, West-street, Smithfield


, and am an ironmonger
. The prisoner was in my employ for three months - he lodged and boarded in the house; I found one candlestick in his coat pocket, and the other in his hat, about nine o'clock in the morning of the 10th of December; his coat and hat laid in a corner of the shop at that time - I set an officer to watch him; he afterwards left the shop; I went after him - the officer stopped him, and produced the pair of candlesticks; when they were in his pocket they had a paper round them, with my private mark on it, but when the officer produced them the paper was not on them; he said it was his first offence.
GEORGE LOCK. I am a constable. I followed the prisoner through Field-lane, Farringdon-street, over Blackfriars-bridge, and just by Christchurch he took one candlestick from his left-hand pocket, and then another from his hat; he went into a pawnbroker's, and I followed him- he asked for 1s. on them; I asked how he came by them - he said he bought them in the Strand, for 2s.; I asked where - he said, "That is of no consequence;" I asked his master's name - he said, "That is of no consequence;" I said, "I can tell you your master's name;" when his master saw him, he said, "It is the first time;" I found in his pocket the paper that had been round the candlesticks; and I found ten duplicates in his hand, all for candlesticks; most of them have been given up to the prosecutor.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 55. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
