



933. 




MARY CATTLE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of March, 1 piece of handkerchiefs, value 1l. 4s., the goods of 



William Stratton and other.






FRANCIS STRATTON
. I live at No. 430, West Stand, in the employ of Messrs. William Stratton and co., linen-drapers. On the morning of the 19th of March, the prisoner, in company with another girl, came to look at some silk handkerchiefs; and, from information I received from a young man, I watched, and saw the prisoner take this piece, of seven silk handkerchiefs, from the counter, and conceal them under her shawl—they are worth 24s.—they being to Mr. William Statton and two other persons, his partners—the prisoner was given into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did not this woman bargain for some edging? A. I believe she did, but I did not hear the conversation, I was behind the counter—nothing was purchased by either of them, there were others in the shop—I did not call out, "You have got a piece of handkerchief"—I said nothing to the prisoner—nothing was said by any of the other shopmen—a policeman was sent for—I cannot say whether she was told she must not leave the shop—Mr. Stratton spoke to her and was detaining her—they were both desired to walk further up into the back shop by Mr. Edwards, and they did so—I had forgotten all this before—she went voluntarily into the back shop—nothing was found on them—I did not see them drop any thing, my attention was not particularly directed to them when the handkerchief was dropped.





WILLIAM EDWARDS
. I am a shopman in the same employ—there are no shop-woman—I went within a yard of where the prisoner and the

other woman were standing—I heard Mr. Stratton say to the prisoner, in the presence of her companion, that he had been told by one of the young men. that she had a piece of silk handkerchief about her person—the prisoner denied it—a policeman was sent for—in the mean time the prisoner got up from where she was sitting—there was nothing on the floor, nothing on either of the chairs, and nothing on the counter within a yard of her—in a few minutes they stood up again, and I saw the handkerchiefs in the act of dropping between the counter an the prisoner's person—they were desired to go into a back shop, where they staid till the policeman came—I will swear they fell from the prisoner's person.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you on the same side as she was? A. No, on the other side of the shop, behind the other counter.





THOMAS VIVAN
 (police-constable C 58.) I received the prisoner in charge, and produce this piece of silk handkerchief?—I found 2s. 6d. on each of them.

Cross-examined. Q. what became of the other woman? A. She was committed, but the bill against her was thrown out.

Prisoner's Defence. I can assure you I never had the handkerchiefs in my hand—I was looking at some red ones, and the young woman bought one, which he said was half-a-crown—I then asked for a bit of edging—he pushed the handkerchiefs along, and they fell near the feet for another lady.





WILLIAM EDWARDS
. I can undertake to say that they fell nearer the prisoner than any other person—it fell close to her—she had a shawl on, under which it must have been hidden under when she first got up.

JURY. Q. Were there any handkerchiefs on the counter at the time? A. There were not—as I stated before, the counter had been cleared of them, as soon as it was said the had got some—I did not have her shawl opened when she got up the first time.





FRANCIS STRATTON

re-examined. Q. You have sworn that you actually saw the prisoner put this under her shawl? A. I did—it is true.

Prisoner. I did not, I can assure you—the handkerchief was full two yards from me, and was pushed along past Davies's elbow—the box the edging was in was pushed by—he would not show the edging to me—the gentleman said, "If you have got them give them up, I will let you go" I said, "I have not got them?"—he then said to the young gentleman, "Are you sure you saw her take them"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Why did you not come and take them from me?" I held my shawl quite open, and said I had not got any thing of the kind-the handkerchief he cut off was half-a-crown, which she had in her hand, and the policeman would not let her pay for it.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
