



2482. 




JOHN PRICE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of August, 7 1/2 yards of lace, value 7l.; and 1 shawl, value 15s.; the goods of 



John Howell and others, in their dwelling-house.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SEDGWICK
. I am a partner in the firm of John Howell and three others—our house is in Regent-street—it is our dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. James, Westminster. The prisoner came to us in February last, as town traveller—for some reasons, on the 19th of August, at seven o'clock in the evening, I paid him his wages, and sent him off.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You discharged him on the

instant? A. Yes—as town traveller it was part of his duty to take out the goods, to leave at the houses, on sale or return, to the people who were customers, whose names were given to him—he might have shown goods to other persons—the goods remained with the persons two or three days, or sometimes longer—they should not be left more than four or five days—the town travellers take them from the counter themselves—if a person had not made up his mind whether he would take an article or not the traveller was not to communicate it to me—provided he accounted for it, or the property was forthcoming, I should be satisfied—this lace does not bear my shop mark, but the shawl does—I discharged the prisoner on the Monday night—I did not make any demand till I saw him at the station-house.

MR. DOANE. Q. Was it his duty, after you had discharged him, to take goods from your counter? A. No, not to take the lace, or any other articles.





HENRY ASBRIDGE
. I am in the prosecutor's service. I remember the prisoner being discharged about seven o'clock that Monday—I saw him leave the premises about a quarter to nine o'clock—he had a brown paper parcel under his arm—I saw a brown paper parcel the next morning similar to the one he took out—I cannot swear to it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did he conceal it? A. No, he carried it in the usual way.





GEORGE BAILEY
. I keep the Unicorn public-house in Jermyn-street, which is very near the prosecutor's in Regent-street. On Monday, the 19th of August, about nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner brought a brown paper parcel to my house, and as he left he said, "I will leave this parcel here till the morning, and then I will call for it"—I took charge of it—I saw Mr. Parker in the evening, and gave it to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is it unusual for young men to leave parcels? A. Not very—both the prisoner and Parker used to dine there sometimes.





JAMES WILLIAM PARKER
. I am in the prosecutor's service. I received the parcel from Mr. Bailey—it contained three pieces of lace, one of which was 7 1/2 yards, which has our mark upon it—the value of it is 5l.—here is the shawl, and some gloves—they are altogether worth more than 10l.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were they in the rumpled state they are now? A. Yes—I may have said I would rather give 50l. than come here, but not more than once—may be I have said so, but I do not know to whom—I have succeeded to the prisoner's place.





WILLIAM JONES
. I work for Messrs. Whitbread and Co., and live in Red Lion-square. On Tuesday, the 20th of August, about eight or nine o'clock, the prisoner came to me and brought his boxes and two bate, and left them there, and said he would be there in the evening—they were left in the first floor, where I live—no one had access to that room after the prisoner put his boxes there but my wife's niece and myself—Callaghan came there—he found something in one of the hats.
(John Stirling, a warehouseman, of Conduit-street; Thomas Gallin, of Burlington-arcade, an engraver; Thomas Powell, of Farringdon-street, and William Jenkins, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years. (There were three other indictments against the prisoner.)
