



704. 




THOMAS HOWLEY
 was indicted

for stealing, in the 
27th of February, at 
St. George's, Hanover-square, 2 £5 Bank-notes, the property of 



James Robertson Crawford, in the dwelling-house of 



Mary Urquhart.








CAPTAIN JAMES ROBERTSON CRAWFORD
. I am an officer in the Grenadier Guards. On the morning of the 29th of February. I was lodging at No. 2, Charles-street, Berkeley-square, in the dwelling-house of Mr. Urquhart—the prisoner was my brother's servant, who also lodged there—I had left these Bank-notes in a small box, on my writing table, and had counted them on the Friday preceding—there was 25l. in £5 Banknotes, and on the 29th I missed two of them—I dept them in a box with a spring lock—it appears I had left the box ajar occasionally, with the spring not pressed down—in consequence of missing these Bank-notes, I went for an officer—I said I had received them with three others, which were in this box—that they were usually delivered in a sequence of numbers, and no doubt they were fellows to the other numbers—the officer found a £5 Bank-note in the bottom of the prisoner's fob, which was the first of those I had had—I had questioned him about them—he said he knew nothing of it—the one found on him was produced to him, and he said he had taken it from my box.





CHARLES DEWING
. I am a police-inspector, and was sent for. I found the boy on the premises, which are in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—Mrs. Mary Urquhart keeps the house—I found one £5 Bank-note in his fob—he told me it was his own, that he had saved it from his wages, and had had it five months—I asked if he could read and write—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Can you tell the number, or what bank it is of?"—he said, "No;" but he thought it was the Bank of England—Captain Crawford then said if it was his, the two first figures were two one's—the prisoner at first said he took it from a house in the Strand; and then he said he took it from the Captain's box—the second note was afterward found in the prisoner's trunk.





CAPTAIN CRAWFORD
. These are my notes, to the best of my knowledge—I have the other three of the same date—these are the first and last notes of a series of five.

COURT
to
CAPTAIN CRAWFORD
Q. How long have you lodged at Mrs. Urquhart's? A. Betweeen tow and three years—her name in Mary—she has no other name—she is a widow.
(Henry William Crawford, the prosecutor's brother, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 14.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury
. 


Transported for Life.
