





457 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .


                     JAMES 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
            . I am a brewer
, and live on Islington-green. The prisoner was in my service as drayman
; he carried out beer, and had to receive money, for which he was to account on the day he received it; he kept one book and I kept another which I have here.


                  ANN 
                  BURRELL
               



            . I live in Upper Seymour-street


. I paid the prisoner 9s. on the 23rd of November; he gave me this receipt - (read.)


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KISS
               



            . I live with Mr. Freeman. I paid the prisoner 18s. on the 6th of December; I gave him a sovereign, and he gave me 2s.; he gave me this receipt - I saw him sign it - (read.)


                  MARY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I paid the prisoner 6s. on the 26th of November - he signed this receipt, and gave it me - (read.)


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . He ought in the course of the same days to have paid those sums to me or to my clerk; he did not pay this on the 23rd of November, nor give me credit for it - I called to his memory this bill of Mr. Freeman's, and he gave me 9s. of it, and said that Mrs. Freeman intended to pay for one cask under another - he did not pay me this sum on the 26th of November; he had been about six months with me.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOLLOWAY
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Griffiths. I did not receive any of these sums of the prisoner.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . The prisoner did not pay me any of these sums.
Prisoner. I am no scholar; the clerk used to go round with me to sign the receipts - then he left offgoing round, and used to write out a great many receipts for me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MR. GRIFFITHS. I lost a great number of pigeons, some hay and corn, and was informed the prisoner carried them away; I have a number of other cases of embezzlement against him.
