





1160. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 34 lbs. weight of wax candles, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Hamilton 
                           Chichester
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, commonly called Earl of Belfast
, his master
            .
THOMAS DAVIS. I was house-steward
 to 
               
                  George 
                  Hamilton Chichester
               



            , Esq., Earl of Belfast. I left his service on the 12th of March last - the prisoner succeeded me in that capacity; I gave him an inventory of the various articles which had been in my care, and among the rest was twenty-one papers, containing 6 lbs. each of wax candles; on the 17th of April Lord Belfast sent for me - the prisoner had then left his service; I looked at the inventory, and upon calculating the consumption of the house, a great number of candles were missing - I found a bill of some tallow candles and some soap had from Mr. Tucker; I went there, and found some wax candles, which I believe were what I had left at Lord Belfast's.
Prisoner. Q.How long afterwards did you go to Mr. Tucker's? A. I think on the Thursday following, which was two days after the prisoner had left.
HENRY GOODEVE. I am porter to Mr. Tucker, a tallow-chandler, in South Molton-street. In consequence of some directions which I received from Pavey, I went to Lord Belfast's on the 17th of April; I saw a bricklayer, and asked for the butler - the prisoner came to the door - he asked what I came for; I said from Mr. Tucker's for the wax-ends - he went towards the door, and asked if I would have a pint of beer; I made no answer - he said, "Don't be a d-d fool, have a pint," which I did - he then went back; I went with him - we went to the steward's room, and he pulled open two drawers, and said"These are the wax-ends;" I saw they were entire candles - we put them into the basket, and I took them to Mr. Tucker - there were 34 lbs. of them; I delivered them to Pavey, and said I thought it was not all right - he said he thought so too; on the Thursday following I was ordered to take them back again to Lord Belfast's, and Clements the officer took them; they were the same candles - they had not been moved from the basket.
Prisoner. Q. At what time did you come for them? A. A little before ten o'clock in the morning; I did not go to another door before I saw you; you did not say that you supposed I should have been more cautions, nor did I say I fetched as good candles from other houses.
RICHARD PAVEY. I am shopman to Mr. Tucker. On the 9th of April I bought 8 lbs. of wax-ends of the prisoner for 10s. 8d., and on the 17th I sent the porter to Lord Belfast's, on seeing the entry in the order book, but I did not make the order, and do not know who gave it; the porter brought me back 34 lbs. of candles, and said he did not think it was all right - I was of the same opinion, and put the candles aside; they were given to the officer.
Prisoner. I saw this man in the shop while I was making the bargain with John Tucker to send for them the next day.
JOHN TUCKER. I am not master of the shop, but I live there. On the 16th of April the prisoner came and desired me to send to Lord Belfast's the next morning - he asked if I could send at nine o'clock; I said I would inquire, which I did of the man below, and entered the order in the book; I saw the basket when it was brought- we agreed that the candles should not be touched, as they were not wax-ends.
JOSHUA FREDERICK CLEMENTS. I am a Police-constable. I received the candles on the 19th, and took the prisoner on the Monday; while I was taking him to Marlborough-street office he said he took the candles tosell, to pay a little bill he owed to an under butler, and if I went to a house in Clarence-garden, I should find some pieces which he had broken off the first candles he had sold; I went there, and found them.
WILLIAM BODEY. I am under butler to Lord Belfast. The prisoner was house steward; I used to receive one pair of candles a day from him, but no more.
LORD BELFAST. The prisoner was my house steward; I certainly never allowed whole candles to be sold by any of my servants.
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
