






Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Bolland.
483. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KING
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     FRAYNE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Edgcomb
                        




                     
                  , on the 6th of February
, and stealing 1 watch, value 10s.; 10 spoons, value 24s.; 2 rows of beads, value 2s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 1 toothpick, value 1s.; 1 sovereign-balance, value 1s.; 1 pair of sugartongs, value 2s.; 1 pencil-case, value 2s.; 2 seals, value 4d.; 1 key, value 1d.; 3 coats, value 27s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 5s.; 1 hat, value 3s.; 1 shirt, value 2s., and 2 waistcoats, value 8s., his property
            .


                  HENRY 
                  EDGCOMB
               



            . I live at No. 2, Conduit-place, Paddington


. On the 6th of February I left my house at a quarter-past six o'clock at night - I left the doors locked, and went next door, where some of my family live, and about a quarter-past seven I sent my youngest sister into the house, at the back door, for some linen - I did not see her go in, but in about four minutes she came back without the linen, and alarmed me; I immediately went to the house - I entered at the back door, which was shut, but not fastened; I had not locked it, but only shut it with a latch - I am not sure it was latched - I found it ajar when I came back; on entering I saw three men coming down stairs - I was alone, and had no light; they had a lighted candle - I immediately collared the first who came down stairs, which was Frayne; I was immediately struck on the left arm with some instrument by the prisoner King, who was the other man - the blow fell rather heavy; I cannot say what instrument it was - it appeared in the shape of a hammer; King had the light, and threw it down - I have no knowledge of the other man - on receiving the blow I let go of Frayne; I took hold of him again, and then received another blow from King with the same instrument, on the right arm - I let go of Frayne again, but finding myself getting weak I called for help - they had then come down to the passage; this all happened in the passage - the front door was shut; I was between the back door and them - they could not get to it without passing me; my mother came, and she was immediately pushed against the side of the wall, and by the push and her fright she fell - Frayne then laid hold of me, pressed me against the front door, and the other man laid hold of my mother; King immediately unbolted and unlocked the front door, and they all three ran away - I examined the ground floor room, found the drawers had been taken out, and missed all the articles stated in the indictment (enumerating them) - nothing was taken from the other rooms; the clothes were taken off the bed, and the things pulled about - the bed-room is on the ground floor; I saw my property at the office, in possession of Thompson.
Frayne. Q. Did you see me come down stairs? A. Yes, you were the first who came down.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY THOMPSON
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prisoner King passed me on Sunday night, the 6th of February, near half-past six o'clock - I was standing at the corner of Earl-street and Salisbury-street, Lissongrove, about half a mile from Edgcomb's - he passed me two or three yards; I called him back knowing him, and asked what he had got about him (his appearance did not indicate that he had any thing) - he said it was all right; I put my hand into his trousers pocket, and felt a small crow-bar, called a jemmy, which I have here - I took him to the station; he unbuttoned his clothes as he went along- I suspected it was to slip out of his coat, and told him to button them up; he said, "I am not going to run away;" at the station-house I searched him further, and in the same pocket as the crow-bar I found six tea-spoons, two table-spoons, a silver watch, two salt-spoons, a pencilcase, two rows of beads, a sovereign-balance, two seals, and a watch-key: these were all in that pocket, and on his back I found this black coat, a black waistcoat, and the front of an under waistcoat - he had them on over his own clothes; he had two coats and two waistcoats, besides his own - I found a black and a yellow silk handkerchief in his hat; the black one had a pad in it - I also found a toothpick, and a shirt pin; I asked how he came in possession of the property; he said he had picked it up - I took a hat from him, which belonged to Edgcomb - on the following morning I took him some tea down to his cell; he asked if I had found an owner - I told him I had, and I was sorry to find it was so bad against him; when he got to Marylebone-office, a constable was there with two hats, which had been left behind in Edgcomb's house - he is not here; I received a hat from that constable, and knowing King wore such a hat I presented it to him, and said,"King, take your hat, and give me that you have on," which he did - he gave me Edgcomb's hat, and took the one I presented to him; I do not know whether he heard the conversation between me and the constable about the hat - after I took King I went to different stations to find out where the robbery had been committed; I was directed to the prosecutor's, and in consequence of information I went to the Sun, in Lisson-street, about half-past ten o'clock on the night of the robbery, and saw Frayne with two others sitting in one of the boxes; I did not then suspect him, and did not take him - he was afterwards taken by Webster.
King. The hat he gave me did not belong to me - he took the other off my head, and said it belonged to another man. Witness. I gave him his hat, and he gave me the other in return.


                  HENRY 
                  EDGCOMB
               



             re-examined. When I came to examine the house I found they had entered it at the front, for I locked the front door myself when I went away, but did not bolt it, the bolts being inside; I went out at the back door - I am positive I did not bolt the front door, but when I came into the house I found it was bolted; I saw King make towards the door, but whether he unbolted it I cannot say; I had gone to it, and found it bolted - then they seized me, and I saw them remove the bolts top and bottom; I heard the bolts drawn back - all these things are mine, and what I lost that night; the scuffle continued about ten minutes - I am positive the prisoners are two of the men; my mother did not bring a light when she came- it was on Sunday.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I apprehended Frayne at the Sun, Lisson-street.
Frayne. He said he had a charge against me for house-breaking on Sunday evening; I said, I knew nothing about it; that I was in bed - I got up and washed myself at eight o'clock, and came out. Witness. He said he was not well, and that he went to bed at eight, not that he got up at eight - he denied the robbery.


                  JANE 
                  PRATT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Pratt
               



            , and live next door to Edgcomb. On the Sunday night on which the house was robbed, I was standing at my door, at four o'clock in the afternoon, and saw King pass with two others, who I do not know.
King's Defence. All I have to say is, this young man at my side is innocent - he is taken for the wrong man. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.
JURY to MR. EDGCOMB. Q. In what part of the passage did you first see Frayne? A. He had one foot on the stairs, and the other on the floor; King threw the candle down, but it did not go out.


                  PRUDENCE 
                  FRAYNE
               



            . I live at No. 19, Queen-street, Edgware-road - I am Frayne's mother - he lives with me, I understood at the office that this robbery was committed last Sunday night week, the 6th; my son dined with me and my husband that Sunday, between one and two o'clock- he went out after dinner, returned again a little afterthree, and complained of a pain in his back - he went to lay down on the bed, in the same room as we were sitting in and had dined in; I was not out that afternoon - I called him about seven o'clock, to have some tea; he said he would not get up then - he got up about eight o'clock, had his tea, washed himself, put on his shirt and handkerchief, and went out.
Q. How do you know the time of night? A. I have a clock in the room; I said, "Don't go out to-night, for it rains very fast;" he was not out of my sight from three o'clock till after eight - I have no witnesses, for nobody came into the room while he was laying down; my husband does not live at home - he is a servant; he was at home that day - the bed is in the same room; I was reading, and did not go to sleep myself.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . This woman lives rather better than a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's - it is nearer half a mile; she gave evidence at the office.
KING - 


               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FRAYNE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
