





148. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, 1 jacket, value 15s.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; 1 cap, value 1s., and 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William John 
                     Howey
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HOWEY
               



            . I live on board the barque Yvoca


 - she came from Bombay. The prisoner came on board on the 11th of November - I had known him before, but had not spoken to him; I was cooking when he came, and I gave him some dinner; I afterwards went on the forcastle, and he came and spoke to me there - I had a jacket there - he observed it was a good one; I then went on shore with him, but he left me before I got out of the docks; when I returned on board the vessel, I found an axe by the side of my chest, which had been broken open with the axe, I believe; I missed my jacket, trousers, cap, shirt, some knives, stockings, and other things - they had all been safe when I left the vessel in his company; he was afterwards taken, and he had my cap, waistcoat, shirt, stockings, and trousers on - these are them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKENSON
               



             (Police-constable H 11). I took the prisoner at No. 3, Brown Bear-alley, in bed with a girl of the town; I told him to get up, and he put on these clothes, and said they were his own.
Prisoner's Defence. I went on board, and he gave me some dinner; I returned on shore, and went into the Anchor and Hope, public-house; a young man came in with these things, and asked two or three persons if they would buy them; he at last came to me - I gave 10s. for them, and put them on.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN HOWEY
               



            . When he came to me he was very poorly clad, and said he was glad to pick up all he could - I gave him a dinner, because he had not the means of getting one.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
