




1538. 




JAMES MONINGTON
 and 



GEORGE HUGHES
 were indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Tyler, on the 
1st of June, and stealing therein 44 yards of kerseymere, value 14l., his goods.






MARY TYLER
. I am the wife of William Tyler, he lives at No. 3, South-row, Carnaby Market, St. James's, Westminster, and is a tailor—the shop is part of the dwelling-house, and we occupy it. On the 1st of June I went to the next house, leaving nobody in the shop—I left the door closed—it has a spring lock, with a handle on both sides—it was fastened—you could not open it without turning the handle—there is a bell attached to the door—I heard the bell ring and looked out, and heard a man at the door say "Make haste"—I then went to our shop and saw a person standing at the door, with his hand on the door, which was half open, and as I got to the door I saw a man inside the shop with his hands on a piece of kerseymere—I can positively swear to the prisoner Monington—he was inside the shop—I heard the man outside say, "Make haste Tom, or Bill, or Jack," or something, I do not positively know which—I then went into the shop, and Monington had his hands on the kerseymere, which he had

removed from behind the counter, as it was there when I went out, at"the further end of the shop, but he had got it between the counter and the door—when I went into the shop I locked the door—the paper on the end of the kerseymere was moved a little—I called my husband, who sent a lodger for a policeman to take him into custody—I asked Monington what he wanted with that kerseymere—he said he had come in for the purpose of purchasing a small piece of drab cloth—he denied touching the black kerseymere—a policeman came in and he was taken to the station-house—the kerseymere was about three yards from where it was when I went out—when the other man found I had secured the man inside, he walked off.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure the door was (dosed A. I am quite certain—I went out at the private door myself, land was certain the shop door was fastened—I found it was fastened ten minutes before, when I tried it—a customer had been in and shut the door on going out, and I am certain it was shut, for I tried it before I went out. I laid hold of the lock and tried it—nobody came in after that—the bell I suppose was struck, for the door was slightly ajar—I am quite certain about where I left the kerseymere—my husband was up-stairs at work—I was not absent above a minute and a half—I found the kerseymere standing I on its end on the floor, and the prisoner's hands on it against the counter—I had left it on the ground against the wall—there had been time to go land move it before I was alarmed.





SARAH BURN
. I am the wife of John Burn, a tailor, living at No. 1, South-row. About half-past ten o'clock on Friday morning, the 1st of June, I saw the two prisoners go by our house—they went past Tyler's shop—I saw a crowd in front of Tyler's shop in about a quarter or half-an hour, and the prisoner Monington was in custody—I am quite certain of Hughes being with Monington.

Q. Did you not say with regard to Hughes that it was a young roan you believed to be Hughes? A. When I saw them afterwards together at Marlborough-street, I knew them to be the same.

Cross-examined. Q. That was when you were before the magistrate? A. That was when they were going along the passage to be locked up—I saw them both together before the magistrate when I gave evidence—I then saw that I saw the prisoner Monington in company with a young man, whom I believed to be Hughes—I was not perfectly satisfied before the magistrate—I am not mistaken—I swear quite positively to him—I have had no conversation with the policeman since I gave evidence before the magistrate.





JOHN COLLISON
. I am a policeman. On Friday, the 1st of June, I was sent for to Tyler's shop, about half-past ten o'clock—I received charge of the prisoner Monington and the kerseymere, and have had it ever since locked up in the station-house.





ANDREW VALLANCE
. I am a police-serjeant. On Friday the 1st of june, I was at Marlborough-street office, and saw Monington there getting into the van about a quarter-past five o'clock—I saw Hughes there—he said,?Good bye, Bill," speaking to Monington, as I should expect—I then took Hughea into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Because he said, "Goodbye, Bill," as you suppose? to Monington, you took him into custody? A. The prosecutor was with me at the time.






MARY TYLER

re-examined. This kerseymere is the property of my husband.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Is there any mark on this kerseymere? A. Yes—I know it well—it had not been opened since it came from the manufacturers, three weeks before.

MONINGTON —



GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix.
—


Transported for Seven Years.

HUGHES—


NOT GUILTY
.
