





761. 
               
                  JOSHUA 
                  TATTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 watch, value 40l.; 1 watch-chain, value 7l., and 2 seals, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Pitt
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  PITT
               



            . I live at Nos. 3 and 4, Portman-street, and am an ironmonger
. On the 23rd of February I was walking through Bainbridge-street


; the prisoner came from behind me, and snatched my watch from my pocket; I saw him have the watch hanging up before him, but I did not see his face; I followed him for half a mile at least, and round two corners; I saw the watch in his hand for the length of this Court; I followed him so close he had not time to put it away; I heard some persons running behind me; I lost sight of the prisoner, when he turned a corner, and I have no doubt he went into some house - my watch was gold, that, with the chain and seals cost me sixty guineas; I had a full view of the figure of the man, and his general appearance from his running that distance, and saw his dress; I gave a description of him at the station in less than three minutes; he had a blue close-bodied coat on; I saw the prisoner at three o'clock the next morning, at the station, and I have no doubt of his being the man.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe you were twice before the Magistrate? A. Yes - I do not think I said I would not swear he was the man; I said as I have now - I spoke from his figure and dress; there is nothing particular in his figure; I said I did not notice his trousers, but I thought they were drab; I have never seen my watch.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe you were twice before the Magistrate? A. Yes - I do not think I said I would not swear he was the man; I said as I have now - I spoke from his figure and dress; there is nothing particular in his figure; I said I did not notice his trousers, but I thought they were drab; I have never seen my watch.
WILLIAM JAMES (Police-constable E 17). I live at No. 19, Charlotte-street. I took the prisoner between two and three o'clock on the morning of the 24th of February, at Mr. Skull's soup-shop; he was sitting in the front shop, with a Brighton-beaver great coat on, and when he saw me go in, he dashed over the top of the table to make his escape to the back of the house; I had not spoken to him - he got throught one door, but I was close after him; he shut to the door so as to impede my following him - he then went to another door, which was bolted, and when he got to that he sat down with his hands over his head - it was quite dark; I stooped down, felt him, and sprang my rattle; we took him to the station - he made great resistance against being searched; I found on him a new Brightonbeaver coat - also seven sovereigns, and two half sovereigns in the stocking of his left foot, and two half-crowns in his pocket.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he drunk? A. I should not think him so - he had been drinking; I cannot say whether he was drunk or sober - I saw nothing to indicate that he had been drinking - I took the blue coat off him.


                  ANN 
                  GOMER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Gomer
               



            ; we live at No. 22, Buckeridge-street. I was attracted to the door by the cry of Stop thief! between nine and ten o'clock in the morning of the 23rd of February; I saw a gentleman who I have no doubt was Mr. Pitt, but he had a great coat on - he was pursuing a young man; I have known the prisoner seven or eight years; I believed then, and I believe now, that he was the young man, but I did not see his face; several persons called out Josh Tatton - he ran down Carrier-street; he had a blue coat on; from his dress and general appearance, I think he was the man - I have seen him often at my shop.
Cross-examined. Q.Though the name of 
               
                  Josh 
                  Tatton
               



             was called, he did not stop nor turn his head? A. No; if any one had called me I should have looked round - I did not see any watch.
MICHAEL BRYANT. I lodge at No. 2, New-street, St. Giles' - I attend the markets with a man named Hamilton. On the morning of the 23rd of February I was in the Hand and Crown public-house, Church-street, St. Giles'; I heard a cry of Stop thief! I went out, saw the prisoner running up Buckeridge-street, and the prosecutor following him - I pursued; I had known the prisoner well - he turned into Carrier-street, and I lost sight of him in Church-lane, at the bottom of Carrier-street; there is a house there - I went into the passage, saw a young man there, and the prisoner was showing him a watch; I waited, and saw him come out with an old raggerty white coat on, and go down Church-lane - I did not try to get him taken, as it is a bad neighbourhood, and several persons were following him; I should perhaps have got killed.
Cross-examined. Q. You know what a bad neighbourhood is? A. Yes, I have been in the habit of living in one - I told Mr. Pitt afterwards that I had seen the prisoner showing his watch; plenty saw it besides me, but no one else would come forward - I was in danger of my life for giving information; I have had two or three cracks through it, in my face from one man; I have been at the Horse and Groom, but not lately - the landlord never threatened to have me taken into custody: I have been charged with stealing a bottle of brandy - I was sent from Marlborough-street, but was not tried; I had a hearing before the Magistrate - I went before Mr. Laing at Hatton-garden on this charge; I never was there against my will - I have been there to hear about other persons, but I never was committed from there as a reputed thief.
MR. PITT. I called Stop thief! and a great many persons followed me, who had come out of their doors - at least one hundred people must have heard me - many looked out of their windows, but did not assist me.
EDWARD LYONS. I live at No. 16, Belton-street, Longacre. On the morning of the 23rd of February, I was in Buckeridge-street, and saw the prisoner running down- I have known him seven years, living in the neighbourhood; he had a watch in his hand, and ran down Church-street - he turned his head round once, and I saw his face:there were three or four persons running after the prosecutor; I gave information to the Policeman Baker, and we all went together, and I saw the prisoner in the soup-house - when he was running with the watch he had this blue coat on.
Cross-examined. Q. How near was the prosecutor to the prisoner? A. I suppose six or seven yards; the prisoner turned round - Mr. Pitt was the nearest person to him - he must have had a pretty good opportunity of seeing his face; when I saw the prisoner in the soup-house; he appeared as if he had been drinking - there were several persons there; I am a smith: I went to a shop once to buy a penny worth of something, and it turned out to be a bad sixpence - the people not knowing me gave me into custody; I know Mike Bryant, but I did not know that he had been taken there - I never heard of the brandy - I was sent to Tothill-fields from Friday till the following Thursday; I was never at Clerkenwell, only to find this bill - I never was employed by the Mint, but I gave information to the officers, and caused a party to be taken; I was not examined as a witness, and I got nothing - it was in the case of two women; it was eighteen months after I was taken up myself.


                  HENRY 
                  BAKER
               



            . (Police-constable E 44). I assisted to take the prisoner - he made great resistance to being searched.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you have any conversation with Lyont - A. I went into a coffee-house about eleven o'clock on the morning of the robbery - I saw Lyons, and he went with me; he had given me information before on a Mint case, about three months ago - I have heard that he has been taken up himself, but he did not tell me; he gave information to another officer in a Mint case, I think the Session before last; I have seen him examined as a witness.
Prisoner's Defence. When I was taken to the office they sent him after Mr. Pitt - he came, but could not swear that I was the person; he said I was about the same height and appearance - I wore drab trousers and a blue coat; I had a blue coat on, and a Brighton beaver coat over it - Mr. Laing remanded me, he made me put my hat on and turn round, and he said, "Is not that him? look at him now?" and then he said Yes; there were two or three more witnesses, and the Magistrate said they were parties concerned - I was rather intoxicated, and as I was too late to go home I went to the soup-shop, and asked if I could have a bed; I put my money in my stocking for safety, as I am not my own master - Bryant was looked upon as a party concerned with me, and I sent him with 6d. to get a breakfast.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
