





1741. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, 9 handkerchiefs, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Lawrence 
                     Kennedy
                  




               
            .


                  PHILEMON 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  Lawrence 
                  Kennedy
               



             - I heard these handkerchiefs were stolen, and went to the door; I saw the prisoner running - I went and took him; these nine handkerchiefs were found in the church-yard, by the side of which he had ran - I had seen them in the morning, and this was between twelve and one o'clock.


                  JAMES 
                  SCOTCHMORE
               



            . On the 14th of August I saw the prisoner running down Cox's-lane, about four doors from the prosecutor's - I did not see him do any thing; I went down the lane, saw the handkerchiefs laying in the church-yard, and picked them up - I saw the prisoner stopped as he was running.


                  ROBERT 
                  STOREY
               



            . I saw the prisoner take off his hat, and heave these handkerchiefs on the ground, not far from the prosecutor's door - I took it up, and was going to give it him, but the prosecutor's young man came out, and I gave it him.


                  MARY 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I was looking in the prosecutor's shop - I heard something crack, and the prisoner was taking the handkerchiefs from the door - he took them off the nail, and ran; he dropped a yellow silk handkerchief, about ten yards from the door - that was one I saw him take.
Prisoner's Defence. There were a great many people running - I ran, and a sailor stopped me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
