





2013. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     VICARY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 8 printed bound books, value 90s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Mactaggart
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  STENNETT
               



            . I am housekeeper to Captain


                  Thomas 
                  Mactaggart
               



            . The prisoner was employed at his house as a paper-hanger
 - there was an inquiry about books; I went to the book case in the back drawing-room - I found the lock half shot, and the door ajar; I missed eight volumes out of nine of Pope's works - the seventh volume was remaining; they were bound - I saw four of them at the Pitt's Head, and four were brought back the next morning by the prisoner's brother.


                  MARTHA 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . My husband keeps the Pitt's Head, in Brunswick-mews, near Bryanstone-square. The prisoner came to our house on Tuesday, the 27th of September, and brought two of these books; he asked me to have the kindness to take care of them, and he would call for them when he left work - on the following afternoon he brought two more, and said, "If you will have the goodness to take care of them I will call for the four when I leave work;" I sent my servant to watch where he went to, and he went to the prosecutor's, in Berkeley-street - the prisoner came about six o'clock in the evening, for the four books; I said I could not let him have them, as I had put them into a drawer in the bar, and my husband had taken the key and gone out; he said he was sorry, as he wanted them to read; I sent to the prosecutor to know if any books were missing, and I gave the same books to the officer.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I received information, and went to a house in Cheapside; I saw the prisoner there, and told him that Captain 
               Mactaggart
             had been robbed of some books since the workmen had been at his house, and I took him on suspicion of stealing them- he said he took four to read, and meant to return them; I said there were more than four lost - he said he had no knowledge of any more - here are the four I got from Mrs. Simpson's: these other four were taken back to the prosecutor's house.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did not intend to keep them, but to read them.



               GUILTY
            , Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
