



1277. 




GEORGE LITTLEWOOD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of March, 200lbs. weight of hay, value 7s. 6d., the goods of 



William Shore.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SHORE
. I am a farmer, living at Feltham. I have man in, my service of the name of Holmes—I had some sheep in my field, and on Saturday, the 9th of March, I directed some trusses of tare hay to be conveyed to those sheep, from a stack on my premises—it had been cut while it was in flower, and there was a layer of clover placed in it—I seat twelve trusses to the field, and on the next morning I received intelligence, went to the field, and found four trusses were gone—I observed some remains of hay about the premises—I traced it a long distance—I spoke to Thorp, the constable, and put him upon the track—I went with him within 400 or 500 yards of the prisoner's house, which is about a mile from the field where the sheep were, and in the way that he carried the hay I saw the tracks of the tare hay all the way I went—the prisoner keeps a beer-shop—I went into his shed—I found the tare hay there, nearly all we had lost—they had pulled the trusses to pieces, and his horse was eating it at the time—there was a portion of the clover layer among it—my hay was cut in the flower, if it had been ripe the con would have been in the ears, but here are the ears, but no corn—I desired the constable to take the prisoner into custody—I saw the prisoner on Monday morning, the 11th of March, at my own house—I asked him how he came by it—he said he did not know any thing about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How came he at your house? A. He came with the constable—I swear the hay that I saw at his shed was the same that I had on my premises—it was a very uncommon sort—I had inquired of all my neighbours—I never saw any like it in my neighbourhood.





WILLIAM HOLMES
. I am in the prosecutor's service. I remember his ordering me to cut this tare hay for the sheep—I cut the trusses from the rick—I knew the stack had a layer of clover in it—I put these twelve trusses under the rick, and sent them the following afternoon, by a boy, to the sheep field—I afterwards saw the hay found in the prisoner's shed-it was the same that I had cut.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you see it? A. When it was brought home—I sent the hay by a lad named William—I knew it by the layer of clover in it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you build the rick yourself? A. I helped to do it, and saw the layer of clover in it.





THOMAS CULVER
. I am sheep-boy to the prosecutor. On the Saturday afternoon, I was in the field, and received twelve trusses of tare bay. which I put under the cart in which I sleep—I went to supper about five o'clock—the hay was all right then—there were ten trusses—I had given the sheep two, I came back again, about half-past eight, some trusses were then gone, but I could not tell how many, as it was then dark—I did not go to tell my master that night, because I was afraid somebody would come and steal the sheep if I did—I staid with the sheep all night, and told my master in the morning.





ROBERT JAMLS THORP
. I am a constable of Feltham. The prosecutor

applied to me on Sunday, the 10th of March—I went near the prisoner's house, where I saw some tracks of tare hay—I traced them to the prisoner's yard—I went into the shed, where I saw some hay that appeared to be meadow hay, hut on removing that I saw some tare hay under it, there was about the quantity the prosecutor said he had lost—I sent for a horse and cart, and took away the hay, which the prosecutor identified—the prisoner was not at home, but I went and met him about one o'clock, as he was coming from church, I told him I must apprehend him on account of Mr. Shore's robbery, and I had found some hay on his premises—he said he did not know there was any hay on his premises—he then said it had grown in his garden, that he had had it in the yard all the winter, and a few days before he had placed it in the shed—he then told me he had bought it of his brother-in-law, Mr. Wicks, and then that he had bought it of Mr. Cromwell—I am judge enough of hay to know that there is not such hay as this in all the parish—I have inquired of all the neighbours round.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it the same sort of hay you traced? A. Yes, and some of it I traced over his gate into his garden.
(James Miller, a brewer, at Kingston-upon-Thames; and Charles Rye, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. * Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
