






1805. 




CHARLES SMITH,



 JAMES CLARK,



 JOHN LIDDIARD
, and 




MARIA WILLIAMS
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Thomas Reeve and another, about the hour of four in the night of the 
24th of May, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 65 spoons, value 16l.; 12 pairs of sugar-tongs, value 3l. 5s.; 8 watches, value 12s. 4s.; 4 pepper-boxes value 6l.; 1 wine-strainer, value 2l. 10s.; 6 seals, value 4l.; 27 rings, value 8l. 15s.; 6 brooches, value 7l.; 8 breast-pins, value 1l. 15s.; 1 snap, value 2s.; 1 watch-guard, value 10s.; 4 tooth-picks, value 8s.; 2 pencil-cases, value 5s.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 20 half-crowns, 80 shillings, and 36 sixpences; their goods and monies; and that Williams had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS REEVE
. I am in partnership with my brother, as pawn-brokers, in Gray's Inn-lane. On the 24th of May I went to bed about

half-past twelve o'clock at night—the front door of the home was fastened—I was called up next morning by my shopman, and found the tills were empty—I lost one sovereign, one half-sovereign, and 6l. 10s. in silver—there was some copper on the back-counter, two five-shilling papers of halfpence, and a few halfpence left in the till—the shutters were perfectly safe, as I had left them—I missed three dozens of silver spoons, three castors, wine-strainers, wedding-rings, and many other articles—the wedding-rings were fastened on a card, and laid in a jewellery-tray in the window—I saw a card, at Worship-street, in the policeman's possession, which has one of my private marks on the back of it, and I can swear it is one which had the wedding-rings on it—Pheasant-court is at the back of my house—I can see it from the back of my premises—I found the window, in the first floor back room, open, which was shut close the night before when I went to bed I am certain—it was not fastened—they must have got over two walls, and got up a skylight; to get to that window—the house next door was being repaired, and a ladder was left, by which means they could get over the walls on to the skylight, and open the window—the maid servant slept in the back parlour down stairs.





HENRY BODMAN
. I am shopman to the prosecutor. I was the first person who came down on the 24th of May, and missed property from the shop—I found the back-room window open—the shop was fast at it was the night before.





GEORGE BALL
. I am a policeman. On the morning of the 25th of May I was on duty in Wentworth-street, which leads to Petticoat-lane, and saw Clark and Williams walking together down Wentworth-street, in the direction of Petticoat-lane—Williams had the property now produced, tied up in two handkerchiefs—I turned up a court—they looked after me, then walked very fast, and kept looking back—I followed them, and at the corner of Petticoat-lane I laid hold of Williams, and asked what she was carrying—she made no answer—I laid my hand on her right arm, and felt something hard—I said, "What is that?"—she said, "I don't know"—I said, "Whose is it?"—she said, "That young man's," pointing to Clark, who was within bearing—I took the parcel, and brought Clark back to Williams, and asked him what the bundle was—he said he did not know—I asked How he came by it—he said he picked it up in Whitechapel—I requested him to go to the station-house, and Williams walked by the side of us to the station-house—I saw him speak to Harris at the station-house—the two bundles contained the plate produced—in going to the station-house they said they picked it up in Ben Jonson's-fields, which are at Stepney—this was at five o'clock in the morning—Clark gave his address, No. 6, Ernest-street, Regent's-park.





WILLIAM ROWLAND
. I am a policeman. I went to Gulston-street, Petticoat-lane, on the morning of the 26th of May, in plain clothes—I saw Smith, Liddiard, and a girl named Gilbert pass by roe, and as they passed I heard Liddiard say, "Hush, hold your tongue"—I followed them, and they separated—Liddiard went on first—I went up to Smith and Gilbert, and asked them where they had been—Smith said he had been to a public-house with the female prisoner to have a pint of porter—I asked if they knew each other before—they said they did not—Trew then apprehended Liddiard—all three were taken to the station-house, and there Liddiard said he lived in Pheasant-court, Gray's Inn-lane—I found that to

be true—they denied all knowledge of each other—I found five lucifer-matches in Liddiard's waistcoat pocket—I asked him what he used them for—he said to light his pipe—Gilbert dropped a chased ring from her mouth—I saw one found on Smith's finger, and one on Gilbert's finger.





GEORGE TREW
. I am a policeman. I was with Rowland, and saw the prisoners pass by—I took Liddiard, and asked him what he was waiting about there for—he said for his brother—I asked where he lived—he said in Pheasant-court, Gray's Inn-lane—I asked if he knew the other two prisoners—he said not—I took him to the station-house, and found a ring on Gilbert's finger, which I produce—she said a gentleman had given it to her—I found another ring on Smith's finger, which I gave Harris, and he gave it me back.





HENRY HARRIS
. I am a police-sergeant. I found the rings on the prisoners.





MARTHA GILBERT
. I am eighteen years old—I was taken up for this robbery on the morning of the 25th of May, and have come from prison—when I was taken up I lived in No. 1, Pheasant-court, Gray's Inn-lane, in the back-parlour—I could see Mr. Reeve's back premises from that house—I knew Clark, Smith, and Liddiard before—they all three lived up in the top garret, and Williams lived with me—the night before I was taken up, when I left home, about ten o'clock, I saw the three male prisoners in our room, sitting down—I returned home about two o'clock—I had been walking the street all that time—when I came home I found them all in my room, playing at cards, and Williams was playing with them—shortly after Clark got up, and said he was going out, but where I did not know then—they all three went out together, and returned in about a minute, and said there was a policeman—Clark asked Williams for a piece of candle, and the young girl who lived with Williams, and who she called her sister, said to Williams, "They are gone over to Mr. Reeve's back premises"—they had gone out with the candle then—I noticed that Liddiard had a lucifer in his hand before they went out—I did not see where he got it from—Williams gave him the candle—it was not lighted then—I went out again—I was not out a minute—I came back, and sat at my door—I afterwards went to Hoi born-hill, and came back again with the girl who lived with Williams—her name is Sarah—when I came back I saw Smith standing, looking at the other two prisoners, who were over the wall leading to Mr. Reeve's back premises—Williams was not there then—I next saw Liddiard coming over the wall, with a bundle of things, which he handed to Smith in the yard—at that time Williams was in bed—she slipped on her petticoats, and came into the passage just as they were getting over the wall—I am quite sure I saw Liddiard, Smith, and Clark there—Clark and Liddiard were over the wall, and Smith and Williams were in the court—when they came over the wall, Liddiard said to Smith, "I have done it"—Smith came into the room with a bundle of things, and went up to his own room with them—we all went up into his room together, and he opened the bundle on the bed—there were several watches, a lot of silver spoons and gold rings, and gold pins and things—the rings were all on cards—they were taken off the cards, and the cards torn up and burnt with the candle, and put on the side of the fire-place—Smith said he had better take the cards off the rings and burn them, or he should get found out with them—the things were then all tied up in two handkerchiefs

—he said, "Tell me, Maria, do you know where to put them away?"—Williams said, "I do know where to put them away"—a cab was hired, and we all five went away in it to Whitechapel—Williams left me, Smith, and Liddiard in Whitechapel, while she and Clark went to put the things away—I did not hear Clark, or any of them say any thing about where the things had been got—Clark said, that after he got over Reeve's wall, he went down stairs, and heard somebody snoring, and he took off his shoes, and walked gently along—he said he went down stairs into the shop, and took the watches and the silver spoons out of the window—he said nothing about money—Williams said to Smith, "May I give the girl Gilbert a ring?"—he said, "Yes;" and she gave it to me—I picked the one I dropped from my mouth off the floor, and thought it was no harm keeping it—the things were tied up in both of their handkerchiefs.

COURT. Q. When you saw Smith, Clark, and Liddiard go over the wall, where was Williams? A. In her room—she was inside the passage when they got over the wall—she could see them get over the wall—our passage is just opposite the wait—her sister went up stairs into the frontgarret, to watch—Williams was in her room—she had just got into the bed with her petticoat on, and she came out into the passage with her petticoat on, I suppose to watch for them—she could watch in the passage.

Smith. She first said Williams was in bed, and then she said she came back, and saw me and Williams in the court together; and after that she said the saw Williams in the passage—she does not mention where she saw me—I was not near the wall at the time. Witness. You got on the wall to help lift the bundle down.





WILLIAM BARTON
. I am a policeman. I went to Mr. Reeve's premises about twelve o'clock, on the morning of the robbery, and found a piece of candle on a ledge, under the first-floor back window, where it is supposed the thieves entered—I found a quantity of burnt paper strewed over the first and second floors, and the floor was burnt in places—I examined the house No. 1, Pheasant-court—I examined the wall opposite the house, and saw recent marks of footsteps—the wall was scratched in several places, where persons had climbed up very recently.





WILLIAM COLEMAN
. I am a police-sergeant I went to No. 1, Pheasant-court, after Gilbert made a statement at Worship-street Office—in the front attic there, behind a stove, I found a piece of card, two duplicates, a small screw-driver, and the blade of a knife—I have the piece of card here—I found particles of paper which had been recently burnt in the grate—it was more substantial than paper, it is rather card.





THOMAS REEVE

re-examined. This has part of my private mark on it—it is part of the card to which the rings were fastened—I have the cards in my pocket which were pulled off the plate and watches—some of the pieces remain on the property, and they correspond—I am positive of the property—here are the hooks on which they hung in the window—I am sure it is the property I lost—my house is in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn.

Williams's Defence. I was not out of doors, and did not know of the robbery being committed, till I was asked to carry the bundle, which a woman who lives in the front parlour knows.





SAMUEL PARKER
. I am a policeman. I have a certificate of Williams's

former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was at the trial—she is the person who was convicted.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

LIDDIARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

CLARK—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.






Transported for Fifteen Years.
