



2149. 




JAMES WHITELAW
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of September, 1 brass hook, value 6d.; 3 finger-plates, value 1s. 6d.; 4 lock plates, value 2s.; 2 escutchions, value 4d.; 11 brass table pins, value 2s.; 6 pieces of brass, value 2s.; 2 door-springs, value 10s.; 38 iron buttons, value 2s.; 50 screws, value 1s.; 50 nails, value 6d.; 12 pairs of hinges, value 2s.; 8 locks, value 10s.; 6d.; 1 pair of door-handles, value 9d.; the goods of 

our Lord the King—2 other COUNTS, stating it to belong to different persons.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






DAVID PHILLIPS
 (police-constable B 15.) I was on duty on the morning of the 8th of September, at ten minutes past one o'clock, in Palace-yard—I went round the shed which is used by the Commissioners of Woods and Forests, and heard a footstep—I saw the Prisoner going from there towards the water side—I went down to see who it was, and saw it was a waterman—I had no suspicion of him then—he called out to a man is a barge, "Go to bed," and some one cried out, "We are just come from bed—he said, "Is that the way you talk to me, your master?"—"Who are you? "cried one, "I will give you a toss for a pot of beer"—I thought all was not right, and I went round the yard, where I found this bundle, near the place where the prisoner had been standing—it contained these brass fittings in a handkerchief—I then looked about the carpenter's shop, and found two bolts, which had been taken out of it, close to the door—I called in M'Carthy—two boards in the shed had been taken down to enable a man to get in—I gave my lantern to M'Carthy to go in, and see if there was any one inside—I did not go in myself—I went round and saw the prisoner standing with another man, near the bridge, having a pot of porter together—I saw these finger-plates sticking out of the prisoner's jacket pockets—I said, "I shall take you on suspicion of breaking open the carpenter's shop "—he said nothing to that—I called a bridge watchman to my assistance, and in going along, the prisoner kept throwing these metal things out of his pockets, which I now produce—I stopped and searched him, and found all these articles which are in this basket—some came out of one of his pockets, and some out of another—he had some of them in his pockets, and some in the waterman's locker, which is about eight paces from the carpenter's shop—I found three keys on the prisoner, one of which opened the lock of the door of the waterman's locker—I found there these brass locks, and some pieces of iron, which I produce—I had not seen the prisoner before that night.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you say a word about the conversation between him and the man before the Magistrate? A. It was taken down—I signed it I saw two boards were taken up—I did not say any thing about that—I left that for M'Carthy—when I searched him he denied all knowledge of it—he made no answer the first time—I was in Palace-yard when this conversation was going on—I was standing close to him—I do not know whether he saw me—his back was towards me—I was alone the first part of this—M'Carthy came about five minutes after I went down—he was on the bed then—the prisoner might be one hundred yards from the place when I took him—I found the bundle close to where he first stood—he walked away.





MALCOLM M'CARTHY
 (police-constable B 156.) I was on duty at Palace-yard at nine o'clock on Wednesday night—I saw the prisoner in the yard—he was placing some boat sclls there—I said, would it not be better to secure them, as they would be handy to carry away—I saw him again between twelve and one o'clock, placing some boat cushions, or pretending to do so—that induced me to open the locker, when these keys were found on him, and these things were found in the locker—all the things were scattered about in the shed, and a carpenter's basket was there, ready to carry them away in—I found a piece of iron at the bottom of the locker, which I compared with the boards—I found some marks on the boards—the iron broke open the boards, as it appears.

Cross-examined. Q. Is no that locker used in common by the boatmen? A. I heard so—here is the mark that corresponds with the dent in the iron.





THOMAS SMITH
. I am a carpenter employed under the Commissioners of Woods and Forests. I had been in the shed at half-past five o'clock on the Wednesday—I left it all safely locked—I went again at six o'clock in the morning, and found it broken open—the property, but there was all taken out of the nail cupboard—I do not know this property, but there was some similar to this in the shed—I missed the whole of it—there were locks similar to these—I missed about that number—there were two door-locks—one was gone similar to this—that never came out of the carpenter's place at all—this was never in the shed—here is one article with an L marked on it with a brad-awl, which I made myself—I have not the least doubt of that—it was found in the prisoner's pocket—there were things like these in the basket in the shed—the whole of them were missed.

Cross-examined. Q. When you left the place at half-past five o'clock, had you seen these things? A. In the afternoon, about four o'clock, I saw the springs and different things—I had not seen the things in the basket for two or three days.





RICHARD WHIBLEY
. I live in Whitehall-yard, and am clerk to the Commissioners of Woods and Forests. I have the Act of Parliament here—the Commissioners are Lord Duncannon, Sir Benjamin Stephenson, and Alexander Milne—this shed contained the property of the Commissioners—to the best of my belief these articles, excepting the locks, were in the cupboard that has been named.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever been in the cupboard? A. Yes—within a month—no doubt I have seen these things in the shed—my appointment is from the Treasury—I have seen Lord Duncannon and Messrs. Stephenson and Milne—Mr. Phipps gives me directions—I may venture to say he acts under the Commissioners—I know very well he receives his instructions from Sir Benjamin Stephenson—he has told me so.


COURT. Q. Are you employed by the Commissioners of Lands? A. Yes, I have received my wages from their servants—the office is in White-hall-place—I go there for my orders—the cashier of the office pays me—his name is Waller.

MR. STANNILAND. I am a solicitor, employed by the Commissioners of Woods and Forests. The Commissioners are, the Right Honourable John William Ponsonby, commonly called Viscount Duncannon, Sir Benjamin Charles Stephenson, Knt., and Alexander Milne, Esq.

Prisoner. I am innocent of the charge.
(W. Chandler. a shell-fishmonger, of Bridge-court; William George Rolfe, importer of cigars; Frederick Burton, Bridge-court; George Levy, constable of Westminster-bridge; John Kensey, of Chatham-place; and William Wooller, a licensed victualler, of High-street, whitechapel, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 32.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.





Transported for Seven Years.
