



2122. 




WILLIAM FITZWATER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of September, 4 live fowls, value 5s., the property of 



John Irving.






THOMAS GREENWOOD
. I am watchman to John Irving, Esq., who lives at Ashford Ford, near Staines. I watch and labour for him—on the 19th of September, at half-past three, or from that to four o'clock in the morning, about 150 yards from the house, I saw the prisoner going across the meadow with something in his hand—there is a regular roost for the fowls in the yard—I followed the prisoner as quickly as I could, and got within about five yards of the hedge, when he dropped two fowls, and jumped over the hedge and dropped two more—I did not follow him any further, as I knew him—I said, "You need not run, I know you"—I knew him well, he lives near Hounslow—I have known him seven or eight years, and I spoke to him the evening before, about seven o'clock—I went back with the fowls, and called Mr. Dickens up—the prisoner was taken between ten and eleven o'clock the same morning, near his own house—I never knew him do any thing more than in this way—I am quite sure he is the person—two of the fowls were quite warm inside the hedge, and two laid in the ditch with their necks broken.

Prisoner. I had got a handkerchief of mushrooms in my hand—I never saw the fowls at all—did you see me take the fowls from the farm? Wit ness. No; I was about five yards from you when I saw the fowls in your hands—I did not know the fowls till I saw them drop that morning—when I inquired of my master he missed them.





THOMAS DICKENS
. I am bailiff of Mr. John Irving—I bought these fowls of Mr. Richardson the day before, and put them to roost myself that night, and the next morning I missed them—I looked at the fowls that Greenwood picked up—I am certain they are part of those I bought—there was one I had said I would keep as a breeder.

Prisoner. Q. Were these under lock and key? A. I cannot say—I lost six, only four were found, but the man thought he had two in his hand when he ran away.





THOMAS GREENWOOD
. Yes I did—but I was not able to get them.





HENRY RICHARDSON
. I am a carpenter and builder. On the Monday I sold Mr. Dickens fifteen fowls—they had been brought up by me—I fed them every morning—these four are part of them—there is no other individual in the parish that breeds this sort—they are an Indian fowl with yellow legs.

Prisoner. Q. Do you call this a yellow legged one? A. Yes I do.





ROBERT STEWART
. I am a horse-patrol. I got the parish constable to assist me in taking the prisoner—when he saw the constable he bolted across some fields—I saw him make a halt at a fence, and after we took him I followed the road that he took, and one of us found two hen pheasants and a few snails concealed in the side of the hedge.

Prisoner's Defence. I was mushrooming in the field—I found about three

pints of them—I was going over the hedge and turned and saw something, but I could not see whether it was a man, or cow, or horse, it was so dark, and just as I jumped over he said, "I know you"—that was all that passed.




GUILTY
. † Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.
