





1546. 
               
                  
                     HENRIETTA 
                     MOODY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of September
, 8 yards of printed cotton, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Belcher
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jones
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  KAYE
               



            . I am shopman to Samuel Belcher and 
               
                  William 
                  Jones
               



            , linen-draper

s, of High Holborn


. On Saturday morning last the prisoner came in to look at a parcel of gown pieces; while she was looking, I saw her put one piece on one side - she bought goods to the amount of 7l., told me to send them to St. Martin's-lane, and she would pay for them; she went out - I then missed one print, and followed her; I told her I suspected she had taken a piece of print - she said No, I should find it on the counter; I said it would be better for us both to go back - she went back and examined the counter, but could not find it - I turned her shawl aside, and saw she had a bundle; I untied it, and found this print.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to see a piece of print - he asked if I lived in this part of the town, and asked me to take a walk with him on Sunday - I told him to send my parcels to the place I mentioned; I then went to buy a cap - he came and said I had a piece of print which was not my own; I said it could not be, I had only the one I bought - he then opened the handkerchief, and said that was it; he asked if I was married or single, and I told him to go to hell.


                  CHARLES 
                  PIZZEY
               



            . I took the prisoner, and bring this print.
JOSEPH KAYE. This is the piece I took from her; she did not buy any thing - she had no money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven years
            .
