




2327. 




JANE WHITE
 and 




MARY CLIFFORD
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
3rd of October, 1 bag, value 1d.; and 2 sovereigns, 4 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the goods and monies of 



William Giles.






WILLIAM GILES
. I am a pensioner of the Royal Marine Artillery; my residence is in Oxford shire. On the 3rd of October I came up to town,

and received my pension at Tower-hill—I met White a little way along Smithfield, about seven o'clock—I spoke to her first, and asked her where she was going—she said, "To tell you the truth, to look for a sweetheart"—I told her I was going to look for lodgings, so we settled the account—she took me to her lodging—we got there a little after seven o'clock, I believe—I first saw the other prisoner when we got into the room—it was up stairs—I was to spend the night there, to sleep till morning—I did not make any bargain as to what I was to give—we sat down at a table, and the prisoners asked for some drink—I gave them a quartern of gin—then they asked for another—I said they should have it—they were to bring me a pint of porter—I gave the money to White to fetch it, and the other prisoner abode in the room while she went—when she came back we drank it—Clifford left the room, and White asked if I should like a bit of supper—I told her I could eat a bit, and gave her some money—she went, and got some meat, and brought in another quartern of gin; and when we ate our supper I smoked my pipe—I then counted my money, and I had two sovereigns, four half-crowns, seven shillings, and one sixpence in my little bag—I put it into my shoe, and put it under the foot of the bed, took off my clothes, and went to bed—White saw me do that—I think she must—I shook White, and told her to get off the bed, she would not, and I shook her again—Clifford then came up, and knocked at the door—I got up and opened the door, and they both sat on the foot of the bed—I went and felt my shoe, and my money was gone—I said, "You have robbed me while I went to the door"—they said they had not—I said they had—they had got my trowsers on the bed, and I saw Clifford put something into her bosom—I went to her, and said, "You have got my money in your bosom, give it me before you leave the room"—she had a knife in her hand, which I believe she took off the table—she said, "If you interrupt me I will stick this knife into you"—I went to get my trowsers to get them on, and they made their escape down stairs—I remained in the room a few minutes, and the policeman came up, and found me in my shirt—the bag was found in the grate in the room—this is the bag my money was in, and which I put into the shoe.

White. Q. Can you swear that I took the money out of your pocket.? A. You both stooped over the foot of the bed, and dragged my trowsers up.

Clifford. Q. Had you not your money in your possession when I left the room? A. Yes, when you first left it.





THOMAS PHILPOTT
. I am a policeman. I heard that this man had been robbed—I went to the room, and found him in his shirt, in the act of putting on his clothes—he said he had been robbed of two sovereigns, four half-crowns, and seven shillings and sixpence—he was sober—I desired him to dress himself, and we went down in search of the prisoners—after some time I heard the prisoners were come home—I went back, and found them in the room—he said, "These are two girls that robbed me"—I observed White's hand was black, the forefinger and thumb, and part of the wrist—it appeared like soot—I then locked up the prisoners, and searched the chimney—I could not find the money, but found the bag in the fire-place, which the prosecutor swore to, and I locked up the room, and came away—the sergeant went to the room—the bag is scorched, and the embers of the fire were hot.





GEORGE FINDLEY
. I am a police-sergeant. I went to this room, and on

the right-hand side of the chimney, on a small projection, I found five shillings and a sixpence.

White's Defence. The prosecutor took me into a house, and had a quartern of gin, then we went home, and had some supper, and three or four quarterns of gin.

Cliffod's Defence. I had a few words with my mother—I met this young woman, and asked her to let me go home with her, which she did, and one night she brought home this man—he asked us to have something to drink—we had three quarterns of gin and two pints of beer, and then I left the room to go home to my mother—she was not at home, and I then went back, and knocked—he said this young woman was on the bed, and he could not awake her—I tried to awake her, and then he said she had robbed him.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

CLIFFORD—

GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
