





276. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     LILLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November
, 2 trunks, value 10s.; 11 gowns, value 5l. 10s.; 1 watch, value 1l.; 2 brooches, value 16s.; 3 pairs of shoes, value 11s.; 2 scarfs, value 9s., and 5 shifts, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Veale
               




            .
HANNAH VEALE. I am single
. On the 17th of November I was engaged to a place in Argyle-place; my trunks, containing all these articles, and many more, were sent from No. 7, Oriel-terrace, Cheltenham. to Mr. Campbell's, Argyle-place; I came to town on the 24th, and found the articles at the office - the trunks were directed "Robert Campbell, Esq., to be left at the Green Man and Still."


                  JAMES 
                  LARKINS
               



            . I am a porter at the Green Man and Still. Nine parcels came from Cheltenham on Saturday, the 21st of November - they were unloaded from the waggon, and put down on the pavement; I saw the directions on them - I took the way-bill into the office, put it on the desk, and when I came out I missed two trunks - one was a round black trunk, and one was in a black cloth; I could not see which way they were gone - it was very foggy.
JAMES CONDIE. I am a Police-officer. On Saturday morning, the 21st of November, I was in Hanover-square, a little after five o'clock, speaking to a private watchman, and I heard a coach driving as rapidly as it could - it came down Princes-street, and passed by a gas-light; I saw the prisoner riding with the coachman on the box - the coach went up Hanover-street, down Regent-street, and there I saw two other young men; the coach stopped in Poland-street, and the prisoner got off the box - another man, with a white coat or jacket, went and opened the coach door, and a man in a dark coat came out and shut the door; I went up, and said, "What have you got here?" the coachman drove on - I took hold of the handle, and called to him to stop, but he would not: I at last took hold of the traces, and one of the horses fell - I looked round, and the men were all gone from the pavement; I then opened the door, to take the man who went inside, but he was gone - these two boxes were in the coach; the coachman took the coach and boxes to the office - the prosecutrix identified them.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. You say Lilly was on the box? A. Yes - I have known him some years - he was employed about the rank; I do not know that the coachman was his intimate friend - I am quite satisfied Lilly was on the box; the coachman was prosecuted here last Session, but was acquitted.
Prisoner's Defence. The Police-man came to the lock-up place, and said, "Which is Lilly?" he did not know me, and then he came into the office and said he had known me three or four years - I expected the coachman, but he is not here.
JAMES CONDIE. I know him by sight, but not by name - I was asked if I wanted Lilly, and I said I did not know his name.
MR. LEE. Q.Was it not foggy? A. Yes; I was at no great distance when the coach passed me - when I saw the prisoner he was standing against a post, holding up his face, and bidding the coachman good night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
