




92. 




HENRY RICHARDSON
alias
 Waterson,

 was indicted

 for stealing on the 
30th of October, 1 coat, value 20s.; 2 shawls, value 2s.; and 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; the goods of 




James Bramble; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES BRAMBLE
. I drive an omnibus. On the 30th of October, I went into the Portland Arms, at the corner of Princes-street, to write some circulars—I saw the prisoner in the house—I had a great-coat and two shawls in it, which I laid down on the settle—the prisoner was standing up—I was beginning to write—I sat with my back rather towards the prisoner, and sat down by the side of my coat—I turned round shortly after, and the coat and the prisoner were gone—Box, who was sitting near, was also gone—Box was there when I first went in—I met the prisoner next night in a coffee-shop where I went to have my tea—I sat down opposite to him—my fellow-servant called him out, and as he went out at the M the policeman took him—I told him it was no use denying taking the it, for I had a man who had seen him do it—he said if I would let him by himself he would fetch the coat, but I have not seen it since, nor the shawls.





RICHARD BOX
. I am a hackney-coachman. I was at the public-house, and saw Bramble's coat on the settle—I sat down by the side of it—the loner, who was quite a stranger, was standing by—he came and sat down by my side, and asked me for a halfpenny, to get a baked potato—person I wanted was not there, and as I was going out, he got up and came along with me, with the coat under his arm, and walked by my side—I met a friend, and while talking to him, the prisoner put the coat on and went away—I did not know but it was his own coat.





ALFRED BLUNDELL
. I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody—he said he knew nothing about the coat—but when Bramble came up, he said if we would allow him a quarter of an hour, and forgive him, he would produce the coat.

THOMAS----. I am a policeman, I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

