





254. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PAUL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Frances 
                        Patten
                     




                  , on the 1st of December
, and stealing 1 clock, value 10s.; 2 petticoats, value 5s.; 2 gowns, value 6s.; 1 shawl, value 4s.; 3 aprons, value 3s.; 2 shifts, value 3s.; 2 cloaks, value 5s.; 4 curtains, value 10s., and 2 pictures, value 3s.
            , her property.

MARY WALKER. I live opposite Frances Patten, in Bishopsgate-street within


; her house is let out in lodgings - the landlord does not live in it; Patten is a widow
 and has the middle room on the second floor - about half-past three o'clock on a Monday I saw the prisoner at the door of Patten's house; I do not exactly know the day of the month - I have known him about six years; he lived in Skinner-street - he had a clock wrapped up in a black silk cloak, trimmed with lace; I saw which way he went, then went for an officer, who took him on the Wednesday morning - I know the things belonged to Patten; she is now confined to her bed, ill - I am sure the things he had were hers; it was a small clock - I cannot be mistaken in his person, having known him so long; I am married, and am a weaveress - I was close to the prisoner's shoulder, with my baby in my arms; there was another person with him - I was afraid to speak to him, or say any thing for fear they should knock me down with my child; Mrs. Patten desired me to get an officer.


                  REBECCA 
                  SLADE
               



            . I live at No. 3, New-court, Angel-alley - my father is a weaver; I know Mrs. Patten - I was coming out of Long-alley, and saw a young man coming down the steps with a bundle under his arm; I do not know who he was and have not seen him since - I was coming along and met the prisoner; I am certain of him - the first young man was about twenty yards from him, going down the same way; the prisoner also had a bundle under his arm - it seemed like a clock wrapped up in a cloak with lace; I could see by the shape that it was a clock, and he had the pendulum in his hand: it was about half-past three o'clock - he was a long way from Patten's; I went up stairs and told my father - I then went and told Patten, who asked my father to go with her for an officer; I knew the prisoner by seeing him standing by his mother's stall in Bishopsgate-street, and am quite certain of his person - I saw him in custody three days after, at the Mansion-house; I never saw the clock again.
EDWARD PRATT. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on Wednesday morning, the 3rd of December, at his mother's in Skinner-street, a very short way from Mrs. Patten's - I had been to her house and seen her lock broken; he said he was innocent.
Prisoner's Defence. At the time of the robbery I was at work in Pelham-street, and was to have witnesses here, but do not think they are come.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
