







1401. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               




             was indicted, that 


               he, on the 27th of July

, about the hour of one o'clock in the night of the same day, at St. Sepulchre



, feloniously and burglariously did break and enter the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Gahagan
                     



                  , with intent feloniously to steal the goods therein, and did steal therein 6 gowns, value 4l. 10s.; 1 tippet, value 2l.; 3 shawls, value 1l. 12s.; 4 petticoats, value 11s.; 6 spoons, value 2l.; 3 bed-gowns, value 6s.; 2 aprons, value 1s.; 1 cruet-stand and 3 cruets, value 7s.; 1 pepper-castor and top, value 3s.; 1 mustard-pot, value 2s.; 1 towel, value 1s.; 2 curtains, value 1s.; 2 caps, value 6d.; 6 wine-glasses, value 5s.; 6 shells, value 2s.; 2 ornaments, value 2s.; 3 yards of printed cotton, value 1s.; 1 bag, value 6d.; 1 printed book, value 1s.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 9 yards of calico, value 2s. 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s.; and 2 shifts, value 5s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Boston
                     



; and 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  SULIVAN
               




             and 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  SULIVAN
               




            , for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
2nd COUNT. For feloniously receiving the said goods of an evil-disposed person.
HENRY BOSTON. I am a tailor
, and lodge at No. 6, Dean's-court, Old Bailey



, in the parish of St. Sepulchre. On the 27th of July, I went to bed about ten o'clock - I do not know who was the last person up - I have two rooms - one on the first floor, and the other on the second floor - the landlady lives in the house - I was aroused between four and five o'clock in the morning, by the landlady - I came down stairs, and found the room on the first floor had been entered, and the drawers ransacked - I missed all the property stated in the indictment - it was on Sunday evening - I have since found a good deal of the property - on Monday evening, we gave information at the station-house, and the male prisoner had been taken into custody about the middle of the day.


                  JAMES 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cotterell, a pawnbroker, in Shoe-lane. I produce six silver tea-spoons, which were pawned, to the best of my belief, by the male prisoner, on the 28th of July - I will not swear it positively - this is the duplicate I gave him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DREW
               



            . I am an officer. I took the male prisoner into custody, on the 28th of July, on suspicion of burglary - I saw him pass something into Ellen Sulivan's left hand - I turned round and seized her wrist - she opened her hand - I laid hold of the duplicates, and a farthing, and an apron - there were about eight duplicates - there was one for these six silver spoons among them - I found on Thomas one pair of cotton stockings, one black bag, a purse, a hymnbook, and 17s. 6d. in copper - I found two keys and a chain in his pocket, which was claimed by John Sutton - when I first took Thomas into custody, Ellen Sulivan, with two females, came up to me, and declared the innocence of Thomas - I told her to keep off and not impede me - she followed us, and in going up Fetter-lane, I saw him give her the duplicates, and after that, in Greystoke-place, Thomas said, "I will give you a sovereign" - I could not take the female prisoner, but the following day I was at the Compter expecting she would come there to see him; instead of which she sent a companion - I produce a cap found on Mary Ann Sulivan's head - after taking Ellen Sulivan into custody, a letter came from the male prisoner, with the address of Ellen Sulivan on it, but I do not know that myself - I do not know myself who it came from.


                  JAMES 
                  TAGUS SHOUT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, living in Fetter-lane. I produce a gown pawned for 3s. 6d., by a young woman named Ann Sulivan - I cannot say whether it was the prisoner - the duplicate has been produced by the officer.


                  RICHARD 
                  STEPHENS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at No. 129, Holborn-hill - I have a cloak pawned for 1s. 6d. - I do not know who by.


                  RICHARD 
                  JENNINGS FOORD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two petticoats, a bed-gown, and shift, pawned in the name of Colyer by a female - I cannot say who.
WILLIAM DREW re-examined. I found the duplicates of this property on Mary Ann Sulivan.

JAMES PRIESTLY. I am a pawnbroker. I have a cruetframe pawned in the name of Ann Conolly - the duplicate I gave for it has been produced.


                  HENRY 
                  HAMPSTEAD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a gown, two bed-gowns, a shift, a shawl, and towel, which I believe to have been pawned by Ellen Sulivan, but I am not positive - they were pawned on Monday morning, the 28th of July - here are the duplicates I gave her.
WILLIAM DREW re-examined. I took these duplicates from Ellen Sulivan, whom Thomas passed them to.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALLER
               



            . I am an officer. I have four duplicates which I found in the pocket of Mary Ann Sulivan - they are for two curtains pawned for 4d., in the name of Ann Conolly, a cruet-frame in the name of Ann Conolly, a petticoat, bed-gown, and shift for 1s. 6d., in the name of Ann Conolly - the pawnbrokers have produced the property - I searched Sulivan's lodging - they both lodged together - I found the box which was lost partly burnt - the day after the prisoners were committed I had information, and went to the cellar, and found six wine-glasses and six shells.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Thomas's Defence. On Monday, the 28th of July, I got from my bed between six and seven o'clock - as I was going up Holborn I met a gentleman who asked me to take care of the property for him - he took me into a public-house for a glass of ale, and said he would not be long before he came back; and he accordingly came back, but during his absence, he sent a man to me to give him half a dozen of spoons, so I did - he then looked and took a quantity of things out and got them pawned, and then gave me the duplicates - after a short time he said the things belonged to his wife, who had taken away his best clothes, and a great deal of money, and as these things belonged to his wife, he should make away with them - he pawned every thing, and brought me the duplicates - I saw Ellen Sulivan about twelve o'clock, and asked her to have something to drink - she asked what property I had there - I told her a gentleman left them in my care, who said he would not be long before he came back, and he wanted them pawned - I asked her to stop into that public-house, while I went to look for the gentleman - I came back and did not see him - I gave her the duplicates in that cap to take care of for me - she cannot read, and she took them home to her sister Mary Ann, who took them - it was her sister's cap - she put it on her head - I did not pawn the spoons, and do not know who did - the man gave me the duplicates after pawning them.
Ellen Sulivan's Defence. I met Thomas, as he has stated - he gave me the duplicates to mind - not being able to read, I did not know what they were - I put them on the mantel-piece - my sister Mary Ann took them up, and put the cap on her head.
Mary Ann Sulivan's Defence. The policeman asked if I had a pocket on - I said, "Yes" - he then asked what I had in it - I said, "Duplicates;" and that some of them belonged to my sister, and some to myself.
ELIZABETH GAHAGAN. I live in this house, and am the landlady - other persons lodge with me - It was alarmed by the sound of a foot coming up stairs, about a quarter past four o'clock - it appeared to stop in the passage - I had no reason to think they had gone into the room, not hearing a door open - I was alarmed - it was light then - I heard a man's foot going down stairs - I got the key of the prosecutor's room door, from where it hung, and saw a man going down with a bundle and a box - I ran after him - he much resembled the male prisoner - it was like him by his back appearance.
HENRY BOSTON re-examined. The property was taken from the first floor front room - I do not know at what time it was opened - the value of the property lost is about 15l.


                  JEMIMA 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I went to bed after my husband - I locked the room door, and the key hung in the landlady's room, which is on the same floor - we were awoke between four and five o'clock - it was light then.
THOMAS - 


               GUILTY of Housebreaking, not of Burglary
            .
Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
MARY ANN SULIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
ELLEN SULIVAN 

               GUILTY
            . - Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against Thomas.
