



897. 




WILLIAM HOLDHAM
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




John Postance, at 
St. Olave, Southwark, on the 
15th of February, and stealing therein 1 watch-chain, value 13l.; 1 necklace, value 3s.; 1 snuff-box, value 10s.; 1 brooch, value 10s.; 1 piece of foreign silver coin, called a 5-franc-piece, value 4s.; 1 guinea, 5 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 1 crown; the goods and monies of the said John Postance.






ELIZABETH LEE
. I live at the Chequers tap, at Hayes Wharf, Tooley-street; it is kept by John Postance, and is in the parish of St. Olave. On the 15th of February I was in the tap-room, and saw the prisoner there with another person, about one o'clock in the day—I was cooking—I saw a door open on the stairs—it had been locked—I had locked it just before myself—it led up stairs to the bedroom—I had occasion to go up stairs, and then found the door wide open—I ran up into the bedroom, and as I came down I met the prisoner on the second story—he had no business there—we had no lodgers—I laid hold of him, and he broke from me, and ran into Mill-lane, without his hat—I followed, calling "Stop-thief" all the way—there was a brooch in a drawer in my master's room—that was gone—there were also six sovereigns wrapped in paper, a silver chain, a snuff-box, and a guinea—the chain is worth 3l. and the brooch 1l.—when I went up stairs, I found all the drawers wide open—nobody could have done it but the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You saw him on the stain? A. Yes, I met him—I saw him taken into custody, I think, not five minutes after, perhaps not three minutes—my master is not here.





THOMAS WILKS
. I was going down Mill-lane, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner running without a hat on—I jumped out of my cart, and ran after him, and caught him—he said, "For God's sake, don't hold me; let me go"—I helped to take him to the Compter.





CHARLES BROOKS
. I was at the public-house—I saw the prisoner at the bottom of the stairs, and heard Lee cry out "Stop thief" and "Murder"—I ran out, and saw a hat and handkerchief on the staircase—I jumped over them, and saw the prisoner running from down stairs, and run out—I ran after him up Mill-lane, round Compter-street, and a witness secured him—I took him to the Compter—there was no other prisoner there but him—the turnkey put him into a little lobby, and then put his hand into his pockets, to see if he had any thing—somebody knocked at the gate—the

turnkey turned round to open it, and then said, "There is something on the fire"—he took this brooch off the fire—(looking at one)—the prisoner owned the hat and handkerchief to be his.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you keep your eye on him till he was takes into custody and searched by the turnkey? A. Yes.

COURT. Q. How far from the Compter was he taken? A. About a hundred yards—he ran about sixty yards by the Compter—he might have dropped something without my seeing him.





JOHN KINSEY
. I am an officer of the Compter. I produce the brooch which I took off the fire—I searched the prisoner, but found nothing on him except 1s. 6d., about 4d. in copper, and some broken matches—I went to the Chequers, and found the bed-room door had been broken open, and four or five drawers were broken all to pieces.
(MR. DOANE, on the prisoner's behalf, stated that seeing something shining on the stairs, he was induced from curiosity to go up—that he picked up the brooch, and, while having it in his hand, the servant came down stairs—having no right to be on the stairs he became alarmed, and ran away.)




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

