





831. 
               
                  WILLIAM STEWARD 
                  CUMMINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, 4 gold rings, value 3l., and 30s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Mary Ann 
                  Cummins
               




            .
MARY ANN CUMMINS. I am single
, and live with my father in Medway-street


 - the prisoner is my brother, and lived in the same room. On the 26th of February these rings and money were safe in my pocket, which I placed under my pillow when I went to bed, at half-past ten o'clock - he slept in the next room; I awoke at half-past six in the morning, and my property was gone - I inquired for my brother, and he was gone; he was taken into custody on the Sunday night, three days afterwards.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALTERS
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner at his father's on the Sunday evening; he had these rings, a bunch of keys, and several other articles in his possession, but only 14s. in money.
MARY ANN CUMMINS re-examined. He came home about eight o'clock on Sunday evening - he told me he had the rings, and stated how much silver he had; we called in a Policeman - we took the prisoner to the Magistrate, and he advised us to proceed, in hopes to get him into some asylum; I do not think he meant to make away with the property - I think he would have returned it; his father found him some distance from home.


                  THOMAS 
                  CUMMINS
               



            . I am the prisoner's father. I found him in St. George's-fields, opposite the Orphan Asylum - his schoolmaster had sent four boys to look for him; I can do nothing with him - he has been the same by night and by day for three years past; he has been away for a month or six weeks together - if this had been the first time by one hundred it should never have cometo this; it has been a great trouble to me to do what I have done, but the Magistrate and my friends advised me to do it - his master has logged him for a week together, and the moment he has slipped the log he has been off again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 11. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
