



2773. 




WILLIAM THOMPSON
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



William McCulloch, on the 
7th of October, at 
St. George's, and stealing therein, 2 knives, value 1s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 6s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 1s. 6d.; 4 shirts, value 12s.; and 1 jacket, value 4s.; the goods of 



John Roberts.






WILLIAM M'CULLOCH
. I am a seaman, and keep a boarding-house for sailors, in Old Gravel-lane, St. George's East. There is an out-house in my yard, which has no internal communication with the dwelling-house—the yard is enclosed by a brick wall—there were a great many seamen's chests and other property in the out-house—on the morning of the 7th of October I got up about a quarter before six o'clock, and called a young man to go to work—he called my attention to a hole in the roof of the out-house, which is covered with tiles, but has no ceiling, and I went down stairs directly—I saw the prisoner jump out of the out-house into the next yard—I ran round to the front, got a policeman, assisted him over the wall, and he took the prisoner with the property—I knew him before, and had him here last January for robbing my house before—the property

stated was taken away, and a great deal more removed, and put up, ready to be taken, but my getting up disturbed him—he must have taken off the tiles of the out-house, and got down through the roof.





JOHN ROBERTS
. I am a sailor, and was lodging at this house. I got up just before six o'clock this morning, came down, saw my chest open, and a lot of things placed on the table—they had not been there when I was in the place before—these things belong to me—(looking at some.)





ROBERT ROCHE
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner in an enclosed ground belonging to the London Dock Company, in a shed—I found nothing on him at the time, but he had a coat under his arm when I first saw him running along.





EDWARD TOWNSEND
. I am a policeman. As I was conveying the prisoner to the station-house, I said, "You have got yourself into a pretty mess"—he said, "Yes, and I have been convicted before, and had three months"—I searched him at the station-house, and found these two knives in one of his pockets—a pair of trowsers were found on him over his own, which Roberts has claimed.




GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen; Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
