



512. 




JOHN THORPE
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging, on the 
7th of January, a request for the delivery of two gallons of lamp oil and 1lb. weight of wax candles, with intent to defraud 



Benjamin Robert Rose—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same with a like intent.






JAMES TRIM
. I am shopman to Mr. Benjamin Robert Rose, of Cheap, side, an oilman. Key came to the warehouse on Saturday, the 7th of January, and produced this written order—(read.)" 14, Hanover-street, Jan. 7, 1837—Send by bearer two gallons of lamp-oil and two papers of wax candles, for Lord Mark Kerr, with the bill.
"JOSEPH THOMAS BENTOH."
In consequence of this I gave witness these things—I do not know Thomas Benton—I expected he was Lord Mark Kerr's footman or butler—the prisoner said he came from the footman.





WILLIAM KEY
. I live at No. 06, Upper Seymour-street, Bryanstone square. I received this order from the prisoner—he directed me to go and get it—I went and delivered the order to James Trim—I took the oil and wax candles outside the door, and was stopped by the officer—I was to take them to the prisoner.

Prisoner. I told him he was to meet the footman at the public-how at the corner of Poland-street.





JOHN POYNTON
. I am servant to Lord Mark Kerr, at No. 17, Henrietta-street, Cavendish-square. He has no servant of the name of Benton or Bolton—he has no servant whose writing this is—it is not Lord Mark Kerr's writing—it is not my business to get these things, but the house keeper's—no man in the house has any thing to do with it.





HENRY JEBBETT
 (City police-constable 1.) I was called in and took Key; and on the Saturday I went to East-street, Manchester-square, and found the prisoner—I asked if he had sent any person with a note or order into the City—he said, "No"—I said, "Do you know a person named Key?—recollect yourself; he knows you perfectly well"—he said, "I know Bill Keys; I gave him a note that was given me by a servant whom I was to meet at the public-house in Poland-street"—I said, "where is he?—I should like to see him?"—he said his name was Thomas—I went with him but could not find any such person—I then went to No. 14, Hanover-street, where the note is dated from, and where Lord Mark Ken formerly lived—I then took the prisoner into custody—I saw the prisoner write this paper in my presence, and the hand-writing corresponds exactly with the order.


Prisoner. The footman who sent me for the oil was dressed in a blue coattee—he gave me 2s. for my job—on the day in question I saw Key in Oxford-street, and asked him to go with the order—he said, "Yes"—I went back and saw the footman, and he gave me the note—I gave it to Key to fetch the things.




GUILTY of uttering. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Yean.
