



287. 




JAMES M'GRATH
 was indicted

, for that he having been convicted as a common utterer of counterfeit coin, did afterwards, on the 
26th of November feloniously utter and put off, to 



Mary Stevens, a counterfeit half-crown, well knowing it to be counterfeit.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor of the mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of James M'Grath, for uttering counterfeit coin—I have examined it with the original record in Mr. Clark's office—this is a true copy—(read.)





JOHN FIELD
. I was present in this Court in the July Session, 1835, when the prisoner was tried and convicted of uttering counterfeit coin—I was a witness on the trial.





MARY STEVENS
. I am a widow, and keep the Nag's Head, at Islington. On the 26th of November the prisoner came to my house, about nine o'clock in theevening—he came out of the tap-room—I served him him with a quartern and a half of gin—he put down a half-crown, which I saw instantly was bad—I look it up, and said, "I do not think I shall take this"—he begged of me to return it, and put down a good one; but I put it into my pocket and said. "I shall not give it you again"—I had some sovereigns in my pocket, but no silver—he begged very hard of me to return it; I refused, and he affected to cry—Jackson then came in and took him—he resisted a good deal, but was taken—I bit the half-crown and gave it to Jackson.





THOMAS JACKSON
. I am a plumber, and live in Church-lane, Islington. On the 26th of November I was in the bar-parlour of the Nag's Head, with a few friends—I saw the prisoner and four more sitting talking together in the tap-room—I heard one of them, named Welch, say to the the prisoner, "You had better go"—(I knew them both)—the prisoner made answer, "Old Pike will know me"—(Pike formerly kept the house)—Welch said, "Oh no, he has been gone some time; they are fresh caught ones here, they won't know you"—the prisoner then got off his seat and went to the bar—I followed him, and saw him standing at the bar for about half a minute—he then threw down a half-crown on the counter—Mrs. Stevens took it up and said, "You don't think I am going to take this for a good one?"—I then collared him, and held him till the officer came—as soon as he heard the policeman coming he struck me a violent blow in the face—I received the half-crown from Mrs. Stevens.





JOSEPH ACKLAND
. I am a painter, and live in Chapel-row, Clerkenwell. I was in the tap-room, and saw the prisoner and three more come in—I heard Welch say to the prisoner that all was right, they were fresh comers

in the house—they went and called for a pot of ale—I saw the prisoner take two half-crowns out of his pocket and look at them, and asked one of the others to go and fetch some gin—Welch said, "No, you go, old Pike won't know you"—I saw the prisoner lift his right hand up to his waist-coat pocket, when Jackson had got him, and he took something out, and put it into his mouth—I saw his throat move, as if he had swallowed something.





WILLIAM PEACOCK
 (police-constable N 212.) I took the prisoner into custody, but found nothing on him.





GEORGE SMITH
. I am a chemist and druggist, and live in Fleet-street, On Wednesday, the 23rd of November, the prisoner came to my shop, a short time before dusk, for four separate ounces of Epsom salts, which came to 4d.—he offered me a five-shilling piece—I immediately said, "Are you not aware that this is a bad one?"—he said, "No, I am not, but if you object to it. I will immediately get you another; I took it of my mistress, Mrs. Owen, of Lombard-street," and pointed across, in the direction of Lombard-street—I called in Eaves, the policeman, and gave him the crown-piece—the prisoner told the policeman that he lived at No. 8, Little Moorfields.

Prisoner. Directly I offered him the crown, he pulled out a small scale, and another crown-piece, form his pocket—he put them both in to weigh them, and he took them both in his hands together, calling out for the policeman, and said, "If money will hang you, I will hang you." Witness. I did take a five-shilling piece, and put into the scale to convince him it was bad—I am positive I gave the officer the one he offered me—the two were never in my hand together.





THOMAS EAVES
. I am a policeman. took the prisoner in charge from Mr. Smith, and received a crown-piece—the prisoner said he got it from his employer, in Little Moorfields, who gave it him for a quarter of a pound of salts.

Prisoner. The officer asked me, in the shop, who it belonged to, and I owned it myself. Witness. I believe he did state it was his own—I said "That is not the story you told Mr. Smith, you said it belonged to your employer."

MR. FIELD. This half-crown and crown-piece are both bad.
(The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating, that a person who owed him 5s. had paid him two half-crowns, one of which he offered for the gin, and it was passed to several persons without its being marked, and therefore there was a doubt as to its being the same.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven years.
