





752. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing,on the 28th of March
, 30 plants, value 2l., and two flowerpots, value 6d.
            , the goods of the Honourable


                  Juliana 
                  Curzon
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  PRESTON
               



            . I am a labourer to the Honourable 
               
                  Juliana 
                  Curzon
               



            , at Hayes


. I had known the prisoner before, at Hayes. On Saturday, the 26th of March, I saw these plants safe in the Honourable Miss Curzon's greenhouse, and I missed them on the Monday; I saw them again at Southall - the prisoner was there in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAIR
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner at a public-house in Hayes, on Tuesday, the 29th of March; I had information that some plants had been left at Southall - I went there and saw 
               
                  Dennis 
                  Conner
               



            , who told me the prisoner had left these nine plants there; these are all that have been found.


                  DENNIS 
                  CONNER
               



            . I live at Southall, and am a gardener. On the Monday morning the prisoner brought these plants to me, a little before four o'clock; I was not up, but he called, and I came down to him - I had gone to the window first, and he said he had a parcel for me, and was to have 1s. for leaving it; I asked what it was - he said he brought it from Mr. Wye; I said I did not know such a person, and desired him not to bring them at such a time, as I had no doubt they were stolen, and the sooner he was off my premises the better - he went away, and I went to a Magistrate and told him of it - he told me to detain the plants, and if the prisoner came again for the 1s. to detain him.
Prisoner's Defence. I overtook a waggoner just before I got to Southall; he asked if I knew where Mr. Conner lived - I said I did, and he told me to leave these plants with him, and I was to have 1s. for it; I went, and Conner told me to come again at day-light - I did not go again till I was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  PRESTON
               



            . I can swear to these plants, as the property of the prosecutrix; they had been in pots, and were torn out - here is a myrtle and a lemon tree, and some others, which are valuable plants.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
