




3410. 




THOMAS QUINN
 and 




LAWRENCE SMITH
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
27th of October, 1 watch-chain, value 1s., 2 seals, value 5s.,; 2 watch-keys, value 1s.,; and 1 ring, value 1s.,; the goods of 



Edward August Lovegren, from his person.






EDWARD AUGUST LOVEGREN
, I am Captain of the Matilda. I was in Brown Bear-alley. talking to Elizabeth Welstead, about, midnight on the 27th of October—the prisoner Quinn came up to me, and all at once he got hold of my chain and seals, and snatched it from me—he said to me, "You d—d Russian!"—I said, "You are not wide awake enough to got my watch"—he went into a house, and Smith stood at the door—I wanted to go in and Smith knocked me down—he hit me in the eye, and that stopped me from going in—I called "Police", and in a minute and a half, or two minutes, the policemen were there—I went up stairs with them, and saw the two prisoner naked in bed—this is my chain and seals, I can swear—I am sure they are the same men.





ELIZABETH WELSTEAD
. I live in Brown Bear-alley, East Smithfield. I was talking to the prosecutor, and Quinn came and snatched his chain and seals—Smith was standing two or three yards off—I cannot say whether he saw it—I saw the prosecutor run after Quinn—I did not see Smith strike him—I knew Quinn by seeing him about—both the prisoners live at No. 2, Brown Bear-alley—several more live in the same house—I live next door.





EDWARD AUGUST LOVEGREN

re-examined. Q. Have you any doubt that Smith is the man who struck you in the eye? A. No—it was one of the two who were standing before the door.





JAMES COOK
 (police-sergeant H 7.) I went tot he house, and took the prosecutor up stairs—he said he had been robbed of his chain and seals—I found the two prisoner in bed, quite naked—their faces were covered over, and they pretended to be asleep—I called the prosecutor, who identified Smith as the man who struck him, and Quinn as the man who robbed him—I secured their hands, and searched a box in the room, where I found the chain and seals which the prosecutor claims.

Prisoner Smith. A girl struck the prosecutor in the house where be was.

QUINN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Fourteen Years.
