





2009. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     BIRKINSHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of September
, 5 rings, value 20s.; 1 watch-chain, value 20s.; 1 neck-chain, value 3l.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s., and 1 shift, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Martin
                        




                     
                  , her master; and that she had been previously convicted of felony
            .


                  ANN 
                  MARIA MARTIN
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  James 
                  Martin
               



            , a publican
, who lives in Foley-street


. The prisoner came into our service the latter end of May, recommended by the matron of Covent-garden workhouse; I had a ring in my care, in my father's house - it belonged to a gentleman, and a neck-chain of my own; I missed them on the 14th September, with the other things - they were in a box, which I placed in my father's bed-room, on the first floor, when I left home, which was in July.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not offer me the neck-chain to pawn for you to get money to go to the fortune-teller, because you could not get to your father's till before you went to school? A. No; I had the neck-chain in my possession, and desired her to go and ask the value of it, and she brought it back to me.


                  EDWARD 
                  DYER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Dobree, a pawnbroker, of Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square. On the 18th of August the prisoner pawned this ring, for 9s.; on the 23rd of August the gold neck-chain, for 30s. - and on the 1st of September she came and had 10s. more on it, and on the 13th 10s. more; Miss Martin afterwards saw them and claimed them - the ring was pawned in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Morris
               



            , Cumberland-street; and the chain in the name of Morris, Foley-street.


                  DAVID 
                  GEORGE ALDERSON
               



            . I am an officer of Marylebone. I was fetched to Mr. Martin's, on the 15th of September, and found the prisoner there - I inquired among the servants, and suspected the prisoner; she gave me this pocket-book, with eight, duplicates in it, one of which relates to a ring pawned at Chapman's; he gave it up before the Magistrate - as she was a female, I desired Miss Martin and her mother to search her; Miss Martin brought me down two duplicates, one for a petticoat, which the pawnbroker gave up; the other was for a shift - one duplicate was for a silk handkerchief; that was given up - Miss Martin produced a white handkerchief to me, as coming out of her box.
MISS MARTIN. I was present when her box was searched, and I found the handkerchief in it, marked with my father's initials; this neck-chain I know - it was my sister's, who is dead; this is a mourning-ring - it is my father's, and was in the same drawer with the neckchain; the other ring is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. Miss Martin gave me the chain to make money of, for her to have her fortune told before she went to school.
MISS MARTIN. There is no truth in it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FAGAN
               



            . I am a Police-inspector, and have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction; I was present at the time - she is the person convicted - (read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
