





888. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, 1 tea-caddy, value 4s.; 3 penknives, value 3s., and 1 silver thimble, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     King
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  KING
               



            . I am a widow
, and live in Sion-terrace, St. Pancras


. On the 20th of March the prisoner came to my house with a man and woman, who came in, and agreed for a lodging; the prisoner stood outside - the man and woman asked me to go and get some beer, which I did, and when I returned my place was broken open, and the articles stated were gone from my parlour, which was locked; I ran down Cromer-street, and overtook the prisoner - I asked him to give me my things, he used a great many bad words, and knocked me down: I left the man and woman up stairs when I went out - I shut the street door, but they might have opened it; I saw the prisoner with the caddy under his arm, and when I asked him for it, he threw it down and struck me - I screamed for the Policeman, and the man and woman, who had been with the prisoner, got away.
Prisoner. Q. How can you swear to me? A. By your person; it was a little after ten o'clock at night - I do not keep a brothel; two young women lodge with me- I have lived there six months; I let lodgings, and go out to wash - the man and woman asked for a lodging for the night; they sent for some gin and some beer - I showed them to a bed-room.
COURT. Q. Did they say they wanted the room for a little time? A. They said so, but in the bustle I do not know what I said; they sent me out for beer and gin - the young women in my house do not receive company to my knowledge; they do needle-work, and sometimes go out to work.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was in Cromer-street, and heard the prosecutrix speak to some man; I heard something fall, and saw the prisoner strike her.
Prisoner. Q. Where were you? A. About half-way down the street; it was light enough for me to distinguish you - you were opposite the public-house; there was only the young man and woman you were with - I never lost sight of you till you were taken.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am a Police-constable (83 G.) I received the prisoner from Smith; he was running on, crying Stop thief! my lamp was lighted, and when he saw me he stood still.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up Cromer-street; I saw a mob, and crossed the road - I heard a female cry Stop thief! I ran, like the rest, and being swift of foot, I got before them; a young man came to me in Gray's Inn-lane, and said he thought I was the person who had robbed the prosecutrix - when the prosecutrix came up, she would not lift up her head to look at me; I asked her two or three times, but she would not.
ANN KING. The prisoner had come to my house in the evening, and asked for my son; a young woman went to the door, and said he was not at home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
