





237. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 1 half-crown, the money of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Jackman
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKMAN
               



            . I am a sawyer
. On the 27th of November, I was walking up Oxford-street


 with some friends, about one o'clock in the morning; I had had a glass or two of liquor, but I was not intoxicated - the prisoner spoke to us, said she was very cold, and asked us to give her something to drink; we went to the Three Tuns, and had three half-quarterns of gin, and two pints of porter - we went out, and the two young men who had been with me went away; I went up a mews with the prisoner - I felt her hand in my left-hand pocket, where I had a shilling and a half-crown; I felt my pocket, and the half-crown was gone - I said, "You have taken my half-crown;" she denied it; the Policeman came up, and took her - she said at the office that she had one half-crown, but it was her own.
Prisoner. He asked the other men to pay for the gin and beer, and said he had no money. Witness. Yes, I did, but I had put this money by to pay away.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prosecutor charged the prisoner with robbing him; he was quite sober; the prisoner said she had a half-crown belonging to herself, and she gave it up at the watch-house from her pocket, she had no more money about her.
Prisoner's Defence. He accused me of robbing him, and held my two hands; I said, "What are you going to do?" he felt his left-hand pocket, and said, "You have robbed me of half a crown;" I said, I had not; I thought he was going to strike me, and called the Policeman myself - it is my first offence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
