



1638. 




JAMES MALLETT
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
6th of February, of a certain evil disposed person 24 pairs of boots, value 6l.; and pairs of shoes value 3l. 10s. the goods of 



Samuel Emsley, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statue, &c.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL EMALEY
. I am proprietor of the Octagon shoe and stay-factory, in Norfolk-street, Bethnal-green—I have pirouetted two men named Steel and Simms. On the 6th of February 1836, Steel was in any employ—Mallet and Simms had been in my employ but came back afterwards for lett left me fifteen months before February, but came afterwards three months—on the 6th of February Mullins, the policeman brought Simms to my house with a hamper, with seven dozen pairs of shoes in it—I did not him, and offered ten guiencas reward but could never get sight's made for him, and offered ten guiness reward, but could never get sight of him till then—I have been robbed of 1000 dozen paris of shoes at least.





JAMES MULLINS
. I am a policeman. On the 6th of Febraury 1836, I was on duty in Northampton-street, and followed a man named Simms—the prisoner was in his company—Shnms had a hamper—I took him and the hamper to Mr. Emsey, but the prisoner got under a lamp and went off—I have been looking for him ever since—I have nota duble he is the man who good was with Simms—I had not seen him before to my recollection—I had a good oppotunity of oberserving him that night.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you see me? A. In Suffolk-steet, close to the Octagon warehouse—you a Petersham great coat on—I could not take you and Simms at the same time—you were under a lamp at the corner of Northampton-street.

COURT. Q. Are you certain he is the man? A. I am





JULIANS SIMMS
. My brother was convicted of stealing these shoes——I know the prisoner. On the 6th of February, last year, I saw him in the evening at No. 3, Sidney-street where my brother my mother, and mysed liived—my brother kept the house—the prisoner did not live there, but he took the house with my brother in the name of Collier—when the prisoner came in that evening he threw his hat on the found—my mother asked him what was the matter—he said he could not tell, we must guess the wont—my mother said, "Do tell"and he said my brother was taken up—that he saw the policeman (who was in flanuel jacket) take him, and my brother put the hamper down, and after that the prisoner went home to his wife, left his great coat and watch at home, and then came out and to the station-house, where he saw a great crowd of people—he asked what was the matter, and they said a young man had been taken up for a hamper—he said he afried to go too near the station-house for fear any one should see him—he desired me to his house, and tell wife that he would be at home in the morning as soon as possible—I went, and heard, as I suppose Mt. Emsley'svoice—I came back, and told the prisoner what I had heard—he desired me to go the house again, and said he wpouod send a cart him again till he was have the ham; per again, and he would never saw hikm again till he was taken—he saide he was sorry for my brother, and my brother would tell he was certain—I have frequebtly seen him with my brother—they were alwasys together, and with my brother used

to bring home a hamper containing shoes, he used to asist him out with them—that has been very often more than half a dozen times—I am nearly twenty-two years of age—I did not at that time know where the shoes came form—I have known since—my mother was living in the house at the time.

Prisoner. Q. Were you not rreied her for stealing these shoes? A. I was, and was not found gulity.





SARAH SADLER
. I am a window. On the evening of the 6th of February 1836, I was at the prisoner's house—I used to work for his wife—he came in that evening, pulled off his great coat and watch, and left them at home.

Prisoner. It is false, it is very easy to get a story like this—the prosecutor, policeman, and witness, and witness have ben together somje time—this witness was with Julians Simms last Fewbruary twlemoth. Witness. I have not agreed with Simms to say any things—I know nothing about her—I have to come here when she was in troble, and have seen her since but have had no correspoduce with her.





ANN LAURENCE
. I am single. I know the prisoner and James Simms—I have frequenbtly seen them together—Mallett reprosenteed himself as Simm's brtoher and said he was a watchmaker—on Saturday, the 6th of Febraury, 1836, they were both at my house to tea—I am quite sure of that—they both by the name of Collier.

COURT. Q. What makes you recollect the day? A. It was the day Simms was apprehended.





JAMES BOTTON
. I am leandlord of the house No. 3, Sydney-street—the prisoner and John Simms took that house—the prisoner said they were brother and thier names were Collier.





JULIANA SIMMS

re-examined. The prioner is ne relation of ours whatever.

Prisoner I worked for Mr. Emaley 5 years, and was intrusted with immense sums—600l. or 700l. scores of times, from morning till night. I have lived at the same house for 6 months since the robbery—he says he—has been secking for me—I have never been out of London—I have been round Whitechapel about my business as usual' even the morning before I was taken, a mab in Mr. Emsley's?"—I said, "No; why?—he said, "Who would have thought of seeing you here? are you under no apprebension of meeting with Mr. Emsley?"—I said, "No why?"——he said, "Mr. Emsley is seeking for you"—I said, "Well, I am here every morning to be found"—I went there again next morning end if I had been under any apprehension of denager I should not have gone—durting the five years I was with Mr. Emsley, I recived but 12s. a week to maintion my famly—there tempation held out to me, but I never rtobbed him of a larthing—I had a good character, and mainted it—it was my study to preserve it—not having been before a Maginstrate, I did not know what was coing against me.

MR. EMSLEY
re-examined. I did not find any thing worng in his mondy matters—I have trusted him with 400l. or 500l. at a time, before I ascerained that he had been trasnported—for about a year and a hlf he was livijg like a gentleman, and giving partice's abut I did not know it at he times.





JAMESA MULLINS

re-examined. I have been to his house to look for him very often, but could never find him—there was a reward of the guitious afered. 


GUILTY
.* Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
