





492. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CRAWFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 9th of January
, 4 lbs. weight of candles, value 2s. 4d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Little
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  NICHOLS
               



            . I am shopman to Joseph Little, of Norton-falgate


, an oilman
. On the 9th of January the prisoner took this paper of candles off the counter in our shop, while I turned round behind the other counter; he dropped them in the shop near the door - he had come in for a halfpenny worth of saitpetre, and I served him - two other boys then came in, and the prisoner stopped while they were served; they then made way to go out, and the prisoner turned and dropped the candles; a watchman came in, and asked it I had lost any thing - I said he had dropped this paper of candles - the prisoner ran across the road and up a court; the watchman pursued and brought him back - he said the boys who came in after him had dropped the candles, but I am certain he dropped them; the other were close to him.


                  DANIEL 
                  HANK
               



            . I am a watchman. On the evening of the 9th of January I had been watching the prisoner and two others for some time - I missed them, and thought they had gone up White Lion-street; I turned, and met my partner - a person touched me on the shoulder and said,"Do you see what is going forward here?" I looked into the prosecutor's shop, and saw the three lads there - the prisoner and another went to the further end of the shop, and then two of them went to the counter - the shopman served them; I saw a brown paper bundle on the counter - the other two lads then went to the door, and the prisoner dropped this bundle from under his coat; I came round, and the other person had let the prisoner slip by him - I told my partner the prisoner had gone across the road; he went and brought him instantly - I had seen him go across the road and run down an alley; I am quite sure he is the person the parcel fell from.


                  JOHN 
                  BURNESS
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner in Mr. Little's shop, but did not see him do any thing - I saw him come out, and run across the road; I kept my eye upon him - he ran up a court, and up two pairs of stairs in a house; I followed, and brought him back - I knew him before.
Prisoner's Defence. I went in to buy something - there were two others in the shop; a boy took the candles, and dropped them by my side.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
