






541. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TEDMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DORMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, 1 coat, value 2s. 6d.; 1 cloak, value 6s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 3s.; 3 waistcoats, value 2s.; 1 hat, value 5s.; 1 knife, value 1d.; 1 loaf of bread, value 1s.; 3lbs. of beef, value 1s.; 8 pence, 73 halfpence, and 4 farthings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Thacker
                  




               
            .


                  CORNELIA 
                  THACKER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Thacker
               



            ; we live in Butler's-building's, George-street, St. John-street, Bethnal-green


. I have known the prisoners about twelve months - they were pauper

s, but at this time they lodged in my house; on the 29th of December I went out, and returned home between twelve and one o'clock; I found my boxes had been broken open, my apartment rifled, and all the property stated was gone - the prisoners never returned; I gave notice, and they were afterwards apprehended; the greater part of the property has been entirely lost.


                  JOHN 
                  BURNHAM
               



             (Police-constable H 58.) The officer who took the prisoner is dangerously ill, but I saw this waistcoat found on Dorman, and Tedman had this coat and trousers on - these beads had been sold at Mr. Yardley's, in Hare-street.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Tedman. Distress drove me to it - the parish gave me 6d. a day to work for them.
TEDMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
DORMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
