





1240. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of June
, 7 watches, value 25l.; 1 watch-key, value 25s.; 1 broach, value 25s.; 1 gold pin, value 10s.; 1 spoon, value 14s.; and 1 box, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sarginson
                  



               
            .
2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Nelson
                  



               
            .
3rd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Jacobs
                  



               
            .
ROBERT JACOBS. I am a watch-maker
, and live at Sudbury. On the 19th of June I packed up a parcel which contained the watches and other property stated; I put them into a box which was nailed down, and directed to Mr. Edward Keat, No. 69, Banner-street, St. Luke's; I sent it to the coach by my servant.


                  MARY 
                  BLANDON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Jacobs, he gave me the box, which I took to the Rose and Crown Sudbury.


                  JOHN 
                  RAVEN
               



            . I received the box, and when the coach came I put it in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNARD
               



            . I am coachman to the Sudbury coach. I brought the box up on the 19th of June, and delivered it to Tyler.


                  GEORGE 
                  TYLER
               



            . I am porter at the Belle Sauvage


, the box was given to me, I put it into the delivery porter's box.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SARGINSON
               



            . I am porter
 at the Belle Sauvage. I saw the box directed for Mr. Edward Keat, Banner-street; I sent the prisoner with that and five other parcels- I gave him a basket to carry them in, with a strap at each end, so that no one could take them out; he ought not to have taken out any parcel till he got to the door at which he was to deliver it; I gave them to him on the evening of the 19th of June, he came at six o'clock the next morning, and brought me the money for the six parcels which was 13s. 8d.; on the 22nd of July, I found that the box in question had not been delivered; I spoke to the prisoner about it, he said, he took it, and recollected the man he had given it to; he said, he would show me the place, and the man who had received the box, and paid him 2s. for it; I went with him to Mr. Keat's house; I saw Mr. Keat and three other young men, but the prisoner said it was neither of them; we then left the house, and I took him into a public-house a few doors off; I there said to him, "I am determined to know what you have done with the box;" he burst into tears, and said, "It was taken away from me in the City-road," and that he had borrowed the 2s. of his mother to pay me for it, but I have seen his mother, and she denies giving it him; he has been with me about six months.


                  EDWARD 
                  KEAT
               



            . I never received the box.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
