





243. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GREY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 watch chain, value 6d.; 1 seal, value 6d.; and 1 watch key, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Eagles
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD EAGLES. I am a shoe-maker
, and live at Bethnal-green - on the 16th of December, I was in Aldgate


, at five o'clock in the afternoon, near the Bull Inn - there was a crowd there - I was surrounded, and lost my watch - I was hustled - it was a silver watch, with chain, seal, and key, worth nearly £5. I did not know what had happened, till I got out of the crowd and heard the cry of"Stop thief."
JAMES HALL. I am shopman to Robert Plant, of Aldgate, a hosier. I was in Aldgate, and saw Eagles surrounded by four men, and saw the prisoner pull his watch from his fob - he handed it to a man in front of him - I seized the two men in front - the prisoner was one - it was then handed to the one behind, and they got away from me - I had sufficient opportunity of observing the prisoner to be certain of him.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.About what time was it? A.About five o'clock - it happened opposite our shop-door, where I stood - I could see plainly - I did not take another man, and say he was the man who took it- I am quite sure of it - I had seen the prisoner before this - I told the magistrate so, I am quite sure - I don't know whether that was taken down - my deposition was read to me - I don't recollect whether that was taken down- I cannot tell when I had seen him before that - I see so many of them - I have seen him in the neighbourhood - I cannot tell where - the officer took him, but not in my presence - he was taken in Black-horse-yard, as the officer told me, that is not twenty yards from the spot - I did not say it was one hundred and twenty - I said under twenty - I was never a witness before.
SAMUEL PATRICK. I am a constable. I was in Aldgate, and saw Mr. Hall holding the prisoner - when I first observed him, the prisoner wrested himself from him and ran away - I followed and took him into custody in Blackhorse-yard, not twenty yards from the spot - I never lost sight of him.
JAMES HALL re-examined. I took hold of the prisoner when he was pulling the watch from the prosecutor - he was one of the two in front who I laid hold of, and he got away from me.
EDWARD EAGLES. This is my watch - a young man picked it up.
WILLIAM MAULKIN. I picked up the watch, and produced it to the gentleman.
The prisoner made no defence.
BENJAMIN BANNISTER, of No. 5, Longdale-street, Cannon-street-road, gave the prisoner a good character.
SAMUEL PATRICK. I have frequently seen the prisoner in company with five or six others, whom I know by sight.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
