






1243. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROSE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     PORTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Willson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  WILLSON
               



            . I lost my handkerchief on the 21st of May - I was told by Webb that it was taken as I was passing through the Bank-chambers


 about four o'clock- I did not see the prisoner at all; it was safe about an hour before.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  HENRY 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am clerk to a stock-broker. I saw Porter take the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket and pass it to Rose, who put it into his pocket - I told the prosecutor; Porter passed the prosecutor - Rose passed me, and was taken by the officer; I went on, and saw Porter tying up his garter - I did not take him, as there were several boys about calling Bill.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. What time was this? A. Near four o'clock in the Bank-chambers - there were only the prisoners, the prosecutor, and myself; I had never seen Porter before - I had plenty of opportunity of looking at him; he was taken the next day I believe - I suppose five or ten minutes elapsed from the time of his taking it, till I saw him again; he was then in a turning leading to Coleman-street - he walked away from the Bank-chambers; I did not think myself bound to take him - I swear distinctly he is the boy that took it.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM MORGAN
               



            . I am an officer. I saw both the prisoners go down Bartholomew-lane, and cross into Bank-chambers - they followed the prosecutor; Rose came running back just as I got to the gate, and I took him - I do not know that I had seen him before that day, but I knew Porter; I am sure they were together - there were two others who, I suppose, were with them, but they did not go in; when they saw the bustle they ran off. I found the handkerchief on Rose.
Porter's Defence. I was taking a walk, and this officer took hold of me, and said, "You will soon see your companion, come along with me."
ROSE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
PORTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
