





818. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     ASBRIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 1 box, value 14s.; 2 coats, value 3l.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 1l.; 2 waistcoats, value 15s.; 6 shirts, value 20s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; 2 aprons, value 2s.; 2 candlesticks, value 4s.; 1 hat, value 8s., and 1 Prayer-book, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mortimer
                  




               
            .
JOHN MORTIMER. I am a stone mason
. I came from Peterborough to town in the waggon with my wife, on the 15th of February - the prisoner travelled with us from the same place; I had not known her before - we arrived at the Rose-inn, Smithfield


, between ten and eleven o'clock, on the 15th of February - I had four boxes, which I left in care of the proprietor of the waggon - they were not taken out in my presence; the prisoner, my wife, and I left the inn, and went to Oxford-street, and when we got to Bond-street, the prisoner took leave of us - we went to see about a place to live in, and went back to the inn about five o'clock in the evening; two of our boxes were then gone, they contained all the articles stated in the indictment; some of them we have found, but some are lost -I wrote a letter to Peterborough, and received an answer, which enabled me to find the prisoner at some lodging, in the Edgware-road, on the 9th of March; she denied all knowledge of the boxes, but afterwards she said she met a strange man in the street, and asked him what he would give her upon the box - that he took it, and brought her back a 1l. note; I said there are no notes passing now - she then said a pound's worth of silver; I had her lodgings searched, and found some of my property, which had been in the box; I found some articles at the pawnbroker's.


                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES
               



             JOYCE. I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I have a suit of clothes, pawned by Valentine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE
               



             POCOCK. I have a flannel shirt, coat, and waistcoat, pawned by Valentine.


                  CHARLES 
                  VALENTINE
               



            . I am a butcher. I have known the prisoner better than two years; she had been in town before, and my mother knew her; on the 15th of February, between one and two o'clock she came and took me to Smithfield with her - she asked for two boxes; one was standing against the door, and the other on the rails; she did not pay for them - she said she would pay when she came for the others; she said they belonged to her - I took them to my mother's house in Carlisle-place; the prisoner had got a situation at No. 23, Portland-place, and I thought it was her property - she sent me to pawn the articles produced, and I gave her the money and duplicates.


                  JOHN 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



            . I am an officer. I went to thelodging, and found part of this property, which the prosecutor owns.


                  MARY 
                  MORTIMER
               



            . I came with my husband from Peterborough; I know the prisoner, but was not acquainted with her; she was in service, I believe - this is the property that was in the boxes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
