





110. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MURPHY, alias 
ANN SMITH





               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of December
, 1 purse, value 6d., and 20 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Wallace
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  WALLACE
               



            . I am a mariner
, and live at South Shields. On Wednesday night, the 1st of December, the prisoner, who was a stranger, was standing in the street, and I asked her to show me into Ratcliffe-highway- we were then at the corner of Bluegate-fields; we went to a public-house, kept by Mrs. Davis - I had twenty sovereigns in a purse in my left-hand breeches pocket; I did not go to any house with her, but we went down Gravel-lane


, and there I lost my recollection - the next morning I found myself in the watch-house, and my purse and money were gone; the prisoner is the person who was with me at Mrs. Davis', and she was the last girl who was with me.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Had you been drinking before you went to Davis'? A. Yes, but I had not lost my recollection; I had been with two cousins, a male and a female - I have said that the person who took my money had a black cloak on - I was told I had charged a man named Haggerty with robbing me, but if I said any thing it was the effect of the liquor; I do not know whether I charged a man named Melville with robbing me; I might have done so - I took a small glass of gin at Davis'.


                  SARAH 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am landlady of the Marquiss of Wellington, High-street, Shadwell. I remember the prosecutor and the prisoner being at my house - they had a quartern of gin, and a small glass of brandy; the prosecutor first took out some silver to pay for it, and then he took out a purse with a quantity of gold in it - he wanted me to change a sovereign; I said as he had silver I would not - he put it into his purse and put the purse into his left-hand trousers pocket; they went away together.
Cross-examined. Q. You could not see his pocket? A. No, it was below the counter - he seemed capable of conducting himself as far as I saw; the purse might have fallen, but it was not likely.


                  JOHN 
                  MELVILLE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On that Wednesday evening I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner, about ten minutes before twelve o'clock: they were coming up Ratcliff-highway, and the prosecutor was upbraiding her for not letting him go - when he saw me, he said "Officer, I must throw myself under your protection, this woman won't let me go;" she had hold of his clothes -I said, "You had better go about your business, and let this man alone;" I asked him where he wanted to go - he said"To Old Gravel-lane;" I said I would show him the way - she followed; and said "Just let me speak to him" - and she whispered something in his ear, but she did not do any thing then; he got on to the corner of a turning, and said to me "Will you have a glass of grog?" I then saw that he was in liquor - he pulled out a leather purse, and said"You think I am deceiving you; but I have money" - and he shook the purse; I took him over the bridge, and he said "Will you see me on board my ship?" I said, "I can't, unless you go to the inspector and ask his leave: if you go there and are in liquor they will send you to the watch-house" - he felt horrified at that, and said "I will go by myself" - I said "Go on, and if I meet the woman I will turn her back" - I did not meet her - after the prosecutor had shown me his purse, he put it into his pocket and buttoned it up.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it dark when he showed it you? A. It was under a lamp; the way we went, and I returned, was the only way to get over the bridge; I did not meet the prisoner - it is a place of great thoroughfare but not much frequented by women of the town.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN ROBERTSON
               



            . I am shopman at No. 3, Shadwell. On the Thursday morning, between eight and nine the prisoner came to our shop - I had known her before, as she had dealt there; she leaned over the counter. and asked me if I would keep 4l. for her till she called herself for it - these are the sovereigns; she had more gold and silver in her hand - I saw it distinctly; I afterwards heard of the robbery, and gave information.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on Thursday week, between seven and eight o'clock in the afternoon; there was a disturbance - I went to it; the prisoner saw me, and she walked off and concealed her face - I told her I was ordered to apprehend her; she said, "O God, my life is in your hands" - I said, "It is not come to that yet, I hope;" she appeared very faint, and wished to have something to drink - I allowed her to go into a public-house; she called for half a pint of gin, but could not drink one glass - we then came out, and at the door she spoke to two men; another girl then came up, and said she would assist to take her down - I got her to Ratcliff-highway, and she saw a servant-boy at the house of Mr. Rogers; she wished him good by - I then took her to the shop where Mr. Robertson lives; he said he knew her well - she said to him,"The four sovereigns I deposited in your hand this morning, I robbed my landlady of" - I then took her to the watch-house, and, in the presence of the inspector, and in my hearing, she said she had not deposited any money in any person's hands that day - in a few minutes afterwards, she said she had deposited the four sovereigns, and that they were left her by a sister who had died.
Cross-examined. Q. You never told her what was the charge? A. No, the two men asked me, but I said I didnot know - I was not at the station when the prosecutor stated that it was a man who had robbed him.


                  MARY 
                  WELSH
               



            . The prisoner lodged in my house - I had told her to quit; I had not been robbed of any sovereigns - I have not had four sovereigns of my own for a long time.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FAGAN
               



            . I am inspector of Police. The prosecutor was brought to the watch-house a little after twelve o'clock at night in a state of intoxication - he said he had been robbed; I searched him, found 8s. in his right hand pocket, and some halfpence in his left - he said he had lost eighteen or twenty sovereigns; I took him before the Magistrate in the morning - he there said he had been robbed by a woman; but in the first instance he had accused our man - the following evening the prisoner was brought in; I asked if she had deposited any money - she said several times she had not; but after telling her where she had deposited it, she said "My sister died and left it me."
Cross-examined. Q. Then the prosecutor had charged a man with it the first night? A. Yes, a man named Haggerty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
