






Before Mr. Justice Taunton.
942. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LEE
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BATEMAN
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Stephen 
                        Minter
                     




                  , on the 5th of June
, at St. Luke


, and stealing therein 1 half-pint of Noyeau, value 2s.; 1 quart of of raspberry, value 2s.; 1 quart of anniseed, value 2s.; 1 half-pint of brandy, value 1s. 6d.; 7 bottles, value 1l.; 1 rattle, value 1s.; 2 cocks, value 9s.; 1 tap cock, value 2s.; 3 sixpences, and the sum of 3s. in copper monies, his property
            .
STEPHEN MINTER. I live at the Bell, Red Lion Market


, in the parish of St. Luke. I took possession of the house on the 2nd of May, and on the 5th of June, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, I discovered that my house had been broken open - I found the side door broken open - the front door was quite fast - the parlour door was wide open - that is at the back of the house - I left that door and window perfectly safe when I went to bed the night before - I saw myself that they were safe just before twelve o'clock - I could not find how they had got to the door and window - I saw no marks of violence - I had not heard them opened, though I slept on the first floor - they must have been opened from the outside - I missed seven ornamental quart bottles, of different cordials, from the bar- I had seen them there when I went to bed at night - they are worth 1l. - I missed all my money out of my till, three sixpences, and 3s. in half-pence and farthings - I missed a coat from the bar, worth 5s. - and another coat belonging to the late landlord's son was gone, that was worth 4s. - I had seen them the night before - also a watchman's rattle and a tapping cock.


                  JAMES 
                  TIDY
               



            . I live in Golden-lane - I am out of business - I slept in this house on the night of the robbery - I saw the bottles of cordials on the shelf about eleven o'clock, when I went to bed - the bottles were not full, any of them - there was raspberry, anniseed, noyeau, and some brandy - the brandy bottle was a very old one indeed - I had kept the house before the prosecutor came to it, and the bottles were part of the stock when I was there - I had had them about seven years - the liquors were changed during that time - (bottles produced) - this brandy bottle, which is broken, was whole when it was taken away- it had about half-a-pint of brandy in it.


                  CHARLES 
                  SCOTCHMER
               



            . I am a policeman. I was out on Thursday morning, the 5th of June, in Golden-lane, on duty - about ten o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners come out of a marine store shop in Golden-lane - Lee was carrying something in his apron - I asked him what he had got - he said he bought them of a boy - I asked what boy - he then said, "I will tell you the truth," and said, some sweeps gave them him to sell - Bateman ran away while I was talking to Lee; he is a sweep
 - I then asked him what sweeps - he said, they lived in Brackley-street; but, said he, "I am d-d if I split, I would sooner be transported myself" - I took him to the station-house, with two bottles which I found in his apron - at the station-house, when I searched him, I found three sixpences - Lee was taken afterwards to Worship-street, and said, "Charley, if you go to that house in Golden-lane, where you saw me and the sweep come out, you will find two more bottles - the woman offered us 3s. for four bottles - (he did not say what woman) - and we would not take it" - I apprehended Bateman on the 9th of June, in Bedford-place, Clapham, at a sweep's, where he had got employment - I told him I took him for breaking into a house at the corner of Red Lion Market - he said he knew nothing of it until Tom Lee and Minion had been in the house - 
               Minion
             was in custody at that time for the offence - I had said nothing to induce him to give me an account - I neither threatened nor made him any promise - he said, that about three o'clock in the morning, Tom Lee and Minion went to the cellar, and told him they could put a shilling or two in his way; and took some half-pence and farthings out of their pockets and rattled them - that he then went with them to the market, where they had planted some things against Groom's shop - Groom is a sweep who lives in the market - he said, there he saw two coats, a rattle, a cock, and some bottles - the things were taken to the cellar, and what became of them afterwards, he did not know, except the two bottles which he went with Lee to sell - that he saw me, and thought it best to run away.


                  HENRY 
                  BERESFORD
               



            . I am a police-sergeant. In consequence of information, I went to a cellar in Brackley-street - on the Thursday morning, the 5th of June, about half an hour after Lee was brought in - I found it locked with a padlock - I broke it open, and in a large heap of ashes, I found two bottles, one quite broken, and the other with a little piece broken out - I found nothing more there- when Bateman was brought out of the station-house togo to Worship-street, he said he knew nothing of the robbery - I told him he was charged with being concerned with Lee, in breaking open the house in Red Lion market - he said he knew nothing of the robbery - I told him I had found two bottles at the cellar in Brackley-street, and I asked how he accounted for that - he said Lee and the other brought the coats and three bottles to the cellar; that they went out first, and sold the coats, and he afterwards accompanied Lee to sell the bottles.
JAMES TIDY re-examined. I know these bottles are the same as I left in the prosecutor's possession when he took the house - I had them in my possession many years, and some of them are very particular bottles - one I described before it was produced - it is blue; and here is a very particular bottle - I have had them in my possession seven years - I have no doubt of them.
Lee's Defence. I and Bateman were walking in Drury-lane about half-past eight o'clock, and met two young men with four bottles - they said they would give us part of them, if we went and sold them - they would wait at the corner of Golden lane for us - we were with them till nearly ten o'clock, we staid in the cellar, and emptied two bottles - I went to sell them, and as I came out of the shop, Scotchmer asked what I had got.
Bateman's Defence. Scotchmer has false sworn what I said to him coming from Clapham - as I came along, he said, "If you have any thing to say, now is the time to say it" - I told him the morning previous to the robbery, Lee and Minion came to the cellar, opened it, and called Cook out - Cook went out with them - I did not say I went out with them, or showed them any thing.
LEE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
BATEMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
