





1690. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLVILLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of July
, 3 live tame ducks, price 3s.; 2 live tame rabbits, price 2s., and 5 live tame fowls, price 5s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bean
                        



                     
                  ; 2 shifts, value 2s., and 1 petticoat, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Rustell
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BATTEE
               



            . I am servant to William Bean, who keeps rabbits and poultry in a shed
. On the 27th of July they were all safe at half-past six o'clock in the evening, when I fed them; at six o'clock the next morning I came to my work, and saw one rabbit running about - I went to put it into the hutch, and missed two others; I then missed the ducks and fowls - they were all tame: I know the prisoner - he does not live near me: I saw my property at the office the next day, and knew it - they were all dead then.


                  SARAH 
                  RUSTELL
               



            . I live in the same house as the prosecutor. On the evening of the 27th of July I saw my two shifts and petticoat hanging in the garden to dry, and the next morning I missed them - I afterwards saw them at Marylebone Office. I am single.


                  JOHN 
                  CONDON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 28th of July I was on duty at half-past four o'clock, in Harrow-road; I saw the prisoner with this bag; I asked what he had - he said a few things belonging to himself and his wife - I found in it the articles stated; he said he had bought them, but did not say where; I took him to the station, and found they belonged to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Bean
               



            , of Kensall-green - these witnesses live with him.
Prisoner. They were not found on me. Witness. Yes; the rabbits were round your body.
Prisoner's Defence. There were given me by a man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 63. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
