





765. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, 1 pair of trousers, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Dawson
                  




               
            .


                  NATHANIEL 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I am a clothier
, and live in Cornhill


. On the 30th of March, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw these trousers about a yard within my doorway - I was sent for about nine, and found the prisoner in custody with them; I saw them in possession of the officer that night, and am certain they are mine - my privatemark is on them; they had not been sold.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a jeweller. I was standing at Mr. Lake's door, in the Minories, where I live, and saw the prisoner come by; he had got nothing then - I had seen him several nights following gentlemen, and I followed him up the Minories, down Lombard-street, as far as Mr. Dawson's shop, and saw him aiming at something inside the door - I saw him suatch the trousers from inside the shop, and run up a court at the corner; I ran up the court after him, and brought him back to Mr. Dawson's with the trousers under his arm - a constable was sent for, and took him; I am sure he is the person - there were two more in his company, who ran away directly they saw me run up the court.
Prisoner. Q.Did you find the trousers in my possession? A. I did.
Prisoner. A young man collared me, and the trousers laid in a door-way - he told the young gentleman to pick them up; he said I went up the court, put my arm round, and took them. Witness. I saw him take them - he did not drop them; they were in his possession till I took him into Dawson's shop - I never gave any other account of it than I have now.


                  RICHARD 
                  SAMUEL EDE
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - Smith came and made the same charge against him as he has now.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. My mother was very ill - I went over the water to my aunt, and as I returned I passed this unfortunate place, and saw the trousers lay in a door-way; this gentleman came, attacked me, and called to another, who he said was his shopmate, to take the trousers up off the floor, which he did - I have no friends, therefore they impose on me by saying what is wrong.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
