





1082. 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY LEWORTHY 
                     GARLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of April
, 13 balls of string, value 12s.; 8 lbs. of hemp, value 9s.; 4 brushes, value 2l., and 3 gross of camel hair pencils, value 9s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a brush-maker
, and live in Gray's Inn-road


. The prisoner was my journeyman
 for about ten weeks - I had information, in consequence of which I examined my stock, and missed this string and a quantity of other things; I had missed camel hair pencils before - the four brushes were worth more than 2l.; I had the prisoner apprehended on the 2nd of April - I am certain the articles in question are part of my stock, and could never have been sold - the brushes are not finished.


                  JAMES 
                  MANDELL
               



            . I am a Policeman. On Monday, the 2nd of April, about five o'clock in the afternoon the prisoner was called out of a public-house in St. John-street - I took him, and said he was charged with robbing his employer; he said, "Very well, I will go with you;" he did not deny it - I found on him eleven duplicates; one was for some brushes, and one for three gross of camel hair pencils - nine were for wearing-apparel.


                  JOHN 
                  PERRIN
               



            . I am a greengrocer. The prisoner lodged with me nearly twelve months - I intimated to Mr. Thompson suspicions which I had - I saw six brushes of this description in the prisoner's cupboard since Christmas, but cannot say when; and he brought some string home.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GILKES
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Gray's lon-road; I have known the prisoner some time by sight. On Thursday evening, the 29th of March, he brought me a ball of twine, as a sample of some, and offered it for sale; he said he had more, and that he took it in barter for some things, at 1s. 6d. a pound; he then offered me some at 14d. - I asked why he sold it at 4d. a pound less than it cost him; he said he had bartered it for other goods that he must have lost considerably by, and that he lived at Perrin's, in Charlotte-street - he went home, and brought ten more bundles, they weighed 5 1/2lbs.; I bought them of him - he had 8d. in money, and the rest in goods - on Monday, the 2nd of April, about half-past ten o'clock, Perrin came to me; I told him of this, in consequence of what he stated, and took the twine to Mr. Thompson, who said he could swear to it.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a harness-maker. I bought 8 lbs. of hemp of the prisoner, about three weeks before he was taken; I afterwards took it to Thompson's son, who claimed it, and compared it with some in his warehouse -I bought two balls of twine of him, on the 29th of March, for 10d.; Thompson claimed that.


                  JOHN 
                  ABETHELL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Loveday, a pawnbroker. On the 28th of January, the prisoner pawned four brushes, in the name of Anthony Garland, No. 22, Charlotte-street; I knew him before.


                  JAMES 
                  MOTT
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Bulworthy, pawnbroker. On the 15th of February, a man, not the prisoner, pawned some brushes, in the name of Charles Lilly, No. 3, Clerkenwell-green; they are very small, and I put them down as brushes.


                  CHARLES 
                  LILLY
               



            . I am a watch-guard and chain maker. On the 15th of February I pawned three gross of camel-hair pencils for him, for 5s.; I live at Clerkenwellgreen - I gave him the duplicate; this is it - Thompson swore to a mark on the paper the pencils are in.
Prisoner. Q. Where they not pawned to advance your brother money to get his tools out of pawn? A. I do not know; you lent him 3s. - you said you had been in business at Taunton, and produced these things as your old stock.


                  JAMES 
                  MANDELL
               



            . I found on him this duplicate in the name of Lilly, and one in the name of Garland.
MR. THOMPSON. The writing on the paper these camel hair parcels are in, is the writing of one of my men - this string is a very peculiar sort; I have not the smallest doubt of its being part of my stock - I missed a great deal more; these four brushes, I am confident, are mine - I always get up this description of work myself; they have never been sold - the hemp has the same mark on the paper as is on my stock; I miss a great deal.
Prisoner. The writing on the paper the pencils are in, is my own. Witness. I am confident it is the writing of a servant I had in my employ; I know the paper the brushes are in; I know the long badger hair brushes from the manner of their manufacture - I never sold them, and cannot be mistaken in them; I could point them out among one thousand; and I never saw such twine as this in London.

Prisoner's Defence. I carried on business as a brush-maker in Somersetshire for several years, and was cryer to the Court of Quarter Sessions there, but from unforeseen circumstances, was obliged to give up business and my situation; the pencils are part of the stock I had left, and the paper the goods are in I bought of Mr. Hasty, opposite where I lodge - the writing on it is my own - the four brushes are my own manufacture; as to the string, I bought it of a hawker in the street, in exchange for other goods.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
