





Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
1924. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, 1 watch, value 8l.; 1 chain, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 10s., and 6 studs, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Henry 
                           Desborough
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Atkinson 
                        Morley
                     



.
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY DESBOROUGH
               



            . I live in Huntingdonshire. On Tuesday, the 26th of July, I was residing at the Burlington hotel, Cork-street, in the parish of St. James'


, of which Atkinson Morley is the proprietor, and lives there. About six o'clock that evening I went out, leaving a gold watch and appendages on my dressing-room table in my bed room - the watch cost 20l.; I returned about one o'clock in the morning, and about eleven in the morning I missed them - I gave notice to my servant, who had attended when I dressed, and about the 6th of July I found my property at Worship-street office.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOTT
               



            . I am the prosecutor's servant. I attended him to dress, and after he left I saw the watch and property on the dressing-table, about ten minutes after seven o'clock; he informed me of his loss next morning.


                  CHARLES 
                  WORLEY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cassell, a pawnbroker, Old-street. On the 26th of June, about eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to our shop, and pawned a gold watch, a gold chain, and six shirt studs, in the name of John Stennet - I have seen him frequently before, and am certain of him.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not say it was not for myself? A. I asked him what name - he said, "The name I in general pawn in, 
               J. 
            Stennet," and that is the name I always knew him by.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERT CASSELL
               



            . My attention was directed to this property, and on Tuesday, the 3rd of July, the prisoner came to the shop - I said I was busy, and would attend to him presently; I sent for a Policeman, and gave him in charge; I said to the prisoner, "You recollect pawning a gold watch and other things here last Tuesday"- he hesitated a moment, and then said he did; I told him it was taken from Burlington hotel - I do not recollect his making any remark.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prisoner was given into my charge; Mr. Cassell told him the watch was stolen from the Burlington hotel - he said he could answer for all that.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I received the watch from a young man who was transported last Surrey Session; I told Cassell's man I did not pawn it for myself - he did not ask what name, but put it in the name he knew me by; is it likely if I had stolen it that I should have gone to the shop a week after?



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
There were three other indictments against the prisoner.
