





317. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     FENWICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing. on the 16th of December
, 1 sovereign
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Preece
                  




               
            .



                  JAMES 
                  PREECE
               



            . I am a servant out of place
. I lived last in Herefordshire - I had been in town about a month, and met the prisoner on the 16th of December, in George-street, Westminster, and went with her to a room in New Tothill-street


, about eight o'clock, and about half-past two in the morning I had occasion to go down stairs to the water-closet, and left my trousers on a chair by the bedside - I had two sovereigns, and 4s., 5s., or 6s. in my pocket, for I felt them there before I went down - there was no light in the room: I came up in two or three minutes, and missed my money from my pocket - I had felt the sovereigns in the pocket; as I came up stairs I met her coming down; she used ill language to me, and desired me to go out of the room, or she would kick me out, or send for somebody who would put me out - I begged of her to be civil, and I would go; I put my clothes on, went down, and stood at the door till the Policeman came up I told him; he made them open the door, and he got the money.


                  MICHAEL 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty about half-past two o'clock; the prosecutor told me he had been robbed of a sovereign - I went to the house; he said he had two sovereigns, and one was left; I went up to the prisoner, and asked if she knew any thing of the money - she said No; I was going to take her to the watch-house - she asked leave to go down stairs to borrow a sovereign, which she said she would give him sooner than go; she asked an old woman to lend her a sovereign - she said she had not got one, but would give her one about six o'clock in the morning; she then spoke to the old woman in Irish, and told her the money was under the mat, and to get it; (I am an Irishman) - she said if she was allowed to go out she would make it all right; I let her go with the woman - they tried to lock me in, but I pulled the door open, and there was she and the woman picking up the money from the mat; there was a sovereign, four shillings, and 6 1/2d.


                  JAMES 
                  PREECE
               



            . I missed a farthing.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in a very great passion - I went up stairs, and asked what he was doing; I was in liquor, and if I abused him I do not know it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
