



1122. 




MARY ANN JONES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
30th of January, 1 shirt, value 1s.; and 1 shift, value 4s.; the goods of 



Ann. Abraham.






JOHN WALKER
 (police constable R 182.) I was on duty on the 9th of February, in East-lane, Greenwich. The prisoner's father came to me, and in consequence of what he said, I went to Hogg-lane—I saw the prisoner there—her father said to her, "Now, Mary, tell the policeman what you have been doing—tell him the, truth"—I did not encourage her to tell me—I said nothing to her—another girl of the name of Gainey was taken that night for stealing linen, and her father said that he had heard that some policemen had been to his house after his girl. (See page 905.)





THOMAS JONES
. I am the prisoner's father. I fetched the policeman on the 9th of February—my daughter was then at home—she had not left the house from about eight o'clock at night—a person came to my house, and stated that my daughter had been out with Catherine Gainey, that Gainey was taken with a lot of wet linen; and that my daughter had run away—I told my daughter that it would be a deal better for her if she would tell what she knew about it, and she said she knew nothing about it—I then went to the policeman, and told him what I had heard—I told him my daughter was at home, and had not been out that night.





JOHN WALKER
 (continued.) When the prisoner's father told her to tell

me if she knew any thing about it, she said, that about a fortnight ago, she and Gainey were together, coming by a house at the lime-kilns, and Gainey said she would have a shirt or a shift, to pay her lodging—that Gainey went into the garden, and that she herself had run away—she said she would take me to the house where Gainey had taken them from—I went to the house, and found Mrs. Abraham—she had lost a shirt and a shift about a fortnight ago—I took the prisoner to the station-house, and the Inspector would not detain her—on the next day I got farther information—I went to the prisoner, and told her she must go with me to the station-house, for stealing a shirt and shift—she said she did not steal them, it was Gainey gave them her to pledge, and she had dried them at Mrs. Gooden's, and pledged them—that was the information I had heard.





CHARLES WILLIAMS
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Trafalgar-road, Greenwich. I produce a shift pawned at our house on the 31st of January, in the name of Mary James—I do not know the prisoner.





ELIZABETH GOODEN
. I am a widow, and live in East-lane, Greenwich. The prisoner called on me on the 9th of February, and brought a shift to dry—I said, "Mary, have you got no fire at home?"—she said, "No"—after she had dried it, she took it to Mr. Williams—I did not go with her, but she said she was going there to pawn it for 1s. 6d.—she came to me on the Thursday, and said, "You may burn the ticket"—I said, "Mary, do not do that, if you like I will take care of it for you"—I gave it her again on the Friday night.

Prisoner. She had 9d. of the money. Witness. I never saw a halfpenny of it—it was the 9th of February, as near as I can guess.





ANN ABRAHAM
. I am single, and live in Burling's-gardens, Greenwich. This shift was entrusted with me to wash, it belongs to a servant of Mr. Court's, who lives in Meeting-house-lane, Peckham—I washed it on Wednesday, and gave it to a woman I employ to hang out—I missed it in the evening—my yard is enclosed.





CHARLOTTE DANSON
. I am servant to Mrs. Abraham. On the 30th of January, I received the shift from her, and hung it out in the front garden—I missed it in the evening—this is the shift.




GUILTY
.*** Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.
