





1820. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GOSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of July
, 1 ewe, price 30s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Skinner
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SKINNER
               



            . I am a salesman and drover
. I had a ewe sent me from Kennington to Smithfield; she then became my property; I was responsible for it. I saw it into Smithfield


 between four and five o'clock in the morning on the 2nd of July; two of my servants brought her with seventy or eighty other sheep; I know the prisoner by his working in the market for different drovers
; I never authorized him to have possession of the ewe; on the second examination, he wished to see me, and I went into the lock-up place to him - I made him no promise or threat; he then said that the sheep belonged to me, and he had let 
               
                  Robert 
                  Smith
               



             have it, who had made 18s. of it, and had not given him any part of it; I made inquiries round Newgate-market, but could not find the butcher who had bought it - I never saw the sheep again.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me with the sheep? A. No; I went to you about three or four o'clock in the afternoon; you said Smith and a man they call Cucumber, had the sheep; I do not recollect Cucumber's saying that he saw you throw the sheep into the pens, and that he helped you to lift it.


                  NISBY 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a drover, and attend Smithfield-market; I remember seeing the ewe between four and five o'clock in the morning in the pens with other sheep; I did not see it any more till twelve o'clock in the day, when we were taking it home with some other sheep which she came with in the morning, belonging to a person named Wilkinson; the prisoner came and took that sheep away from the others - he carried it off; I knew he had no right to it, and asked why he took it; he said it was a sheep he had put into the pens in the morning - it has never been found since.
EDWARD JENKINS. I am a drover. I was standing with the sheep from the first thing in the morning till they were taken out at dinner time - Goss came and laid hold of this sheep; I asked what he was going to do with it - he said to put into the pens, where he had put it before; I told him it was ours - he called me a liar, and would not let me have it; it was my master's, and I had charge of it all the morning - it was a Kent ewe; the prisoner said it was a little half-bred sheep.
Prisoner's Defence. I caught the sheep at half-past ten in the morning, running round the market, with three dogs after it; it is a regular thing to take a sheep or bullock that runs loose, to take care of - Smith asked me for it afterwards; I showed it to him, and he took it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
