



1407. 




WILLIAM DAVIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of May, 114 lbs. weight of lead, value 25s., the goods of 



Susan Chapman, and fixed to a building; and that he had before been convicted of felony.






JOHN HARDY
 (police-constable D 150.) On the morning of the 16th of May I was in Edgeware-road, about a quarter to two o'clock, I heard a noise on the roofs of some small shops there, and saw the prisoner lying on his belly on the roof of Mr. Dolman's shop, a carver and gilder—I called to him, and asked what he did there—he made no answer—I sprang my rattle—he then jumped off into a passage, into a garden, and over a wall, he was jumping over another wall, when I collared him, and asked what he did on the roof of the shop—he said, "For God's sake, give me my hat," but he had it on at the time—I gave him to another officer—on examining the roof where he laid, I found a quantity of lead cut from it,

and standing in the garden at the corner of Winchester-row—I found this knife lying on the spot where the prisoner was lying—I came down and told him I must take him to the station-house—on the way I asked him what he was going to do with that lead—he said, "What lead?"—I said, "That lead," Pointing to the lead which the men were carrying—he made no answer—I said, "If you won't tell me, perhaps you will tell somebody else"—I asked where he lived—he said, in Rochester-row, Westminster, but at the station-house he told the inspector he lived in Stafford-row—I found on him 9s. and odd, a knife, a comb, and a key—I have fitted the lead to the part of the roof stripped, and it exactly corresponds, and made up the quantity—there was 114lbs. of it.





THOMAS CHAPMAN
. I live at the Crown public-house, Edgeware-road. My mother, Susannah Chapman, is the owner of the shop occupied by Mr. Dolman—I have examined the roof of the shop, and found a quantity of lead quite fresh cut from it—I have examined the lead found, and have not a doubt it belongs to it—the roof is about eight feet high—a person could climb up by the window sill.





RICHARD HANCOCK
 (police-constable T 10). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—I was a witness on the trial—he is the person described in the certificate, I am sure (read.)

Prisoner. I never was convicted here in my life. Witness. I had apprehended him and had known him for seven or eight month before, and his family—he has two brothers out of the country now—I apprehended him with wet linen in his hat, and he was sentenced to transportation, but only went to Woolwich, and I understand his time was given him—he has been at home about five months.

Prisoner. I was never at Woolwich in my life—I was very much intoxicated, and did not recollect any thing of this till the next morning




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
