







436. 
               
                  
                     BERNARD 
                     BRANNAM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 12 pieces of wood, value 30s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Cockerton
                  




               
            , the younger.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARNELL
               



            . I am a carpenter in the employ of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Cockerton
               



            , sen., but the property belongs to his son - this wood was deposited in the City-road


, where we were rebuilding a house - there was a great quantity of wood in the enclosure - it had belonged to the old house, and was about to be used again - a hoard went round the building - the prisoner Brannan was employed as a labourer
.


                  THOMAS 
                  SALLOWS
               



             (policeman). On the morning of Saturday, the 1st of February, about a quarter past six o'clock, I was on duty in the City-road - I walked past this building, and saw the male prisoner come out with a piece of wood from the building - he took it across the road, and threw it down by the curb - the female prisoner was standing there, behind a truck which a boy was holding - she took it up and put it into the truck, and he went back and fetched the second piece - I met him coming with the second piece - I said, "Oh" - he took no notice, and went over and threw that down, came back and fetched a third piece - the woman laid the second piece on the truck, and Brannan put the third piece on the turck himself - he laid hold of the truck, and assisted the boy to drag it to Old-street - I went back to the hoard, and found the door shut, which Brannan had left open - I followed the truck up a street, and met Brannan coming back - I went after the truck and found the woman behind it, and the boy holding the handle - I stopped the woman, and said, "Where are you going with the wood?" - she said, "To No. 20, George-yard, Golden-lane" - I asked who the truck belonged to - she said it was her own - I followed it into Old-street - I there saw two brother officers - I went and told them to take charge of her - I went back to the building, and found the door shut, as if nobody had been there at all - I went back - one of my brother officers took the woman to the station-house, and I took the wood - I returned to the building - my brother officer waited at the building, while I went to the prisoner's house - while I was gone my brother officer took him.
Cross-examined by Mr. PAYNE. Q. The woman told you she was going to take it to No. 20, George-yard - did you go and see if that was her residence? A. Yes; and found she lived there - I saw the wood brought out and put on the truck - it was rather dark - the woman could not see me on the other side of the road - I cannot say she did not see me - there were gas-lamps there - she was busy loading the wood - she told me at once where she was going.


                  JOHN 
                  CONNER
               



            . I am a policeman - on the 1st of February I was on duty in Old-street - Sallows called my attention to the woman - I detained her; I asked her how many pieces of wood there were in the truck - she made no reply - I asked her how much they cost - she said that was her business - I said to Sallows, "I will detain her, go back and see if the things are right;" and as he went away she ran away - I went and fetched her back.
W. PARNELL re-examined. I have seen the wood, it is my master's property, and worth about 30s.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it? A. One part of it remained in the party-wall, and it fitted it - Brannan had no business there so early - he used to come rather early - there was no workman there then.
Brannan's Defence. When we began pulling down the building, there was a deal of old laths and old wood, and it was given us as perquisites, or to buy some beer with - I will tell the truth - we got this on purpose to sell the laths and a few chips of wood - this woman came to me two or three times - I saw some of the laths and chips; on this morning - I could bring witnesses that I was in bed at the time this occurred - I am a man in a poor way of business, and have a motherless family, in the greatest want of me to provide for them.
Welch's Defence. I am a poor woman - I have got my living by this work these five years - having a helpless sick husband who I buried - he had but 6d. pension - I sold wood and bought it - I was coming from the New North-road, and met Brannan not knowing him - I asked him if there was any old wood to be sold at the building - he said,"Yes" - I asked him who had the selling of it - he said he had - I asked him what time I might call for a few shillings worth - he said, "On Saturday morning, at half-past six o'clock," and I was there at that time - I get my living by it - the man was in the building when I came to him - I gave him the money he demanded of me.

W. 
            PARNELL. The wood is worth 30s. - it is not such as would be given as perquisites.
(
               
                  John 
                  Crawley
               



            , labouring-man, Whitecross-street, - 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Lane
               



            , and 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Bryan
               



            , Chamber-street, Whitechapel, gave the prisoner Welch a good character.)
BRANNAN - 

               GUILTY
            .* Aged 29.
WELCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
