





2117. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, 6 handkerchiefs, value 24s., and 2 yards of flannel, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Ensoll
                  




               
            .
RICHARD ENSOLL. I am a hosier
, and live in Broad-street, St. Giles'


. On the 11th of October, about half-past three o'clock, I saw this property in my back parlour - I was up stairs about ten minutes after, and heard a call of Stop thief! I saw somebody cross the road - I ran down, ran across, and a crowd had stopped the prisoner; these handkerchiefs and flannel were found in his hat, which he held in his hand - they were separate handkerchiefs, and the flannel was put inside to make one appear like a piece; they have no mark, but are the same pattern, and I have no doubt of them.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q. Can you swear these were on your counter ten minutes before? A. There are so many alike, it is impossible to swear to one in particular; there was nobody in the shop - Mrs. Ensoll was in the parlour.
COURT. Q. Do the handkerchiefs correspond in quality and quantity with what you lost? A. I cannot tell what quantity I lost - they are the same quality and pattern; the flannel is in them - the prisoner did not claim them; I never sold him any - I believe them to be mine; I missed some off the counter.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOBBY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I found the prisoner in custody in Mr. Ensoll's shop; he said before the Magistrate that they were his own - I found a pair of scissors on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them of a hawker in Tottenham-court-road, for 22s. - my brother had desired me to buy some to send into the country.
MR. ENSOLL. There is flannel in the handkerchiefs, and I miss both flannel and handkerchiefs.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
