






72. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WILD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     GARDNER
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, 11 pair of stockings, value 14s.; 12 caps, value 14s.; and 1000 yards of net, value 3l. 12s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Fenner
                        




                     
                  , and that Wild had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JOHN 
                  REDDISH TORBOCK
               



             (police-constable, 62 T.) About seven o'clock in the evening, on the 29th of October, I was on duty in the Uxbridge-road; the two prisoners passed me by the Coach and Horses - they had each a bundle in their hands; I told Wild I wished to know what his bundle contained  - he said, lace and stockings, and I was very welcome to look; I looked and it contained net caps, and stockings, with some pieces of pasteboard and part of a bonnet box broken up; I asked him where he brought them from - he said from Witney - I said that was not a place for buying such things, and I took him to the station-house; I asked him how many there were - he said when he bought them he had twelve caps, but he had sold three or four of them - they were counted and there were twelve of them; I then asked how many stockings there were - he said he had had twelve pairs but he had sold two or three pairs, and he had sold one pair that day for 8d. - I counted them and found ten pairs of worsted stockings, and one pair of cotton; I then asked Gardner the price of the net - she said she knew nothing of the price as he had bought every thing; I then asked Wild the price, he said "I gave 6d. a yard for it and I have sold it for 7d., 8d., or what I could get;" I said I should detain them for having goods and not giving a satisfactory account of them; we were about to lock them up when Gardner turned round and said,"I hope you will not have me locked up as I only met him a little while previous to meeting you, and he asked me to carry one bundle which I did" - Wild said "Mary how can you say such a thing? you are not only convicting me but yourself, though my punishment may be greater than yours; but as you have said a little I will say a little;" he then said he had met with her about twelve o'clock that day, in St. Giles's, and she said "It is a pity we have not got more money," and he said "I have got 6d. - let us go and have some alamode," and they went and had some; and then came out and took a walk, and between Shepherd's-bush and Acton, they met a hawker, who was very much intoxicated, and he asked him to take hold of his arm, and he asked Gardner to take the hawker's bundle; he said "She walked on towards London, and I kept hold of the man till I got to the dead wall and there I left him, and joined Gardner;" he also said he had been tried and convicted, about two years ago, and sentenced to death, but he was a man of very good education and by his address, he had got off with six months imprisonment; but he told the governor he could not go to hard labour, and he was put to solitary confinement and to live on bread and water - he was quite sober.
THOMAS FENNER. I am a dealer in British lace
; on the 29th of October, I was going from Shepherd's-bush to Acton; I was intoxicated and do not recollect any one coming up to me; but I had my bundle at the Black Lion at Bayswater; it contained twelve caps, worth 14s., about one thousand yards of net, worth 3l. 12s. 0d. and twelve pairs of stockings - I missed it when I got to Acton, between five and six o'clock - this is my property.


                  JOHN 
                  CRAFT
               



            . I live with the prosecutor. I went to Bayswater with him and gave him the bundle at the Black Lion - he was then sober.


                  EDWARD 
                  SCEENY
               



            . I come to identify the prisoner Wild - he was tried and convicted by the name of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Bradfield
               



             - I was present and know he is the man.
Wild's Defence. I was proceeding from London and overtook the man on the road; this woman was with me but she was a stranger; the man was tipsy and he asked me take his arm; he said, "Is that woman your wife?" I said yes; he said to her "My good woman carry this; I am so ill; I am broken hearted; I shall never get home;" he began to cry; and he gave her the bundle; when we got to Acton, he said, "Where is your wife?" I said "She is coming behind;" we went to the George, and he called for a pint of beer and a pipe of tobacco for me, and then he laid his head down and went to sleep; he gave the things to the woman; I did not take them from him.
Gardner's Defence written. On Tuesday, the 29th of October last, being out of a situation and wishing to get employwent as a servant of all work, in a public-house, I went to Mr. Wright's register-office, in Hatton-garden and I received the names of several public-houses at the west-end of the town, who were in want of servants. On my return towards home in the evening, I was accosted by the other prisoner, with two bundles under his arm, and to whom I was a perfect stranger, he asked me which way I was going; after some hesitation I stated I was going to my lodgings in the neighbourhood of Milton-street, upon which he said "I have just left my situation and am going into Holborn," and he would be glad if I would assist him in carrying one of his bundles, which he said contained his clothes, as far as I went, which request I foolishly complied with.
WILD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30 - 


               Transported for Life
            .
GARDNER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
