





1561. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GUNYON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, 1 gown, value 2s.; 1 shawl, value 25s.; 1 veil, value 2s.; 1 piece of silk, value 6d.; 1 bag, value 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 necklace, value 3s., and 2 bracelets, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Butt
               




            .
MARY BUTT. I lodge in Broad-street, Golden-square


; I keep my boxes in the kitchen - I am in the habit of going out to work from eight o'clock in the morning till eight at night; the prisoner was in the habit of coming to work there. On Sunday the 17th of July, I missed these articles from my boxes - they were worth about 4l.; I saw some of them on the 19th of July, when I took the prisoner - she had been at the house the day before I missed my property.


                  FRANCIS 
                  GARVIL
               



            . I keep a shop, at No. 9, Moor-street, Soho. On the 8th or 9th of July the prisoner came and offered me this black veil, a shift, and a pair of stockings for sale - she asked 5s. for them; I gave her 4s. 6d.; she said they were her own - she came again in a few days, and I purchased a pink waistband ribbon and a piece of very old lace, for 1s. 3d. - that was before the 17th of July; I have the veil and the hand here.


                  ANN 
                  WEATS
               



            . I keep a second-hand clothes shop, at No. 19, Compton-street, Soho. The prisoner came on the 18th of July, about nine o'clock in the morning, and brought this old petticoat, a bag, and a waistband; she asked me 1s. for them, and I gave her 8d.


                  GEORGE 
                  HORMAN
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Baxter, a pawnbroker, of Middlesex-hospital. I took in this gown of the prisoner on the 19th of July, for 5s. - she pawned this shawl, but I did not see it; these are the duplicates of the gown and shawl.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoner in custody on the 19th of July - I found this duplicate of the gown and this necklace, in her pocket, and 4s. 31/4d., which she said was part of the money for which she had disposed of the articles; in consequence of what she said I went to search for them, and found them exposed for sale.
MARY BUTT. These are my property - the prisoner had lived in service there about nine weeks; she had 2s. a week.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
