



2713. 




JAMES GOODWIN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of September, 49 yards of linen cloth, value 7l. 2 1/2 yards of lawn, value 7s.; and 2 table-covers, value 14s.; the goods of 



Charles Johnson., his master.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES WILLIAM DOWNING
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Morleys in Gutter-lane—I was shopman to Mr. Charles Johnson, in September last—the prisoner was his porter—he had been there about five weeks On the 18th of September, in consequence of finding something I sent for Bennett the officer, and went with him and the prisoner to his lodging, No. 19, Clifton-street, North-road, and in a pan of water, in the kitchen, was found a piece of linen, about two or three yards—this is it there is a mark of "No. 26" on it—it was merely the mark of the length—I did not know the mark—in a bed-room I found a short length of linen, with the mark, "26" on it—it is a custom in the trade to mark both ends of the linen with the same mark—these were similarly marked to the other pieces which were in my master's possession—I left the prisoner at his lodgings, and communicated with my employer—I went next morning to the prisoner's lodging with sergeant Dick—we found the same two lengths there—the mark was on one, but off the other—it had been taken off—here is the one that has the mark on it—I took the linen away, and two table-covers, which I know to have formed part of our stock—we found another piece of linen at Attenbrough's, the pawnbroker's, marked "F 107"—I knew that to be Mr. Johnson's—it is the remaining part of the piece which was found at the prisoner's house—I am quite certain of that—it makes the twenty-six yards complete—it was one of the pieces bought on the 2nd of March last—we bought eight pieces, from No. 100 to 107, with the letter "F" marked on each—this piece was sent out to a customer on the 21st of June, and returned to Mr. Johnson—here is another piece of linen with a mark, which appears to have been rubbed out—I saw it in Finnigan's possession, and am quite positive it is Mr. Johnson's—it is the only piece we had in the house marked in this partícular way, with a red mark, and I saw the pencil-marks on it—lawn is marked by means of a small piece of linen, on which the private mark is written and pinned near the end—on this piece of lawn here are the pin-holes, but the linen is not here—this is the part of the lawn where the mark was put.

Prisoner. When you came to me over night, you took the two pieces of linen away, one of which my wife had put in soak, and which she bought—the policeman took them away. Witness. Not that I am aware of.





THOMAS FINNIGAN
. I am shopman to Mr. Griffith, a pawnbroker in Somers-town. I produce twenty-three yards of linen pawned by a woman, on the 12th of September, in the name of "Ann Goodwin, 19, Clifton-street."





HENRY ROBERTS
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a piece of lawn pawned on the 27th of August, in the name of Ann Goodwin.





JOHN PAWLY
. I am in the employ of Mr. Attenborough. I produce nineteen yards of linen pawned on the 10th of September, in the name of "Ann Goodwin, 19, Clifton-street."





JOHN CLOVER BENNETT
 (City police-constable, No. 371.) I went to the prisoner's house about eleven o'clock at night, and found a piece linen in a pan—I found another piece up stairs in a box, and on each of then "26" was marked—I left the linen at the prisoner's lodging, where I found it—I am quite sure u No. 26" was on these two pieces.





ROBERT DICK
 (police-constable S 346.) On the morning of the 19th I went to the prisoner's lodging, and found two pieces of linen there was no mark on the piece that had been in the water, and Downing said

was not in the state it was the night before—I asked the prisoner how he came in possession of them—he said he bought the ticket of ft person who lived in the Borough, and gave 1l. for it—I said, "You and your wife must go with me"—in the course of conversation with the wife, the name of Bedford was mentioned—I went to Mrs. Bedford's in Mint-street, Borough—I did not get a satisfactory answer from her—I found the table-covers on two tables in the prisoner's room.





JAMES M'ALT
. I am in the service of Mr. Johnson. I put the mark, "F 107" on this linen, which is one of eight pieces—the pieces found at the prisoner's house matched with that—I took one of the pieces to Mr. Johnson that night.

Prisoner's Defence. My wife purchased the table-covers before I was married, which was four months ago.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
