



204. 




JAMES GARRETT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of January, 83lbs. weight of sugar, value 2l. 5s., the goods of 




John Dale.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES DALE
. I am assistant to my father, John Dale; he is a master carman, and lives in Stoney-lane, Tooley-street. On the 10th of January I gave Dennis two hogsheads of sugar—he was a carman of ours—I had known the prisoner before—he had been in our employ six or seven months—Dennis was to take one hogshead to Mr. Sayers, and another to Mr. Davies, of Cullum-street—he was gone longer than he ought to have

been—I went in search of him, and found the cart standing in Fenchurch-street, not far from Mr. Davies's—he had then been gone about two hours, and it was only five minutes' walk from Mr. Sayers' to Mr. Davies's-before I got to the cart I saw the prisoner get out of it, jump off the shaft, and run away—I have not the least doubt he is the man—I had an opportunity of seeing him enough to know him—Dennis was by the side of his horse, and when he saw me he ran off—I have not seen him since—I took the horse and cart to Mr. Davies's, and then I got into the cart, and found a bag of sugar alongside of the hogshead—that sugar had been taken from the drawing-hole—the tin was off it—there were 83lbs. weight of sugar in the bag, the same as that in the hogshead; and there was an iron hoop in the cart, with which they had worked the sugar out, and the sugar was on the hoop—I took the hogshead back to Mr. Savers', and it was weighed—it weighed 14cwt. 7lbs., and in the bag was 83lbs. weight, which would make up the weight that was originally in the cask.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What time was this in the day? A. From twelve to two o'clock—I had known the prisoner a long time—I do not know that he lived in the very street that I do—I do not know whether the sugar-house is in Lambeth-street—I saw the prisoner get out of the cart very plainly—I knew him very well—I dare say I saw his face for two or three minutes—I saw the cart standing still—I did not hurry myself to go up to it—there is no doubt but the prisoner saw me for two or three minutes.





EDWARD DAVIES
. I live in Cullum-street On the 10th of January I ordered a hogshead of sugar of Mr. Sayers—it was to be sent to me, but it did not arrive so soon as it should—it ought to have weighed 14cwt. 3qrs. 6lbs.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the prisoner? A. No, I never saw him till he was at Lambeth-street.





JOHN ISAAC POHL
. I am house-clerk to Mr. Davies, a sugar-refiner in Lambeth-street. On the 10th of January I saw a cask of sugar weighed at his warehouse—it weighed 14cwt. 3qrs. 6lbs.—I have the book in which I put it down—I saw it loaded into Mr. Dale's cart—I did not know where it was going.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you weigh it? A. No, the warehouseman did—I saw the weights in the scale—the man puts the weights into the scale, and then calls out the weight—but I always look at the weights myself—I do not move them before I look at them—I will undertake to say I saw those weights—it was the weight of the first hogshead, No. 251.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. That No. 25I was the weight you have mentioned? A. Yes—I sent a note of the weight with the cart.





EDWARD DAVIES

re-examined. The hogshead out of which the sugar was taken was No. 251, and the weight I ought to have had was 14cwt 3qrs. 6lbs.





JAMES LEE
. I am an officer of Lambeth-street I took the prisoner on the 7th of November, which was the first opportunity I had of taking him.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you mean, that he had absconded? A. I do not know—I was not aware he was wanted till a fortnight before, and then he was in the House of Correction—when I brought him away, he said he was there charged with stealing sugar from the London Docks, but he had not stolen it, though he had been there for two months.






JAMES DALE

re-examined. We gave information the next day to the Thames Police—we were not able to get him into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to look after him yourself? A. No, the officers of the Thames Police did—they stated they had been to his house for him.





JAMES LEE
. I know the Magistrate's signature. I saw the prisoner examined, and heard what he said-what is down on this examination it what he told me, and what he said at the office—(read)—"The prison" says I was not in the cart, and know nothing of the transaction at all."
(Two witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
