





First Middlesex Jury,
Before Lord Chief 
               
                  Baron 
                  Alexander
               



            .
251. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, 4 pairs of stockings, value 5s.; 30 sovereigns, and 20 half-sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Phillips
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  ANN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am the wife of John Phillips - we keep the King's Arms, Orchard-street, Westminster




. The prisoner was our servant
; I had four pairs of stockings in a closet in my bed-room, with 10l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns in each pair, making 40l. On the 10th of December I went up stairs, helped the prisoner to make the bed, and left her alone to sweep and dust the room; after she had done she brought me down the key, and sat down to dinner with the family - about four o'clock I sent her out with two half-crowns, to buy some soap, and desired her to make haste back; she said she would, but I never saw her again till the Monday, at Queen-square; in consequence of her leaving I went up stairs next morning, to examine if my money was safe - I unlocked the cupboard door, opened the box lid, found every thing turned upside down in the box, and missed all the money; I am certain it was all safe the day before, when I took a sheet out of the box; the prisoner came up directly after, but was not there when I took it out - I had let one pair of the stockings drop a few days before, and she said, "Well, mistress, there is some private blunt there - I suppose master don't know you have got it;" my husband knew I had money there, but did not know the amount. On the 7th of December she asked me to lend her 4s. to buy a duplicate of some silk handkerchiefs, but I did not lend it to her.


                  CHARLES 
                  BANGS
               



            . On the 14th of December I was walking near the Marsh-gate, and met the prisoner; I told her she was the person I was looking for, and asked her to walk quietly with me to Westminster - she said she would not; I said she had been robbing her master - she said I had no business with her; I saw an officer, and gave her in charge.


                  RICHARD 
                  DOBSON
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth -Bangs gave the prisoner into my charge; I took her to Waterloo-bridge watch-house, about ten o'clock in the morning; I returned, and found on her eleven half-sovereigns, half a crown, sixpence, and some halfpence; I searched her again at the Catherine Wheel, and found two gold rings, two silk handkerchiefs, a new bonnet, and a cloak; Furlong, who was with me, asked what she had done with the rest of the money - she said, "Oh, what a bother about the money - I have only taken twelve sovereigns;" we had said nothing to induce her to confess.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that she left the room open several times while scouring it, during which time the lodgers had access to it - that when her mistress sent her out she met some friends, who detained her, and she was afraid to return - and that the money found on her she had saved in service.
MRS. PHILLIPS. The cupboard door and the box were locked, but the keys were in both: the key of the bedroom hung in the bar - nobody could open the door without a spring bell ringing.




               GUILTY (of stealing to the value of 99s.)
             Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
