






1467. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WOODRUFT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, 24 yards of printed cotton, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Veitch
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 16th of May, about a quarter-past twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoners in company in Ratcliff-highway - I watched, and saw them near the shop of Mr. Brown, a linen-draper; Clark stood on the pavement, with his face towards me -Woodruft had his back towards me, and his face to the shop, handling some prints in front of the window; they took nothing - they then went to two other linen-drapers, and handled prints at both of them; I at last followed them to Mr. Veitch's - a coach stood there, and I did not see them take any thing; they walked to and fro till two o'clock, and every time they came from the shop they had each an apron tied up round their middle, and as they came back their aprons were down - I at last saw Hennessey with Clark; I ran up to his assistance, and saw the property in his hands - Woodruft ran away; I know he is the same man - I had watched him for an hour and a quarter.


                  MICHAEL 
                  HENNESSEY
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty, and saw the prisoners in company; I understood Thomas had been watching them - I observed Clark's apron up and bulky; they were together then - I seized him with this property in his apron: he struggled, and dropped it -Thomas came to my aid.


                  JAMES 
                  PORTCH
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty in Cannon-street; my brother officer collared Clark, and pointed out Woodruft to me - I ran and took him.
Woodruft. Q. Had you seen me before? A. Not till you was pointed out, by the gates of St. George's church.


                  JONAH 
                  JONES
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  James 
                  Veitch
               



            , a linendraper
. This print is my master's, and measures twentyfour yards.
Clark's Defence. I was looking for work - I saw this print on the ground, and the Policeman stopped me.
Woodruft's Defence. I was in company with nobody, and had never seen Clark.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WOODRUFT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
