





20. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     KEMP
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .
MR. CARRINGTON conducted the prosecution.


                     ROBERT 
                     NICOLL
                  




               
            . I am an attorney and solicitor
, and live in Queen-street, Cheapside


. The prisoner was in my service as copying clerk
 - he had 30s. a week; he had been in my service alone for about three years, and was formerly with myself and my late partner, Mr. Steel, who died in February, 1827; he kept my petty cash, and always charged his salary in his disbursements - there was nothing due to him; when he said he wanted money I asked him how much - he would say 10l. or 15l., and I gave him a cheque for it. (Looking at a cheque upon the Bank of England, for 10l., signed 
               
                  Robert 
                  Nicoll
               



            , dated the 3rd of July, 1828) this is my cheque, and has been charged to my account at the Bank; 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Kemp
               



             is written on the back of it, in the prisoner's hand-writing- here is another cheque, dated the 17th of October, 1828, for 15l. - I gave that to the prisoner on the 17th of October; his name is endorsed on it, and it is payable to him - the Bank have charged me with it: here is another for 10l., dated the 15th of December, payable to him - I gave him that, and his name is on the back, in his own handwriting; the whole of this book (producing it) is in the prisoner's hand-writing - it is the book in which he entered the small payments he made for me; he added them up every week, including his salary, and on Saturdays he went to the other end of the book, where there is a cash account; on one side he debited to me for the payments, and it was his duty on the other side to give me credit for these cheques. On the 3rd of July, 1828, there is no entry on the credit side - on the 17th of October there is 5l. entered- it has been 15l.; the figure I is evidently scratched out, and the adding up at the bottom only reckons it as 5l.; on the 15th of December, 1828, there is no entry at all - the sum cast up is correct according to the entry.
Q. By comparing the other cheques with the entries do you find they are not entered to any other date? A. They are not accounted for in any place whatever - on the 23rd of October, this year, I determined to charge the prisoner with this offence; I had discovered it only a day or two before - I did not hold out either threat or promise to him; I took the book which he kept in my hand, and asked if he was aware of the omissions he had made in the sums in my account; he said, "No, I may have omitted by mistake to give credit for a sum;" I said, "Did you by mistake alsoscratch out the figures in this account?" which I pointed out - he said No: I said, "I have carefully examined your accounts, and find a deficiency to the amount of 300l. - what have you done with the money?" he said, "I must have spent it;" I said, "Have you not got it?" he said, "No, but if you will not prosecute I will insure my life for it;" I said insuring his life was nothing to me, for he knew it could not be done under the full value - I asked if he had any cause for the conduct he had pursued- he said No, that I had always treated him in the most gentlemanly manner; that is what passed, as near as possible, but I was very unwell at the time - I said all I wanted was my money, if he had not spent it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He did not say whether he had spent it in your concerns, or his own? A. I asked how he had spent it - he said he supposed it must be in supporting his father and mother; I did not recollect that before, and there may be many other things I do not think of - he has been in my employ since the 25th of March, 1824.
Q. Your sons, I understand, are grown up, and able to fill his situation? A. No, I have no sons - I have nephews; he was only a copying clerk - I trusted him with my money, but not to do business for my clients; I made an entry in my book every time I paid him money - he kept his own accounts; I checked the disbursements every week; the running account should have been settled at the end of each year, but I did not settle it, nor appoint any body to do it - he added them up at the end of the year; I can tell they are not right, by comparing my own book with his, which I have done - I have compared a great many items in his presence; he balanced the accounts every year, but unfortunately I did not examine them with his - I have since examined his book; I produced the books to him in my office, and asked if he could explain them - he said No; Mr. Ainger was present - he represents himself to be a single man, and I believe he is so; his book stood open in the room he sat in - it was open to every body; I believed him honest, and must take blame to myself for not checking his book with him every year - I might have done it every week for what he knew; I contented myself with examining the disbursements - an omission may have taken place without culpability; his name is on the back of every cheque, which intimates that he has received the money - it is the custom of the Bank of England to require it; one of the cheques is dated the 15th of December - I am obliged to select any three that happen to come together; I have three others in this year - the cheques do not return to me except when I have my book made up; I might not have it made up till a good deal of 1829 had passed, but I cannot say when it was made up - I did not balance his book at the end of 1828.
Q. Would not your pass-book shew whether the cheque had been received? A. No, the Bank do not enter their cheques with dates and numbers, but merely the name of the page and the sum; I had given the prisoner notice when I discovered this, but he had not left - I did not mean to keep him more than a month, but kept him all the long vacation, that he might not leave without getting a place; he did very little in the long vacation - I produced the cheques before the Magistrate, to show there could be no mistake; I drew one cheque on the 2nd of July, and another on the 3rd - he has credited me for the one on the 2nd, but not on the 3rd; I think a person looking carelessly at the book would not notice the erasure; every body in the office could have access to the book.
COURT. Q. Could it have been the least possible advantage to a stranger to scratch out that figure? A. Not the least, besides it is added up as only five in his figures at the bottom.
A JUROR. Q. Part of these sums are ticked off in the book, but not all, can you explain that? A. That has been done since the prisoner was apprehended; the sums paid him by cheques are checked off for me to look out the cheques - the sum erased is not ticked, that being charged.
SAMUEL DENNIS. I am a clerk in the drawing-office at the Bank. This cheque, dated the 3rd of July, has been through my hands; when a cheque is brought to the Bank it is customary to ask the person to write his name on the back - I recollect the prisoner coming several times, but not presenting any particular cheque; when a person writes his name on it I give him an order on the tellers, if he wants cash - I did so for this cheque; this is the order(looking at it) if he had wanted notes I should have paid them myself.
- FISH. I paid this order - it is entered in my book as paid on the 3rd of July.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you recollect whether you paid it or not? A. I have no distinct recollection of it, but the entry is a sufficient proof to me; I paid it in cash.
MR. PHILLIPS to S. DENNIS. Q. Was there any suspicion about the transaction? A. Certainly not, or I should have inquired about it; the pass-books are made up when required by the parties - the prosecutor's book I find was made up on the 5th of March, 1829; we return the cheques with the book - Mr. Nicoll could have had it made up at any time.
- NORRIS. I am a clerk in the drawing-office. -This cheque, dated the 17th of October, was presented to me; I gave an order on the tellers for it.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHEVELEY
               



            . I was a teller at the Bank on the 17th of October, 1828, but am not so now; I have the order made out for this cheque - I paid it in cash; it is for 15l. - we never pay notes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POPHAM GATTY
               



            . I have come from the drawing-office. This cheque, dated the 15th of December, was presented to me; I gave an order on the tellers for it- here is the order.
- EDWARDS. I am a teller. I paid this order for 10l. in gold.


                  ALFRED 
                  AINGER
               



            . I am an architect, and live in Doughty-street - I am related to Mr. Nicoll. On the 23rd of October last I was at his office; the prisoner was there- neither of us held out either threat or promise to him; I walked into the office with Mr. Nicoll, with the book of disbursements and receipts, and stated to Mr. Kemp that he had been looking over all the accounts for some time, and was very much shocked to find there were omissions in the sums he had received, and additions to the sums disbursed - he said he thought there must be some mistake- Mr. Nicoll said, "Then we will go into particulars;" he began at the first error or alteration he had discovered;Kemp at first said he could not tell how it happened, but at last, as they began to multiply, his recollection was worse, and on coming to the alteration of the 15l., he became much more agitated, and was evidently unable to answer how it was to be accounted for; Mr. Nicoll pressed him to answer - I said I thought it not worth while to worry him any more, as he did not deny it, and he said "I cannot deny it;" he asked Mr. Nicoll what was the total amount of alterations and things of that sort he had discovered - Mr. Nicoll said nearly or upwards of 300l.; I asked what had become of the money - he said he could not account for it, he supposed some of it had been spent on his mother; I think he only named his mother: Mr. Nicoll asked if he had any thing left - he said he had not, that what he had in his pocket was all he had in the world; he offered to reinstate it if Mr. Nicoll would not prosecute - not having friends to advance the money, he would insure his life; Mr. Nicoll replied that was worth nothing, and was no security; the rest of the conversation was merely his entreating Mr. Nicoll to forego the prosecution - he afterwards came to me in the room, and requested me to intercede with Mr. Nicoll not to prosecute.
Cross-examined. Q. What did you mean by requesting Mr. Nicoll not to worry him? A. It was evidently very unpleasant to him calling over one amount after another: Mr. Nicoll, on the day he first discovered this deficiency, requested me to accompany him to the office next morning - he did not tell me to take notice of what the prisoner said; we are in the habit of talking confidentially about our pursuits - whether the prisoner said, "I admit it, (or) I cannot deny it, (or) it is of no use to deny it," I cannot say; I went to notice the whole proceedings - nothing was said about my being a witness - Mr. Nicoll had not determined on prosecuting: I knew if he did prosecute I should be a witness - Mr. Nicoll's cash-book was on the table; it was the discrepancy between that and the prisoner's book that he called his attention to - the prisoner was given into custody within half an hour; there was no other book required to be produced - I had known for six months that Mr. Nicoll had determined to part with the prisoner.
Q. From 1828 down to November, 1830, if he had been conscious of any fraud, was there any thing to prevent his absconding from the charge? A. Nothing.
MR. CARRINGTON. Q. Did the prisoner apply for the production of any other book whatever? A. Not at all; it appeared to me that all the books connected with the subject were produced.
GUILTY. Aged 35.




               Recommended to Mercy on account of the Prosecutor's neglect in not examining his accounts
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
