




1309. 




MICHAEL WOOLF
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of May, 1 necklace, value 15s.; 2 lockets, value 1l. 7s.; 1 seal, value 1l.; 7 rings, value 3l.; 4 slides, value 4s.; 2 clasps, value 5s.; and 1 pair of snuffers, value 4s.; the goods of 



Isaac Jacobson: and 





BETHSHEBA GHOST



, for feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.





EVE JACOBSON
. I am the wife of Isaac Jacobson, and live in Oxford-street. The prisoner Woolf is my son by a former husband—for some time before this he had been away from home—the female prisoner came to me for the purpose of reconciling us, and inducing me to receive him—she made trifling purchases, but she said she did not come for that—she knew my son was in distress and poverty, and I agreed to receive him again—he came, and about a fortnight after, be quitted the house very suddenly, but was only away a few minutes—we sent to the female prisoner to know if she had seen him—she came soon after, and said she hoped we would never suppose that she would encourage him coming there, as she had heard what she had before and what she now heard—I had missed articles for some time before this—the evening Mrs. Ghost came to ask for his return I remember her looking at a coral necklace—she inquired the price, and admired it—this is it—(looking at it)—I have the fellow snap to it—I know these other goods—they are all mine, but not a fifteenth part of what is gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you any thing you know that necklace by? A. Yes—my own threading—my son has been in business on his own account, as a jeweller—I took a shop for him some years ago, but he did not go to it—I put a person to mind it—my son was only

there to take the man his meals, and going backwards and forwards—he had no other shop—I know there is such a person as Mr. Louis Keyset, a watchmaker, in Tottenham Court-road—I will swear my son never opened a shop for himself—he used to attend sales at Debenham's while he was away—I gave him money to set him up in trade—jewellers and others would know he was acting for himself at that time.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What age is he? A. Just sixteen—he was not thirteen when the shop was taken.





ISAAC JACOBSON
. I am the husband of the last witness. The prisoner Woolf returned to our house in February, after being absent some time—I slept up stairs, and he down stairs—one morning, about a fortnight after him return, he went out, leaving the errand-boy there—when he came back I asked where he had been—he said, nowhere; he had been to take a pair of boots—I went to Mrs. Ghost's, and asked whether he had been there—she denied it—I left, and went again, and asked her whether he had not been there—she said, "No"—I said, "He says he left a pair of trowsers on the stairs," and I said, "You brought this boy back again on purpose to rob me"—she said, "No, Sir, I never encourage him to come here"—I missed about £200 worth of articles in the fortnight after his return—I had him taken up—he denied stealing them all along, and all connexion with Mrs. Ghost.





HENRY SHERWIN
. I am a constable of Marlborough-street Police-office I went to the premises of Mrs. Ghost, No. 338, Oxford-street, where she lodges, in company with Mr. Jacobson—I asked her whether Woolf had at any time brought watches or articles of jewellery there—the said "Never"—I asked whether she had got any there belonging to him—she said, "No"—I asked whether she had any objection to my searching the root—she said, "Not the least;" I might search it; but on searching a drawer in the room she suddenly snatched hold of something, which proved to be this necklace, and something else she had in the other hand, which I did not observe—we had a violent struggle for the necklace—she said it was her own, and she had bought it—she then sat down, and I thought I perceived her putting something under her apron—I felt under, and these articles were under her apron, on her knees—here are some clasps and jewels, with the stones removed, which the prosecutor has identified—after I found the things, she said that Woolf had left them there.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not Mr. Ghost there? A. Yes—I do not know whether he is a jeweller—I believe he works for Mr. Tessier, a jeweller—I found him in the room with his wife—she took the active part—I do not know that he is her husband—one of the gaolers said he was not—he was living with her as her husband.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What did he say to her? A. He upbraided her for having them—he said she was very foolish for having them then, especially when she told me she had not them there—I saw this elxmination taken at the police office—(looking at it)—this is the clerk's writing, and this signature is Mr. Conant's—(read)—" The prisoner Woolf says, I left the articles with Mrs. Ghost.'
(Charles Murke, hatter, 34, Tottenham-court-road;—Collins, hatter, 60, High-street, Bloomsbury;—Thompson, dentist, 12, Han way-street, Tottenham-court-road; Mary Thompson, his wife;—Mollison, working jeweller, 33, Maiden-lane, Covent Garden;—Manby, Battersea;—M'Donald, working goldsmith, Pimlico; and—Rush, jeweller, Poland-street; deposed to the good character of the prisoner Ghost.)


WOOLF—


GUILTY. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy

.



Transported for Seven Years.

GHOST—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
