





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1953. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, 1 bag, value 6d., and 28lbs. of coffee, value 1l. 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Walter
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Davison
                  



               
            .
GEORGE HOWELL. I am shopman to Mr. Walter, a grocer
, of Chiswell-street. On Tuesday, the 26th of October, about six o'clock in the evening, I delivered to 
               
                  William 
                  Turner
               



            , Mr. Davison's servant, a bag, containing 28lbs. of coffee, and took his receipt for it.
WILLIAM TURNER. I am porter to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Davison
               



            , of White Lion-court, Seven-dials. I received a bag of coffee from Mr. Walter's shop, and put it into a truck; I had several other bags of coffee - I had to stop in Newgate-street


, to receive some more from Mr. Young; I left the truck for about five minutes, opposite Mr. Young's door, but did not miss this bag until I got home; I found the prisoner with it in custody, at Guildhall, next day - I know it to be the bag I had missed; I do not know who took it.


                  MOSES 
                  MOSES
               



            . I live in Baker's row, Whitechapel. I saw the prisoner walking down Butcherhall-lane, Newgate-street, last Tuesday, about six o'clock, carrying a bag of coffee before him; I followed him into Aldersgate-street, and he was given in charge to Bunce - I afterwards saw the bag of coffee at Guildhall; it was claimed by the prosecutor - the prisoner had it when the constable stopped him.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you see a short man in a blue coat give it to me? A. I did not - I did not say so at Guildhall.


                  JOHN 
                  BUNCE
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner in Aldersgate-street, at the bottom of St. Martin's-le-grand, with this bag of coffee across his shoulders -Moses was there; Nathan gave charge of him - I have kept the bag ever since; I produced it at Guildhall, and it was claimed by the prosecutor - I saw nobody in a blue coat near him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Butcherhall-lane after a job; a man asked me to carry this bag to the corner of Barbican, and said he would give me 6d., and a pint of beer.
WILLIAM TURNER. Mr. Young's is one or two doors from the corner of Butcherhall-lane; it is between St. Martin's-le-grand and Butcher-hall-lane.


                  MOSES 
                  MOSES
               



             re-examined. Q. In what part of the lane did you see him? A. Nearest to Newgate-street - I did not lose sight of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
