




309. 




WILLIAM EDWARDS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of December, 2 Panitings and frames, value 30s., the good of 



Robert Green.






ANN GREEN
. I am the wife of Robert Green, who keeps the Duke of Cumberland public-house at the corner of Bryanston-street, and Cumberland-street, Oxford-road. On the 11th of December, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came in with a male friend—they walked into the parlour—I followed them—the prisoner asked his friend what he would take to drink—he did not give a decided answer, and the prisoner called for a glass of gin and water himself, saying, that was always the way he treated people who did not give a decided answer—he called for pen and ink—two woman and a child came in, and they also ordered a glass of gin and water—I took it in with the pen and ink—the woman paid, but the prisoner did not—his friend went out, and in a few minutes the woman went away—I went and looked round the room—the pictures were all safe then, and the prisoner appeared to be asleep, with his head reclining on the table—a third man came in, and joined him, and in two or three minutes the prisoner got up and went out—I said, "You have not paid for your gin and water"—he said "No, I shall return in a minute"—I went into the parlour then, and the pictures were there—the third man sat at the table—the prisoner returned in a minute with 6d in his hand—he paid me and walked into the parlour, rang the bell, and called for another glass of gin and water, and change for a shilling, which I took him—he said he felt rather dirty and uncomfortable; he bad been travelling in his own buggy about sixty miles that day—he asked in what direction Park-lane was—I told him—his friends came back, and were in and out several times—the prisoner came out, and ordered a third glass of gin and water, and put 6d. on the bar door—I sent my potboy in with that glass—I am certain the pictures were all safe when I was last in the room—at last the three men all came out together—I went into the room, and the pictures were gone—the prisoner, on coming out, came in front of the bar, and said to me, "Pray, in what street does Mr. Russell Harris live?"—I told him—I suspected something was wrong, and put my hand on the bar door—at that time the other two were going out—I missed the picturess the moment they were gone—I ran out, and took the prisoner at the corner of Cumberland-street, about forty yards off—he seemed agitated—I said, "You have stolen my pictures"—I called a policeman—he burst from me, and ran away and fell down—he was then taken and brought into the house—he then said to me, "Mrs. Green, what do you want, is it me or your pictures?"—I said, "The pictures"—he said, "I am not given into custody yet, and if you will allow any two men to go with me, I will pay the men their expenses, and you shall have your pictures returned" if I would not give him into custody—I had nobody to go, and my friends advised me to give him into custody—I have never found my pictures, nor heard any thing of them—I am quite sure he ran away and fell down.

Prisoner. I said, "If you will allow two men to go with me and a policeman, I will pay all expenses, if I can overtake the men, "as I knew which road they were going, they having told me they were going to the Horse-Guards barracks—I did not know where they lived—I had not seen one of them for two years—when I came out of the bar I called you out of the back parlour. Witness. I have no back parlour—I was not sitting any where, I was standing—you did not appear agitated when at the bar.

Q. I believe you bad to go out of the bar into the passage, and then into another passage? A. No; you are mistaken about the house altogether—I

can touch the bar door at the parlour door, they are so close together—you were not standing still when I overtook you, but walking—your friends ran away, but you did not run till I came up—I could see you from my door—when I took hold of you, you said, "What! What!" and was greatly agitated—your companions had no cloak or apron, under which they could conceal the pictures that I saw—were in gilt frames 14 inches by 16—neither of the other men were tall enough to reach them down—you were in the room about a quarter of an hour—there was nobody else in the room heart the woman, who appeared very respectable—they had nurse with them—my bar is close to the street-door—nobody could go out on the offside without my observing them—nobody has been to the house to inquire for my potboy—the waiter was not in the room when you came out—I swear the pictures were in the room when you were there, and when you left they were gone—you said at the office, you were certain your two friends would not allow you to be in such a situation as you had done them many benefits, and merely came in to write a note for 5s. for them.





RICHARD BELTON
. I live directly opposite Mrs. Green's, with my father, who is a fruiterer. I was standing in the shop between six and seven o'clock, and hearing a cry of "Stop theif," or "Police," I ran outside the door—seeing seven or eight people up Upper Bryanstone-street, I ran up there, and found Mrs. Green holding the prisoner by the collar, and a young man by the side of him—I went up close to him, and followed them into Green's parlour—after the door being shut, and the prisoner regaining his breath, he said, if Mrs. Green would allow me or the young man who assisted in taking him, to go along with him, he would produce the pictures—he said, "Do you wish me to go to prison, or wish to have your pictures back?"—those were his precise words—he appeared very much agitated when I first saw him, in fact, it was five minutes after he was in the room, before he spoke—Mrs. Green said, "I want my pictures"—I advised her to wait for a policeman—she refused to allow us to go with him—I said, "He had better be taken to the station-house"—he made no observations about that.

Prisoner. Q. It was on the contingency of my overtaking the man that I should produce the pictures—are you sure you have repeated my exact words? A. How is it possible to use the exact words—I am almost positive your words were, "I will produce the pictures"—you might have said find—you said nothing about overtaking the man—he did not say he would endeavour to produce them—he said, three or four times over, if we would go with him, he would produce them—when the policeman came in, he asked to speak to him and Mrs. Green privately, and I left.





CHARLES MAYNARD
. I am a policeman. I was called in on the 11th of December—Mrs. Green said the prisoner had stolen two paintings—he said he wished to speak to Mrs. Green and me—the other people then went out of the parlour—he asked Mrs. Green if she wanted her paintings—she said, "Yes"—he said, "Then I will pay the expenses, or if you will allow me to go along with the policeman, I will get the paintings "—he said two men were with him, whom he had got out of one difficulty already, to-day, and he did not think they would have served him in that manner—I asked him who the two men were who were with him—he said "If I am to be given into custody, I shall say no more"—I took him to the station-house.

Prisoner. Q. Did I appear to have been drinking? A. I think he

had been drinking a little—he was not so drunk as not to know what he was about—he had all his faculties about him.

Prisoner's Defence. Gentleman, the policeman would impress your minds with the idea that I refused to tell where the two men lived—my object in refusing to answer further was, because I was not in a fit state to explain myself, so that what I said, might not be open to future prejudice—it is evident I acted with propriety, for what I did saw about following the men, has been explained differently by all the witness—I had really been serving those men, by giving one money, and writing a memorial for the other, and treating them—one of them I had not seen for four years, and he was then butler to the Duke of Wellington—I know no more of taking the pictures than you do—if these men took them, it must have been while I was asleep—I asked for two men to go with me with a view to overtake them, if possible, in order to clear myself—one of the witness says, I made use of the very words, but when I asked him if he was certain of my exact words—he said, "How is it possible for people to be exact?" if so, is it not likely that one word being added, might make a material alternation—they have all forgotten the word "endeavour"—if they had stated that, it would have removed any unfavourable impression—it is true I ran, and was much agitated, but Mrs. Green did not charge me with it—she said, "Where are your two friends? they have taken my pictures"—I said, "Indeed I know nothing about it, but I think I can overtake them"—she then called "Police," and I did run, trying to escape—situated as I was, being some hundreds of miles from home (as I came from Jersey) it is not surprising that I should try to escape—it is to be remembered, the most eminent characters the world have known, both in ancient and modern history, have been susceptible of fear without guilt—had I been aware of what the men had done, I could have run three or four times the distance I was from the house when she overtake me, and is it likely I should hold a conversation with her at the bar, had I known what had been done? when two men were passing with two pictures, fourteen inches by sixteen inches, and remember they had nothing to cover them; it would appear that I had attracted her to the spot where she must have seen them go out—if I had been aware they had been taken, is it likely I should call for an extra glass of gin and water, and detain the waiter while I gave him some halfpence?—the fact is, I had met one of these men, who asked me to draw up a memorial for him, to a member of His Majesty's government—I went to sleep, leaving the memorial on the table before me—when I awoke it was gone, and he said he had taken it—it is possible that the three females had better means of hiding these pictures than the men, for they had nothing to cover them with—I cannot be responsible for the actions of others while I was asleep, and it appears the men went in and out during that time—the room was very full of pictures.

MRS. GREEN
re-examined. These hung on each side the fire-place, and I should miss them in a moment if they were gone—when I missed them I went out, and about forty yards off came up with the prisoner, and accused him of stealing them—I did not accuse his friends—I said, "You have stolen my pictures "—he was agitated, and said, "What! What!" and ran away—he then fell, and was secured.




GUILTY
.* Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
