





2289. 




CAROLINE WHITE
 and 



GEORGE BULGER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
27th of August, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, 2 watches, value 7l.; 1 watch-chain, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 12s.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; 17 sheets, value 9l.; 2 pillow-cases, value 3s.; 2 table-cloths, value 2l.; 7 pillows, value 2l. 9s.; 2 bolsters, value 1l.; 3 blankets, value 1l.; 1 printed book, value 10s.; 4 curtains, value 2l. 10s.; 5 yards of linen cloth, value 12s.; 13 spoons, value 4l. 7s.; 1 cup, value 1l. 10s.; 1 set of fire-irons, value 15s.; 1 barometer, value 5s.; 1 pelisse, value 1l. 6d.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 3s.; 9 shells, value 9s.; and 2 basons, value 5s.; the goods of 



Sarah Morgan, the mistress of the said Caroline While, in her dwelling-house.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.:





SARAH MORGAN
. I am a widow, and live in Coleshill-street, Pimlico, in the parish of St George, Hanover-square. On the 23rd of August I left for Margate, and left the prisoner White in charge of my house—she was sot in my service at that time, but had lived three times servant with me before—I left her entirely in charge of my house—the articles stated in the indictment were at that time all locked up in the bed-room and back-parlour, which is my bed-room—I locked both those rooms, and took the keys with me—she was to live in the kitchen, and sleep in the back-room on the first floor—she had no authority to go into the rooms that were locked up—I said I should be gone a fortnight, or it might be more or less—I returned on the 3rd of September, without giving any notice—I got home it half-past six o'clock in the evening—I knocked at the door, and found nobody at home—I waited an hour, and then the prisoner came, and I went into the house with her—I told her to get a fire and get my tea—I then went into my bed-room, and found it was unlocked and open, and the front room also—I saw the appearance of somebody having been there—I called her up, and said, "I have been robbed, it appears—you must know something about it"—she said, "Oh God!"—that was all she said—I went to the door, and called Mr. Newman, a tenant of mine, next door, to come in—I sent him for a policeman, who came and searched the place—every drawer was stripped, except some which had books in them—I missed all the articles stated—the watches and things were locked in drawers, which were wrenched open, and I lost about 40l. worth of articles.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. The female prisoner lived three times with you? A. Yes, I thought her honest—I never heard she was married—she lived with her mother, about half a mile from me—she did not tell me she had slept at home at her mother's at night—she knew it was uncertain when I should return—I have been a widow some years—my maiden name was Holland.





EDWIN SOAMES
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Paradise-row, Chelsea, which is ten minutes' walk from the prosecutrix's—I have two sheets and a pillow-case which were pawned by the female prisoner, on the 30th of August—I had known her for some years before.





JOHN DAINTREE
. I am a labouring man, and live at Battersea. I know Bulger—about the latter end of August, I bought a child's pelisse, two pairs of trowsers, and a child's frock of him for 4s., and a pot of beer—I have known him from a child—I described him to Read, the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. How came you to buy the articles? A. I have a child four years and a half old—Bulger said his sister was gone into the country, that he had a duplicate of hers, and had got the things out, and if I could buy them of him, the money would be acceptable—I had bought tickets previously of his sister-in-law, and thought they were hers—the prisoner always bore a good character—I have known him from a child.





WILLIAM READ
 (police-constable V 18.) In consequence of information, I saw Daintree, who told me who he bought the things of, and led me to

apprehend the prisoner, Bulger—he said nothing to the charge when I told him what it was.





ROBERT M'KENZIE
 (police-constable V 44.) I know Mrs. Morgan's house—I saw Bulger go there in company with another man between ten and eleven o'clock at night, on the 27th of August—I did not notice his coming out.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

BULGER—


NOT GUILTY
. (There were two other indictments against White.)
