



239. 




JOSEPH CRESWELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of October, 58 yards of silk, value 37l., the goods of 



William Beckwith, from the person of 



William Baker.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM BAKER
. I was in the service of William Backwith, at No. 6, Wood-street, Cheapside. He has turned me off on account of this—on the 31st of October, about two o'clock, I was directed to take a parcel to Pearce, Stone, and Halling's, Charing-cross—when I got opposite Burleigh-street in the Strand, the prisoner came across and asked me if I was not Mr. Backwith's boy—I said yes—he asked me if I was not going to Halling, Pearce, and Stone's—I said yes—he said, "I come from them, we are waiting, as they want it at their other house in Tottenham-court-road, No. 153, and not at Charing-cross"—I did not know whether they had got a house there—he told me to go along with him, and asked me to have something to drink—I said no—he gave me a sixpence, and told me to go and get half a pint of porter—I went into a house and got it—when I came out I found the prisoner outside—he said I was to come with him, and I did—when we got nearly to the top of Drury-lane, he said, "Now give me the parcel, I will take it on to Tottenham-court-road"—he took hold of the end of it—I thought all was right, and let it go—he desired me to make haste home—I believed he was an honest man, from, from his knowing where I was going, and asking if I was Mr. Backwith's boy—I saw him again on the 1st of December, in Quaker-street, Spitalfields—I followed him to Norton Falgate—I saw a policeman, and gave him into custody—I am quite sure he is the man—I was with him about a quarter of an hour—I never saw him before—I recollect him by his countenance.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. This was on the 31st of October? A. Yes—I first saw him about three o'clock—he was with me about a quarter of an hour—that would make it about a quarter past three o'clock.

COURT. Q. What time did you leave Wood-street? A. I do not know—it was a good bit past two o'clock—it was past two o'clock before I came down from dinner.

MR. DOANE. Q. Before the Justice, did you not say it was a quarter past two o'clock? A. I do not recollect—it was after two o'clock—I do not know how far I was from my employer's residence when I met the prisoner—it was half an hour's walk with a parcel—it was about a quarter past two o'clock when I left my master's—it would be a quarter to three o'clock when I met the prisoner if I went direct, but I stopped looking at some shops—I saw the prisoner about three o'clock, and left him at a quarter past.





CHARLES GREENLEES
. I am warehouseman to Mr. Beckwith. I remember on this day Baker being given a parcel to take out, it was similar to this one—the invoice was on it, so that the name was visible—I sent him out, to the best of my recollection, from a quarter to half-past two o'clock in the afternoon—it contained fifty-eight yards of crimson silk damask worth 36l. 12s.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you put it into the parcel? A. No, I saw the parcel—I did not see the silk in it—I saw the entry in the day-book.






WILLIAM BECKWITH
. I made up the parcel myself—there was fifty-eight yards of crimson damask in it—I gave it to Greenlees, and he gave it to Baker.

MR. DOANE
called






JOHN HARRIS
. I am a chairmaker. On the 31st of October I was at the Coventry Cross beer-shop, in Quaker-street, about half-past twelve o'clock—I drank there, and was there till about five o'clock in the afternoon—I do not know Richard Brown by name—there were others there—the prisoner was there when I went in, and he did not leave before I came out—he was there the whole time, from half-past twelve, to five o'clock—there was a hat brought in by the landlady, and something was said about it.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Of course you went before the Magistrate? A. No, I did not—I heard the prisoner was taken up last week—he is no particular acquaintance of mine—I have known him twelve months—I know the street he lives in, it is Nelson-street—I do not know the house—he is a hatter—I was talking to him on the 31st of October—there were several persons there—we were conversing about nothing particular—I was sitting at a table with the prisoner from half-past twelve till five o'clock—I had occasion to leave the room, and go into the yard, but I was not absent above two or three minutes—it was on a Monday—I am not in the habit of going there—I have been there two or three times—I have seen the prisoner there—the landlady came in about two o'clock with the hat—the prisoner was there, sitting in the room—I do not know whether he had been drinking or was drinking—there were several pots and glasses before him—he was dressed in a close-bodied coat, I think it was black, and a black apron—I cannot tell whether he had on a white or black cravat—I do not know whether he had a hat on when the landlady came in—he put it on, and took it off, very likely—of course he did—I have never been here before in my life, nor in any court of justice—I do not know what you mean by a court of justice—I never in my life saw a trial or heard one—I was at Worship-street Office, only just to hear this—I never was a witness nor a prisoner—it was from mere curiosity that I went to the office—the prisoner went into the yard, from half-past twelve to five o'clock, two or three times—he had no great coat on—I am employed by my brother, and he pays me, whether I am there or not—he was not in the public-house—I had been to Mr. Sykes's timber-yard, to look out some timber, there might be three or four sitting at the table with me and the prisoner—I have seen some of them here to-day—I have not been talking to them as to the evidence we were to give—I have spoken to them—I cannot give the names of any of them—none of them were acquaintances of mine—I had seen them before, and spoken to them in the house—I meet them there, and so I do in many other houses—I drank half-and-half—I do not know how much—I do not know what I paid—I paid the landlady—I generally pay for my drink as I have it—I was sober I should think—I never gave any account of this to any one—I mentioned it when I ascertained the prisoner was in trouble—it was spoken of in the public-house, and I said it was a great pity—I was not in the house on the Monday following the 31st of October, nor on any Monday afterwards—I was there the Monday before—I cannot tell who I met there—I have been there since the 31st of October about three times—I knew the prisoner by the name of Creswell.

COURT. Q. Was he drinking with you all this time? A. No; I

was drinking by myself—I do not know who was drinking with him—there was no female in the place—I do not know what he was drinking—it was malt liquor—I remember no subject that we conversed upon—I sat opposite the fire—there was only us three at the table—there were four or five, or six or eight came in while I was there.

MR. DOANE. Q. This occurred six weeks ago? A. Yes, there has never been any charge against me.

COURT. Q. It was the day the hat was brought in? A. Yes—yesterday six weeks—it was two days after my birthday, else perhaps I should not have recollected the day so well; and the Monday was the day I went to Sykes's timber-yard.

JURY. Q. What day did you hear first of this? A. It was the week before last, on Monday or Tuesday—I heard of it at Mr. Harris's house about a day or two after the man was taken—he was not absent two minutes at any one time—he had no whiskers—I never knew him with whiskers.





RICHARD BROWN
. I am a silk-weaver, and live in Church-street. On the 31st of October I went to the Coventry Cross beer-shop between one and two o'clock—there were several persons there—the prisoner was there—I was there till between eight and nine o'clock at night—I did not leave the room for ten minutes—the prisoner left before me; to the best of my recollection between five and six o'clock.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see him come in? A. No—I have known him by being at Harris's beer-shop eight or nine months—I do not know the witness Harris only by drinking part of a glass of ale with him—I knew his name by his being there—I had no employment to go to—I have known him by being there three or four months—he knew my name—he spoke to me by my name—I have drank with him every time I have seen him there—once a week, for the last two or three months—I heard he was in trouble about six weeks ago—I did not tell Harris about it in the public-house—it was mentioned there within the last week—I heard he was in trouble about the 1st of November—I do not mean the first of this month—the prisoner had a frock coat on, and a pair of blue trowsers—I did not notice his coat—it was a kind of bluish coat—it was Monday—the next day would be Tuesday, the 1st of November, and I heard it then, and was conversing about it—it was the landlady I heard speaking about it—she said poor Creswell had got into trouble—I never asked what it was about—she is here.

COURT. Q. Where were you sitting in the public-house this day? A. By the side of the fire-place—Harris sat opposite, against the doorway—I went in by myself—there was one or two more sitting drinking with them—the prisoner was right opposite to where I was sitting, on the other side of the room, about four yards from Harris—I do not know who was at the table with the prisoner—there were two or three—I do not know their names—Harris was not at that table.

MR. DOANE. Q. Do I understand you to say that on the next day you heard of this? A. As near as I can recollect.

Prisoner. It is a very hard case—I took the hat home, and was paid for it.





HARRIET HARRIS
. My husband is the landlord of the Coventry Cross beer-shop. On the 31st of October Harris and Brown were in the beer-shop—the prisoner came about twelve o'clock, as near as I can recollect, to bring my husband a new hat—that makes me recollect it—he stair till

six o'clock, or near that time, because my husband was not at home, and he waited.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know the last witness, Harris? A. Yes—I have known him nine or ten months—he was in my house that day—he came in about two o'clock—I cannot say when he left exactly; I should think about four or five o'clock—he ran no score—he paid me—he was drinking ale in pint-pots or quarts; it might be both—what I served him first was a pint of ale—porter and ale was the only liquor I served him—Brown frequents the house at times—I remember seeing him on the 1st of November—I have never conversed with Brown about this business—I should not have thought of it, only the young man's friends came to me—I never told Brown that Creswell was in trouble, not on the 1st f November—the prisoner had on a round jacket that he works in.
(Martha Bullen, of Castle-street; Thomas Walker, silk-manufacturer, of Trawl-street; and Robert Wilkinson of Shoreditch, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
