





1042. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMEATON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of March
, 1 pocket-book, value 1d., 1 coat, value, 20s., 1 pillow, value 4s., 1 handkerchief, value 3s., 1 petticoat, value 2s., and 20 duplicates, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert Oram 
                           Woolridge
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Mary, his wife
.

MARY WOOLRIDGE

               
            . I am the wife of Robert Oram Woolridge, an ironmonger

, who lives in Whitecross-street. On the 21st of March I was near Chiswell-street, Finsbury


, between one and two o'clock - I was standing on the pavement, and thought of going across the road, but there was a great crowd; I had a pocket-book in my pocket, containing the duplicates of the property stated; a person told me I had had my pocket picked - I went to the station, and found the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  ROBERTSON
               



             (Police-constable A 63.) I was on duty, and saw the prosecutrix and some persons abouther; I saw the prisoner lift her gown up, and put his two fore fingers into her pocket, and take out this pocket-book - I grasped at him, but he got from me; I ran after him, and took him with the book in his left-hand pocket - I met with great resistance, and could not have taken him if my brother officer had not come up; about three hundred persons attacked us, and I was almost knocked stupid before I got to the station-house - the prisoner bit a piece out of my hand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am an officer. I assisted in taking the prisoner - I saw him run across the road, and the officer after him; I saw him passing the book from one pocket to the other - I seized him by one arm, and he threw it down; we were opposed by a great number of persons, and were attacked with sticks, stones, and mud.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard there were two waggons of victuals to be given away, but there was no such thing; I was going home, and saw this old pocket-book - I took it up, and some gentlemen cried out Stop-thief! they came and took me; two or three people said I had picked it up- I said I would go any where; I went to the station, and they asked what I had been doing, and they went round among the people and found this lady.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
