





1353. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WYTHE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, 2 shirts, value 15s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; and 1 towel, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Woods
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM WOODS. I keep the Castle and Falcon hotel in Aldersgate-street




. The prisoner was employed there for some time as a plasterer
 - on the 2nd of August Ifound him intoxicated; I searched his basket, and found some of my property - I sent for an officer, and he found on him three duplicates, which led to these articles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROCK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 20th of July I took in this shirt from a man in the name of Wythe; I lent 3s. on it - I cannot say the prisoner is the man, but I gave him this duplicate.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. No; he made no concealment of it; the shirt has a mark on it.


                  RICHARD 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields. I have a shirt, pawned on the 29th of July; I cannot say by whom - this is the duplicate we gave.
WILLIAM WOODS. The prisoner had been working for me on the 20th of July - these shirts were taken from a drawer in the room No. 5; they belonged to a gentleman who lodged there; they are marked T G G 8 32, and T G G 4 31.
Cross-examined. Q. Who do they belong to? A. To Mr. Glover, who is out of town - all his shirts are marked in this way, I had looked at a great many of them; I don't know that I have seen the whole of them; I cannot swear that I had seen these two shirts - Mr. Glover is out of town, I don't know where - these shirts were not locked up, but kept in a drawer in his room - I have a number of servants, and they have access to that room - I certainly did not take an account of the number of shirts Mr. Glover left, but I have no doubt these are his; I don't know the number he had; I don't think he ever gave these away - there were a number of workmen in my house in June, and I believe the prisoner was one.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought these two shirts and a handkerchief of a man in the new Post-office for 10s. 6d.


                  Samuel 
                  Bennet
               



            , bricklayer, Hackney-road; 
               
                  Edward 
                  Richards
               



            , a carpenter; 
               
                  William 
                  Marblay
               



            , baker, Brick-lane; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Little
               



            , carpenter, Hackney-road; Mrs. Wilson; and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Tighe
               



            , gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
