





1379. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     CORNWALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, 1 gown, value 5s.; 1 sheet, value 5s.; 1 tea-spoon, value 2s.; and 2 waistcoats, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Rutter
                        



                     
                  , her master - and 15 shirts, value 4l.; 4 waistcoats, value 10s.; 1 hat, value 15s.; 5 coats, value 3l.; 4 pair of trousers, value 1l.; and 1 book, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jones
                        



.


                  SARAH 
                  RUTTER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Rutter
               



            . John Jones lives in our house, No. 19, Great Coram-street


; the prisoner was my servant
; she came on the 19th of September, in last year, and left me on the 31st of August last - I had given her a regular warning; after she was gone I missed the property stated - I sent an officer to the prisoner's lodging, who brought me a number of duplicates.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TOOLE
               



             (police-constable C 132). I took the prisoner - I went with her to the prosecutor - she there acknowledged the robbery, and took me to her lodging, and delivered me up sixty duplicates, among which are the duplicates of this property.


                  JAMES 
                  GILL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a great number of articles pawned by the prisoner at different times.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have several shirts and coats pawned by the prisoner.
SARAH RUTTER. These are all my husband's and Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Jones
               



            's.
Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
