




385. 



JOHN DYSON
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
10th of December, 2200 numbers of a printed pamphlet, called the "Weekly Visitor," value 3l. 6s., the goods of 



John Davis, his master; and




JAMES PAUL



for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.; ant that he had before been convicted of felony; to which


DYSON pleaded 


GUILTY
.


MESSRS. PHILLIPS, CLARKSON, and PAYNE. conducted the prosecution.






WILLIAM BRITTAIN
. I am a booksellers, and live in Queen's Head. passage, Paternoster-row. I am in the habit of purchasing books of the Religious Tract Society—I have purchased the Weekly Visitor for the last three years—it is published to the trade on Monday morning, and to the publie on Tuesday—it always bears the date of Tuesday, and is a weekly publication—for three months previous to the 19th of December, I had found that the trade were being supplied with it on the Staurday afternoon; and on Saturday, the 19th of December, about seven o'clock in the evening, I went to the shop of the prisoner Paul, in Paternoster-row—I think it is No. 52—it is within two doors of the Religious Tract Society Depository—I asked there for two dozen copies of the Weekly Visitor, and paid 9d. for them—Mr. Paul served me with them—I received twenty-seven for the two dozen—I was in the habit of receiving twenty-six from the Society before this—is consequence of suspicion, I had seen Mr. Theobald, on Monday, the 14th of December—on making this purchase at Paul's shop, I had been passing the window, and saw a person being supplied with the Weekly Visitor; and when I got in I saw him supplied with very nearly four hundred copies—the pile from which they were supplied was under the counter—the four hundred were on the counter, and the fresh hundred was broken to supply me, and put under the counter again—they were all tied up in bundles in hundreds—I before observed them supplied to people as quick as possible, and put out of the way when strangers were in the shop—they were always kept with the face down—I had observed that for some weeks before, when I had been there for other publications—I have seen the same persons supplied with them frequently—I know several persons who deals in the same pamphlet as well as myself—when I went, on the 19th of December, I told Paul I always made it a point to leave the City on Saturday evening, and did not come till late on Monday, and wished them in my shop ready for my boy to supply them on Monday morning—that was my reason for going for them—I paid Paul himself for them.

Q. When, on other occasions, you have seen them sold, was it before or on the day of publication? A. Before—on the Saturday afternoon, and it was in consequence of my losing the sale of them, through their being supplied before that I went to Mr. Theobald's, at the Depository, to ask if I could have the same favour allowed me—when I bought the twenty-seven I took them to the Tract Society to show them I could get them, and produced them to Mr. Theobald—the prisoner never gave me any reason why he could supply them on Saturday.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. I suppose it is a desirable thing for any body in the trade to get them on Saturday? A. Yes; I was very glad to get them on that day for my own convenience—it was very widely known in the trade that the prisoner was selling them on the Saturday—I do not think he would sell them to strangers—it was well known to the trade—I gave 9d. for the two dozen—that is the usual price to the trade, 4 1/2d. a dozen—I do not sell them retail—if I sold them by the dozen I should get nothing, but if I sold them in odd numbers I should get the thirteenth book—I should gain three farthings out of the two dozen.

COURT. Q. But in this case you would have got one number out of the two dozen, if you sold them wholesale? A. Yes.

MR. DOANE. Q. Do you sell any weekly publications yourself? A. Every description—it is very seldom the case that twenty-seven are allowed

to two dozen—I have done it occasionally to oblige a person, best it is at a very trifling profit—I have sold Chamber's Journal at twenty-seven to two dozen. because we are allowed a discount of five per cent on that; and that is not allowed on this work, un less we take a certain quantity—if 5l. worth of the Weekly visitor is taken, five percent. would be allowed I have sold Paul twenty-seven of Chamber's Journal to the two doses, and the penny and Saturday Magazines—there was only one other person in the sheep—I knew that person, and he knew me—I observed nothing extractsnary in the mode of doing biasness.

MR. CLARKSON
Q. I thought you had observed always a disposition to get rid of the Weekly Visitor as soon as possible when it was sold? A. Yes—I observed nothing unusual in this transaction to what there generally had been—he always got them out of sight as quickly as possible—the boy had a bag on the counter, and put them into the bag as quick as possible—I did not ask this of Paul as a favour—I never purchased twenty-seven Weekly Visitors to two dozen of any body except Paul—I have bought them of the Tract Society, and got twenty-six—there is a discount of five per cent, if we lay out 5l.—there is a discount of 10l. as the Weekly Visitor.

COURT
Q. How much must you take to get ten per cent.? A. 5l. worth of the Weekly Visitor—I have known Paul in the trade about twelve months—he lived within a few doors of the Tract Society all that time. JAMES PATTEN I am a bookseller, and live in High-street, St. Gilles's I have been in the habit of selling the Weekly Visitor—I obtained the copies I sold, in the first instance from the office where they were published—I have obtained them from Paul for nearly twelve months—his shop is within a door or two of the Religious Tract Society—he allowed me twenty-seven to the two dozen—he observed that I could have there on the Saturday afternoon—the publication day at the office is Monday morning to the trade, and Tuesday to the public; as I was not very particular to time, I did not always get them from Paul till Monday, best mostly I got them on Saturday night—about three weeks ago I seat for them, and did not get them on Saturday—I went to Paul, and asked his the reason I did not have the number I should have on Saturday—he stated there had been some piece of work about publishing the visitor before the time—it was owing to one Brittain going to the Society, and showing them that he could have been them on Saturday night, but he considered it would be all blown over in a few weeks time.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you sell the Penny Magazine? A. Yes, a great many—I have sold twenty-seven of them to the two dozen.





JOHN DAVIS
 I am superintendent of the Religious tract Society. I have the charge of the Society's stock—John Dyson was a servant of mine—he was in the warehouse department—the country department—he had no authority to make any sales or make out any bills of parcels whatever—I cannot say that I know his handwritting—I have seen him write frequently—I should say that these bills of parcels are in his handwritting—it was reported in the house that some publications were lost, and on inquiry it was found to be so—money paid on account of the Society, would reach my hand every night from the parties in the shop, who bring their cash books to me—I have not received money for any of the articles mentioned in these bills of parcels to my knowledge.


Cross-examined. Q. Them you may have received some of these? A. No, sir, if I had, I must have known—8l. has been received, but beyond that, I have no knowledge—Dyson has been about six years with us—I am the Society's agent, and am responsible for all that goes out—the bosses are rented in my name, and the bills of parcels are made in my name—I pay the rent for the Society—I superitend their concerns and hare done so for nearly twenty years—there is no other person in the shop who control over the goods, except as shopmen, under me—I am responsible to the Society—I have looked at the papers that were handed to me, they are quite irregular—this is one of the printed wills of parcels, but it has no name or date—my own name is on it, but there is not the same of the purchaser, nor the date—this is one of the printed forms sent out form our office—it has my name engraved at the head of it, so that my one would know this belonged to the Religious Tract Society, and that I was the agent; here are several bills above 5l., and some not, on printed paper, but plain.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Suppose Dyson had been disposed to deal improperly had he access to these bills of parcels? A. They are accessible to my servants in the house—it is invariably the custom to set down the name of the purchaser, and the date, if it exceeds 5l.—I never sent out bills not printed, and without the vendor's name.

MR. DOANE
Q. Are you aware that Paul could know that internal regulation? A. I don't know that he could.

MR. CLARKSON
Q. How long had he lived next door to you? A. About a year and a half; but he had ample means before that, from having made many purchases above 5l., and received the discount—Do you must have known Paul.

COURT
Q. Is there a department for the sale of your Publications, besides the warehouse department? A. Yes; Dyson was in the country warehouse, for executing country orders.

MR. CLARKSON
Q. Do you he lived these bills to be in the handwriting of the prisoner Dyson? A. I believe they are.

COURT
Q. You say the clerk brought you their cash books in the evening? A. yes, and accounted to me—it was their duty to put down every item separately—Dyson's duty was to look out, and execute country orders, and pack them, and he himself was not to sell me any body—if he had been at the retail counter, he would have been out of his place—he would be able to get at any part of the stock.

Q. Do you yourself know how long Paul had dealt with the Society, at any previous time, when he was agent to another institution? A. he may be five or six years since, but since Dyson has been there he seldom came; we hardly knew him as a customer, but I apprehend he would know all the servants of the house—he lived nearly opposite before.





THOMAS DIX
 I am superintendent of the binding department of the Religious Tract Society. On Monday, the 21st of December, I went to Paul, and told him I was given to understand, that he had been selling the Weekly Visitor, which was published by us on Monday, on the previous Saturday, and I was very anxious on the subject, having the charge of that part of the stock myself—he said he had purchased 200 of the society on Saturday last, and that one of the hundred, contained a mixture of the number published on the 21st of December—I asked him how many he supposed there might be of that Monday's publishing; he said be should suppose about fifty; I said, "Do you suppose they exceeded that

number?"—he said, "I should think not"—I then asked him if such as occurrence ever took place before; he said, "No"—Dyson came into the shop while I was there, and inquired if his book was ready; Paul said, "No"—Dyson had paper open in his hand, which appeared to be as order—I saw Paul again the same day, in the after part, when I was in company with Mr. Lloyd—we both conversed with him—I told him we could not make out respecting the sale of the weekly Visitor, or how he could posses himself of so many—I said, I could not make out how he could sell twelve dozen to one person, sixteen to another, and two to another, out of fifty numbers—he said it was very strange, he thought it was impossible—I told him I could bring evidence to prove that he had done so—he said it was very singular—Mr. Lloyd asked him whether he knew Dyson, he said, "Yes"—he then asked if he had had any business transactions with him, he said, "No"—I remember Dyson being given into custody—on Monday, the 21st, Mr. Lloyd asked the prisoner what Dyson came for; he said he came for a novel, and know where Dyson lived—I was present when his house was searched—this paper was found there—I missed 2, 200 Weekly Visitors—that was 1, 100 of No.179, published on the 21st, of December, and 1, 100 of the following week—they are worth 3s. per 100.

COURT. Q. You mean the number for the 28th of December? A. yes

MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you present at any search of Paul's premises? A. Yes; I took this list of publications published by our house, which were found there—it contains a great number of the Society's publications.





ROBERT THEOBALD
. I am assistant to Mr. Davis. On saturday, the 19th of December, Mr. Brittain brought me twenty-seven weekly Visitors, which he stated he had brought of Paul—these are the publications—they all bear the date of the 22nd of December—they would be in course of publication by the society, to the trade, on Monday morning—on Monday, the 21st, a message was sent to Paul's shop, and he came in the evening, between six and eight—Mr. Jones, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Dix, and myself, were there—I heard all the questions that were put—Mr.Paul was asked to account for selling the Weekly Visitors on the saturday—he replied, that he had sent a lad to purchase two hundred of the preceding week, and that one of the bundles contained fifty of that week, and fifty of that succeeding week—he was asked whom he sent to buy them—he replied, "A lad who came into my shop"—being asked what lad, he said, he did not know, but would inquire—he was going away, after about half an hour's interview, and promising to produce the lad, if he could, and throw light on the investigation that he knew was then going on—he was asked where he bought these numbers, but not by me—I was asked if I had any observation to make—I said, "we ought not to request of Mr.Paul to make the inquiry, but to require it of him for no Jury would believe the fact, that he was in the habit of sending boys whom he did not know to purchase his goods"—I said, "We do not want more information than Mr.Paul can at this moment give us no object can therefore be attained by delay;" and, addressing Mr.Paul, I said, "Two things, sir, are certain: the one is, that we have been robbed; the other is, that you have received the goods"—I should say, that during the conversation, Mr. Paul had been reminded that sales of fourteen dosen, twelve dozen, and other sales, could be provided against him; and I asked him, how he could account for such large sales, since he had admitted that he only had fifty by mistake that week, and that such an error had not occurred before?—he said, it was impossible—he was asked, in the course of

the conversation, if he had had any business transactions with Dyson; and he said he had not—this was Monday, the 21st—he went away—I heard nothing more of him till Tuesday, the 29th, when, at about half-past nine o'clock in the morning, he came into the shop, and beckoned me aside—I took him into Mr.Davis's counting-room, and he said, "It is of no use attempting to keep this matter a secret any longer I am come to clear myself, and to show that I have paid for all the goods that I have had"—he then produced these papers, which are marked No. 1 to 10 in the first parcel; and 11 to 26, and this one, which makes twenty-seven—I have seen Dyson write frequently—these are Dyson's handwriting—I asked Paul if he had received all the goods specified in these papers—he replied that he had, and had paid for them—I asked him, "How?" and he pointed to these two papers (marked C)—he said he had paid for them in his own shop—On inquiring if he had paid the writer of the invoices, he said he had, on the dates they bear—I asked him if he did not suspect something was wrong—he replied, "Not till yesterday week"—that is the substance of what he said.

Q. Are you able to tell us whether, supposing he had purchased the different articles specified in these bills of parcels, and paid for them over the counter of the Society's office, he would not have received a discount of ten per cent.? A. On such as amounted to above 5l. he would—I searched Dyson's clothes, which were at the warehouse, and found this paper (marked A) in his waistcoat pocket—there is a memorandum on it at the bottom, in Dyson's hand-writing—on these invoices (Nos. 1to 27) being produced by Paul, and these two papers, I was proceeding to put them under my coat, and Paul said, "You will not take them?"—I said, "Yes, I must show them to Mr. Jones"—and I gave Paul a memorandum, that he had delivered papers, purporting to be invoices, into my hands—Mr. Dix was present part of the time during this interview—at the close of the interview, before Paul left, he asked if John Dyson was in sight—I looked through the counting-house window to ascertain—I then turned to him, and said, "The coast is clear"—and Mr. Dix, in my presence, at the same time informed that Dyson was behind the nest of shelves in the library—Dyson had no authority for selling any of the society's publications, and he only made out invoices under another young man, who was in the country department—the prices on this paper (A) and the casting up, are in Dyson's hand-writing—these invoices are quite irregular, and such as could not come from the Society—they have neither the name of the purchaser, the date, nor receipt: and some of them are not printed, only written; some of them have neither the name of the vendor nor purchaser.

Cross-examined. Q. Between the first and second interview, about one week had elapsed? A. Yes; he came voluntarily the second time—he had a week to abscond after the first interview—there are deductions from some of these bills—in one case a deduction of 12s. on a bill for only six pennyworth of goods—there are prices marked opposite the articles, and they are full prices, with a very few exceptions—on the 29th he objected to my taking these papers till I gave him a memorandum.





JAMES PALMER
. I am one of the clerks of the Bank of England. I know the hand-writing of the prisoner Paul—these papers (marked A and B) are in his hand-writing—I am secretary of the Books Society in Paternoster-row—it was established in 1750, for the circulation of religious books—Paul was in the service of that society for nine years—they are in

the habit of almost daily communication with the Religious Tract Society—Paul was their agent—his business was in the house and he resided in the house—he left in September, 1832, and set up for himself within a door or two of the Tract Society—the Book Society is opposite.

COURT. Q. You say Paul resided in the Book Society's house? A. Yes—I know that he has gone over to the Tract Society but his business there as agent would be to order the books—he certainly had the means of knowing, from the station he filled in the Book Society, the transactions of business in the Religious Tract Society.
(The documents, No. 1, to 27, were all invoices of weekly visitors and other publications of the Religious Tract Society, amounting to about 233l., but not relating to the present charge. The paper marked A and B were inventories of various other publications of the Society.)

DYSON was recommended to mercy by the Society with whom he had resided Six Years, on account of his previous good conduct.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

PAUL—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
