





2042. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     ELLISTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, 1 boat, value 5l., and 1 oar, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hodgson
                        



                     
                  ; 2 shirts, value 2s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3d., and 1 pair of trousers, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Warren 
                           Otterbourn
                        



                     
                  ; 1 shirt, value 1s., and 1 waistcoat, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           White
                        



                     
                  , in a certain vessel on the navigable river Thames; and that he had been previously convicted of felony
            .



                  JOHN 
                  HODGSON
               



            . I am captain of the Antelope collier, which laid at Bell-wharf tier, Shadwell




. On the 20th of August, at twelve o'clock at night, my boat was fast to my vessel; the prisoner did not belong to the ship - I had seen a person, who I believe to be him, that day.


                  RICHARD 
                  DALBY
               



            . I am a Thames Police-surveyor. -On the morning of the 21st of August, between four and five o'clock, I was in the Thames boat, and found the prisoner in the ship's boat - I asked where he was going; he said to Vauxhall, to see his friends - that his master gave him leave, and he belonged to the John: I could not find that ship - I saw "Autelope" written on the boat, and in the boat was a bundle, containing these articles, all of which he said were his, and belonged to himself; I took him in charge, and found out the Autelope - the captain has seen the boat.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a seaman
 belonging to the Autelope. This shirt and one waistcoat are mine, and were in my chest in the forecastle when I went to bed at night; at eleven o'clock next morning I found it broken open, and the things gone.


                  WARREN 
                  OTTERBOURN
               



            . I am apprentice
 on board the Antelope. Two shirts and a blue handkerchief are mine, and were taken from my chest in the forecastle; I saw them safe about ten o'clock at night.


                  JOHN 
                  HODGSON
               



            . The boat produced by Dalby is mine.


                  PETER 
                  COSTELLO
               



            . I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction - (read) - I know him to be the man named in that certificate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
