





777. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     NOTTAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, 5 ounces of silver, value 1l. 5s.; the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry John 
                           Lias
                        




                     
                   and others, his masters
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  JOHN LIAS
               



            . I am in partnership with my father and brother - we are silversmith
s, and live in Finsbury


 - the prisoner had been our apprentice, and then worked as our journeyman
 - on the 25th of April I received information, and on the 28th I gave him 58 ounces and 15 dwts. of silver filings and scrapings, to be melted - he brought them back in less than an hour, and I weighed them - they weighed about 51 ounces - the loss in melting would have been about 2 ounces - I procured an officer, and when the prisoner went out he was stopped, and brought into the counting-house - I desired the officer to search him immediately; and the prisoner then said, "I acknowledge to taking the piece to-day" - he then put his hand into his pocket, and took from his left hand breeches pocket a piece of silver, which was quite warm - this is it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had he meltedany more that day? A. Yes, he had melted another quantity, which he had returned correct - he has been about nine years with us.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BROWN
               



             (police-serjeant G 10). I was placed outside the premises, and when the prisoner came out I stopped him, and took him into the counting-house - the prisoner produced this piece of silver, which was hot - here is five ounces and a quarter of it - he said, "I acknowledge taking this to-day."
Prisoner. I am quite innocent of it - the prosecutor swears false to say I acknowledged taking it.


                  Francis 
                  Story
               



            , a cabinet-maker; 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Story
               



            ; 
               
                  Francis 
                  Grant
               



            , a brush-maker, of St. Luke's; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Symonds
               



            , a silk-manufacturer; and 
               
                  Rowland 
                  Rider
               



            , a shoe-maker, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
