



2253. 




HENRY BATT
 was indicted

for embezzlement.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH FOSTER
. I am in partnership with Mr. John Batt, a salesman, in Smithfield. The prisoner was in our employ so far as to attend to business on the two market-days, in Smithfield—he had his victuals at our house sometimes—it was his duty, when he received money, to take it to Mr. Biggerstaff—he has not accounted to me for 4l. 10s., and 3l. 15s.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When was it his duty to account to you for the sums he received on market-days? A. I settle my book with Mr. Biggerstaff on Mondays—the prisoner did not account to me—he is my partner's nephew—I am Mr. Batt's aunt—the prisoner did my work—he was employed by my partner—he was not employed as either clerk or servent—he volunteered to do what he did—I know nothing about his going into business on his own account—he has not accounted to his uncle for a length of time—I do not know that he has for twelve months—his uncle is not able to go out.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How long is it since he offered his services to do the work at Smithfield? A. Between two and three years—there was no arrangement made with him for wages—he was to take the money he received to Mr. Biggerstaff, the agent.





WILLIAM BIGGERSTAFF
. I am agent to Foster and Batt. The prisoner acted in their business for the sale of cattle in Smithfield—if he received any money it was his duty to bring it to me directly—he never accounted to me on the 25th of September for 3l. 15s. or for 4l. 10s.

Cross-examined. Q. Do not you know that he used to buy in the market? A. Certainly not, to my knowledge—I know he went into business for himself—he did not tell me he had been shamefully used, and had determined to start for himself—he spoke to me on the Wednesday before the 25th of September—I told him if he would keep out of the way that nothing more would be done—I told him so out of kindness, as I knew he was accused—I have a letter from him, in which he acknowledges he had received these sums, and several others—he happened to be taken on the day it was found he was in business, because that was the first day he was seen—I have had to pay the whole of the money, which is 50l.





ELLEN HAWKS
. I live in East-street, Marylebone—my husband is a butcher. I paid the prisoner 4l. 10s. on the 25th of September.





ROBERT THURLING
. I am a butcher, and live in Cannon-street, St. George's in the East. I paid the prisoner, on the 25th of September, 3l. 15s. for a calf.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you deal with the prisoner himself? A. Yes; and he bought some things—I have known him to buy calves at Romford within the last twelve months, and at Smithfield.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to live with Mr. Batt—I received no wages—I then left him for two or three years; and after he was taken ill, I went and took his business in hand—things were very bad, as Mr. Biggerstaff knows well, and I believe they are so now—Mr. Batt, being of a bad state of mind, said he was being starved—I was obliged to get him a home and cart, and whatever he wanted—he looked to me for every thing; and the distressed state they were in, obliged me to do as I did—when I found I could not go on any farther, I was obliged to leave Smithfield entirely—I came to a conclusion to set up for myself; and after three market-days I was taken—Mrs. Foster has not for a long time paid any expenses of the business.
(James Wren gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
