





1104. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  PINKERTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of June
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; 1 seal, value 6d.; and 1 key, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Burt
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        William 
                        Punchard
                     



.
JOHN BURT. I am a seaman
. I met William Punchard on the 10th of June, at the Ferry-house, in the Isle-of-dogs - I gave him my watch to take care of - I was going over to Greenwich - it was an old-fashioned silver watch, and the maker's name was Brown - it had a steel chain, a seal, and a key.
WILLIAM PUNCHARD. I received the watch, and as I was returning home that night, about half-past ten, I met the prisoner and another woman - they asked me to go with them - I went to a house in Limehouse-hole


 - I went to an up-stairs room with both the women - I laid on the bed, and went to sleep - I had given them four shillings between the two - I awoke about two o'clock, and missed the watch which had been in my fob - I had pulled my jacket, off, but my trowsers were on - I opened the window, and sung-out for the police - the prisoner was gone - the other woman was there - she was taken, but discharged.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Your friend asked you to take care of his watch? A. Yes; I had been drinking a little when I went with the women; but I was not drunk - I had been in one public-house, and stayed about half-an-hour with a young man who is now just gone in to Sydney - after I left the public-house, I had to call at a doctor's - I had the watch safe then - that was about one hundred yards before I met the women - the prisoner laid on the bed; the other woman on the floor - I had been in the house about half an hour when I fell asleep.

COURT. Q. What sort of a stone was in the seal? A. A red stone, with "M. B.," in old English letters.


                  THOMAS 
                  SIZER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Shadwell. On the 11th of June, about half-past seven in the morning, the prisoner came to me and brought a watch - I advanced her 1l. on it - it was an old-fashioned silver watch, and had a steel chain, a seal and key - the maker's name was Brown - there was a red stone in the seal, with the initials"M. B." on it - it was redeemed the same evening by another person.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. No - she was in the shop about five minutes - we have a great many persons come there - I took notice enough of the prisoner to swear to her.


                  MARTIN 
                  COPELAND
               



            . I took the prisoner - I taxed her with stealing the watch - she denied it.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the watch, nor the pawnbroker, till I was at Worship-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
