





999. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WRIGHT, alias 
ALFRED THRUSSELL





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of June
, 1 gelding, value 25l.
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Allingham
               




            .
JAMES ALLINGHAM. I live at Wandenend, near Hickley


, which is thirty-four miles from London - I had a chesnut gelding which I kept in my stable - I saw it safe a fortnight ago last Wednesday night - next morning about seveno'clock I went to the stable, and found the staple of the lock drawn - the lock was broken and the gelding gone - it was worth 25l. - I have since seen it in the possession of Herdsfield, the officer - the prisoner belongs to the neighbourhood.


                  EDWARD 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I drive a cabriolet, and live in Blackhorse-yard - on the 3rd of June, I saw the prisoner in King-street, Cheapside - I was on the stand - a boy was leading the horse along - I asked if it was for sale - the prisoner who was with him said it was - I asked the price, he said "26l." - I said, "If you name half the money, I will try and deal with you;" and in about half an hour he came down to 12l. - I said I could not give that, but if he would take 10l., I would give him 5l. down, and 5l. in a week's time, if the horse suited me - he wanted 7l. down - I said no, I would give him 5l. down - he agreed to it - I asked who he referred to - he said, "Myers, Rose-lane, Spitalfields" - a bridle and saddle were on the horse, which were to be given in with it - he was to have 12l. for them all at the end of a week - the horse appeared very weak - I had suspicion, and went and asked Herdsfield if it was safe to buy the horse - he came and took him into custody - the prisoner said he had swapped it at Royston, in Cambridge, for a cart - he offered it to me about two in the afternoon - it seemed distressed and very hard driven, its eyes were very weak and bad.


                  JOHN 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I detained the horse, and took the prisoner, as Vaughan applied for advice - he referred me to 
               Myers
            , a Jew, to whom he had sold a quantity of wool in Rose-lane, for a character - I went down there and found he had sold him a quantity of wool which had been stolen.
Prisoner's Defence. On Tuesday I bought a colt for 50s. of my uncle, whom the prosecutor knows - I was going to lead the colt for sale, and met a drover in Hertfordshire, with some horses - his attention was drawn to my having the colt - he stopped talking to me, and pointing to a horse said, "I have a nice one here, if you and I can bargain" - I gave him ten sovereigns and my colt for it, thinking I could get 1l. by it - I got to town at eight o'clock in the morning - Mr. Myers had referred a person to me who wanted a horse bought - it was not such a one as he wanted - I brought it to town - Vaughan asked if it was for sale - I did not offer it to him for less than 14l., and never offered the saddle and bridle in - when he found he could not get it for that, he gave me into custody - he said, "Take five sovereigns, and I will have it" - he thought to have done me out of the money.
EDWARD VAUGHAN re-examined. The horse was never in my possession - he said he would take 12l., and if I behaved like a tradesman, he would make me a present of the bridle and saddle - I said I would give him five sovereigns down, but did not produce them - he gave me the same account how he got it as he has given now.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
