





264. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HILT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 4 cheeses, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Cass
                        




                     
                   and another
            .
MR. CHURCHILL conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 7th of December, I saw the prisoner, and two others, a little before seven o'clock in the evening, on the Newington road


, about two hundred yards from Hackney new church - they were following a waggon; I saw the prisoner go two or three times, and take something out of the tail of it, but it was dark, and I could not see what it was; he, however put it through the rails of Hackney church - I went up and seized him; he struggled very hard, and kicked me two or three times in the I got assistance and secured him, but while I was doing that his companions took away the parcel. whatever it was.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q. Was it not dark. A. Yes - I can swear to the person of the prisoner; I was, perhaps, two hundred yards from him - I had noticed him when I passed him; I was opposite him when he took the parcel, and I seized him when he dropped it; the cheeses were open when they were found.
Re-examined. Q. When you were by the waggon you were near enough to see him? A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  JAMES PARKER
               



            . I am a broker. I was in the road, and saw the prisoner with two others - I saw him go and take something out of the waggon, then cross, and put it within the rails of the church - I assisted to secure the prisoner with Sullivan; I saw a man, in a white jacket, go and take what the prisoner had deposited, and he escaped, and so did the third man; the prisoner resisted very much.
Cross-examined. Q. What distance were you? A. About fifty yards - I can swear to his person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNET WEBSTER
               



            . I was in the road, a little distance from the White Hart - Mr. Parker told me a a Policeman had a man, and I came up and secured the prisoner.

JURY. Q. Were there gas-lights on the road? A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  CREAMER
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty on the morning of the 8th of December, about twenty minutes before eight o'clock - I went to an uninhabited house, a hundred yards from West-Hackney church; I found these three cheeses, placed by the side of each other, against the wall.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRATT
               



            . I am a labourer. On the 7th of December I assisted in loading some cheeses into Mr. Cass' waggon, in Whitechapel - I stood by the horses, and saw the cheeses put in; they were single Gloucester, like these - I went with the waggon, and was in the road when this took place - what the witnesses have sworn to is true.
Cross-examined. Q. Are not these very common cheses? A. I do not know.


                  THOMAS 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I am a carter, in the employ of Messrs. Cass. I drove the waggon on the 7th, went to Whitechapel, and took in sixty cheeses - I tied them down in the waggon; I did not observe any thing on the cheeses - I went to the station-house; I said to the prisoner, "You have been robbing my waggon of three cheeses;" I made him no threat or promise, but I understood him to answer, "I meant to have had a dozen."
COURT. Q. Soon after the waggon was robbed, you stopped? A. Yes, and ran up the road - when they took the prisoner I missed three cheeses from my waggon.
Cross-examined. Q. How were the cheeses removed? A. Three of them were pulled up, the tilt torn up, and the rope cut - I have been a fortnight in the employ of George and Richard Cass; they are partners - I believe the cheeses are the property of Richard Cass, but the waggon belongs to 
               
                  George 
                  Cass
               



            ; he employs me - it is his team; the rope was cut.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEAMAND
               



            . I am in the employ of Harbin and Larkin, in Whitechapel. I assisted in loading Cass' waggon with sixty Gloucester cheeses - I should know them again; this is one of them - it is marked H.4.; no other cheeses of that mark were sent out of our warehouse- we had but one hundred and twenty, and sixty of them are in our warehouse now; it was Cass' waggon.
Cross-examined. Q. Is not H.4. your general mark on all cheeses? A. It is of that dairy - I can only swear that Mr. Cass bought the whole of that dairy.
JOHN SULLIVAN. I searched the prisoner, but found no knife on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been and received 2l.; I drank some 6d. ale, and got tipsy - in going home this man came and took hold of me; he said he wanted me, but would not say for what - we fell in the road, and he said to the waggoner, "You stop the waggon;" he went to his waggon and said he missed for cheeses, the tilt was open, and the rope cut - the serjeant said to the Police-officer, "You must try and convict this man."
JOHN SULLIVAN. There is a reward on conviction, but nothing was said about that.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
