





726. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SEABY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of February
, 1 tippet, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Maria 
                           Gouldsmith
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, from her person
            .
MARIA GOULDSMITH. I live with my father, who is a dyer - I am single. On the 19th of February I was at Stanhope-gate


, going from our house in Duke-street to Chelsea; just as I was going in at the gate I met two soldiers coming out - I had a parcel in my hand, and one of them snatched it from me; it was in a brown paper, and a part of the paper was left in my hand - there was a muslin tippet in the parcel: the soldiers went across the road, and down Park-lane - I called to a gentleman, and pointed out the person who took it, and still had it in his possession - I had not lost sight of him; I got it again in about five minutes - I have no recollection of the person who took it- he had a surtout coat on, but I did not notice his other dress.
Prisoner. Q. Was I the person who took it? A. I cannot tell from his appearance, but the moment it was taken I turned, and kept my eyes upon the person who had it till it was taken from him.
COURT. Q.Then you saw it taken from the man who took it from you? A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  PENN
               



            . I live in Bedford-street, Vauxhall. I saw the prisoner and another soldier at the gate - they had been before me for about two hundred yards, and appeared intoxicated; at the time they got to the gate I saw the prosecutrix there - they were close to her; she appeared to me to be falling, as if the men had run against her; I came up, and she said, "The soldier had taken my parcel from me" - I saw the prisoner with the parcel in his left hand; I went to get it from him, and he struck me, but I got it from him - another person came to my assistance, and I followed the prisoner to Portman-street barracks - when he went in I called the serjeant, and spoke to him on the subject; I am certain the prisoner is the man - I gave the parcel to the other person who came to my assistance; I did not see him give it to the prosecutrix, but she says he did - I have no doubt the prisoner and the other were both intoxicated, though he denied it, and so did the serjeant - it was as near nine o'clock as possible when they got to the barracks.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all about it.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutrix.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
