



2900. 




MARY FORD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
22nd of October, 1 jacket, value 1l. 10s.; I waistcoat, value 5s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; the goods of 



Charles Powell.






CHARLES POWELL
. I am a sailor, and live in a court in New Gravel-lane. On the 22nd of October, about nine o'clock at night, I met the prisoner, in the Black Horse public-house, Tower-hill—I went with her to the King of Prussia public-house, in Blue Anchor-yard—it was then close upon twelve o'clock—I after that went to a house in Rose-court, and went to bed with her—I was a little the worse for liquor—I took off my jacket, waistcoat, and handkerchief, and put them on a chair—I awoke about seven o'clock in the morning, and missed them—the prisoner said she knew nothing about them, and that I had not any on when she brought me to the house, but I know that I had put them on the chair—I said if she would let me have my things I did not wish to hurt her—but she made fun, and laughed at me—I said I would give her some money if she would give me them back—I lost some money—I think I had about 6s. when I went to the house—this is my jacket and handkerchief—(looking at them.)





EDMUND GAPP
. I keep the King of Prussia public-house—the prosecutor and prisoner were there on the 22nd of October—they had both been drinking—when they went away the prosecutor had his jacket, waistcoat, and neck cloth on—in about half an hour the prisoner came back, and

asked to leave a shawl till the morning—the officer came and had it—the jacket was in it.





WILLIAM SOWERBY
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Cable-street—I have a handkerchief, pawned by a person in the name of Downey—I am pretty sure it was not the prisoner.





GEORGE SMITH
. I am a police-sergeant. The prosecutor came to me in the morning to complain of his loss—I went to the Crown and Seven Stars public-house, in Rosemary-lane, and found the prisoner there—she said the whole time he was with her he had neither jacket, waistcoat, nor handkerchief on—and on the way to the station-house she said she hoped I would make it as light as I could for her, and she would make it all right another time—I went to Mr. Gapps, and got the shawl and jacket—I found the waistcoat last Thursday, at a Mrs. Murphy's, in Rosemary-lane.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor said he would pay me the next morning—he and I got drunk—I spent 1s. 6d. of my own money—he left me his jacket, and I took that and my own shawl to the public-house—when I came back he was quarrelling with a man and woman, and it is most likely that woman took his waistcoat and handkerchief, as he had neither of them on—I asked him where he had been, and he said with some girl—in the morning he asked me for these things—I said I did not know where I left the jacket—he asked if I had any money—I borrowed a sixpence, and we had a pint of beer and a quartern of gin—he then fetched this officer.




GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
