





OLD COURT. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15TH.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
484. 
               
                  
                     JOB 
                     FENSOM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Owen
                        




                     
                  , on the 11th of February
, and stealing therein 1 book, value 4s., his property
            .
JOHN OWEN. I am a stationer
 at Cambridge-heath


 - I was not at home when this happened; on the 11th of February, I went out in the morning, and returned in the evening, and found the window broken, and the book gone - it was produced next morning.


                  HENRY 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am an officer. About a quarter before eight o'clock I saw the prisoner standing by the prosecutors window; and from a circumstance which happened an hour before, I suspected him - I passed by the window and saw it was not broken; I watched him for nearly half an hour, and when nobody was passing by, his two companions gave a signal - and when the regular Policeman passed they went away, and then I observed him leave the window, I met him in the middle of the road with the book under his coat, and secured him - the window was then broken; it was a quarter after eight o'clock, it was not broken half an hour before; he resisted and would not come back.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found the book laying on the path, and as I knew the officer would take it from me if he saw me, I put it under my jacket.
HENRY LAMBERT. Part of the square of glass was broken out; he told the Magistrate he heard the window break, put his hand in, and took it out as he passed by; I saw the broken glass in the foot path.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
