





1397. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     SHERIDAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, 1 coral necklace, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Sulman
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Harriet 
                        Sulman
                     



.
ELIZABETH ULYET. I am the daughter of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Ulyet
               



            , a carpenter, who lives in Crown-street, Old-street-road


. On the evening of the 13th of May, I was looking out of our front room window, and saw the prisoner with another boy; he turned to Harriet Sulman, unsnapped her beads, rolled them up in his hand, and ran to the top of the street - I am sure he is the person; I got a fair look at him- he turned to see if any body was looking at him, but he did not see me.
Cross-examined by MR. ROWE. Q. What hour was this? A. A little before eight o'clock in the evening; I was at our two-pair of stairs window; the little girl lives four doors from our house - I did not see several other persons passing; I had seen the prisoner before; he had a round cap on; I did not say any thing when he took them.
COURT. Q. How soon was he taken afterwards? A. It might be five minutes.


                  EMMA 
                  RIGGLESWORTH
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Rigglesworth
               



             - I am nearly ten years of age. I was playing with Harriet Sulman, in Crown-street; the prisoner came and turned her round, unsnaped the beads from her neck, and gave them to a bigger boy, who was with him, and the prisoner ran away.
Q. Had you seen him before? A. No, I was next door; I could see what he did - I am quite sure he gave them to another boy when he got to the top of the street; I saw a gentleman ran after him; I did not make any noise - I told the gentleman, and he came out when he heard the child cry; my father came home from chapel, and I went in with him, but I saw the prisoner give the heads to the other boy before I went in.
GEORGE SIMPSON. I live in Crown-street. This witness called my attention to the prisoner; I pursued, and caught him running through Hoxton-square - I took him, and asked what he had done with the beads which he took from the child's neck - he said he knew nothing about them; I brought him back; he was identified by both the witnesses, and I gave him in charge.
Cross-examined. Q. How far do you live from the spot? A. Not above seven yards - I ran out as soon as I heard the child scream; it was about eight o'clock in the evening; there were a few boys in the square, but not running - there is a short turn from the street which I live in to the square; the beads were taken about thirty yards from the square - I saw the prisoner when he was about twenty yards from me; I did not lose sight of him.


                  MARY 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Simpson
               



            . I have the care of Harriet Sulman - I put the necklace on her neck about three o'clock, and saw it safe about five minutes before I heard her cry out; I ran to the door, and saw my husband run after the boy - her father's name is John Sulman.

JAMES BLACK (Police-constable S 208). I took the prisoner in charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
