



1371. 




JOHN MULCAHY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of March, 1 shawl, value 4s., the goods of 



Elizabeth Marshall.






ELIZABETH MARSHALL

being called, did not appear.






MARY GREEN
. I live in Church-street, St. Giles's, in the same house as Elizabeth Marshall. I received information from her, yesterday three weeks, about half-past eleven o'clock at night, and went after the prisoner, and stopped him, about twenty yards from our door—I asked him if he had got the young woman's shawl—he denied having it—she came up, and said, "Have the goodness to give me my shawl"—he denied several times having taken it—she stopped with him about twenty minutes, or half an hour, asking him to give it up, but he would not—the policeman then took him to the station-house, and found the shawl round his body—this is it—(looking at it.)

Prisoner. Q. How do you know the shawl? A. I have often seen Marshall wear it—it is hers.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
 (police-constable E 49.) The prisoner was given into my custody—I searched him, and found this shawl inside his shirt, twisted round his body—he had denied having it about him—I have often seen the shawl on Marshall's back—she is an unfortunate woman, and has walked Broad-street for years.

Prisoner. Q. Who called you to come up? A. Marshall called "Police" several times, and that was what drew my attention to you.

Prisoner's Defence. Marshall picked me up in the street, and took me home—I was very drunk, and was sick all about the place, and my clothes were all unbuttoned—I missed my money, and said I would give her in charge—she buttoned my clothes up, and what she put there I don't know—I came down stairs, not knowing I had any thing about me, and walked out—this young woman came to me, and I stood talking to her till they brought a policeman, which I should not have done if I had been guilty—I was stupidly drunk, and did not know I had the shawl.





MARY GREEN

re-examined. He never charged Marshall with robbing him, or said he had lost his money—he had been drinking a little, but was not tipsy.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX

re-examined. He had been drinking, but was not drunk—he knew very well what he was about—he resisted being taken, and endeavoured to get away—I had to take him by force—I did not tell the Magistrate he went willingly—this is my deposition—looking at it)—read—" He at first resisted, and then went quietly"—he stated at Hatton-garden

that he was sick at the station-house, which was not true—I found 2s. on him.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
