





OLD COURT. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 17.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Bolland.
1530. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Lee
                        




                     
                  , on the 2nd of September
, and stealing therein 4 spoons, value 6s., her property
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LEE
               



            . I live at the Weavers' alms-houses, Old-street-road


 - there are four of us in one house; we have each a room to ourselves: I keep the key of my own room - there is an outer door and an iron gate to the garden. On the 2nd of September I went out at twelve o'clock in the morning; I locked my door, but left the window ajar - my room is on the ground floor, and the window in front; the houses are in Shoreditch parish - I know no other name to the parish; I came home about eight o'clock, and found my door still locked, but missed four silver tea-spoons from my cupboard - they were safe in the morning; I found a fire-box on the table; there is room to get in at the window - I have been robbed before in that way.


                  JANE 
                  CAREY
               



            . I live in the same house. I was sitting in my room, and saw a light under Lee's room door at eight o'clock - I went to the street door, and then to the window, and saw the prisoner at the cupboard, with a light in his hand; I gave an alarm, and saw him get out of the window - I then went to the gate, and just touched his coat; he struck me across the arm, and said, "Don't hold me;" he crossed the road - he was brought to the gate by a Policeman within ten minutes; I am sure he is the man.


                  SARAH 
                  FAULKNER
               



            . I live with my father, in Caroline-place, Kingsland-road. I saw the prisoner get out of the window, and ran out at the gate; I was at my stall, opposite the gate in Old-street - Mrs. Carey called me: I have seen him pass before, and am sure he is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  BEARD
               



            . I live in Hoxton-town. I was up stairs in the alms-house when this happened; I was called down, and observed the prisoner in the garden, trying to get by Mrs. Carey at the gate; I ran forward - he struck her, and ran into the street; I called Stop thief! and pursued towards Shoreditch church, till he came to Mr. Welch's shop - he there threw himself down over the grating, and with his right-hand pulled the spoons from his breast, and dropped them through into the area - I took him by the left-hand; he gave a twitch, and got from me- I followed, calling Stop thief! till he got to the Hackney-road gate, and ran into a Policeman's arms; he got from him for a moment, and turned towards Shoreditch; the Policeman secured him - I assisted in taking him to the station, and the four spoons were brought in by Mr. Taylor, Welch's partner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            , JUN. My father is a surgeon, and lives in Kingsland-road. I heard a cry of Stop thief! went to the door, and saw two men rustling on the areagrating; I do not know who they were - somebody said something was dropped down; I went and found four silver tea-spoons in the area, and gave them to my father.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            , SEN. My son gave me three spoons on the 2nd of September: I delivered them to Bird, and I picked up one myself in the area.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am a Policeman. I produce four tea-spoons, which Mr. Taylor gave me - Fearn gave me a match-box.


                  ABEL 
                  HOUNSON
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prisoner was running towards me from a cry of Stop thief! and I took him - he slipped under my arm, and got away, but I ran round the gate, and caught him; Bird was pursuing him: he said he had been robbing the Weavers' alms-houses - I took him there; Carey said he was the man - he said nothing.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FEARN
               



            . I received information, went to the alms-houses, and found a phosphorus-box in Lee's room; I gave it to Bird - there were two matches in the cupboard, and a candlestick on the table, with a candle in it - it was not burning.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home, and near Shoreditch met a mob; I went further, and the Policeman took hold of me - I asked what was the matter; he said he did not know - he let me go: I went on - he came back and took me; the lady came to the station, and said she did not know me - the Policeman talked to her, and then she said she knew me.




               GUILTY (of stealing only.)
             Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
