





1366. 
               
                  JOSEPH HUTCHINSON 
                  CHAPMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of June
, at St. Martin, Ludgate


, 1 ring, value 3s.; 2 boxes, value 2d.; 1 seven-shilling piece; 20 sovereigns; and 2 half-sovereigns; the goods and monies of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Chapman
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
BENJAMIN CHAPMAN. My dwelling-house is in the parish of St. Martin, Ludgate. On the 27th of June, I went as far as Bull and Mouth-street, at a little after two o'clock, leaving my wife at home - I returned within half an hour - my wife was down stairs - I found the prisoner in my room - I have but one room, and that is on the ground floor - he is my grandson - he seldom visited me - I asked him where his grandmother was - he said she was down stairs - he went away in two or three minutes, saying he was going out with a cab, and should be back in an hour- he did not live in the house - as soon as he went out, I ran to my drawers, and missed a ring, two boxes, twenty sovereigns, and two half-sovereigns - I had seen them all safe an hour before, when I looked over the money, as I was going to pay my rent with it - I know I locked the drawer - there was nobody but my wife in the house, and nobody but the prisoner came in while I was away.


                  ANN 
                  TERRY
               



            . I lodge in the front parlour of Mr. Chapman's house - I did not see him go out - I saw the prisoner go through the passage to Chapman's room - I cannot tell whether any body else came in.


                  ANN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I live in Currier's-row. The prisoner came to Sussex Rodney, where I was visiting my father - I did not know him before - he came with my husband's nephew - they stopped about an hour, and dined, and then went away.


                  HENRY 
                  GEORGE BOONINCK
               



            . I went to school with the prisoner four years ago - he and I went to Brighton together - we went eight miles beyond Brighton - we did not live very well - we set off on Friday evening, the 27th of June - I saw him with about ten sovereigns - he paid the bills - when we got to Brighton he said he had been to the old man's and got the money there - I understood him to mean his grandfather - he said he was very sorry he had robbed his grandfather, and he hoped it would be the means of his uncle and his mother sending him to sea, for they had let him be about very miserable lately, and not given him money to get any victuals.




               GUILTY. Aged 17. - Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
