




1696. 




ANN LEEDS
 and 




GEORGE BROWN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of June, 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the monies of 




Joseph Henry Adams, from his person.






JOSEPH HENRY ADAMS
. I cart hay to town for Mr. W. Shepherd, of Great Warley, in Essex. I was in town on Thursday, June the 30th—I came with straw that day—I had some money of my master's about me, which I brought up to pay for things—I met the prisoner Leeds at a little after nine o'clock in the morning, as I was going up Whitechapel—I had got to town about eight o'clock—she asked me if I would go home with her—I asked her where it was—she said, "Just up the street"—I went home with her—I asked if she had any man at home—she said, no, she had got a room of her own—she took me up three pairs of stairs—she went in the room, and closed the door—I gave her 1s.—she

turned it over a good many times, and then said it was a bad one, and asked me to give her another—I refused—she said, if I did not give her another she would call a man—I said I would give her that shilling to let me go—she said I should not go out—I said I would jump out of window—she caught hold of my back and called Brown and he demanded another shilling—I said I had no more—he said, I was a b—y liar—she came to me to search my pockets—I put my hands into my hands into my pocket, and pulled out 2s. 6d.—she snatched it out of my hands—the man bolted the door and stood with his back against it, and would not let me go out—she gave the man 1s. of the money—she had 2s. and 2s. 6d. of me—before I gave the money, the man demanded 1s. for the room—the woman pulled me about, and said she knew I had more money, and why did I deny it—I had got more money, she knew—she was going to feel my pockets again—I put my hand in, and pulled out a half-crown and a sixpence, and the man snatched the half-crown, and the woman the sixpence—he went out of the room. I ran after him, and she after me—she called to him to throw the pot at my head, and knock me down—I got out of the house—I had got my master's money all safe, in the front of my shirt—I told the policeman of this, but they were gone—they were taken the next morning in bed, I believe—I am sure they are the same persons.





ROBERT BACKHOUSE
 (police-constable H 92.) The prosecutor complained to me that he had been robbed—I went in pursuit of the prisoners—I found them in bed the next morning, at No.102 Wentworth street—it was the same house and the same room—I told Leeds I wanted her for robbing a countryman—she said, "So help me God, I did not rob him I only bilked him"—I said to Brown, "You are equally guilty"—he said, "I only went to the room-door, and demanded 1s. of him."

Leeds's Defence. This young man came and asked me to take him home—I took him to this place—I asked him what he was going to give me—he said, "A shilling," and he gave me one—I said, "Wo'nt you give me 1s. for the room?"—he said, "Yes"—he gave me 1s.—I called this man, and gave it to him—then I asked him if he would give me any more—he said, he would give another 1s.—then he unbolted the door, and went down, and I never saw him till I was taken—I never saw any money of his,

Brown's Defence. I was called, and took 1s. for the room—that is all I known of it.

LEEDS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.




Transported for Fourteen Years.
