



1673. 




EUGENE ARAM
 was again indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Tricker Conquest, on the 
16th of June, at 

St. Luke, with intent to steal, and stealing, therein, 1 cape, value 2l.; and 1 desk, value 3l.; his goods.






ROBERT HARRISON
. I am footman to Dr. John Tricker Conquest, of Finsbury-square, in the parish of St. Luke. On the 16th of June, about half-past six o'clock, I heard a ring at the bell—I opened the door, and saw the prisoner—I asked what he wanted—he said he wishted to see the Doctor—I told him the Doctor had just gone out (which he had about three minutes before)—I asked him if it was any thing particular—he said it was rather particular—I desired him to wait, and showed him into the library—I returned in about three minutes and a half, and saw Mr. John Conquest coming down the drawing-room statirs—I went into the library, and saw the prisoner standing behind the door with the writing-desk and clock—I asked what he did there—he said he had brought these things for Dr. Conquest—I told him he had taken the cape from the hall the desk from the library-table—I took them off his shoulder and fetched a

policeman—when I returned I found him struggling with Mr. Conquest—he was given into custody.





MR. JOHN CONQUEST
. I am the son of Dr. Conquest, I was coming down stairs from the drawing-room into the hall, and saw the prisoner in the hall and before I got to the bottom of the stairs he went into the library—I went in and saw the desk and cape on his shoulder—I asked what he did there—he said he came to see Dr. Conquest—I called Robert, and asked who he was—he said "a gentleman waiting to see master"—he came into the room with me—the prisoner still had the things on his shoulder—I sent for a policeman, collared the prisoner, and took him into the libray—he was very quiet, and said, "If you will let go of my collar, and let me sit down, I will be very quiet"—I did so—he rose up—I told him to sit down, instead of which he rushed to the fire-place and snatched up the poker—I stuggled with him for it, he got hold of the tongs, and with the poker smashed the barometer, and broke a glass book—case—he scratched me and caught me by the throat, but I held him till the policeman came.

Prisoner. Q. Did I break the glass accidentally? A. I cannot tell, very likely yor did.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.
