



2562. 




WILLIAM JAMES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of August, 2 table-cloths, value 25s.; and 1 napkin, value 5s., the goods of 



Henry Joseph Reed.







JAMES JOHNSON
. I am waiter at the Cheshire Cheese public-house, in Marquis-court, Drury-lane, kept by Henry Joseph Reed. On the 31st of August, I saw the prisoner in the tap-room with a basket, which appeared to be quite empty—in half an hour I saw him go along passage towards the yard, with something in the basket—I took hold of him, asked what he had in his basket, he said, "Nothing"—I asked him lo let me look—he threw it down and ran away—I caught him in Little Russell-street, returned, and found two table-cloths and a napkin in the basket, which are Mr. Reed's property.





PHILLIP CRICK
. I live at the Cheshire Cheese public-house. I was outside the house, and saw the prisoner throw the basket down—I took it up and gave it to somebody standing by the, bar—I saw the linen in it before I parted with it.





JOHN LLOYD
. I am a servant out of place and live in Wild-court, Drury-lane—the basket was handed to me after Crick took it up—I kept it until the officer came, and I delivered it to him in the same state.





JOHN MANHOOD
 (police-constable F 65.) I received the basket from Lloyd, with the things in it—I saw them stopped in the street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I am a plumber—I had been, returning from some work, and going home past this house, I went in and had half a quartern of gin—I was taken bad and went into the yard—as I returned, I stopped; and counted my money—I went out, and Denny came out—he had a goldheeded stick, and said, "What have you got in your basket?"—I said, "Nothing but my own property"—he said, "Oh! yes, it was you that stole two dozen knives and forks, two months ago"—knowing myself innocent, but being fearful of being taken on that charge, I ran away, leaving my basket there—I declare solemnly I knew nothing of the table-cloth being; there.





JAMES JOHNSON

re-examined. Denny was there, and had a stick—we had lost some knives before, but nothing was said about them.





JOHN MANHOOD

re examined. I found twenty duplicates at the prisoner's house—we could not trace the knives to him—he was not charged with stealing them.

Prisoner. It was said I had been there two months before, when the knives and forks were lost—I was remanded to give them time to find them.





JOHN LLOYD

re-examined. Crick delivered the basket to a person who gave it to me—no one could have put any thing into it after it came from him.




GUILTY
. * Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
