




151. 




ANN PRIDEAUX
 and 




EMMA FLOYD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of November, 50 handkerchiefs, value 6l.; 9 pairs of half-boots, value 30s.; 21 pairs of shoes, value 2l. 12s.; 28 pairs of stockings, value 28s.; 2 shawls, value 7s.; 4 pair of stays, value 28s.; 2 frocks, value 12s.; 1 cap, value 8s.; 1 bag, value 2s.; 7 combs, value 10s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s. 6d.; 5 yards of muslin, value 5s.; 7 yards of cotton, value 7s.; 3 pairs of braces, value 6d.; and 14 yards of lace, value 11s.; the goods of 



Nathan Blake.






ELIZABETH BLAKE
. I am the wife of Nathan Blake. We keep two shops, one for shoes, and one for haberdashery—I and Mary Ann Barton attend the haberdashery shop—I have known the prisoners some time—they have been customers at the shop—in consequence of missing a variety of articles, I went to their lodgings in Shouldham-street, on Thursday, the 6th of October—I found there some worked muslin belonging to us, which they said they bought in Oxford-street; but I showed them my private mark upon it—I then took a bag, which they said had nothing in it belonging to me; but I found in it a great number of duplicates of this property—they then began to cry, and said it was all over with them.


Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When had you seen that piece of muslin? A. I cannot say; it was perhaps six weeks, or two months, but I can swear it had not been sold—I have no doubt the articles were taken in small parcels, and at different times.





WILLIAM ELLIOTT
 (police-constable D 18.) I was taking the prisoners to the station-house on a charge of stealing a frock—I had these duplicates in a bag in my pocket—Prideaux said to me, "For God's sake, do not show them to Mrs. Blake"—I said, "You do not mean to say that they are all hen"—she said, "There is a great many of them, and I will tell you how we used to do; I used to take things, and she, poor girl," pointing to Floyd, "used to go and pawn them."





JOHN WARREN
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in John-street, Edgeware-road. I produce two handkerchiefs, one pair of hose, one pair of stays, and a pair of shoes—I cannot say by whom pawned, but these are the duplicates.





JAMES WALLIS
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a number of articles pawned at different times since April last, by the prisoner Floyd—there are twenty-seven in all.





HENRY GIBBS
. I am a pawnbroker. I have eight pairs of stockings, fire silk handkerchiefs, one pair of child's shoes, one pair of women's half-boots, three pair of children's braces, which were pawned at different times by the prisoner Floyd—these are the duplicates.

Cross-examined. Q. Read the dates. A. The 5th and 23rd of April; the 4th of July; the 3rd, 9th, 16th, 20th, 27th, and 31st of October.





JAMES ALDOUS
. I am a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of stockings, four silk handkerchiefs, and one pair of boots—these are the duplicates.

Cross-examined. Q. Give the dates. A. On the 7th, 14th, and 21st of October—they were pawned by Floyd.





JOHN THOMAS CRESSWELL
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of women's boots, pawned by a female on the 30th October—I cannot say who—this is the duplicate given.





EDWARD SMITH
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of woman's boots, and two handkerchiefs, pawned on the 25th of October, by Floyd.





GEORGE KING
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a remnant of calico, a silk bag, and a pair of boots, pawned on the 31st of October by Prideaux.





BENJAMIN BIRDSEYE REEVE
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a handkerchief; and three pairs of shoes, pawned on the 29th and 30th of October; the shoes by Prideaux; the other I cannot say by whom.
(JAMES REARDON was called on his recognizance, but did not answer.)





ELIZABETH BLAKE
. These stays are ours—they have a private mark on them—these shoes have our mark an them—I have looked at all this property—I have no doubt of its being ours—I cannot fix any time when these articles were taken—for the last six weeks or two months we have missed a great variety of articles when I have looked over my stock, perhaps two or three times a week—I particularly missed the silk handkerchiefs—I spoke once about the stockings—I cannot say how many times I missed articles—this pair of stays have not been sold; it is not a make that we frequently sell—I should have knows if they had been sold—it is customary to inform me when articles of their value are sold—no one but myself and Miss Barton sell stays.





MARY ANN BARTON
. These stays are my mistress's, and have not been sold.

Cross-examined. Q. What enables you to swear that? A. We have

but very few of this make—we had but two pairs two months ago—one pair is at home; this pair has not been sold—I have not sold a pair of stays of this pattern within the last two months—I always remember what pattern the stays are that I sell.
(Ann Finn, of Rupert-street, and Mary Ann Seaborn, of Monkwell-street, gave Prideaux a good character.)

PRIDEAUX—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

FLOYD—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.




Transported for Seven Years.
