



194. 




JAMES ELLIOTT
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Brittain, on the 
7th of November, at 
Greenwich, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 1l. 5s.; 1 watch-key, value 1d.; 1 shirt-front, value 1s. 6d.; 1 coat, value 1l. 10s., 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 necklace, value 4s.; 1 watch-guard, value 10s.; 1 ring, value 2s.; 1 shawl, value 40s.; 1 shirt value 2s., and 3 waistcoats, value 15s.; his goods; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ROSINA BRITTAIN
. I am the wife of William Brittain, a bricklayer, at Maidstone-hill, in the parish of Greenwich. On the 7th of November I left the house about five minutes before twelve o'clock, and left the door on the spring-lock—the windows were safe—I left a watch-ribbon and key in the house, and the other things stated in the indictment—I am sure they were all safe before I left—I missed them when I returned—we have moved since.





FRANCES BRITTAIN
. I am the prosecutrix's mother-in-law. I went to the house on Maidstone-hill on the 9th October—I received the key from my daughter-in-law's little girl, who I met on London-bridge—I opened the door with it, and about ten minutes after I got in I perceived there was something not right, and missed the metal watch, and a suit of my son's clothes—I saw my son next morning, and informed the police as soon as I got to town.





WILLIAM GEORGE OSBORNE
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information from the prosecutrix I went in search of the prisoner—I apprehended him on the 11th of November in Greenwich road, going towards

Deptford—I searched him, and found a tobacco-box in the lining of his hat, and the duplicate of a watch pawned at Barham's in the name of "Thomas Jones"—I went there and found the watch.





JAMES PARRY
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner from the station-house after he had been there, and found a shirt front on him, which he was wearing—he said it was his own.





WILLIAM HUNT
. I am shopman to Mr. Barham, a pawnbroker is Princes-street, Soho. I received a watch in pawn from the prisoner, is the name of Thomas Jones, for 14s.—I am sure he is the man—this is the duplicate I gave him.

Prisoner. I did not pawn it; it was a young man named Jones Witness. I am quite sure of him—I saw him at Green with a few days after.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the ticket of a young man at Rotherhithe, and a young man named Jones, man named Jones, a carpenter, got it out, and pawned it in another place—two young men saw me buy it.





JAMES WILD
. I am policeman. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of the prisoner (read)—I was present at his trial, and as certain he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.
