



2414. 




CHARLES PARR
 was indicted

 for that he, having been convicted of uttering counterfeit coin, did afterwards, on the 
21st of September, utter and put off to one 



Ann Penniall a counterfeit half-sovereign, well knowing it to be counterfeit; against the Statute, &c


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Charles Parr at this Court, in January, 1835—I have examined

it with the original record in Mr. Clark's office, and it is a true copy—(read.)





JOSEPH KENT
. I was present here in January, 1835, when the prisoner was tried and convicted of uttering a gilt sixpence for half a sovereign.





JAMES ALLING
. I am a watch-maker, and live in Red Lion-street Whitechapel. On the 6th of September, about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my shop and asked for a flat watch-key—he spoke like a foreigner—I showed him a card of keys—he put his finger on a white one, and threw down a sovereign—I cut the key off, and put it in paper—it came to two shillings—it was a plated one—I sent my daughter up stairs for change, which she brought down; and among it was half a sovereign, which I had taken half an hour before—I counted it over to him on the counter—I am sure the half-sovereign I put down to him was a good one—the prisoner said, "Red one, red one"—(I had put up the white one)—I looked him in the face, and said, This is the one you made choice of, do you want a chain or a seal?"—he said, "Red one, red one"—I turned round to get a red one off the card, brushed it, and put it on a piece of paper—he was moving the change about with his hand over it, apparently counting it, and said, "One shilling, one shilling"—I said, "The price it two shillings"—he said, "Too much"—I took him to be a foreigner—he was dressed very showily, with a ring, and blue steel spectacles on, and a very fashionable coat and hat—I was tired of him, being busy, and I swept the change all off the counter, and laid his sovereign down, and thought it best for him to go out of the shop; he went on saying, "Too much, too much," walking off with the sovereign—I looked at the half-sovereign half an hour afterwards, and found it was a spurious one—it was a gilt sixpence—this is it—(producing it)—I am quite certain the prisoner left this—I had noticed my own half-sovereign—my daughter stood while I counted it over to him—mine was darker, and I knew it to be a good one—about half an hour before a neighbors had come in, and paid me 4s. 6d.—I then saw the half-sovereign, and looked at it with my eye-glass, and put it in a paper into my tea-chest

Prisoner. Q. Did you go to the station-house in Spitalfields to look at a man now in custody? A. did not—I did not state in my deposition that I was busy in placing a movement in a pair of gold cases, and the gentleman that came in held his bead down.
(The witness's deposition being read, contained the following sentence: "he held his head down, and said, a flat watch-key.")





CHARLOTTE ALLING
. I am the daughter of the last witness. On the 6th of September my father rang the bell for me—in consequence of what he said, I went up stairs to the tea-chest in the bed-room—I took out half a sovereign, two half-crowns, and three shillings—the half-sovereign was in paper—I brought them down to the shop, and laid it on the counter, close to where the prisoner stood—I am sure he is the man—shortly afterwards I took the coin in question off the work-board—it was not the same half I sovereign that I had brought down stairs—I went to the baker's shop to get I it changed, and when I got there I discovered that it was not the same—I returned to my father's, and the prisoner was then gone—I am sure I get the same from the baker's that I carried to him—he is not here, but it was not out of my sight—he had no opportunity of changing it.





ANN PENNIALL
. My father is a waterman living at Greenwich. I was at Mr. Deer's boot and shoe-maker's shop at Greenwich, on Thursday evening, the 21st September, about seven o'clock—the prisoner was in

the shop at the time I went in—I am quite sure he is the person—he was dressed very respectably except his shoes, which were shabby—he had a chain outside his waistcoat—I heard him ask for a bottle of blacking, which came to 1s. 6d.—he said, "Will you give me 8s. 6d., and I will give you half a sovereign?"—Mrs. Deer was attending to him—she looked into the till, and said, "I have no change—I said, "I have some silver, I will give you change," intending to speak to Mrs. Deer—the prisoner produced the half-sovereign, and I gave him four half-crowns—I looked al the half-sovereign, and asked Mrs. Deer if she thought it was good—she said, she thought it was—I had no other half-sovereign in my possession it that time—Mrs. Deer then put it into her till, as I intended to buy a pair of shoes of her, but I found none to suit me, and so she returned me the half-sovereign—just about this time Mr. Deer came in—the half-sovereign was shown to him, and he said it was a gilt sixpence, and asked if I should know the man again—I said, "I should—Mr. Deer took care of the half-sovereign—I went with him in search of the prisoner to the Buffalo's head—I had given a description of the person before I got there—I found him there getting change in payment for a glass of ale—I said, "You have given me a bad half-sovereign—he said he never saw me with his eyes before—the Buffalo is about five minutes walk from Mr. Deer's—this was about twenty minutes or half an hour after—I said, "You purchased a bottle of blacking, and I gave you four half-crowns"—he said, "You must be mad, or something else"—a policeman was there and took him—I think only two half-crowns were found on him—I had noticed he had the remains of a black eye, as if it had been bad, and was going off, and I noticed a broad mourning ring on his hand—I mentioned those circumstances to Mr. Deer before I got to the Buffalo.

Prisoner. Q. When you told the Magistrate that the gentleman had very shabby shoes, did not I take off my shoes, and show that they were quite new, and then you said they were very dirty? A. They were covered with mud and dirt, which made them appear very shabby.

COURT. Q. Was the man at the Buffalo dressed like the man at the shop? A. Yes—there was no alteration—I am certain he is the man—speak to him from the black eye, the ring, the watch-chain, the shabby shoes, and his face—I am quite sure he is the man.





DOROTHY DEER
. I am the wife of John Deer, a boot and shoe maker, in Nelson-street, Greenwich. On the 21st of September, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in the shop with Penniall—the prisoner was there, and asked for a bottle of blacking—I have heard Penniall's evidence—it is quite correct—the prisoner is the man—Penniall gave me the half-sovereign—I looked at it and put it into the till—I had no other there—I am quite sure I gave her back the same.

Prisoner. Q. Did you state before the Magistrate that you placed the half-sovereign along with other gold? A. No.
(The witness deposition being read, at the prisoner desire contained the following statement.—"When I put the money into he till, there, was no other half-sovereign in it."






JOHN RANDALL DEER
. I remember coming home, and finding Penniall in my shop—a piece of coin was shown to me—I examined it, and saw it was a gilt sixpence—I gave it to my wife, and she gave it to me again after going to a neighbour with it—I delivered it to Sherwood the policeman—Penniall gave me a description of the man, and mentioned particular circumstances about him—I was present when he was taken at the Buffalo's

head—the appearances she mentioned corresponded in all respects—I did not notice his black eye—he had a mourning ring on his hand, and a chain on his waistcoat—his shoes were dusty, which gave them a shabby appearance.





RICHARD SHERWOOD
. I am a policeman. On the 21st of September I met Mr. Deer and Penniall, and went with them to the Buffalo's Head and saw the prisoner—he had a guard-chain round his neck, a mourning ring on his finger, and spectacles in his pocket—his shoes were very dirty and he had a mark under his eye, as if he had had a black eye—I received from Mr. Deer a piece of coin, which I have marked—I searched the prisoner, but found no other bad money on him—I found one half-crown on him.





JOHN TUBMAN
. I am a hat-manufacturer, and live in South-street, Greenwich, about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Deer's shop. On Thursday evening, the 21st of September, the prisoner came into the Coach and Horses in the Market-place, which is about twenty yards from Mr. Deer's—it was about twenty minutes to eight o'clock—he came in with a pair of blue steel spectacles on, and asked the landlady to oblige him with a sovereign for silver—I saw her give him a sovereign, and she took up the silver—there were two half-crowns—I am perfectly satisfied he is the person.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. The coin first produced is a gilt sixpence—it has been altered as the sixpences of that coinage have the garter surrounding the shield—a certain portion of that has been erased, leaving the bottom, which to a certain extent resembles the rose and shamrock on the half-sovereigns—the other one is also a gilt sixpence, but of a different coinage—the obverse side of that is the same as a half-sovereign exactly—the other side is quite different to a half-sovereign—this coinage was called in in consequence of being so much like a sixpence.

Prisoner's Defence. I am rather awkwardly situated—if I had not an hour to live, I am not the man who committed either of the offences—I was not in the shops of any of the witnesses in Greenwich—Mrs. Dunford has not been examined, and I wished to ask her some questions.





MARGARET DUNFORD
. I live in Church-street, Greenwich. My house is between Deer's and the Buffalo's Head—the prisoner came into my shop that evening with another person, and dealt with me for two pain of straps—he gave me a sovereign.

Prisoner. Q. When you first came into the Magistrate's office, and he told you to look at me, did not you say you should not like to swear to me? A. I did say so—I said I wished you to have your hat on, and then I should know you better—I am rather particular, and I had never seen him without his hat—I wished him to put it on to be more exact, and I then knew him to be the person.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not request to have a private communication with the Magistrate, and did you not point out a gentleman, a pawnbroker, one of the richest men in Greenwich, as my companion? A. I looked at the gentleman who was in the office, and I thought he very much resembled the person of the other man, and I asked the Magistrate if I could speak to him—he said, "If it concerns the offence, speak out," and I said. "Does any one know this gentleman?"—the Magistrate said, "Yes, I do;" and I then said, "I am quite wrong then;" but Mr. Powel was present, and said he could bear me out, for the man who was not in custody

was very much like the gentleman—my husband has two shops, one a broker's and the other a clothier's—I had seen the prisoner at my shop—he gave me a shilling—that was about eight o'clock, as near as can be—I should think my shop is not a hundred yards from either the Buffalo or the Coach and Horses—it is rather between them, and not a great way from Ailing or Deer's—it is all in the neighbourhood.




GUILTY
.* Aged 26.—


Transported for Life.
