



2229. 




HENRY (alias
 Noel

WILKINSON
 was indicted for

stealing on the 
10th of July, 1 portmanteau, value 10s.; 1 trunk, value, 1l.; 7 pairs of trowsers, value 5l.; 2 waistcoats, value 14s.; and 2 flannel shirts, value 3s.; the goods of 




James Hay.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES HAY
, I was captain's cook of the Java East Indiaman. On the 19th or 20th of July, we dropped anchor at Gravesend, and a person of the name of Phillips came on board—I had not known him before—he was known to the captain's-steward and the ship-steward—it was agreed that I should lodge with Phillips, at No. 8, Coal Harbour, Blackwall—I had a trunk and portmanteau—Phillips said he was going on shore that night; he might as well take my boxes—he employed Wilkinson to take them—I saw them in the boat when they were taken—on the 21st of July I went to Phillips's to lodge—I did not find my boxes, and Phillips was not at home—Phillips afterwards went to get the boxes from Barking, as he said—he did not take me to see the prisoner—I think I saw the prisoner two days after, in his own house, which was pointed out to me by Mr. York, a butcher in Poplar—I went and saw him—he said the boxes were in the hands of some other persons, and I was to meet him on the following day, which would be Monday—he did not mention how we were to get the boxes back at that time—on Monday I met him close by the East India Dock gates—Mr. York was with me then—no one of the name of Crabb was with me—the prisoner demanded the sum of 10l. from me before the boxes could be given—Phillips was not present—I said I should not pay any such sum, and Mr. York stepped up, and said he would not allow me to be imposed upon—he came down to 7l. 10s. after that—I did not pay it. I said, as I wanted to go to Scotland, my own country, and wished to have no trouble, I would pay 5l. to have my boxes and every thing safe—he took me to the house of a man of the name of Nunn, in High-street, Poplar—I did not see Nunn—the prisoner went back with me to the East India Dock gates, and I spoke to Crabb, the carman, to get them—I had not heard where they were—the prisoner said the boxes were lying at a place called the Salmon and Ball, Bethnal-green-road—I went there with Crabb and the prisoner—we found Nunn there—some conversation took place between Nunn and Crabb—Nunn said he would have the money before he brought the boxes, or he would not fetch them—I had not been told where the boxes were—Crabb paid him with money that I gave him—the

prisoner was there—I paid 5l. to Nunn—the prisoner and Nunn then went away together, and came back with the boxes in the course of half an hour—I observed to Mr. Crabb that my boxes had been broken open, immediately as I said that the parties were out of sight—they went away directly—when I got home I looked at the boxes, and missed six pairs of cantoon trowsers, one pair of black kerseymere trowsers, two waistcoats, two flannel shirts, and several other articles—they were all in the boxes at the time the boxes left the ship—I did not see the prisoner again till I came back from Scotland, which was sixteen days after—I then told him that he had taken the property out of my boxes that was missing, and he offered to pay for it—he asked me to state a sum that I would take—I said I would not state any sum, as I thought it was wrong to take any money of him for them—Mr. York was present at this conversation—when I said it was wrong to take any money, he turned on his heel and went away—I do not recollect that I saw him again till he was taken up.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You gave Mr. Phillips authority to take these boxes away? A. Yes, to his own house; Wilkinson was the man in the boat in which the boxes were put—he was employed by Phillips, and went in the boat along with them—I went to Phillips's house to lodge—I did not have Mr. Phillips taken into custody—he was committed at the Thames Police, but the bill against Phillips was thrown out—Nunn lived in High-street, Poplar—I was taken there by Wilkinson—I saw nothing of any boxes after Phillips had put them into the boat, till I saw them produced by Nunn at the Salmon and Ball—nothing was in them besides trowsers and wearing apparel—no cigars—I had none for sale—there might be thirty or forty—there was nothing in these boxes that I wanted to get smuggled on shore to avoid the Custom-house officers—the officers were on board at the time—they were taken out between eight and nine o'clock—not later—I did not take an opportunity of getting them on shore when the officers were not there—they were on the forecastle—I did not see any other men in the boat—I saw Wilkinson before I went to Scotland, and found him when I came back.





THOMAS YORK
. I am a butcher at Poplar. I felt it my duty to see what I could do to get this man's boxes back, without fee or reward—I saw the prisoner Wilkinson on the subject, I think it was on the Monday—the prosecutor has given a true account of what the prisoner said—10l. was demanded, and I think it sank to 7l. 10s.; and finally, the prosecutor said, rather than have any bother, he would give 5l., because he wished to get his property, and go to Scotland to see his children—(there were two meetings on one day, because I was obliged to get a policeman, and the prisoner ran away)—I did not go to the Salmon and Ball—all I saw was on the Monday—I re member the prisoner being apprehended—I was present—I saw him before that, and said it was a very bad thing to break the man's trunks open—I said, Cannot you produce the property you have taken out of the man's trunks?"—he said he did not think he could, but he could produce 5l., if I would take it, and give him an undertaking, so that it should be settled—I said I would do no such thing, and he might let it be till Mr. Hay came from Scotland—I saw him again before Mr. Hay returned, and desired him again to endeavour to get the property, or it would be worse for him—he said he thought it was impossible, and wished me to go with him to Barking—I said I would do no such thing—he said he could not possibly Produce the things—I threatened him with an officer when Mr. Hay was

with me—he said it was nothing to me, and I had no business with it—I said I would see what I could do—I went to the station, and brought an officer, and then he ran away—when Mr. Hay came from Scotland he came to me, and I saw the prisoner at Black wall-stairs—I called him to me and said, "Mr. Hay is up stairs, you had better come and speak with him"—he came up stairs at the King's Arms Tavern, and Mr. Hay and he had some words about the property—he talked about giving 2l. or 3l.—the prosecutor said, "I want, no 2l. or 3l., let me have the property, or I will prosecute you"—he begged him to let it be till Saturday evening, and he said he would see what he could do—on Saturday evening he met him again, I was with him, and some gentleman was introduced, I think of the name of Richard—I said, "Who is this gentleman?"—he said, "It is a friend of mine, come to settle it"—I said to Mr. Hay," It is no use your quibbling with this man; have nothing but your property, or go to the station"—I took him by the arm, and took him away; and this person came and pulled Mr. Hay by the arm, and requested him to name a sum.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw Wilkinson several times? A. Two or three times—he gave himself into custody afterward, and was very anxious that the man should take some money for the property that was lost.





JOHN CRABB
. I am a carman. I was employed by the prosecutor to go and get his boxes—I went to Nunn's, and then to the Salmon and Ball Inn—I saw the prisoner—he said, "If you will come with me you shall have the boxes, as you have got the money"—I gave the money to Nunn, and they went off together to get the boxes—when they came back Mr. Hay said they had broken open his boxes—he said he should see them on a future day, and they went one way and one another—they did not go away in haste—I paid the 5l.

MR. PAYNE to JAMES HAY. Q. What were the things missing out of your boxes? A. Seven pairs of trowsers, two waistcoats, two flannel shirts, and other articles that I could not exactly mention, one cravat, the same as I have now round my neck—I had seen them not quite an hour before they went out of the ship.





WILLIAM JONES
. I live at Barking. I saw the prisoner bring the things to my house about eleven o'clock at night—I was at home when they were fetched away—a strange man came to my house for them—I asked where Wilkinson was—he said he was tipsy in the cart, and I heard somebody speak in the cart, and I gave them up—they were all right, just the same as they came into the house.





SARAH JONES
. I saw the prisoner bring the boxes—I do not know who came for them—there were two men—I only saw one, the other one stood at the gate—I was in doors—I knew the prisoner before—he was one that brought the boxes, but he was not there that I know of when they were taken away.

Cross-examined. Q. Neither of the persons that you saw was the prisoner at the bar? A. No, they said he was tipsy in the cart.





JAMES WHITE
 (police-sergeant K 13.) I saw Wilkinson when he was brought in custody on Tuesday night, the 5th of September—I was there when the conversation was going on with the Inspector and him—he said he rowed ashore at Barking, in consequence of there being some smuggled goods, and went down alter them the day following, and he returned them—the Inspector said, "You had better not say any thing more, or perhaps it may be used against you"—Mr. Hay not being present

he was allowed to go till the next day at twelve o'clock, when he came, and was charged—in going to the police-office he suddenly turned round and said, "Mr. Hay and I have made it up, provided I return him all the property"—I said, "The case must go before the Magistrate. "

Cross-examined. Q. He was allowed to go, on condition of his coming again the next day, and he did come? A. Yes.





JAMES PHILLIPS. I
 have been in custody for this offence, and the Grand Jury threw out the bill—these boxes were put into Wilkinson's boat, and taken to Barking Creek—I did not get the goods back—I never saw them since—when I saw them last they were quite safe, about eleven o'clock when they went on shore—I went to Barking for them the third day, bnt they were gone.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you acquainted with the stewards of the ship Java? A. Yes—I sailed a voyage with them—I live at No. 8, Coal harbour, Black wall.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
