





1485. 
               
                  MARTHA 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 9 sovereigns, and 8 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Clark
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS CLARK. I am a waterman
, and live at New Brentford. On the night of the 1st of March I was at the White Swan, Shadwell


; the prisoner was there when I went in - I walked with her from there to Shadwell-dock stairs


; she did not do any thing to me that night, that I am aware of, but I was intoxicated - I missed my money in the morning, between four and five o'clock - she saw me take a half-sovereign out of my purse, which I changed to treat her and another; I put the silver into my purse with the gold, and put it into my pocket again; I cannot say what I paid.
Prisoner. Several more men and women were in his company. Witness. Yes, but she was the only one with me after I left the Swan; she wanted me to go home with her - I said I would not, I should be safe in my own barge.
CHARLES EDGE. I am a Police-constable. On the 2nd of June I went with the prosecutor in search of the prisoner - we found her in a house in Gravel-lane; he asked what she had done with his money - she said she had not got it, and knew nothing about it; I said she must get up, and as soon as she sat up in bed I turned the bolster up, and saw a pocket; she said directly, "Don't touch my pocket - I know how much I took;" I found in the pocket four sovereigns, one half-sovereign, two half-crowns, three shillings, three pence, and ten halfpence; while she was getting up another person came into the room, and gave me a sovereign and a half, saying that the prisoner had put it into a cupboard up-stairs - she heard that, but made no answer; I asked her, in New Gravel-lane, what she had done with the purse and key - she said she had not seen them; I said, "Do you mean to say the money was loose in his pocket?" she said Yes, it was, and that she did not know how much she had taken, as she was intoxicated.
Prisoner. He asked what I did with the other three sovereigns - I said I did not think I had more, or I should have put it as safe as that.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
