



808. 




JAMES RIDGWAY
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, of an evil-disposed person, on the 
20th of January, 100lbs. weight of silk, value 140l., the goods of 



Edward Fellowes; well knowing it to have been stolen.


MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS
and
MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the prosecution.






WILLIAM FISHER
. (The first part of this witness evidence in the former case, relating to the state of the premises on the night of the robbery, &c., was read to him which he confirmed)

Q. Did you go on Sunday, the 28th of January, to No. 3, Foster-lane? A. I did and there saw a truss of silk—Herdsfield showed it to me—I examined it—there was about 48lbs.—it was part of what had been stoles—it was Italian tram silk—on the following Tuesday, the 30th of January, I set off for Macclesfield and went with Stock win, and officer, to the house of one Hooley; and in consequence of what I heard there, I went to Pick-ford's ware house at Macclesfield and there found another truss of silk, containing rather better than 50lbs. of Italian tram—that formed part of the quantity stolen on the 15th of January—the two parcels together were

rather better than 100lbs.—I saw the mode in which the parcels of silk were put together—the original cords had been taken off, and others used in their place—they were in larger bundles than the last, and not quite so square.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What day was the prisoner taken into custody? A. On Saturday, the 27th of January, and on the 30th I went to Macclesfield, and took Hooley into custody, and brought him to town—he attended at the Mansion-house—I believe he was in custody when he went there, but I did not see him go there—the Macclesfield officer brought him to town, and took him to the Compter.

Q. Did not you see him attended by Counsel at the Mansion-house, at a prisoner? A. No, he was not a prisoner, that I know of—I saw two persons, named Sherman, in custody for this offence—I believe I remained all the while at the office—I do not know whether the Shermans were examined as witnesses—it was a man and his son—the boy was not a witless—I do not recollect seeing the boy sworn that day, nor on any day—I do not believe the father was present when the boy was—I saw him afterwards.





THOMAS THEOBALDS
. I am a City Marshal. On the 27th of February I went to make a search at Bailey's house, at No. 57, Grey Eagle-street—it was about six o'clock in the evening—the prisoner came in there, and he spoke to a female, and asked to see Bailey.

Q. Did you hear his name mentioned? A. The woman mentioned his name—she said, "Ridgway, here is a pretty mess"—I asked him if he bad seen Bailey that day—he said he had not—I asked him if he had any dealings in silk with Bailey—he said he had not—I think I asked him if he had any silk to dispose of, and he also said he had not—I asked him for his address—he said, in Grantham-place—I asked tint some time after where Grantham-place was—at last he said it was at Hoxton, and he also gave me his own address, "No. 3, Foster-lane"—I asked him if he had any place of business there—he said he had not—I asked him if he had any drawers, or counters, or any place there—he said no, he had not, he was merely an agent for Mr. Mills and Mr. Henwood.

Q. Do you know who occupies the house in Foster-lane? A. It is let out in counting-houses—Mr. Hen wood has got a warehouse there—he was speaking of that Mr. Henwood—I did not tell him he was my prisoner till after this conversation took place—I then told him he must be my prisoner—he said he was respectably known to Mr. Peanall and to Mr. Ram—while I was taking him down to the station-house in Spitalfields, he asked me whether it was any thing relative to Mr. Fellowes's robbery—I made no reply—I did not satisfy him on that point—on the following morning I went to No. 3, Foster-lane, with Herdsfield, and saw Mr. Henwood there—on my saying I had Ridgway's keys, he showed me the beck attic at the top of the house—he opened it—I do not think it was locked—it was not furnished—it was merely fitted up with a scale and a kind of counter and board to put the weights on—there were no drawers—it was merely supported by a trestle—they were very large scales, and weights corresponding—such scales as would weigh a pretty bulky quantity—there were eleven parcels of sewing-silks, and some other silk on the ground, which I brought away—that was a truss of silk with a card attached to it—it had been opened and sewn up—(looking at it)—this is the card—it was sewn on the canvas, and was in this state when I took it off—I sent Herdsfield for

Fisher, and when he came he took out part of the silk and identified it—I gave the truss to Herdsfield, and he brought it away—the house is near the church in Foster-lane, very near Cheapside—the name of Ridgway was on the door-post next the street.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not Grantham-terrace he said he lived at? A. Yes—I found that correct—I went to No. 3, Foster-lane, on the 28th—at that time the prisoner was in custody—this robbery had made considerable noise in the City—particularly among the silk people—large placards were posted all over the walls, offering £200 reward, from the 16th—it was perfectly notorious, from the 16th, that this robbery had been committed—I was at the Mansion-house when this case was gone into—I remember the two Shermans, father and son, being in charge—they were afterwards examined as witnesses, and kept in custody to give evidence—they are in custody now.

MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. Were they examined against the prisoner, or against others? A. Against others.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were there any others in custody? A. No—when they were examined, there was nobody in custody but Ridgway and Bailey.

MR. SERGEANT ANDREWS. Q. Were they examined in reference to any one person in particular? A. No—they were examined touching the robbery generally—Ridgway had not been committed then.





THOMAS HERDSFIELD
. I have some silk, which I found at No. 3, Foster-lane—this was the bale of silk which I showed to Fisher.





WILLIAM HENWOOD
. I am a warehouseman, and live at No. 3, Foster-lane. I let the top back-room of my house to the prisoner—it is three stories high—he had had it not quite three months when he was apprehended—I never employed him in business—not as an agent, nor in any way—he came to the apartment every day—he did not sleep there—I remember the Sunday when Mr. Theobalds and Herdsfield came—the room I showed them was the apartment used by Ridgway—this appears to me to be the truss of silk found there.

Cross-examined. Q. When the prisoner left in the evening, who did he leave the key with? A. He generally left it with me—he either locked it himself, or left it unlocked—nobody could go into it after he left without our knowledge—I could go in of course.

Q. Could not anybody else, who had a warehouse in the same house, go in? A. Not without somebody knowing it—only myself and Mr. Mills have warehouses there—he never left the key with Mr. Mills—he frequently left it with me—I did not do business in his room myself—I never deposited any goods there—I have a warehouse of my own on the second floor.





EDWARD APSLEY STOCKWIN
. I am an officer of the Macclesfield police. On the 1st of February I went to the house of the witness Hooley there, and in consequence of what he said to me, I went to Pick-ford's warehouse, and there found a truss of silk, which I produce—it has been opened since I found it—when I found it, there was a direction on it which I took off, and produce—it is "Mr. Jas. Ridgway, to be left till called for"—I took Hooley into custody before I found the bale, when I first went to his house—I brought him up to town in custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Hooley was kept in custody a considerable time, I believe? A. He was—I took him to the Mansion-house in custody,

and he was attended there by counsel—I took him there as a prisoner, and after that he was examined as a witness.





ABRAHAM HOOLEY
. I live at Macclesfield. I have known the prisoner ever since he was a boy—I was in London in October last, and saw him then—I am a dealer in silk, and silk-waste, and I also follow the business of a tailor.

Q. What passed between you and Ridgway, in October, about purchasing any thing? A. He said he had met with a friend who had advanced him a considerable sum of money, and he should have silk to sell at times, such as he could not use—that he was commencing manufacturing, and should have silk which he could not use—I told him I should have no objection to take any thing that would do for me—I afterwards saw him in Macclesfield.

Q. In January this year, did you receive any thing from him? A. Yes—on the 18th of January, a bundle of China and Italian silk came to me by the Defiance coach—I received a letter on the 25th—this is it—(looking at one)—I believe it is the prisoner's handwriting—I have seen him write a little—after six o'clock that evening the package was delivered by the porter from the coach-office—when I opened it, I found it contained Italian tram—I did not weigh it—I suppose it to be the weight stated in the letter, 48lbs.—I consider it about that quantity—I only examined it superficially—I then packed it up, and re-directed it, and sent it back about an hour and a-half or so after I got it—I sent it back by the Defiance coach, which it came by—I believe this is the direction, and the card I put on it when I returned it—(looking at it)—I sent a note inside the parcel, addressed to Mr. Ridgway—that letter did not explain why I sent it back—on the 30th another parcel came to me, corresponding nearly in size with the other—it was packed in canvas, like the other, and addressed to me—I do not know the handwriting of the direction—I just merely opened the head of it—it was silk—I thought it was the same as I had returned come back again, and I sent it to Pickford's van-office the same hour—I carried it to the office, which is very near my house; and supposing it came from Ridgway, I just merely wrote on it, "Mr. Ridgway, till called for"—this is the paper I wrote—(looking at it)—I sent it for the purpose of being at Pickford's when inquiry was made for it.

Q. After this, did you hear something about this from Stockwin's application to you? A. Yes—the bundles were brought to town, and I was brought with them, by Stockwin—I was examined at the Mansion House as a witness—I arrived in London on, the Saturday evening, and was detained till Monday, at noon—I was released on Monday.

Cross-examined. Q. After being admitted as a witness, you were allowed to leave town? A. Yes—I was first a prisoner on this charge—it was on the 30th I received the package which I thought was the same I had sent back—the first was on the 25th—I sent that back the same day—Maccles-field is 167 miles from town—I believe the card to be the direction I sent, but I am not sure of it—I am a dealer in silk and silk-waste, and also a tailor—I did not forget that when I said I was a dealer in silk and silk-waste—I had no motive for not naming it.

Q. Pray, Mr. Hooley, have you given us all your trades? A. Yes—all that I am now, not all that I have been—I was a little in the cotton-waste, and I had a little manufacturing of silk, and I had a dyeing concern—nothing else—I was never a silk-weaver nor a trowster—I have been a

class-leader among the Wcsleyans—I was never suspended for six months by them—I was never suspended at all—I understand the question—this was the first time I was ever taken into custody on any occasion—I was never taken into custody, except on this occasion—I mean to swear that—nor was I ever suspended—I believe I have given you all my trades—I am quite sure of it—I swear I never was any trade except those I have mentioned—I was in partnership in the dyeing trade, with one Pyett, four or five years ago—I have not left the tailoring—I do not keep a tailor's shop—I carry on the business in my own house—I have a shop behind, out of sight of the street—I have a room which I put the silk-waste in, and the tailoring likewise—I have men under me.

Q. Is anybody here to whom you gave the parcel directed to Mr. Ridgeway till called for? A. No—I have been to Macclesfield since I was examined—I expected I should have had a letter or something from Ridgway, and that was my reason for sending the parcel to Pickford's, to be kept till called for.





JOHN BRAY
. I am porter at the Swan with Two Necks in Lad-lane I know No. 3, Foster-lane—it is in my district for the delivery of parcels—I have driven my horse and cart up to the door with parcels for the prisoner—I recollect taking one there on the 27th of January—Mr. Ridgeway's goods generally came by the Defiance coach—I do not know whether that package did so—I believe that package was taken into the house by James Smith, the man who goes with the cart—I should know the direction again—(looking at it)—to the best of my knowledge that is the direction, by the pencil mark on it—the package was a similar one to the one produced—the lad brought the ticket down signed for me, to call again for the money.





JAMES SMITH
. I go with the cart driven by Bray, to deliver parcels—I remember taking a package to Foster-lan"—I do not recollect whether is was on Saturday—I did not get the money for it—I was to call again—the package was delivered at Ridgway's, No. 3, Foster-lane—I carried it myself up two pairs of stairs—not to the top of the house—the ticket was signed and given back to me, and I gave it to Bray—this is something like the bale I took—(looking at the one produced)—I cannot tell whether it is the same.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you remember the day of the month that you took the parcel? A. No.

MR. CHAMBERS
to
JOHN BRAY. Q. What time in the morning of the 27th did you deliver the parcel? A. As near as I can guess, about half-past ten o'clock.





EDWARD FELLOWES
. I am the owner of the silk lost I have examined the two parcels of silk, the one from Pickford's and the other from Foster-lane—I have no doubt they are part of the silk which was stolen from me.





JOHN STEWART
. I am a clerk in the London and Westminster Bank One Ridgway kept an account there—I do not know the prisoner personify—I do not remember that I ever saw him.

Q. Is that letter (the one received by Hooley) the handwriting of your customer, Ridgway? A. I have paid cheques with the same signature this, but I never saw the prisoner about them.





WILLIAM HENWOOD

re-examined. I know the prisoner's handwriting—this letter appears like his handwriting—I have seen his writing once or

twice—it looks like his—I have seen his handwriting before—It appears to be his—I cannot say further.

COURT. Q. Have you any belief on the subject—have you seen him write? A. I have seen his writing, but I have not seen him write—I have not corresponded with him.

Q. How have you seen his writing? A. I have received from the hands of some person a letter from Mr. Ridgway, and the writing was so bad, I cannot say positively whether it is the same—I have not seen enough of his handwriting to enable me to form a judgment about it—he has told me he kept his money at the London and Westminster Bank—I have had one or two cheques of his—I think I have received one from him—he has not told me at what branch of the bank he keeps his cash.





JAMES STEWART

re-examined. We have only one Ridgway banking with us in Throgmorton-street, his name is James—we have five, branches in town, and I cannot tell whether he kept cash at any branch—(The letter was here put in and read,)
"To Mr. A. Hooley, Park-green, Macclesfield.—Dear Sir, I now send you, as under, by Defiance coach, and shall have about 400lbs. of tram and organzine; the parties I have it from are about making a stop; but I have given a large price for it, as you will see; but it is all a regular lot. The price I have given for the tram is 25s. I ought to have 25s. 6d. for it. If if you can allow me any more do; it will want making up again. I shall send you about 100 more to-morrow night. Please let me have the cash np by return of post, directed for me—I want it for Saturday morning. Your answer will oblige.





JAMES RIDGWAY."


"London, 24th January, 1838.—Mr. Hooky bought of James Ridgway 48 Italian tram, at 25s. 6d.—61l. 4s.—Settled. "JAMES RIDGWAT."


MR. FELLOWES
re-examined. The silk produced is Italian tram—the bands have been changed—it is not now packed in a regular manner.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Common Serjeant.

