





1727. 




SARAH MARTIN,



 MARY MILLS
, and 




ELIZABETH JONES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of August 10 combs, vallue 5s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 6d.; 1 snuff-box value 1s.; 2 spoons, value 3d.; and 1 pencil-case, value 2d.; the goods of 



John White and others: and that Jones had been before convicted of felony.






MARCUS HARRIS
. I keep a general shop Barbican, John White and Edward Somers are my partners—on the 5th of August, the three prisoners came to my shop, and asked me for different articles; one stood by the window, one at the further end of the shop, another in the middle—Mills asked me for a pencil—while I was serving them, two policemen came in, and asked if I had lost any thing—Martin directly put her hand into her bosom, and pulled a snuff-box out, which was mine—I had not sold it her—directly the policemen came in, all three of them got together, and the combs and spoons fell—I believe these combs are mine—Martin was nearest to where they fell; they were all three together—I had missed such combs, they are the same manufacture—I had not sold any such as these to them—I had such spoons as these to sell—I had not missed any—I found them on the ground.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did you say you were in partnership with Mr. White? A. Yes—I am sixteen years old—Mr. White is a grown man—I had not known Mills before—I had seen the others—I had no job to do for known Mills before—I had seen the others asked for, an she paid for it—when the combs dropped, they all stood quite close together—Martin stood at one end—I found the combs right under her.





WILLIAM DARBY
. (City police-sergeant No. 9.) I went into the shop, and laid hold of Martin—these combs dropped from under her shawl—I did not see the prisoners go into the shop.





EDWARD M'DONALD
 (City police-sergeant No. 28.) I went into the shop and heard the things drop—Martin pulied this snuff-box out of her bosom, and threw it in the window—the other things were taken up near to Mills—we took her to the watch-house, and found these ear-rings on her.





PETER FLANAGAN
 (police-constable No. 183.) I produce a certificate of the conviction of Jones, by the name of Mackinlay—I know her to be the same person (read.)

Martin's Defence. I went and bought some articles—I asked the price of the ear-rings—he said eightpence, but as they were bent I might have them for sixpence—Mills asked the price of combs—he said he had not

any, but his brother was out, and perhaps he might bring some in—while we were waiting, the policemen came in—I was looking at this snuff-box, and he swore I took it out of my bosom.

Mills Defence. I went in to buy a pencil-case.

Jones's Defence I know nothing about it.
M. HARRIS
re-examined. Q. Had you sold any ear-rings to that girl? No: I do not know whether she looked at any, and priced them—I had seen her before—eight pence was the price of the rings—this one bulges out a little—I did not sell it for sixpence.

MARTIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

MILLS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.
