






540. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     REYNOLDS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, 46 yards of flannel, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  ; and that Taylor had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JOHN 
                  KAIN
               



            . I am a plumber. On the 28th of January; about half-past five o'clock, I was near the house of Mr. Brown, a linen-draper


; I saw the two prisoners lurking about the side window - I stood about a quarter of an hour; I then saw a Policeman cross the road - I told him; we stood and watched, and saw Taylor go about two yards into the shop, take the roll of flannel, and run off - he was pursued and dropped it; the officer took him - Reynolds ran off at the same time, but was taken afterwards.
Taylor. Q. Did you not say then that I dropped it, but Reynolds took it? A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  GEORGE
               



             (Police-constable K 267). I was passing the shop - I watched and saw Taylor go into the shop and snatch up the flannel; he ran down South Conduit-street, and dropped it - I took him there, and Reynolds on the Sunday afterwards.


                  HENRY 
                  THOMAS DALLEY
               



             (Police-constable K 23.) I was passing the shop, and saw the two prisoners standing near it - I went down White-street, and on returning, I heard of the robbery; I knew Reynolds - we went on Sunday morning, and found him in bed with a female; she made great resistance, but he said "It is of no use, Emma, I know what he wants me for, and I must go" -he said in going along, "I was persuaded to be in it, by Taylor, who asked me to take a walk with him."


                  THOMAS 
                  MORFORD
               



             (Police-constable K 83). I produce a certificate of the conviction of Taylor, which I got at Mr. Clark's office - I know he is the person.


                  JAMES 
                  TARRATT HILL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. John Brown - this is his flannel.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
REYNOLDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
