





400. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, 3 sovereigns, and 1 promissory note for 5l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Turner
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN TURNER. I live at Worthing, and when in London. I lodge in the Kent-road. On the night of the 18th of December I was in a street, in a line with Shoreditch


 church, but some distance from it; the prisoner, and another woman came up to me - I continued walking on; they continued with me a short time, and then left me: when they were gone I walked a short distance, and then put my hand to my watch-fob, and missed from there, three sovereigns and a 5l. Brighton note - I know they had been safe a few minutes before the prisoner came up to me; I found a Policeman coming after me, and went with him to the station; I saw the prisoner and two others - I pointed out the prisoner, as the one who was most conspicuous in accosting me, and importuning me; I saw a 5l. Brighton note in a mutilated state - the one I had was not so; I was not sober.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say you could not swear I was the female, because you were surrounded by two or three? A. I said I could not swear you robbed me, but you were the one who made yourself most troublesome, and you accosted me first.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             (Police-constable H 91). I was on duty in Shoreditch, early in the morning of the 19th of December; I saw the prisoner in company with the prosecutor - she was the only female with him at that time; she then left him: I saw her tearing a bit of paper, and throwing it away - she put her hand to her mouth; I followed her, she then ran: I pursued - when I came up with her, she produced three sovereigns, and begged me to take them and keep them, and say nothing about the robbery; I took the three sovereigns to the station, and left her in custody - I then went down the street, to where I had seen her throw something away, and found these two pieces of a 5l. Brighton note; one piece is lost - I then took the prosecutor to the station; he recognized her as one of the parties who had been about him.
Prisoner's Defence. I found the prosecutor very much in liquor - he was surrounded by two or three females; I saw the piece of paper at his feet: I took it up, and took the sovereigns out of it - I cannot read, and I threw the paper away; when the officer took me, I said I had three sovereigns, which I had just picked up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
