






Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1417. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BAXTER
               




             and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  STEWART
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of July
, 96 yards of Moreen, value 4l. 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Fawcett
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Stephen Fawcett. He keeps a carpet shop
, on Islington-green


 - on the 4th of July, the officer came in about six o'clock, and asked if we missed any thing - I looked, and missed four pieces of moreen from the side of the door - I went to the stationhouse, and identified them.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS KING
               



             (police-constable N 248). On the 4th of July I was sitting at my window on Islington-green - I saw the two prisoners and another cross the green, to Mr. Fawcett's shop - I knew them, and watched them - Stewart stood against the prosecutor's door, and Baxter walked backwards and forwards twice - he then took two pieces of moreen and gave them to Stewart - the other man then took two pieces and gave them to Stewart - I ran down and took Stewart with the four pieces on his shoulder - I asked him what he was going to do with them - he said, what was that to me - I said it was to me, he must go to the station-house - I seized Baxter - Stewart then threw down these pieces, and tried to get away - I got assistance, and he was secured.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. How far was Stewart from the shop door when the property was taken? A. The distance of the window; two or three yards.
EDWARD SMITH. This is my master's property - it has our mark on it.
Baxter's Defence. I was merely passing when this man was taken - I never saw him before.
Stewart's Defence. I was passing the green, and a man asked me to carry these.
BAXTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
STEWART - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
