





582. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BURT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 2 coats, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Comfort
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 coat, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Shephard
                        



.


                  JANE 
                  NETTLESHIP
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Comfort
               



            , of Stonefield-street, Islington


. On the 5th of February, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was called up from the kitchen by my mistress - in running through the passage I missed some coats; when I got out, I saw a person at the corner of Stonefield-street, walking with a coat on his arm; he was like the prisoner in size, but I could not see his face - there was a man pursuing him; I returned; the prisoner and these coats were brought back - these two are my master's, and this other is Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Shephard
               



            's, my mistress's father - his coat is worth 5l., and my master's 2l.; they hung in the passage, and the door was open.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILLS
               



            . I live in West-place, Chapel-street. I was delivering coke at the house that day; I heard the alarm - I ran out, and saw the prisoner turning the corner; I stopped him with the coats on his arm, and brought him back.
Prisoner. I had not the coats on my arm; I saw a man come running round the corner with them, and he asked a man whether I saw any body turn the corner with them. Witness. I did not; the prisoner had them on his arm till I came up to him, and then he dropped them - there was no other man there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
