




1383. 



BENJAMIN HALL
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
15th, of March, 12 knives, value 6s.; and 12 forks, value 4s.; the goods of 



John Sewell and another, his employers: and




ANN HALL



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






JOHN SEWELL
. I live in Fore-street, City, and am a jeweller. Benjamin Hall was my errand-boy for two or three years—he slept at his mother's—in consequence of some circumstances I went to her house with the officer, and found a great deal of my property—these knives and forks were at the pawnbroker's—the mother had not an opportunity of coming to my house and of taking these articles—I did not say a word to the boy about these knives and forks—these are them—they are new, and are mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYYNE. Q. How do you know them; is there any private mark on them? A. No, I know them by seeing them on my shelves many times, and from their being a pecullar pattern—I cannot say when I last saw them.

COURT. Q. Are your knives wrapped up in this way, in such papers as these? A. Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Was there any appearance of poverty in the mother's lodging? A. I should say a great deal, though there were many things about the room that did not belong to them—the mantle shelf and table were full of China ornaments—up to this time the boy conducted himself pretty well.

COURT. Q. What did the woman say? A. That she had been very unhappy and miserable about them, and that she had warned her son not to

bring these things, and was several times coming to tell me—I said it was a pity she did not do so.





WILLIAM BOLTWOOD
. I am assistant to Mr. Cotton, a pawnbroker, in Shoreditch. I produce these knives, which I took in on the 15th of March of the female prisoner, in the name of Ann Hall.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you know her before? A. Perfectly well—I had seen her a hundred times—she told me a young couple at her house had given 1l. for them a short time before, and wanted to raise a few shillings on them—I do not know whether I told this to the Magistrate—I was merely asked whether I took them in—I never saw the boy.
(Samuel Avery, of Kensington, gave Ann Hall a good character.)

BENJAMIN HALL—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Three Months.

ANN HALL—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
