





1582. 
               
                  
                     JAMES HENRY 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, 4 stockings, value 10s.; 2 dresses, value 50s.; 1 tippet, value 30s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 18s.; 4 gloves, value 3s., and 6 yards of ribbon, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Hill
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in High-street, Shadwell


. The prisoner lived with me for three months, three months ago, then left, and came back again eight days before this happened; I missed some handkerchiefs the week before, and on the 26th of August, I found in the shop a paper, which I knew had contained stockings, laying down by the side of the counter - I referred to my book, and found no entry of their being sold; I desired to search the prisoner and the other shopman, to which they agreed - I found nothing on the other; I did not search the prisoner till the officer came, and on him we found one pair of stockings inside his boot, and another pair under his stockings, next his legs - he was not wearing either of them; they were as a bundle - I went to his lodgings with the officer, and found the other property stated in the indictment.


                  JOHN 
                  DRUMMOND
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for - the prosecutor's evidence is correct; I searched the prisoner - I afterwards found all this other property at his lodgings.
MR. HILL. This is all mine; my private-mark is on some of it - one pair of the stockings had been in the paper.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Do you deal in made-up garments? A. No - the dresses have been made up from the raw material, but my mark is on it.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 90s. only
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
