





943. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 2 guineas, 11 shillings, 9 sixpences, and 2 pieces of silver coin, value 1s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  STEPHEN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I keep the Cock public-house, in Grafton-street, Soho




. The prisoner was in my service for five weeks: I had some guineas, a 7s. piece, and some French coins and others, some of which we had had for twenty years, in a little tin cash-box, in my bed-room; no one had access to that room but the servant, to make the bed; in consequence of missing some other things, I searched, and missed this money from the cash-box; I had the prisoner searched - this was on a Monday: she had asked to go out on the Sunday, but I would not let her.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you receive her from Wales? A. No, I had her from a private family at Bayswater - I believe she is a Welsh girl.


                  JOHN 
                  BURN
               



            . I am a glass and china dealer, and live in Old Compton-street. On Monday, the 5th of March, I went to the station, and got an officer; the prisoner was given into custody at Mr. Smith's - she was searched, but nothing found on her; she then desired the officer to leave the room, and then she voluntarily said she would tell me all about it - she pulled up her clothes, and from under her garter she produced, in a glove, this coin; here are two guineas and some silver - she said she had taken three guineas from her master's box, and one of them she had changed at Sewell and Cross', to buy a plaid cloak, which is now here.


                  GEORGE 
                  BEACH
               



            . I am a Police-constable (168 C.) Iwent to Mr. Smith's on the 5th of March - I found this cloak in the prisoner's box; she said she changed one of the guineas which she took from her master's box, to buy it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
