




2669. 




JOHN FRASER
 and 



WILLIAM BENNETT
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
5th of September, 361bs. weight of lead, value 3s. 6d., the goods of 



George Graham and another; and fixed to a building.—2nd COUNT, not stating it to be fixed.






GEORGE GRAHAM
. I and my son had taken a contract to build a house in High-street, Woolwich—the materials of the old house were ours—I had seen the premises almost every day before the 5th of September, but I could not see where this lead was—it was behind a chimney on the roof, out there

was no raining in on the premises—I received information about a week or ten days ago—I then went to the premises, and the lead was gone—I have seen this lead compared with the place, and it fitted—I believe it was taken from there.





WILLIAM HARRIS
. I am a sweep—last Friday week I met Fraser on the road—I knew him by living beside him at Woolwich—he asked if I would carry this property, which he had in a bag—I did not know what was in it—we went along till we came to a marine store-shop—I carried it into the shop—he went in and spoke to Mrs. Burbage, who was in the shop—I was going to pull it out of the bag, but Fraser said, "Don't pull it out"—he asked whether she would buy it—she said, "No, not without a receipt"—he said he would give a receipt of his own—she said sit would have nothing to do with it—he then said, "Boy, take it up, I will take it to the person I had it of"—I took it, and the officer took me with it—Fraser was with me at the time.





SARAH BURBAGE
. I keep a marine store-shop—this boy and Fraser came to my shop—the boy was going to turn the lead out of the bag—Fraser said, "Don't turn it out, put the bag and all into the scale"—I said, "No"—I opened it and saw the lead—I said I would not buy such a quantity without a receipt—he said he would give me a receipt under his own hand—I said that would not do for me, and then he said to the boy, "Take it away."





SAMUEL WATTS
. I am a constable. I met Harris and Fraser on the 5th of September—I followed them to Burbage's shop—they went away again—I then went and took the boy, and asked what he had got—he said, some lead—I asked who it belonged to—he said to Fraser—Fraser said Bennett was the party that gave it to him—we went to inquire, and asked the landlady of the Duke on Horseback public-house to let us look over the house, and the lead corresponded exactly with the place on the roof.

Fraser. You did not suspect I did it. Witness. I had suspicion of you, and had been watching you for some time.





JOSEPH BRITTERFELL
. I am a constable. I was in company win Fraser, and from what Watts said I went to the Duke on Horseback public-house and took Bennett—he said he had received the lead from some young man whom he knew by sight, not by name, and could not tell where to find him—on the Monday following I went with Watts to the house, and we found this lead exactly corresponded with that left on the roof—I found no lead on Bennett.

Fraser's Defence. On the 5th of September Bennett came to my house in the evening, with a bag on his back, and some lead in it—he told me it did not belong to him, but a man he was well acquainted with would come in a few minutes and see it weighed—as soon as he was gone I went to Mrs. Burbage's, to assure myself whether I should buy it or not—she would not have any thing to do with it, and I told the boy to take it back—I said I would go and bring the man that brought it to my shop, and return it to him.

FRASER*—


GUILTY
 Aged 63.—


Transported for Seven years.

BENNETT—


NOT GUILTY


