




2572. 




SARAH SMITH
 and 



JANE LOADER
 were indicted for

stealing on the 
5th of September, 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 1 half-crown, 1 sixpence, 3 pence, and 4 halfpence, the monies of 



John McDonald, from his person.







JOHN MCDONALD
. I have been a seaman, but now work alongshore. On the 5th of September I was at a beer-shop in the Commercial-road—the prisoner Smith was with me—I know nothing of Loader—I had one sovereign, one half-sovereign, three shillings in silver, and some copper—I kept it in a tobacco-pouch, in my waistcoat pocket—I was the worse for liquor—I know I had the money when I went to the house—Smith sat by my side—I was in liquor and sleepy—I did not mist my money till I was told of it—I then looked in my pouch and it was gone—I have known Smith eight years—her husband worked alongside me eight years—the policeman same in and took the party that was in the house—I have had a sovereign back.

Smith. Q. Did you not come and call me out to go to drink with you? A. Yes, we went after that to another house, and bad a quartern of gin and some more liquor—I broke a glass, and we afterwards went to two other houses.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe you haw made inquiries about Loader? A. I never inquired about her character—I know nothing of her.





THOMAS SMITH
. I am a lighterman when I am not on board a man-of-war. I was at this beer-shop—Smith sat on the right hand side of the prosecutor—she took the money out of the pouch, and put the empty ouch back into his waistcoat-pocket—I sung out for a policeman—he came in and took her—I put my back against the door—Loader was close by, and said she would go regulars—she meant she would share it together—when Smith took the money out she put a sovereign and a half into her mouth—in her left cheek, but what came of the silver and halfpence, I cannot say.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were in this room? A. Five, together.

Smith. Q. Were you not in the public-house with Loader and two more? A. No—Conner did not tell you to drink, and fill the pot again.





JOHN ROACH
. I was in the yard of this house. My mistress came down for me, and said, "John, there is something wrong in the tap-room, go and see"—I saw the prosecutor—I said, "Go and see if your money is gone"—went into the tap-room and placed myself against the door—I sent for a policeman, Smith pulled out a half-sovereign from her mouth, and said "Take this, let me go, "and then Loader tried to force it into my hand—Smith was so drunk we were obliged to carry her down to the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. Were the whole set of them drunk? A. Yes, they were.





CATHERINE BEALE
. I was sent for to search the two prisoners on the 5th of September—I took from Smith's pocket one sovereign and 9d.—I found nothing on Loader.





JOHN DAVIS
 (police-constable K 94.) I was called in about a quarter past five o'clock, to take the prisoners—I found them all drunk—I had enough to do to carry Smith to the station-house—Loader came voluntarily down, and was detained—in going down the road, Smith said she had only got 2d., if I wanted that I might have it.


Smith's Defence. The prosecutor came to the house about half-past one o'clock, and asked me to go out and drink—when we got to the Britannia, he asked me to sleep with him—I would not, and said he had better go to his lodgings—he would not let me go till I went to the beer-shop—he put down the money on the table, and told me to take it.

SMITH*—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.

LOADER—


NOT GUILTY
.
