




1182. 




MARGARET FENWICK
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of April, 1 spoon, value 10s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 7 Knives, value 3s.; 1 fork, value 6d.; 1 towel, value 6d.; 2 keys, value 2d.; 1 pint of Embden groats, value 2d.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 night-gown, value 2s.; and 1 apron, value 6d.; the goods of 




Thomas Winkcup, her master: and 1 shawl, value 5l.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 2 shifts, value 5s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 1s.; 1 pair of boots, value 1s.; 2 stocking, value 3s.; 1 purse, value 6d.; and 4 pieces of foreign coin, value 1s. 3d.; the goods of 




GEORGE ERNST BRITTEN
, in the dwelling-house of the said 



Thomas Winkcup
; and 




ANN WEEMES



 for feloniously receiving 1 table-cloth, 7 knives, 1 fork, 1 towel, 2 handkerchiefs 1 spoon, 1 pint Embden groats, and 2 keys, the goods of the said 



Thomas Winkcup, well knowing them to have been stolen.






THOMAS WINKCUP
. I am a Baker, and live in Princes-street, Cavendish-square, in the parish of St. Marylebone. the prisoner Fenwick was in my service for three months—I know nothing of Weemes—in consequence of information which I received, I watched Fenwick, and followed her on Sunday night, the 10th of April, along Princes-street, about ten o'clock—I saw she got a bundle in her apron—I asked her where she

was going, or what she about—she gave me no answer at that moment—I brought her back to my own door, and then she said, "What will you do with me, Sir? I hope you will not transport me"—and at that moment Mr. Ingall brought up the prisoner Weemes with another bundle—I immediately sent for an officer, and gave them in charge, begging him to keep the bundles separate—I had never seen Weemes before—I saw the bundles examined at the station-house—they contained my property.





ISABELLA WINKCUP
. I am the prosecutor's niece, and live with him On the Sunday evening in Question, I was at the shop door, and saw Fenwick come out at the private door, and go half way up the street, towards Cavendish-square, with two bundle—I asked her where she was going, she said, she was going to get some plate for the lodger—we have only one lodger—I offered to go with her—she said she did not want me, and left me—she turned the corner towards the square—I came back to my uncle's shop-door, and then saw her on the opposite side of Princes-street, with two bundles—I saw Weemes about half a yard beyond her—I did not see them speak together—I saw the bundles at High-street Office on the Monday, and I knew the property to belong to my uncle.





WILLIAM INGALL
. I am & chemist, and live in Circus-street, St. Mary-le-bone, nearly a mile from Princes-street, I know Mr. Winkup—in consequence of information I was on the watch in Princes-street—I saw the prosecutor cross the and take Fenwick into custody—she had only one bundle—I saw Weemes carrying another bundle ten or fifteen yards from her—I followed her into Oxford-street and asked her what she had got in her bundle—she said she left me—she put the bundle into my ascertain the contents of it before she left me—she did not know—I told her I must hand and said I was welcome to take it—I took her back to Mr. Winkcup's—I asked her if she was not carrying the bundle for a young woman in Princes-street—she denied all knowledge of any thing of the kind—I did not name Fenwick.





MARY ECKETT
. I am the wife of policeman. On Sunday the 10th of April, I was called in to search the prisoner—I found in Fenwick's bosom two white linen pocket-handkerchiefs, and at the same time a black silk purse dropped from her person, containing three foreign coins—I found two Keys in her pocket—they appear keys of boxes—I found a tooth-brush on her, but that is not claimed—I searched Weemes, and found in her bosom a pair of white silk stockings, and in her pocket a silver table-spoon, a paper of Embden groats, and three duplicates—I searched them separately.





GARRETT BARRY
. I am a policeman. I was called in on Sunday evening, and received the prisoner in charge—I made them no promise or threat—I asked Fenwick why she had taken the things—she said she was unfortunate in doing so—Weemes was present—I asked Weemes where she got the bundle she had—she said she got it from Fenwick, to take home with her—Fenwick did not deny it—I asked Fenwick who belonged to—she said to Mr. Winkcup, and some to a lodger in the house—I have the bundles here.





THOMAS WINKCUP
. re-examined. I have examined the bundle—here are some knives and forks, which were in Weemes's bundle, which are mine—these table cloths are mine—these keys belong to my linen chest—the things are worth 20s. or 30s.—the property taken from my house was worth 70l. or 80l.





GEORGE ERNST BRITTEN
. I was lodging at the prosecutor's house, with my family—this cashmere shawl and stockings are my wife's—the

purse is mine—I had some Italian coins in it—my property is worth 5l.—the shawl cost 20l.

FENWICK—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Life.

WEEMES—


GUILTY
. Aged 50.—

transported for Fourteen Years.
There was another indictment against Fenwick.

First Jury before Mr. Recorder.
