






NEW COURT. MONDAY, JANUARY 9.
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
436. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TERRETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, 1 copper, value 14s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Barton
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BARTON
               



            . I live in Phoenix-street, Somers'-town


, and am a pianaforte-maker
. On the 20th of December I received information of the loss of a copper, which had been fixed in the back kitchen at my house; I had seen it on the 17th.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BECKWITH
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Elwin, in Phoenix-street. I was coming by Mr. Barton's door, and saw Morgan come out, on the evening of the 19th of December, at a quarter-past seven o'clock, with the copper on his shoulder; Terrett was standing on the curb stone, facing the door, and when Morgan came out he said, "Come on John;" he crossed the road - Terrett said, "It is all right;" I followed Morgan to my master's door - Terrett walked on the other side; Morgan crossed over, and torned down a crescent - Terrett followed him.


                  RICHARD 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner Terrett at his sister's, in a Wilsdon-street, Somers'-town; I said, "Come along John, I want to speak to you" - he said, "I know what it is about," and in coming down stairs, he said, "I suppose it is about the copper;" I said, "Then you know all about it?" - he said, "I know who took it, and where it was sold, but I had nothing to do with it;" he sent me to where he said it was sold, but I could not find it.


                  JOHN 
                  RADCLIFFE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took Morgan in Somer's-town on the 23rd; I asked if he knew any thing about a copper - he said he had received one from a youth named Bourne, and sold it in the street for five shillings; it has not been found.
Morgan's Defence. I was coming along, and saw Bourne coming out of this house, where he lives, with a copper; he said his friends were going to remove - I sold the copper for five shillings, and gave him the money.
Terrett's Defence. I live next door to the prosecutor. I saw Bourne give the copper to this man to sell.
MR. BARTON. A person named Bourne lodged with his father and mother in my second parlour, but he has absconded; they had no copper - I gave them warning, as I had some suspicion of their son; the passage goes into the kitchen, and these rooms are on the ground floor.
JURY. Q. Had you known the prisoners before? A. I had seen them; I had seen Bourne in company with Morgan.
MORGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TERRETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Confined Six Months
            .
