





289. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, 2 quarts of claret wine, value 7s.
            , the goods of the 
               St. Katherine's Dock Company


            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
JOSEPH HOLDWAY. I am an officer - on the 4th of December I was stationed at St. Katherine's Dock


 - I saw the prisoner coming out, and desired him to take his hat off; he refused to do it - I took him on one side and repeated the request - he again refused - Mr. Taylor came up and desired him to do it - he refused, and I took it off by main force - as he put up his hands to keep it on: I found in it a bladder with two quarts of claret wine in it - I asked where he got it - he said he did not know - we took him to the office and found on him this gimblet, this spile, and this bit of the neck of a glass bottle - Mr. Carter asked him where he got the wine - he said from B vault - that vault contains claret - the prisoner worked there as a painter.
Cross-examined by Mr. STAMMERS. Q. Did you measure the wine? A. Yes, with a quart-pot I got from a public-house - I know it is claret wine by tasting it - I am not in the habit of tasting claret, but I have tasted it when I was in service. I do not know how many men were at work in that vault beside the prisoner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am superintendent of the police at St. Katherine's Dock - I saw this wine and these other things found on the prisoner - I examined the vault, and found a cask had been spiled, and this gimblet fitted the holes - the prisoner attempted to make his escape.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were at work there? A. I do not know; there were a great many; there was a vault-keeper and several others - the usual way of tasting wine is by taking it from the bung-hole: I have seen it spiled, but it is not usual - one spile hole was left vacant, and another had a new spile in it.
COURT. Q. Do merchants ever taste by a spile? A. No.
GEORGE PITTENDRIGH. I am foreman cooper of vault B - the prisoner was employed to paint there.
DAVID HUNTER. I am keeper of the B vault - I drewsome wine out of the cask; it was partially leaking - it is claret wine.
Prisoner's Defence. I am perfectly innocent of the robbery. I was engaged to paint a box and three pieces of board for the "Lord of the Isles," and received the wine for it. I told the officer so, and he made a laugh at it. There is no proof that I got the wine out of the cellar - I was not stopped till I got to the front gate - the reason I did not state where I got it was, I did not know but that it was smuggled - I am guilty of having it, but I did not steal it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
