





1547. 




SAMUEL FLETCHER,


 JOHN WILLIAM BICKERS
, and 



WILLIAM NORRIS
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of May, at 
St. Mary, Islington, 2 leaden cisterns, value 10l.; 2 coppers, value 5l.; 1 leaden sink, value 2l.; 1 dresser, value 2l.; 1 pump, value 5l.; 100 feet of leaden pipe, value 5l.; 10 leaden gutters, value 5l.; 20 locks, value 2l.; 20 glazed window-sashes, value 20l.; 50 leaden sash-weights, value 2l.; and 10 wooden doors, value 5l.; the goods of, and belonging to, 



Edward Rowland Pickering; and fixed to a certain building; against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, for ripping, cutting, and breaking, with intent to steal.✗—3rd COUNT, for larceny, at common law.


MESSRS. ADOLPHUS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.
MR. EDWARD ROWLAND PICKERING. I reside at Clapham, and am the owner of Fisher-house, Islington—it is my copyhold of inheritance—a relative of mine named Hayes purchased it. I produce the deed of covenant, dated the 17th of May, 1780, between Sir William Halton, Bart., and James Hayes, of Aldersgate-street, in consideration of 2000/-✗covenanting to surrender to James Hayes six messuages✗ or tenements, lately five, &c. &c. I have also the admission of Hayes, on the 2nd of June, 1786, by the Court of Prebend, and my own admission to the property, on the 22nd of May, 1827, as devisee under the will of Hayes.

COURT. Q. Did you, by that admission, come into possession of Fisher-house? A. I did—I was in possession of it before, in 1821, on Mr. Hayes's death.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you an old lease which has a plan of the estate?


A. I have—it is dated the 29th of September, 1795, and is between James Hayes and Ann Holmes, widow of Richard Holmes-that demises the property, and recites articles of agreement between James Hayes and Richard Holmes—here is the plan of the premises, and here is Fisher-house on it—here is a deed of covenant, dated the 18th of August, 1803, between James Hayes, with Dr. Samuel Ford Simmons, and Richard Simmons this recites the one from Hayes to Holmes, and covenants to grant Dr. Simmons a lease for twenty-one years, it describes the property by referring to the former lease to Holmes, and recites that it was done with the licence of the Lord of the Manor-here is a lease, dated the 1st of February, 1816, between James Hayes and Dr. Sutherland—I have not the attesing witness here, but I see I am one myself—it was before I came into possession of the premises-mat lease expired at Lady-day, 1835-l received the rent from Dr. Sutherland from the time of Mr. Hayes's death, in 1821, until Lady-day, 1835, when the lease expired-after that I agreed with Dr. Sutherland to continue as a tenant for one year, at 250l. rent—hepaid me that year's rent, and quitted at Lady-day, 1836—the six houses on the estate are mine, and the land, which has now about sixty houses built on it—I have no copyhold property in that manor, except what I claim under that admission-when Dr. Sutherland left, I left the premises in care of the witness Swain, who receives my rents—I have subsequently seen Wilkinson in the house, taking care of it—I n consequence of information, I went to the premises, accompanied by an officer, on Monday the 29th of May-(I think) I did not see the prisoner Fletcher there—as I and the officer approached the gate, four or five men inside locked the gate, and laughed at us—the officer got over the railing at my desire, and I went round to the back part—I saw the premises on Monday, the 5th of June, and missed two leaden cisterns, two coppers, and one sink, a dresser was pulled down, and removed from where it stood; the shelves were all gone, and the force-pump; a quantity of leaden pipe and gutter lead was gone, and some coiled up ready for removal—the locks were most of them pulled off and gone, and the window-sashes taken out-scarcely any were left in the back part of the house-they were taken down, and some were lying about—the house looked like a deserted piece—the doors were removed, and the closet doors taken away-according to what I have experienced in repairing, I should say 300l. would not replace the damage done.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How many indictments have you caused to be preferred? A. Four, according to the advice of counsel, three are for felony-they are all for acts done of a similar kind, and one for a conspiracy, comprehending these same acts without right or title to possess themselves of the estate-Dr. Sutherland did not leave on account of a dispute between Fletcher and me about the right to the house—henever assigned that reason to me.

Q. How long has Fletcher, according to your notion of it, been affecting to claim a right to the property? A. He has annoyed my tenants, I believe, with notices not to pay rent to me, for three years-they have shown me the notices sometimes—I know Jeremiah Simpson very well—I do not know of his claiming any part of this estate-Mr. Hayes made a will—I have got the probate of it, but not with me—I have seen the original—I never heard of a person named Hammond, as connected with my estate—I have heard the name, but not as connected with my property—allow me to produce to you a paper which will save trouble—I believe this will satisfy you that the property is perfectly distinct-Hammond was one of the

homage when Sir William Halton suffered a recovery, in the year 1768—I have the deed of covenant from Sir William Halton to Mr. Hayes in my possession.

Q. Is there no other instrument by which he held his title, except the deed you have produced? A. The deed of covenant, and the admission on✗ the court-roll—I believe the court-roll is here—I have no objection to produce it—I have not been in correspondence with Fletcher—I may have written to him a note-that might be, I think, in 1833—I once met him at my tenant Hutchinson's—I understand he has claimed this property, by the tenants producing the notices—I do not know from himself that he has always claimed this estate—I only saw him once, and on that occasion he never named Fisher-house—I do not know that he has claimed it for some years-only lately—hegave notice, I believe, to Dr. Sutherland, before he left—I have seen notices in the hands of my tenants a few weeks back—I think I have seen them as far back as 1833—I have had communication with various tenants on the subject of Fletcher's claim to the property, and have treated it with contempt—I was advised to indict them for conspiring to get the estate—I left it in the hands of my counsel, and they did what they thought proper—I have only had one interview with Fletcher that was in 1833 or 1834, when I met him at Hutchinson's; and now you bring it to my recollection, I remember his saying he expected he had an interest in the adjoining property, and I said, "Put yourself in respectable hands, and you will be well advised "—I have never seen Esther Joburne✗—I believe she was once the possessor of the adjoining property, but not of my property—it is separated by a high wall-perfectly divided—I do not know John Joburns—I have heard of such a person—I have heard he is dead since the prisoner was committed—I never saw Esther Joburns—I never heard of a person of the name of Nott, nor a female named Aldridge—the bottom part of the property, about which I had the conversation with the prisoner, joins Fisher-house—it is called Angler's gardens.

Q. Pray, when you went to the property on the 29th of May, was Fletcher, and the rest of these persons, secretly conveying away the property, or had he a cart and horse ready to take it away? A. I saw neither one or the other-there were many people on the premises—it was broad daylight, and they had a flag up—I had not learnt from Fletcher before that it was his intention to do that—I did not apply to a Magistrate till the Monday morning-an application had been made on the previous Saturday—I do not know by whom—I have never put the estate up for sale nor endeavoured to sell it yet—I have had Mr. Alderman Farebrother to look over it, to see what I should do to it-that was last December I think-part of the estate is in a very dilapidated state, and a great part of it untenanted-part of it is almost in a state of ruin-not half of it-one house has tumbled down—I do not recollect how long it was since I was at the estate before the 29th of May, it is not a year—I took possession from Dr. Sutherland in 1836—I never occupied it myself—I have not had any tenant in it since he left, because I understood there was to be a general enfranchisement act, and I have been waiting for that—I believe he estate about which Simpson and Fletcher had the discussion is in the same manor—I have heard that Fletcher is very distantly related to a person named Hammond, but I do not know it-1 have not heard it from any relation of the family.

Q. Did it happen that any body was in attendance from you at Islington church on any particular day, a year or two ago? A. Not from me—

I have known a person named Tomlins within these two or three days—I believe he is in Court now—I have not caused any communication to be made to the prisoners since they have been in custody—I should have thought it a disgrace to do so—my only object is to have quiet possession of my own property—I thought it my duty to do what 1 have done—I have been at a great expense to do it.

Q. From the opportunity you have had of seeing Fletcher, is he a man of education, or a poor ignorant creature? A. I do not know—I do not know whether Bickers is a broker—he never claimed possession of the estate that I know of—nor Norris that I know of—I have not caused any inquiries to be made after Esther Joburns—I have reason to believe she is alive—I have never seen her.

COURT. Q. Is she the owner or tenant of the adjoining property? A. I believe she is the owner—I do not know when the property was first called Fisher-house in any deed—I believe it has never been so—it was occupied by Sir Richard Fischer, in 1679.





HANNAH WILKINSON
. I am the wife of John Wilkinson. My husband and I were put in possession of Fisher-house, Lower-street, Islington, a few months ago, by Mr. Swain, who is a broker, I believe—he put me in to take care of it—I was there on Thursday, the 25th of May, when the prisoners Bickers and Norris came—(my husband and I had a little property there of our own)—they asked if I had got a bed and bedstead—I told them I had, and Bickers left this paper with me—Norris and another were left in possession all night—(" The paper being read was a warrant of distress authorising Bickers to seize goods in the possession of Willkinson, for 20l. rent, due at Lady-day last; signed S. Fletcher, Landlord, attested by Norris")—there was no property in the house but ours—on the following day Mr. Fletcher came and looked over the house—he said it was his—I understood it was his, and they ordered us to go out—my husband was at home in the evening, and stopped to move the things out—Bickers left word with the man in possession that he had orders from the attorney to turn us out, they let us carry away our goods, and helped us out with them—when I left, every thing was in its proper situation—I have seen the house since, and a great many things have been taken away.





ROBERT ROOTS
. I am a broker. On Thursday, the 25th of May, my attention was called to Fisher-house, and I saw the three prisoners there, attempting to levy for rent—on the Friday I saw them going in and out of the premises, and I saw other parties under their directions pulling down the cisterns and other fixtures—on the Saturday I saw some of the sashes taken out—the prisoners were on the premises at the time—on Saturday evening I saw a cart being loaded at the house—they were putting in doors, and I went away for the police—Norris was assisting in loading the cart—I had seen them all about the premises that day—I gave Norris, and four other persons who were employed there, in charge, and they were taken to Hatton-garden on Saturday evening—Mr. Pickering was not present, nor his attorney, I think, and Mr. Laing discharged them—after they were discharged, Bickers (who was there, though he was not given in charge,) said as he had said before, that he would soon have all the premises down, that we had no right to it—Norris was very abusive, and said I wanted to transport him—Fletcher was not there—I have had a deal of conversation with him—he has said he would have all the house down, and if he could not get into the house I was in possession of, that he would get in—if he could not get into possession of the bottom of the house where I was, he would have the roof off, and get in that way, and he

said, "If we are guilty of anything, we are guilty of felony, we know✗ what we are about"—I saw Norris in front of the premises on Saturday about twelve o'clock—hewas tipsy and shaking money in his hand, and saying, "Now, you see we have got plenty of money, we shall not stand✗ still, now, here is some of the produce of the estate."

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you acquainted with John Minter Hart? A. I knew him very well—hewas not an acquaintance of mine—I know Sergeants' Inn—I have belonged to the Marshal✗ Court some time, and have been there—I do not know that I was ever there on any other subject—I have put in bail several times-not as on✗ much a job-when I have been bail for any body it has been at the request of an officer—I have never been hired and paid for becoming bail—I have never justified bail-for certain purposes I have been paid for my trouble on renders and such things—I have been paid by parties for whom I became bail—I have received my 2s. 6d.—I have had the render money.

Q. Did you ever get Mr. Fletcher out of any other property on this estate? A. Never—I know a house next door but two to Fisher-house—I turned him out of that property on Whit-Tuesday-Mr. Pickering✗ hired me to do so, and Mr. Pownall, Mr. Pickering's solicitor, paid me for doing it—the expenses altogether came to 15l.—I kept possession of the property, and have never given it up to this day—I went in on Tuesday, and got 4l. on account on the following Saturday, and about 5l. on the following Saturday—I cannot tell when I received the last sum—I have five or six men on the premises ever since, almost, to see that property is not removed off the premises-Fletcher threatened he would come and take it-Thursday, the 25th, was the first time they attempted to enter the property—I heard them threaten to get possession when I went there on Whit-Tuesday, the 15th-that was the first time I went on the estate—I do not recollect having put in bail for some months—I think the last was rendering a man for 300l.—I did not know the man—I went with the sheriff's officer for the purpose of rendering him—I broke open the door of the adjoining house on Whit-Tuesday, but I could not get in—I could not get the chain off—I got in at the window-Mr. Pownall instructed me to apply to the Magistrate on the Saturday-Saturday morning was the first time I knew of any thing going—I did not myself see any thing taken away by the defendants—I received information then, and went to the Justice on the Saturday afternoon, when they were taken into custody—I missed several doors, a dresser, two water-closets, and other things—I saw them in Conquest's premises, I think, at Islington—that was the subject-matter of my complaint to the Magistrate on Saturday-they were discharged, and went back again to the property, and began again the same night—I was watching outside the premises all night—I saw part of it done-there were a great many persons there at various times-when they came home from the police-office there were about 400 people-they came back decorated with blue ribbons, several of them—I saw Norris with some—I saw him go into the shop and buy them—I heard them say directly they came out of the police-office, that the place was theirs, and they would pull it down—I was at the police-office when Fletcher was examined on this charge on Monday—I did not hear him tell the Magistrate that the property was his, and he would do what he liked with it—I do not recollect it—I do not believe he did say it—hesaid, that if he was guilty of any thing, he was guilty of felony.

MR. ADOLPJIUS. Q. Now, with respect to this bail story, did you ever

justify bail in your life for any sum of money? A. Some years ago I did, for a friend of mine, but never but once—I only went to assist my friend—I never received a shilling for doing so—the defendant cannot be surrendered unless bail be put in, that must be complied with, and that was the occasion on which I received the half-crown, for my trouble in going to the Judge's chambers—if I had been asked to go to Westminster, and swear I was worth any sum of money, I would certainly not have done it—what I did was to get a person into the custody of the Marshal, as we are obliged to do, or else the bail would be fixed—I think Bickers was present on the Monday when Fletcher was before the Magistrate—I do not recollect whether Norris was or not—I do not think he was in the office—I saw him in the neighbourhood.





BENJAMIN BRADLEY
. I live in Barley-mow gardens. On Friday, the 26th of May, I was employed by Fletcher to pull down some fixtures in the kitchen at Fisher-house—drawers, shelves, and cupboards.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe he told you he wanted you to go and take down part of Fisher-house? A. Yes, and I went according to his orders.





WILLIAM MARSHAM
. I live in Cross-street, Islington. On Saturday, the 27th of May, I was hired to carry some things from Fisher-house—some pieces of old iron, lead, copper, and a pump, were put into my cart—Norris was present, and went with me, with the cart, to the Angel, to a plumber's shop—he helped to unload the cart there, and the things were left there—Norris paid me for the hire of the cart.





GEORGE ALFRED BARLINTER
. I am foreman to Messrs. Andrews, plumbers, near the Angel. On Saturday, the 27th of May, a cart was brought with metal, and Norris came with it, and proposed to sell them to me—they were brought in and weighed—I have an entry in my book—they were sold as old metal—there was 5 cwts. 2 quarters of lead, 167lbs. of copper, an old lift pump, and 28lbs. of lead attached to the copper—it amounted to 11l. 7s., which I paid him, and he gave me a receipt—I asked him whose property it was, and he said it belonged to Mr. Jones, No. 7, King-street, Lower-road, Islington—I have a minute here of who they were purchased for.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know person named Jones in King-street? A. I do not—I was examined before the Magistrate—I made out two bills, a separate one for the copper, which amounts to 4l. 8s., and that for the lead 6l. 19s.—I made it out to William Jones by Norris's direction—I did not think of purchasing the copper at first, as he objected to my price, but afterwards said he would leave it.
(The account for the copper being read, was in the name of William Jones, on which was written. "Received. Wm. Norris.") FRANCES NEWELL. I live at No. 7, King-street, Lower-road, Islington, and have kept the house for five years. No person named Jones ever lived there during that time—I have no knowledge of Norris whatever.





BENJAMIN BRADLEY

re-examined. I was at the premises on the Saturday evening—the lead was taken from the cistern, the pipes, and the pump—the gutters were taken off a building that was pulled down, I believe, but I was not employed on that part—I was only there one night—I think that was Saturday, and there was lead left in the house then, which had been removed—there were some gutters and pipes, which had not been taken down.






EDWARD CONQUEST
. I am a builder, and live in Haman's-row, Holloway.✗ I went to Fisher-house on the Friday evening, and saw Bickers and Norris there—I was only in the yard—I saw different kinds of materials✗ which had been recently pulled down—there were about five doors and two basons of water-closets, with 30 or 40lbs. of lead attached to these✗—I bought them of Bickers, and gave a 5l. note for the whole, which by his desire I paid to Norris.

Cross-examined yb
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you help to take some of the things down? A. Yes.





EDMUND WRAY
. I am a policeman. On Monday, the 29th of May, by the Magistrate's directions, I accompanied Mr. Pickering to Fisher-house—I found the gate fastened—I got over the railing, and saw Fletcher✗ in the house through the window—I asked him to go along with me—he said what for?—I told him I wished him to go with me to Hatton-garden—he asked what for?—I said "You are charged by Mr. Pickering with felony"—he said "Very well, I will come directly"—I requested him to come out at the front door—he said he would—I waited some considerable time, but he did not come; and I saw him in the custody of Inspector Miller, about ten minutes after—on Sunday the 11th of June, I went after Norris, and found him in Vinegar-yard, Old-street—he ran away—I followed him some distance—Brook and Hanson were with me—I did not tell him what I took him for—he said he would go with me—I found this letter and some papers in his hat at the station-house, which I produce—
(Letter read)—

" Dear Friend,—I grieve for your situation, most particularly for your family; but I trust you will have fortitude enough to go through your trouble, and keep your spirits up, as nothing shall be wanting on my part to serve you and the cause, we have gone hand in hand together, and believe me, I will not desert you. It is a most fortunate affair I was not taken as well as yourself. I am obliged to be from home; nevertheless, I am hard at work for you, and I feel well satisfied you will come off triumphant, as every thing is being done for you to meet your enemies. One thing you must do is, to make over your property as soon as possible, in case of accident. I understand there is about forty witnesses against you, such as they are. Myself and Mr. Cockerill have been to the Registeroffice, and found a lease granted to Mr. Hammond, in 1756 adjoining, and all round Fisher-house, besides other property Mr. Hammond was possessed of on that estate; and up to the two houses Weaver's, and the other Pickering has got possession of, I have spoken to Mr. Rogers, who is ready and willing to conduct your case, which I hope will meet your approbation and I do expect you will be well supported by counsel—there are two questions at issue, the production of Miss Joburns, and the title of Mr. Pickering to Fisher-house, and they must both be produced, or you must be acquitted, that is the question."





JAMES MILLER
 (police-inspector N.) On Monday, the 29th of May, I went with the officers to Fisher-house—they went to the front, and I to the back—I saw Fletcher come out at the back door, and took him into custody—I told him I took him for felony—he said (speaking of Fisher-house) that it was not the property of Mr. Pickering; if it was, he certainly had committed felony.

MR. PICKERING
re-examined. Q. You have been asked, whether some other houses were not in a falling-down condition—was this house in a

falling-down condition? A. Not at all—it had been just repaired Dr. Sutherland, and did not require taking down.

FLETCHER—


GUILTY
. Aged 66.—


Transported for Seven Year.

BICKERS and NORRIS—


NOT GUILTY
.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

