



87. 




FRANCIS HENESSEY
 was indicted

 for stealing on the 
14th of November, 1 saddle, value 10s. 2 girths value 2s. and 1 pair of stirrup-irons value 1s. the goods of 




Edward Wenham.







EDWARD WENHAM
. I keep a public house at Limehouse. On Saturday night, the 14th of November between eight nine o'clock Griffin came to me—I went to my stable, and missed my saddle, and the other articles stated—I had seen them safe at five o'clock—the prisoner had been about my house several times during that day—this is my saddle.





THOMAS ALSTON
. I am a saddler an live at Limehouse. About eight o'clock on the Saturday evening in question the prone came to me with a saddle—he wanted to sell it for 6s. and gave me the name of Cochrant—I detained him, and sent for the officer.





WILLIAM GRIFFIN
 (police Sergeant K 11) I took the prisoner with this saddle.

Prisoner. The prosecutor kicked him out of the house the nigh before e for being drunk.





EDWARD WNHAM
. I did to—he was not drunk—my stable door was not locked t—the prisoner ether waked through my house e or go over the pales.

Prisoner. A person named Burley lodged at the prosecutor's and he gave me the saddle—he was the person the persecutor kicked out of the house. Witnesss Yes, I did, for his insolence about an hours and a half be fore the officer came to tell me about this saddle—Mr. Alston's house is not half a mile form mine—I saw Burley before the magistrate—the prisoner had stated that he gave him the saddle; but when Burley was produced, the prisoner said a person of the name of Scate gave it him—they did not believe the prisoner, and burley was discharged—Burley is very honest but when he gets a little drink he is very quarrelsome.

Prisoner's Defence. Burley gave me the saddle, an told me to put it in the name of Scate—I tink is very hard case to be stopped every hour by the policeman and asked what I have got, when I am going to work.
---- HENESSEY. I am the prisoner's mother, he has been watched about and ill used by the poilcmen—he has been sen to the house of Correction by their information—Mrs. wenham has 2l. his money the prosecutor said he had stolen 4l. form cellar.





EDWARD WNHAM
. My wife has no money of the prisoner's—he was apprehended on Sunday moning a few weeks ago on a charge of robbing a cellar, but they could not swear to him; and the same day, the came to my bar, an took the money which they had left with my wife, an made themselves very merry with it—o the Tuesday or Wednesday, he an his mother came in, quite tipsey he sat down, and went to sleep—I told him he must go t—she said, "Don't disturb my boy"—I then dragged him out—the policeman asked if I had nay charge against t gun—I said "No" he knocked the policeman down and had six weeks imprisonment for it.




GUILTY
. Aged 20—


Transported for Seven Years.
