



1393. 




HENRY GREIG
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of April, at 

St. George the Martyr, Southwark, 1 watch, value 7l., the goods of 



John Belsey, in his dwelling-house.






JOHN BELSEY
. I am a watchmaker, and live at No. 126, Great Suffolk-street, Borough, in the parish of St. George the Martyr. I have the whole house—on the afternoon of the 18th of April, I was at work in my shop, as late as four or five o'clock—the prisoner came in—I had seen him about six days before, when he came with a customer of mine, Mr. Harman—I

had a watch marked up in the window—he came in and asked me to let him look at the watch, as a friend of his, a baker, had seen it, and thought it would suit him—I showed it him—he approved of it, saying it would suit his friend, it was the sort of watch he wanted—and he left my shop, promising to meet me at eight o'clock in the evening at my shop, with his friend—he left the watch—he came about eight o'clock in the evening alone, and told me his friend was gone to some baker's shop at Stones-end, but would be back presently—he waited some time till a quarter to nine o'clock—his friend never came—while he was waiting, I had been at work on a small gold horizontal watch, and showed it to him—I then wrapped it up in paper, and put it into the drawer of a desk which stood on the table—he saw where I put it to—I then asked him if he thought his friend would come, as I wanted to go to the West-end—he said he was sure to come, and he should recommend the watch to him, as he thought it would suit him, and he desired me to put a chain on it—I then asked him to drink a glass of ale—he said he would—I sent my little boy, about eight years old, for it first, and they did not send it by him—the public-house is next door to mine—I then went for it myself, leaving the boy at the counter, and the prisoner sitting in a chair some distance from the desk—when I returned, I met him close by the door—he said, "I think my friend may have dropped in next door, allow me to go and see"—I poured him out a glass of ale which he drank, and went out immediately—he never returned—after he was gone I perceived the drawer of the desk a little open—I am sure I had shut it—I looked and missed the horizontal watch I had shown him—I ran to Stones-end and made inquiry—the next morning I found Harman who had been with him before, and he told me where to go for the prisoner, and about nine o'clock in the morning, I found him in the street close by where he lives—I asked him for the watch—he said he had never seen me before in his life—I said, "Well, will you go home with me? my wife and children will recognise you, I am certain"—he acknowledged, in going along Blackfriars-road, that he was at my place with Mr. Harman, but that was the only time—he went with me—I am quite certain he is the man, and my wife recognised him immediately—he had a much narrower-brimmed hat on in the morning when I found him, than when he came to my shop—he then had a broad-brimmed hat on—I went with the policeman, and found the broad-brimmed hat at his lodgings, No. 26, Addle-hill—I had left the prisoner in custody with the narrow-brimmed hat on—at the station house I said there was an alteration in the man, that he had a broader-brimmed hat on—I went to his house the next day.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. Have you since seen the watch? A. I have not had it in my hand—About a week ago, last Monday, I received information that the watch was pawned—that was after the examination before the Magistrate—this happened on a Wednesday evening, and the next day he was taken to Union Hall, and remained until the 26th, and was then committed—when I first met him he said he did not know me—he subsequently recognised me, and said he remembered seeing me, in the presence of Mr. Harman—Mr. Harman is a respectable person, and a customer of mine—I knew very well where to find the prisoner, by inquiring of Harman—Mr. Harman said it was the first time he was in his company—I was certain I could find Mr. Harman—he had previously left me his

address—I am quite certain about the hat—when the hat was founds at his lodgings by the constable he acknowledged it was his—I found the hat in the corner of his room, and I said it was the hat he had on, and he said it was his—I think he said at Union Hall that one of them was his Sunday hat—my daughter is eleven years old—when the prisoner went with me to my house, my wife recognised him at once—my daughter was at school—I went and fetched her to the station-house, to see him—she did not recognise him at first, but as soon as he put on the broad-brimmed hat she was enabled to do so.





MARY ANN BELSEY
. I am eleven years old, and live with my father. I recollect the evening when a person came into the shop to buy a watch—I was in the parlour with my father—I can see into the shop from there—my little brother was in the shop with the person—it was the prisoner—my father went out for some ale—my little brother was in the shop at the time—the prisoner was in the first chair—there were two chairs—there is a counter and table in the shop—I saw a desk on the counter—I did not see the prisoner do any thing while my father was out—I saw him the following day at the station-house—I did not know him exactly then—I said he was the man at Union Hall—I knew him better there, because he put on a broad-brimmed hat—I am sure the person who was in my father's shop the night before had a broad-brimmed hat.

Cross-examined. Q. You only know him by the hat? A. No—when he had the small hat on I could not tell whether it was the same person or not—he struck me as not being the same person, with the small hat on.





ROBERT BRODIE
 (police-constable L 132.) I received information that Mr. Belsey had lost a gold Geneva watch—I was employed to trace it—I found it pledged at Mr. Higginbotham's the same night, Monday, the 6th of May, in the New-cut, Lambeth—that is near St. George the Martyr's.





THOMAS LEWIS
. J am in the service of Mr. Higginbotham. I have a gold watch, which was brought about half-past nine o'clock on the evening of the 18th of April—we live about ten minutes' or a quarter of an hour's walk from the prosecutor's—we did not take it in as a pledge, but lent 3l. on it—it is not usual to take in pledges so late—I am sure the prisoner is the person—I had never known him before—I had some doubt when I first saw him, but I have not now—he did not have the same dress on as when I saw him before—he had a brown Petersham coat on then—I did not make any memorandum of the name he gave me—I did not give him a ticket—he was to come for a ticket the next day, and then he could have more money on it—I rather think he had a narrow-brimmed hat on, but I cannot swear positively—he did not come back the next day for more.

Cross-examined. Q. What was the value of the watch? A. He might have had 4l. on it if he had liked—it was worth 7l. to a wearer—we advance according to what we consider the article worth—I swear to his face—his coat was buttoned up close about the neck—at that time of night it was not very light.





JOHN BELSEY

re-examined. I am sure this is the same watch—the hat is not here—the policeman who apprehended him is not here—he was not bound over.
(George Price, baker, Cornwall-road, Lambeth; and John Chalmers, baker, Little Carter-lane, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
