



54. 




AUGUSTUS MONTAGUE
 was indicted

 for feloniously and burglariously and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Pace, about the hour of six in the night of the 
14th of November, at 
St. Mary Matfelon, alias Whitechapel, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 watch value 3l., his goods.






CHARLES PACE
. I am the brother of Henry Pace, and live in High-street Whitechapel, in the parish of St. Mary Matfelon—he is the sole occupier of the house—I am not this partner. On the 14th of November, I was at my brother's shop—he is a watch-maker—between five and half-past five o'clock I heard a noise in the shop—It was dark, and the gas was lighted—I am sure it was after five o'clock—I heard the glass break in the outer window of the shop—I ran out into street, and saw the prisoner who had been stopped by two men, returning to the shop—he was brought back to the shop—I called a policeman, and then waited outside to keep the crowd from the shop—I found a silver watch gone, which had been hanging in the window before—It had been between the outer and inner window of the shop, just opposite the pane of glass which was broken, within an inch of the again—I had seen it that morning.

Prisoner. Q. Did I appear perfectly sober at that time? A. I thought not quite sober.





JOHN BROOKS
. I am a police-constable. I was called into the shop—the prisoner did not appear altogether sober—I searched him, and found a watch in his right hand, and his hand had blood on it—It appeared to be cut.

Prisoner. Q. Did you find any thing else on me? A. A razor and case, which I did not return to him—I returned every thing else to him—I was ordered not to return him the razor—I found a few halfpence on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.

(GEORGE GRAY being called, did not appear.)

Prisoner's Defence. I had a few question to ask Gray—I am sorry he is not here—I wished to have asked him, whether he saw me take out the watch—whether it was possible for him to have caught me at the time, and not suffer me to walk off—I wish to show I walked slowly after taking the watch out of the window, by which it would appear I had no intention of taking the man's property—I took it would appear I had no inlooked at it, and walked slowly away—If I had intended to take it away, I should have acted in a different manner.





CHARLES PACE

re-examined He was about fifteen yards from the shop when I first saw—I ran out as quickly as I could—he been stopped when I got out—Grey had stopped him.




GUILTY
 of housebreaking, not of burglary. Aged 21—



Confined One Year in the Penitentiary, and then 


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Park

