





Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
621. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BRAME
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 13th of January
, 2 brooches, value 30s.; 2 rings, value 7s.; 5 table-cloths, value 40s.; 3 shifts, value 7s.; 4 petticoats, value 10d.; 1 necklace, value 2s.; 3 tea-spoons, value 3s., and 3 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Flanders
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling-house
            .


                  SARAH 
                  FLANDERS
               



            . I live in Wellington-place, Stepney


. The prisoner and her husband lodged with me for five or six months, and left on the 13th of January; she paid 5s. a week - I had no other lodger for two months, and have no family of my own - as the prisoner could not pay me I told her to go away; she came on Friday morning, the 13th, and asked if I would give her leave to stop till Monday, as she was going out to look for apartments, and she would pay me 10s. on the Saturday night - I gave her leave to stop; she came again, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and returned a shawl, which I had lent her - I did not see her again till she was in custody; I went out about six o'clock that evening, and went up to my drawers for a sovereign from a pocket-book in a drawer in my bed-room; the door of which was locked, and I had the key - I got the sovereign, and came down; I came home about ten o'clock, and concluded they had gone to bed - I got up next morning, about eight, and as they did not come down as usual I supposed they had left- I went up to my bed-room about two o'clock that afternoon, and found the door locked as usual; I went to the drawer, which was not locked - I opened it, looked into my pocket-book, and found three sovereigns gone, which I had left there when I took out one the night before, - I then missed from another small drawer, two brooches and a ring; and from another drawer, five damask table-cloths, worth 2l. -I had had them about fourteen years; I missed the other linen stated in the indictment - I had been to the drawer on the 8th, and every thing appeared safe.


                  BRIDGET 
                  AYLMER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Peter 
                  Aylmer
               



            . -The prisoner and her husband came to lodge at our house in Sampson-place, Stepney, on the 13th of January, and staid till the 16th, when the prisoner was taken: she took the lodging by the week, and paid me 10s. beforehand of her own accord; I saw none of the property.


                  GEORGE 
                  GRAY WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, of High-street, Stepney. On the 10th of January the prisoner pawned three table-cloths and one shift; and on the 11th, a necklace, two brooches, and a table-cloth, for 4s.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I took her 10s. on Saturday night, but she was out.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years more
            . (See page 259.)
