





861. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WOODHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, 4 live tame rabbits, value 18s.; 1 live tame pigeon, value 2s., and 1 belly-band, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Shadbolt
               




            .


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  FOX
               



             (Police-constable N 32). On Saturday the 30th of March, I was on duty in Kingsland-road, and saw the prisoner with a bag. - in company with another man; I went into the tap-room of a public-house where they went - I saw the bag on the table; I asked the prisoner what he had got there - he said, "Some rabbits;" he assisted me in opening his bag, and I saw four rabbits in it - he said he had them from a man in the tap-room, to whom he pointed; the man made no answer - I told the prisoner I should take him to the station; he said he was not in a burry for ten minutes, he should drink his beer - I found a pigeon in the prisoner's pocket.
Prisoner. You never saw me go to the house in Kingsland-road - I told you I bought the rabbits in Hackney, and came down Hackney-road.


                  RICHARD 
                  HAWKES
               



             (Police-constable N 40). I was sent for to the Dutches of York public-house - I saw the prisoner there; I said to him, "Harry, what is the matter?" he said, "Your mate charges me with stealing some rabbits;" I said he must go to the station - he looked at a young man who was there, and I suspected there would be some difficulty in securing him, and I sent Fox for another officer; I saw the prisoner take this belly-band from his pocket, throw it to a man in the tap-room, and the man threw it into the coal-box - when the officer came I took it out of the coal-box; I took this bag out of the prisoner's pocket, and a pigeon, which was dying - this belly-band is marked 
               H. 
            Shadbolt; I found the prosecutor and showed him the same rabbits and pigeon - the prisoner said he got it of the same man as he got the rabbits of


                  THOMAS 
                  SHADBOLT
               



            . I live at Enfield-highway


. I saw the property, and knew it to be part of what I lost from my coach-house last Saturday fortnight, the 30th of March - my house is nine miles off.
Prisoner's Defence. It is impossible I could have done the robbery - I should have been stopped by the Police atEdmonton; I bought them at Hackney of a poor, man who cannot afford to attend.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
