





426. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HUNT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 1 table-cloth, value 10s.; 10 shifts, value 10s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 3 pairs of socks, value 1s.; 9 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 1 pillow-case, value 2s.; 4 curtains, value 3s.; 10 caps, value 13s.; 2 frocks, value 4s.; 6 towels, value 5s.; 18 napkins, value 10s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 6d., and 4 pincloths, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Bulstrode
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 basket, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ashbolt
                        



.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  TRIGG
               



            . I am shopwoman to Mr. Christopher Bulstrode. On the 13th of December the prisoner came to his shop, and said he came for Mrs. Ashbolt's linen - she washes for us; I told Hergest of it.


                  MARGARET 
                  HERGEST
               



            . I live with Mr. Bulstrode. On the 13th of December I gave the dirty linen to the prisoner in a basket, which belonged to Mrs. Ashbolt; the linen was Mr. Bulstrode's, and consisted of the articles stated -I thought he came from Mrs. Ashbolt, and gave it him for her; I gave him a bill, as usual, and he put it into his pocket.


                  MARY 
                  ASHBOLT
               



            . I wash for the prosecutor, and on one occasion the prisoner had assisted my daughter to bring some linen from there - I never sent him for any linen in my life, and I never received the linen in question.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PARRETT
               



            . I am a Police-constable. Mr. Bulstrode lives in Paddington-street. On the 15th of December I saw the prisoner in the morning, in Phoenix-street -I asked how he came to be out so soon; he said his parents had been ill-using him - I took him to the watch-house, and in the morning I sent for his parents; I heard his father say to him, "Where have you been? you have been out ever since Monday - Limbrick has been looking for you;" I then heard something about some linen that Mr. Bulstrode had lost; I went there, and found they had lost some - I went back to the station, and some person had brought part of the property and this basket; another parcel I found at a marine-store shop - the servant came and identified the property.


                  MARY 
                  HARDIMAN
               



            . I keep a marine-store-shop in Fitzroy-place. On the 13th or 14th of December the prisoner came and brought me some dirty linen - he asked if I bought old clothes; I said sometimes - he said he had some dirty linen to sell, which he brought from his mother, who lived round the corner, close at hand; I asked what he wanted for it - he said 4s.: I gave him 2s. for it - there were two shifts, two pairs of stockings, three pairs of socks, three children's night-gowns, two children's shifts, and four children's night-caps - I suppose it would cost 1s. 3d. or 1s. 6d. to wash them.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
