






1158. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM HENRY 
                     BARNARD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GOODMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, 3 silver table-spoons, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Augustus 
                     Thrupp
                  




               
            .
ALICE DEANE. I am servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Augustus Thrupp
               



            ; he lives in Spanish-place, Manchester-square


. On the 7th of April I was at home, with another servant; there came a double knock at the door about half-past twelve o'clock - I went, and saw the two prisoners, who were strangers; Goodman asked if Mr. Thrupp was at home; I said No - he then asked if Mrs. Thrupp was; I said No; he asked if it would be long before they returned - I said in half an hour or an hour; Barnard said,"You had better leave your name;" they both came into the hall, and asked me to lend them a pen and ink; I fetched one from the front parlour, leaving them in the hall; then Goodman asked me for a piece of paper - I brought the paper, and they went into the dining-room; I said, "Write it here at the side-board" - Goodman then wrote "Mr. White," and they went away; master came home soon after, and what he said caused me to look, and I missed the three spoons from the dining-room.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Did you hear your master say that he had had money from the prisoners? A. No; he has got the spoons back - he has got back all that he lost; I had not seen Goodman before - I do not know how soon I saw him afterwards.
COURT. Q.How long altogether were they with you? A. Not more than five minutes - I am sure of them both.
JAMES PICKET. I live with Mr. Gofton, a pawnbroker. I have three spoons, which were pawned by Barnard, on the 7th of April; Goodman was standing in the second box from him at the time.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever said you were sure of Barnard, but not of Goodman? A. No; I took the spoons to Queen-square, but the prosecutor had them in his possession before that, for he threatened us with an action of trover, and we applied to the Magistrate about it - these are the same spoons.
JAMES McCARTHY (Police-constable T 115). I took the prisoner on the 16th of April.
JOHN -. I am Mr. Thrupp's servant - these are his spoons.
Cross-examined. Q. Did your master go before the Magistrate? A.Not in my presence; he did not attend to prosecute this case; I swear that I do not know that he has received from the prisoners any money; I have not heard him say he would not prosecute; I know the spoons by the crest and the initials - I have been there eight years.
Goodman's Defence. I beg to state, that my fellow prisoner and myself are totally unacquainted with each other.
MR. CLARKSON called.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  AUGUSTUS THRUPP
               



            . I am the prosecutor -I have not received any money to forego this prosecution; I had some money brought to me by the parents of Goodman; I cannot swear to the amount, but it was something less than the articles came to; the prisoners were in custody at the time - I believe it was not quite so much as 7l. 19s.; it was between 7l. and 8l.; I have paid about half-a-crown more than I received for them - I did redeem them; I did threaten the pawnbroker with an action of trover before the prisoners were apprehended, and before I received the money - I had given half the money they were pawned for, when they were returned to me; I applied the money I received to the redemption of the property.

COURT. Q. Did you apply to the parties? A. No; they applied to me; I have not promised to forgive this felony - I got: the spoons by a threat of an action of trover, and some time afterwards I saw an account that the prisoners were in custody - I sent my servant to see them; Goodman's mother came to me to intercede for him - I found his family was in great distress, and he has expressed great contrition; I did not wish to prosecute, but as the spoons had been sworn to by my servant, I could not compromise my own character.
BARNARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
GOODMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
