



1479. 




MARY BEDFORD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of April, at 
St. George's, Bloomsbury, 6 sovereigns, the monies of 



Edward Bell, her master, in his dwelling-house.






FANNY ANN BELL
. I am the wife of Edward Bell, who keeps the Crown in Thorney-street, in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury. I rent the whole house—the prisoner came into our service on the 11th of April, and on the 19th I went to my drawer to take some gold, and missed 6 sovereigns out of 30l.—they were safe on the 17th, and wrapped in paper, and folded in a pair of stockings—the prisoner had bees in my room shortly before I missed them—I, went down and informed my husband—I first missed five, then went up, and missed another—the prisoner afterwards came down, and gave me the key of the bed-room—she was immediately given in charge—the constable went up to search her box—she took her pocket from her person, and in that was found one sovereign and a key—I tried that key, and it opened the whole of my drawers in the chest where the money was kept—she was directed to prepare to leave the house—I saw her reach up and take something out of a small safe in the kitchen—she closed her hand, and on my requesting her to open her hand and show what she had taken, she refused—I called the officer, and before he came she threw something from her hand to the grate, and I there saw the constable and Mr. Hone find four sovereigns—the prisoner was to have had eight guineas the first year.


Prisoner. All she has said is false—I gave my pocket up to the policeman, and there was a sovereign and the key of my box in it. Witness. It was a common lock—she had no box that the key belonged to.

Prisoner. It was a box I had at another place—the sovereign was my own, and also another which I gave a man to redeem a dress with—as to the four, I know nothing of them—they keep a bagatelle table, and various people come there.

JURY. Q. When did you see the money? A. On the 17th—we have a lad, but no other servant—the. door was kept locked.





GEORGE PALMER
 (police-constable E 17.) On Friday morning, the 19th of April, I was sent for to the house, and took the prisoner up stairs to search her box. I then said, I must search her person—she threw her pocket on the bed, and there I found one sovereign and a key—I gave the key to Mrs. Bell—I brought the prisoner down stairs, and left her in the kitchen with Mrs. Bell—I was then called into the kitchen, and Mrs. Bell said in her hearing, that she had thrown something on the kitchen range—I immediately searched the range, and picked up a sovereign, and Hone gave me three more which he took from the range—the key found in the prisoner's pocket would not open her box—I tried it to Mrs. Bell's drawers, and it opened them easily.

Prisoner's Defence (written.) "I had in my possession part of a dividend I receive annually—the money taken from my pocket was my own—I declare the key belonged to a box which I have—I am a widow, and have 3 young children."




GUILTY
.* Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.
