





1504. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     NICHOLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, 30lbs. weight of litharge, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Wallis
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  JAMES 
                  POSFORD
               



             (Police-constable S 50). I know the premises of Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Wallis
               



             and another, varnishfactor
's in Maiden-lane


. I was on duty there on the 25th of May, and was told to watch their premises; about ten o'clock in the evening I heard a whistle, and saw the prisoner getting over the fence out of their premises - I saw something drop; I went to the spot and picked up this paper of litharge - the prisoner ran down a tile-shed; I went and took him - I knew him before.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. Where did you take him? A. In Mr. Adam's tile-kiln, about ten o'clock at night; I never knew that he worked for Mr. Adam's - it was dark, but we turned our light on; he was not out of our sight.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Wallis
               



             and another. I do not know the prisoner, but I know this litharge; it belonged to my master: this bag was on our premises.
Cross-examined. Q. Had your masters any of that litharge that day? A. Yes, a great deal; I never said we had not so much as this in the house that day - I do not remember saying so; I did not say we wanted some of it.


                  EDWARD 
                  SHAYLER
               



             (Police-constable S 187). I was watching the premises; I had seen the prisoner in the evening, and about ten o'clock, when we were near the premises, we heard a whistle - I heard something fall heavy from the fence; I went and saw the prisoner come from the fence - he ran about thirty yards, and we took him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him come over the fence? A. I heard him jump from the fence, and saw him on the bank under the fence.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY WALLIS
               



            . I am in partnership with George Wallis. I sent 30 lbs. weight of litharge to our shop on the 15th of June, and I believe this is part of it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not, on the first examination, say you were in want of that article? A. No, I did not.

Prisoner's Defence. The officer accused me of getting over the wall; I was going over with him, and he said he heard something drop - I would make him go back and look, which we did, but could not find it: I was then taken to the watch-house; and on the Saturday he told the Magistrate he did not find it for three-quarters of an hour after.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
