





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
188. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     EVERETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on 12th December
, at St. James's, Clerkenwell, 8 yards of woollen cloth, value 6l. 10s. and 1 pair of trousers, value 10s. the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Rawlings
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Harry 
                        Hopkins
                     



.
THOMAS RAWLINGS. I lodge at No. 10, Myddleton-street, Clerkenwell


, in the house of Harry Hopkins, who rents the house, and lives in it - on the 12th of December I was in the kitchen - a little boy at the top of the stairs called out, and gave me information - I ran up and ran out, and saw the prisoner walking, with this cloth under his arm - I ran and hallooed out; and then he ran and threw it down at the corner of Gloster-street - I took it up, then followed, and he was secured - this is the cloth - (looking at it) - it measures 8 1/2 yards; and here is a pair of black trousers with it - I know them to belong to a baker who I work for - they hung over a line - I had them in my care - I had seen them five minutes before in the shop - the cloth is worth 6l. 10s. or 6l. - the trousers are worth about 10s.



                  NATHANIEL 
                  BARKER
               



            . I live in Macclesfield-street, City-road - I was in the opposite house, and saw the prisoner come out of the shop with the cloth - Mr. Rawlings went after him; I pursued and saw him drop it - I followed and brought him back.
CHARLES PEARCE. I am a constable - the prisoner was given into my charge - I have had the cloth ever since.
THOMAS RAWLINGS. This is my cloth - the house is in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going across Clerkenwell - a man ran after me and took me into custody - I am innocent.
THOMAS RAWLINGS. I lost sight of the prisoner after he had thrown the cloth down - I followed him for three minutes before I lost sight of him.
NATHANIEL BARKER. I saw him drop the cloth - I took him myself - I did not lose sight of him at all.
JAMES WILD. I have been in very extensive business in the woollen line for 30 years past - there has been a considerable advance in woollens lately, but I judge, to the best of my knowledge, that this is worth 12s. a yard; that is the outside of the value to purchase it; I should think I should sell it for 14s. a yard, but I can't speak accurately, by this light - the trousers I am not a judge of.
JOHN STOGDEN. I am a tailor, and live in Hatton-garden - I have known the prisoner nine years, five of which he was in my service, until June last - I have known nothing of him since, but believe he lived with his parents - his character was strictly honest; I trusted him with money; he possessed the entire confidence of my partner and myself; he had the control over 300l. or 400l. of stock every day; we never lost a shilling.


                  John 
                  Moore
               



            , a builder, of Fetter-lane; 
               
                  James 
                  Ward
               



            , of St. John-street; and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Staple
               



            , oilman, of Castle-street, Oxford-street, also deposed to the prisoner's good character.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            . - Recommended to mercy by the prosecutor, on account of his previous good character.
