






1950. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DEADMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     YEOMANS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July
, 1 cap, value 3s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Higginson
                        




                     
                  ; and that Deadman had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HIGGINSON
               



            . I am a hatter
, and live in Crawford-street, Marylebone


. On Saturday, the 7th of July, I was in my shop, and had three gentlemen there; my attention had been called to my shop door, from having previously seen the prisoner lurking about, and I had told him to go off - I saw Deadman take the cap from about one yard inside the door; I pushed the gentleman on one side, and pursued him - he had not got past the window before he saw me; he gave the cap to Yeomans, then pulled off his shoes, and ran off; I pursued, gave an alarm, and he was taken.


                  ROBERT 
                  DOCKERY
               



             (Police-constable D 56). I heard an alarm, went to the spot, and took Deadman.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY THOMPSON
               



             (Police-constable D 4). I apprehended Yeomans on the 9th of July - I charged him with being in company with Deadman; he said he had left him at seven o'clock in the evening at the corner of Seymour-place, which is but a few yards from the prosecutor's.
Deadman's Defence. I was walking along, and the gentleman said I took his cap.
Yeoman's Defence. I never saw it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . (Police-constable D 13). I have a certificate of the conviction of Deadman, which I got at Mr. Clark's office; I took the prisoner at that time, and know he is the person.
DEADMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.
YEOMANS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
