




2012. 




EDMUND POWNALL
 was indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Sherlock, on the 
13th of August, at 
St. Mary, Lambeth, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 22 yards of linen-cloth, value 6l.; 1 watch, value 3l.; and 1 pair of ear-rings value 9s.; his goods: and 




THOMAS WHITE



 for feloniously receiving 7 yards of linen cloth, value 3s.; and 1 pair of ear-rings, value 9s.; part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






HENRY SHERLOCK
. I live in Pownall-terrace, Kennington, in the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth—I am the housekeeper. On Sunday morning, the 13th of August, I went out, leaving nobody in the house—I re turned about half-past eight o'clock—it was dark—I went into the back parlour—my wife tried the drawer in that room, and found the lock had been forced—the key of the cupboard was kept in that drawer—next morning we missed some linen from the first floor front room—from a box which was open, and a watch from a trunk in my bed-room—the trunk was locked—I found an opening made in the tiles of the roof of the house—I afterwards found the prisoners in custody at Tower-street station house, and Pownall said he had got into the house by the roof, by displacing the tiles, that he got into the loft, and then into the front attic, and that he took a pair of ear-rings from the drawer—on returning home, I missed the ear-rings—I have since seen my watch, which is worth 3l., and ear rings, worth 8s. or 9s., and a piece of Irish linen, worth 6l.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did he not say he found the street door open, and went in, and took the things while the family were at breakfast? A. No—he told me himself, at the police-office, that he got in at the roof, and I mentioned it to the Magistrate, and the clerk took it down—I thought it was read over to me, but it is not in my deposition, and must have escaped my notice (the deposition being read, omitted to state this fact)—my house is next door to the prisoner's—the linen is now in two pieces—I had not cut it—there are twenty-three yards of it—it is worth 5s. 6d. a yard at the wholesale price—it is very fine.





HENRY BESSANT
. I live with Mr. Wasson, of Mount-street, Lambeth. I produce a pair of ear-rings, which were pawned by the prisoner White, on Monday morning, the 14th of August, about eleven o'clock.





DAVID PEARSON
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information, I went, betweeen nine and ten o'clock on Monday night, the 14th, to the house where White lives with his father, in Chesterton-street, Kennington, and saw him—I asked him if he knew any thing about the robbery over the road—he at first said no—I asked if he had pawned any thing—he said, "Yes, a piece of linen"—I said, "Where did you get it?"—he said, "From young Pownall, and pawned it for 10s. at Mr. Philmer's"—I said, "Is that all you have pawned to-day?"—he said, "No, I pawned a pair of ear-rings"—I said, "Is that all?"—he said, "Yes, that is all I pawned, but Pownall has pawned a watch at the same place that I pawned the ear-rings"—I went and took Pownall, and he denied all knowledge of it—I fetched White to him, and directly he saw him he acknowledged that he had stolen the property, and pawned it; he said that he got in through the tiles, and he gave it to White to pledge—he said at first that he walked through the passage, and went up at the time the prosecutor was at break fast; but afterwards he said he got out of his father's house, which is next door, into the prosecutor's through the tiles, and that he cut seven yards of linen off in his father's room, and sent it to be pawned for 10s. by White—at the station-house he said there was a piece of linen concealed in his father's loft—I went and searched the loft, and found this linen con cealed behind a large piece of mahogany.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure he said he got in through the tiles? A. Yes—I told the Magistrate so—I do not know whether it was read over to me or not, but I stated it—he begged me not to mention it, but I did—I did not mention about his saying he took the linen to his father's house, and cutting it there.





GEORGE WHARTON
. I live in Mount-street, Lambeth. I produce a watch which was pawned, on the 14th of August, by Pownall—he merely requested 5s. on it—it is worth about 35s.—I would advance 25s. on it.





SOLOMON AUSTIN
. I am shopman to Mr. Philmer. I have a piece of Irish linen which was pawned, on the 14th of August, by the prisoner White, in the name of Smith, for 10s., between three and four o'clock in the afternoon.

JURY. Q. Are you in the habit of taking in pledges of such boys with out more particular inquiry? A. We are always very particular—I asked him his name, the number of his house, and whether he was a lodger—I thought he was sent by his mother to pawn it.

White. It was not him took it in. Witness. It was me, and the ticket is in my handwriting—I did not ask if it was his own—I should say the watch is worth 3l. to me, and the ear-rings 9s.






GEORGE WHARTON

re-examined. The linen is worth 3s. 6d. a yard—I should sell it for that.

MR. PAYNE
to
WILLIAM SHERLOCK. Q. Was there other property in your place? A. Yes, in the drawer—there was no money, but there was plate, spoons, and a silver ring and necklace.

JURY. Q. Was there any intimacy between your family and Pownall's to lead him to run in and out of your house? A. Certainly not; quite the contrary.
(Catherine Britten, of Duke-street, Lambeth, gave Pownall a good character.)

POWNALL—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor on account of his youth.—



Confined One Year, and then 


Transported for Life.

WHITE—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Recorder.

