



514. 




PETER THOMAS TADMAN
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of December, 1 carriage, called a phaeton, value 84l., the goods of 



William John Felton.


MESSRS BODKIN and ALLEN
conducted the prosecution.






JACOB STONE
. I am confidential clerk to Mr. William John Felton. I had some conversation with the prisoner, about hireing a cabriolet—I saw him in Westbourne-place, where he inhabited a house, elegantly furnished—he described the whole of the furniture as belonging to himself—in consequence of what took place there, I let him a cabriolet—I saw him again I think, on the 28th of December—he said the cabriolet was lent to his steward to wait upon the gentlemen who were going on this excursion, and he wanted a carriage for a month, to drive Mrs. Tadman about—upon that I let him a phaeton, at the rate of six guineas a month—this was on the 28th—he was to fetch it away the next day, 29th, but he did not come for it till the 30th, about twelve o'clock—I afterwards received information, and waited on him, respecting this carriage—I found him at Westbourne-place—I asked him where the phaeton was—he said at the ship livery stables, at Brighton—he said he had been to Brighton himself, but he came up, I think he said the night before, by the mail, and he had left it there with some friends—I made some enquiries at Brighton, and afterwards found the phaeton at Robinson's repository, in Little Britain—I am sure it is the same carriage as the prisoner hired.

Cross-examined by
MR. DUNBAR., Q. Was it exposed for sale? A. No. it was in the coach-house, beyond where the cabriolet was—in a detached place—separate form where the carriages stand for sale—it was nearly new—in a forced market it would fetch 60l.—I should think a man could have raise more than 50l. upon it—Mr. Felton was not present when this transaction took place—I quite parted with it on hire—when we let things, we enter them in a book—the persons who hire do not sign it, except in particular cases, where they are let for a given time—or so—there was no stipulation, that if he paid me a sum of money, at a certain time, he should have this phaeton.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you see the person you were referred to first of all? A. Yes—his name is King, he in Gray's-inn-square, and is an attorney, I believe.






HENRY AGATE
. I am clerk to Mr. Robinson of Little Britain he keeps a repository for the sale of horse and carriages, The prisoner came there first on the 21st of December, and again on the 29th—he said he had got a cabriolet-phaeton, and wished an advance upon it—I told him we had no objection if he brought it down for us to see it—he brought it on the following day, with a horse and a boy in livery, or a man with it—we advanced 21l. upon it—we never took it to Portsmouth or to Brighton—I showed it to Mr. Stone.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it such an article that at your place, any where else, he might have received 40l. on it? A. Yes—he never mentioned any price for it.

COURT. Q. Supposing a party not to be found, what should you do with it? A. We should give notice in four or five months to the party, or by an advertisement, and then sell it by suction.





JOSEPH PAUL
. I am a house-agent. I let the prisoner a house at No. 4, Westbourne-place, the furniture was Miss Sophia Beville's—there was a Chinese screen there, with a mahogany frame, and lined with India paper.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you say that was the screen that the prisoner showed? A. No; I am only say that the screen on the premises when I took the inventory, and when I let them to the prisoner's steward, was the same that was on the premises when we took possession again—he had pos—session from the 9th of December, till he was taken—he did not carry the screen off—he might have had another screen on the premises—there were a few other things in the house when he left it, but not 2l. worth.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You have been asked if he carried off the screen; did not carry any thing else off? A. Yes the drawing-room carpet.





JACOB STONE

re-examined. Q. Did you ever receive a farthing for the hire of this carriage? A. No—he agreed to hire it for one month, but said he might keep it two or three months.

Prisoner. Did I not hire it for three months, and agree to pay 15l., for it, and half of it was to be taken from the price of the phaeton? Witness. No. 


GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years longer.
