





Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
324. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     GUINAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, at St. Martin-in-the-fields, 1 table, value 6l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Whitaker
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WHITAKER
               



            . I am a furniture-broker
, and live at No. 10, Long-acre, in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-fields


 - on the 20th of January I had a rosewood cardtable in my shop - it stood full eighteen inches inside the shop - it is an open shop - it was safe at ten minutes after four o'clock; and a few minutes afterwards I missed it, in consequence of information that I received from the witness - I had been at tea in the back-parlour, and left nobody in the shop - in consequence of information, I went out, and turned into Rose-street, and saw the prisoner walking quietly away with it on his shoulder - I said,"My friend, have you taken this table through distress?" on which he swore at me in a most dreadful manner, and attempted to throw it off his shoulder to break it - I caught it in my arms, put it into a green-grocer's shop, and caught hold of the collar of his coat, and held him against a brewer's dray till assistance came and took him - he made a most dreadful resistance, and kicked me in my private parts - the table is worth 6l. 10s. - that is the selling price - I asked thirteen guineas for the pair, and cannot take less than 13l. - it is second-hand - I gave ten guineas for the two - I bought them together.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it at an auction you bought them? A. No; I bought them of Mr. Evans, cabinet-maker, High Holborn - he is a manufacturer - I cannot say how long they have been in use - in the day-time, the shop-front is entirely out - I have no shop-boy - I saw them safe at ten minutes after four o'clock - I could swear it was about twenty inches inside the shop, but I said eighteen, to be quite certain - no part of it was outside - I had pulled it more into the shop for safety when I went into the room to tea - I could not have seen it in the parlour if I had left it where it was - the prisoner did not tell me that a gentleman directed him to carry it, and promised him eighteen-pence, nothing of the kind.
COURT. Q. Do you live and sleep at the shop? A. Yes: the shop communicates with the dwelling-house, and is part of it.


                  JOHN 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I live in Angel-court, Long-acre - I keep a fruit-stall at the corner of the prosecutor's house, at the corner of Angel-court - on the 20th of January a young chap who is here, asked me if I had seen the table taken - I said I had not - I ran to the end of the court -I saw a man with it on his shoulder - I ran back and told the prosecutor - he was going along Rose-street with it - I only saw his back.


                  CHARLES 
                  COOKE
               



            . I live at Mr. Silk's, No. 8, Longacre, next door to Mr. Whitaker - on the afternoon of the 20th of January I saw the man take the table on his shoulder - it was the prisoner - I cannot say where the table stood, but I saw him take it on his shoulder - I had only just come out of master's shop - whether it was inside the shop, or outside, I do not know, but I saw him whip the table up on his shoulder very quick, and run off with it - I saw him take it up - he was just by the shop-front when I saw him take it on his shoulder - I saw nobody near him at the time - I am sure he went up Rose-street - he walked very quick.
Cross-examined. Q. How far were you from the shop when you saw him take the table? A. About a dozen yards, on the same side of the way - I could see him - he made no resistance with me - he said nothing till he came before the magistrate, when he said a gentleman gave him eighteen-pence to take it to New Church in the Strand.
Prisoner's Defence. A gentleman met me at the corner of Rose-street, as I was talking to a young woman who lodged with me twelve months before - the gentleman asked me if I wanted a job - I told him I did - he said if I would take the table to the corner of New Church, to the booking office, he would give me eighteen-pence, and the woman said, "Go on, you cannot get eighteen-pence every day" - I took the table - he said he had to call in King-street, Covent Garden, and would meet me - I was coming from master's at the Savoy, Strand, at the time, where I had done a day's work.
Susan Bland; Honoria M'Donald; Michael Ryan, carpenter and builder, of Golden-street; 
               
                  David 
                  Henessy
               



            , tailor, Buckeridge-street; and 
               
                  John 
                  Hickie
               



            , publican, St. Giles's, gave the prisoner a good character.
GUILTY - of 


               stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 34 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
