





1513. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WILKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of May
, 2 cans, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Wallis
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  JAMES 
                  POSFORD
               



             (Police Constable 
               S
             50). On the 30th of May I was in Maiden-lane, Battle-bridge, at the back of Mr. Wallis' premises - I heard a voice say "What shall we break the door open with?" I stood still, and saw the prisoner come over the pales with a can in his hand - he ran into a tile-shed - he dropped the can, and I fell over it - he had dropped one can when I saw him come over the pales.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. How high are the pales? A. I should think five or six feet - it was light enough at that place, but he ran down into a tile-shed, which was dark - he made his escape then, and was taken by another officer the next morning - I had known him before, and I knew his house - I was waiting round his house all night, to see if he came in or out, but he did not - I never had any quarrel with him - I remember the Saturday night previous to this - I was on duty the whole night, but I did not go into any beer-shop.


                  EDWARD 
                  SHAYLER
               



            . I was with Posford - what he states is correct - I took up the two cans, and the next day I found the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q What time was this? A. A little after ten o'clock - I know he has a wife and five children- I was not drinking on the Saturday night.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY WALLIS
               



            . I am in partnership with George Wallis - these are our cans, and were in our factory- I know them by the labels on them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
