





1434. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DUNCAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, 3 hats, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Perring
               




            .
JOHN PERRING. I am a hatter
, and live in the Strand


. I have missed hats at various times for the last six months - the prisoner had been in my employ, and was discharged about two months since. On the 25th of June I missedsix hats from the front part of my shop; I had received information on the 23rd, and set the officers to watch.


                  ROBERT 
                  PATTENDEN
               



            . I met a boy and the prisoner in company, coming up the Strand, and having received information from the shop-boy, I went back, and watched; the shop-boy, was opening the shop, and the prisoner walked to and fro - he went in, and came out again without any thing; he waited a bit, then went into the shop, and came out with three hats, walked towards Charing-cross with them, and was taken by the Police.
Prisoner. That witness met me on Friday night, and told me he was going to bring six hats out on the Saturday night; he agreed to go with me to fetch them out, and to pay me 4s. for my trouble. Was you not in my company on Friday night? Witness. Yes - you said you was going on Saturday morning, and I agreed to go with you.


                  JOHN 
                  WEST KING
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I watched Mr. Perring's premises on the Saturday morning, and saw the prisoner come out of the shop with three hats - he was taken into custody by Hollings, but not in my presence; I am positive he came out of the shop with the hats.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLINGS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was watching the premises on Friday and Saturday; I saw the prisoner come out of the shop with three hats under his arm - I followed him about one hundred yards, and apprehended him with them.


                  CHARLES 
                  SOUTHCOTT
               



            . I was with the officers - I saw the prisoner go into the shop, and bring out three hats.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was with the witness on Friday. night, and agreed with the shop-boy to buy six hats of him- he said six were too many to bring out himself, and agreed to give me 4s. to bring out three.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
