





1131. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PUZEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 coat, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Pitman
                  




               
            .
CHARLES PITMAN. On the morning of the 13th of April I was at the Coach and Horses, in St. Martin's-lane


, between one and two o'clock - there were several other persons there; the prisoner was one - there was a light in the room, and the waiter put it out; I had a coat under my arm, and a handkerchief round it - I felt the bundle pulled from under my arm; I mentioned it to the prisoner, who was then outside, in a watchman's dress; he said he knew nothing about it, so help him God, and there were nothing but bad characters in the house - I went out, found the Police-constable, and mentioned it to him -the prisoner did not say any thing about any other person, man or woman.
Q. Recollect yourself, you have been examined before, did he not say who he thought had got it? A. No he did not.


                  JOHN 
                  RATTRAY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was on duty on the 13th of April, in St. Martin's-lane - the prosecutor spoke to me; I afterwards saw the prisoner come out of the public-house - I asked if he knew any thing about the young man's coat; he said he did not know any thing at all about it - that he had been in among a parcel of w-s and thieves, and if he had been robbed of his coat it must be among them; the prisoner is a private-watchman - I said it was very strange that a man should be robbed of his coat, and he be inside and not to know any thing about it; he said so help him God he knew nothing at all about it - I saw something projecting under his coat, and asked what he had there - he said Nothing; I said,"Come, Jemmy, let us look;" I unbuttoned his coat, and took out this bundle, with the prosecutor's coat in it, wrapped up in this blue handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the house - the prosecutor and one or two females had some gin; they wanted more, and the landlord refused to let them have it - they insisted upon having it; he put out the light, and said he would not serve any more - he came round to push them out; I opened the door, and picked up the coat - I thought I had a right to it, as there was another man there, and I did not know who it belonged to; when I came out the prosecutor was gone, and the Police-constable came and took me - I did not do it with intent to steal it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
