







Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
1532. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MANEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Crook
                        




                     
                  , on the 10th of September
, at St. Mary Matfelon, alias Whitechapel, and stealing therein 23lbs. of sugar, value 17s. his goods
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I was staying with George Crook at the time in question - I am not in his service - he keeps a grocer's and cheesemonger's shop
, in Rosemary-lane, in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel


 - his mother is my aunt - I slept in the room adjoining the shop - on the morning of the 10th of September, I was awoke, between two and three o'clock, by my aunt - I looked through the parlour window adjoining the shop, and, in a few minutes, I saw a lump of sugar go off a shelf, on some raw coffee - it fell, and rolled over towards a square of glass, which was cut, and went through it - I ran out, and called "police," and saw three men going up Dock-street, which is at the corner of our house - one of them was fifty yards from our house, and the other two were following him - I observed Smith had a glazed hat on, and a lump of sugar under his arm - the other two were following him - I gave an alarm; called, "Police;" and, in the mean time, a man, dressed like a sailor, came up, and said something to me - the policeman came up, and, with the sailor, went in pursuit of them, and, in about ten minutes, returned with the prisoners, Smith and Davis - Smith had a glazed hat on; and they brought the sugar back with him - the sugar was marked, "8 1/2d.," in ink, in my handwriting - I had fastened up the shop about eleven o'clock the night before - it was safe then - I found the glass had been cut - there are outer shutters, and they were doubled together, pushed one before another - they were forced out of the grove with a chisel both top and bottom, and then the glass broken.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who is the owner of the house? 
               A. George Crook
             - he has no partner- he was not living in the house at the time, but at another shop in Somer's-town - there was no servant of his living in the house - only me and my aunt - I am in his brother's service - my aunt is Crook's mother - she never lived at the other shop - Crook's brother is named Charles - he pays none of the rent - I do not know much about Dock-street- it is very much frequented by sailors - a glazed hat is a very common dress.


                  JACOCIA 
                  CROOK
               



            . I was sitting up that night, lying on the sofa - I heard a noise about two o'clock - I could not exactly say what it was - I again heard a noise like glass breaking - I went and alarmed my nephew - I am housekeeper to Mr. Crook.
Davis to R. HARRIS. Q. You say you came to the door and saw three men running away - I want to know if you can swear I am one of them? A. I cannot say, I can only swear to the other by the glazed hat.


                  ARTHUR 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am a policeman. On the morning in question, I was on duty about half-past two o'clock - there was a cry of police - I ran towards the alarm, and saw Harris standing at the shop-door in his shirt - he gave me information, and I saw the shop-window broken open, and the shutters on one side - he said three men had run down Dock-street - I followed down the street, and into two dark places, and at the bottom of the street I looked to my right up East Smithfield - I saw Trower and Cummings, two policemen - I came up to the three prisoners in a dark corner in Cooper's-court, Blue-anchor-yard, about one hundred yards from the prosecutor's - they were in the corner of the court - it is a large wide court - I took Smith who had a glazed hat on - I brought him outside, and sprung my rattle - two other constables came down, and we went in search of the sugar, and found it inside a door where they were standing - the other two prisoners were taken - I showed the loaf of sugar to Harris as I passed the shop with the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know whether any people lived in the house in which you found the sugar? A. There were some people up the stairs - they were in bed - I went up stairs and searched the whole house - the sugar was in an empty room on the ground-floor - the prisoner'swere in a dark corner of the court close to the door of the house - when I put my hand on Smith he was about a yard from the door - the door of the house was closed - one of the constables gave it a gentle push, and it opened - if it was fastened it was very slightly done - we went in, and in the empty room we found the sugar in the middle of the floor.
JESSE TROWER. I am a policeman. I was on duty - directly the alarm was given I went into White's-yard and into Blue-anchor-yard - I was in company with the sailor Evans- Clay came to my assistance - I was with him when the prisoners were found - I did not see the sugar found - I found the prisoners in the corner of Cooper's-court.
Cross-examined. Q. How far is the court from Crook's? A. It might be four or five hundred yards - about a quarter of a mile, but I cannot say exactly - I opened one or two doors in the house, but my prisoner was rather restive, and I proceeded to the station-house - I did not open the door of the house the sugar was in - Cummings was with us.
COURT. Q. Which prisoner had you in charge? A. Maney - when I first took him I went into one house, and when I came out he tried to make his escape - I called the sailor to go with me to the station-house, and as we went along Maney said, if he was as big as I was he would see me *** before I should take him, using a bad word.


                  THOMAS 
                  CUMMINGS
               



            . I am a policeman. I was with the other officers, and found the prisoners in a corner of Cook's-court, all three together - I secured Davis - I did not ask him any questions - he said, "I have nothing to do with it, I do not know them" - I said, "You do know the other prisoners," I knew that - he said, "Yes, but I had nothing to do with the robbery."
Cross-examined. Q. Who opened the door where the sugar was found? A. I do not know; I did not see it found - the prosecutor's house is between four and five hundred yards from the court, I imagine.
ROBERT HARRIS re-examined. That is the loaf of sugar- Evans the sailor has absconded - here is my mark on the loaf of sugar.
Davis's Defence. I was returning home along Rosemary-lane, and met the prisoners - they asked me to go and have a pot of beer - I went down Blue Anchor-yard, and knocked at the door of the King of Prussia, but received no answer - Maney went down the yard to ease himself, and, being longer than usual, I went down the court to see what he was about - an officer came and took us.
Maney's Defence. I went up Shoreditch, and spent the evening there - I was returning home, and in Rosemary-lane I met Smith at the top of Blue Anchor-yard - I asked him to have something to drink - I was rather intoxicated - he said he would - I was going to the King of Prussia to get it - I met Davis in the road, and asked him to have a share of the beer - I knocked at the door of the public-house and got no answer - I wanted to ease myself, and went down the court for that purpose, and after buttoning up my clothes the officer came and took me.
(
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dartwell
               



            , bricklayer, of No. 48, Lambeth-street, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Welch
               



            , rent-gatherer, of Rosemary-lane, gave the prisoner Maney a good character; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Omer
               



            , gunsmith, No. 8, Chamber-street, Whitechapel, and 
               
                  Francis 
                  Curwin
               



            , Tailor, Rosemary-lane, gave the prisoner Smith a good character; and - Carey, a mariner, gave Davis a good character.)
MANEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.






               Transported for Life
            .
