






Before Mr. Justice Park.
2309. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SHARP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously disposing of, and putting away a forged 5l. Bank note, with intent to defraud the 
                     
Governor and Company of the Bank of England



.
2nd COUNT, stating her intent to be to defraud 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chambers
                  



               
            .
3rd COUNT, stating it to be a promisory note for payment of money.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHAMBERS
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Marchmont-street, Russell-square


. On the 1st of October, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came and bought 2lbs. of sugar at 10d., 1 lb. of 8s., and 1 lb. of 6s. tea; they came to 15s. 8d. - she tendered me a 5l. note; I asked her address - she said "Jackson, No. 33, Russell-square," which I wrote on it in her presence - this is the note; I immediately suspected it was forged, from the appearance of it altogether, and knowing that Mr. Mocatta lived at No. 33, Russell-square - I went out, leaving my wife in the shop, pretending to get change, but to find a Policeman, who I brought into the shop.
Cross-examined by MR. JONES. Q. Did you ask her what address you should put on the note? A. Yes; I did not endeavour to get her liberated after giving her in custody.


                  HUGH 
                  CASH
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner in Mr. Chamber's shop; I asked her in the shop where she received the note - she said she had it from a gentleman who stood at the corner of a street - that his name was Jackson, and he lived at No. 33, Russell-square; she said she was so respectable, she could not walk through the crowd to the station-house, and desired a coach - we went in a cab.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you offer to go with her to see for Jackson? A. I did, and went past the spot, but could find no one where she said he stood; she did not ask me to go to Russell-square.


                  GEORGE 
                  KING
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Mocatta, of No. 33, Russell-square, and have been so two years. On the 1st of October nobody of the name of Jackson lived there, nor during the time I have been there; the prisoner never lived there.


                  JANE 
                  WATSON
               



            . I live with my uncle, who keeps a straw bonnet shop at Aldgate. The prisoner came there about nine o'clock in the evening of the 20th of September, and looked at several bonnets - she fixed on one at 24s., and gave me a 5l. note; I asked her address - she gave me "Jackson, No. 140, Commercial-road," which I wrote on it at the time, with the date - this is the note; after writing the address I gave it to the boy to get changed, which he did; I gave her the change and bonnet - the note was returned next day from the Bank, marked "Forged."
Cross-examined. Q. Is not yours a large business? A. Rather - there was another person in the shop; I had not seen the prisoner before - the gas was lighted; she was in the shop about a quarter of an hour; I did nothing but attend on her; I saw her again in a fortnight, and have not the least doubt of her - she had a shawl and straw bonnet on; I knew her person and her face - she was without her bonnet for several minutes, trying others on.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATSON
               



            . I have been to the Commercialroad; there is no such number as 140.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES HARRIS
               



            . I am a clock and watchmaker, and live in Upper East Smithfield, near the Tower. The prisoner came to my shop on the 29th of September, about nine o'clock in the evening - I am certain of her; she asked to look at two rows of coral beads which were in my window; they were shown to her, and she asked the price - I said 22s.; she hesitated several minutes about the price -I said we never made two prices; she agreed to buy them, and paid me a 5l. Bank note, as it appeared to be; I asked her name and address - she said, "Jackson, No. 22, Lucas-street, Commercial-road;" I wrote on the note, in her presence, "Miss Jackson," but did not put the address - she saw me write it; this is the note - it has my own name under the name; I fetched the change down stairs, locked the note in my own chest, and brought down 3l. 18s., which I gave her with the heads; I paid the note to the receiver-general - it was returned to me on the Tuesday following, stamped "Forged."
Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite certain the prisoner gave you the note? A. Quite; I pointed her out at Newgate this day week, from a number of females, who were all in a row; I knew her directly I looked at her, and so did my young man - I never said I could not swear to her - she was nearly a quarter of an hour in my shop.


                  JANE 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I occupy No. 22, Lucas-street, Commercial-road, and am married. On the 29th of September nobody named Jackson lived there, nor at any time; the prisoner never did - I never saw her till to-day; I have lived there two years and a half.


                  JOSHUA 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am an inspector of Bank notes. These three notes are all forged in every respect; they are all three signed "R. Kelly," in the same hand-writing, and all from one plate.
Prisoner. I am not the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
