



2183. 




WILLIAM DAVIS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of July, at 
Willesden, 25 spoons, value 17l.; 13 forks, value 10l.; I mustard-ladle, value 5s.; I fish-slice, value 5l.; 3 seals, value 6l.; 2 pairs of sugar-tongs, value 1l. 10l.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 1l. 10s.; I toasting-fork, value 5s.; 3 shawls, value 3l.; 2 watch-keys, value 2l.; 1 watch-chain, value 8l.; 3 rings, value 2l.; 2 slides, value 16s.; and 15 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



Samuel Orchard, his master, in his dwelling-house.






SAMUEL ORCHARD
. I keep the King William the Fourth public-house. The prisoner was in my employ for three weeks—on the 24th of July I found my cash-box broken open, which I kept locked in a drawer in my bed-room—I found the drawer and the box both broken open, and fifteen sovereigns gone—I missed all the plate mentioned in the indictment from the drawer, and six silk handkerchiefs—both the locks were forced—I discovered it about a quarter before twelve o'clock in the day—I had seen them safe over night—the sovereigns and cash-box I saw at half-past eleven o'clock at night—about a quarter to twelve o'clock in the day I heard the landing door of the stair-case slam two or three times—I went up stairs to my bed-room, and saw the prisoner standing at the drawer which was broken open, and stood wide open—his arm was leaning on the drawer—he bad no business in my room at that time—when the windows wanted cleaning he had—I asked him what he did at that drawer, who sent him there—he was confused, and could not give me an answer for some time—he went to the window, and said at last, he went there because he heard a little dog barking—I said, "This drawer has been broken open"—he said, "You do not think I could do it?"—I said, "Who else can I think to have done it?"—I called for Mr. and Mrs. Browning, and said, I had been robbed, and when I made the alarm, the last prosecutor called out, "I have been robbed too"—I sent for a constable, and gave him in charge after some time, but I did not like at first to do so, for while he was with me he was always so just and accurate in his business—I found a knife in the drawer where the cash-box had been broken open—I had rang for the prisoner to come to me three or four times about a quarter of an hour before I found him where he was, and he did not answer the bell, which it was his duty to do.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is there any waiter's bell there? A. Not exactly, but we always engage the waiter to answer the bell when the tap-boy is out with his beer at twelve o'clock—the bell rings into the yard.






ELIZABETH BROWNING
. I am cook to Mr. Orchard. I made hit bed and left the bed-room about eleven o'clock on the morning in question—I dusted the drawer which the cash-box was in—the drawers were all perfectly close—I then went down into the kitchen—at twelve o'clock when I went about my business, I missed a knife from the kitchen, which was afterwards found in the drawer—I had used that knife between nine and ten o'clock that morning.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not later than that? A. Not when I used it I am sure—it was a black-handled knife—it is here—there was a dozen of them—I had not used it about half-past eleven o'clock—when I cleared the breakfast things away, I used it to cut the bread and butter—I know it was that identical knife—I left master's room as near eleven o'clock as I can guess—there are five rooms in the house—there is a sitting room adjoining master's bed-room, but nobody had been there that day.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Must the person, who took the knife, have taken it out of your kitchen? A. Yes.





GEORGE COLLETT
. I am a constable. The prisoner was given into my custody on the 23rd of July—as I took him to the station-house, I asked him if he had ever seen his master's plate—he said, "No"—I said, "Nor I have not seen any"—he said, "Don't say any more than you can help, or else you may get me remanded for a week or two."

Cross-examined. Q. Why, what could you say about it, you could know nothing about it? A. No—I went to the house about twelve o'clock, and was told they suspected the prisoner—he said I was exceeding my duty in taking him.

MR. ORCHARD.re-examined. I lost, among other things, six silk handkerchiefs—the robbery was on Wednesday—on the Friday after I found two of those silk handkerchiefs on the tiles of the wash-house, covered over with the top of the water-butt—after I gave the prisoner in charge, he said he had taken same medicine in the morning, and was quite sick—in consequence of that he was allowed to go into the yard by himself—he went there four or five times—the wash-house is dose by where he went.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did not the officer go with him? A. Not every time—I believe he did more than once—I went to the door myself, and saw that he went to that part of the yard where the handkerchiefs were found—he could very easily have put the handkerchiefs there without being seen, because the passage is very narrow—the top of the wash-house is seven or eight feet high, or it might be nine, but a little ladder, was placed by the side for the boys to go to the water-butt to dip the water out—such a knife as this would open my cash-box—it had been broken open, once before, and the lock was not perfect—I have found no property except the two handkerchiefs—he was not searched for an hour or two after he was taken—he denied his guilt all the way through—there was a dog in the yard, but not under my bed-room window—I had a very high opinion of the prisoner's honesty, and had no reason at all to suspect any thing of the sort—there are two water-closets—he went to both of them, I believe—I am sure he went to the one opposite the kitchen door—that is some distance from where the handkerchiefs were found—I have had them both opened since—it was an hour I think before the constable came—the prisoner was at large during that time in the house, and in the yard—I am certain he did not leave the premises—I had not my eye on him

all the time—I was ill, and was so affected I was obliged to lie down—he had been only three weeks in my service, and he came with a false character—he did not refer me to Mr. Moore of the Bald-faced Stag public-house—he said Mr. White had sent him, but I made inquiry of Mr. White, and found he had not—he said he had lived at the Bald-faced Stag.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

