




373. 




JOHN ARLINGTON
 and 




WILLIAM WRIGHT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of December, 6 brushes, value 2s., the goods of 



Henry Morgan, and that Wright had been before convicted of felony.






MARY HANNAH MORGAN
. I am the wife of Henry Morgan, a broker, of Ray-street, Clerkenwell. On the 4th of December I had been out, and when I came back I missed six brushes from the window-ledge—they had been tied together—I had seen them safe half an hour before—my man was shutting the shop up when I went out—I have not seen the brushes since—Fann, Burn, and Wilson, gave me information.





ANDREW BURN
. I live in Three Pigeon-court, Ray-street, Clerkenwell. On Thursday evening, about a month ago, I was with Wilson and Fann—I went to Morgan's shop with my brother's tea, and saw the prisoners standing there—I saw Arlington take the brushes from the shop, and both run away together with them—Wright was in his company, and went after him—he could see him go into the shop to take the brushes, and he joined him when he came out.





JOSEPH FANN
. I live with my father, in Ray-street. I was with Burn, and saw the prisoners looking into the cook-shop, next door to the prosecutor's—I then saw Arlington go on the top step of the shop and take the brushes out of the window—Wright was at the next house, and ran after him—both ran together up the green, and met together on the green—I saw them together for five minutes—we told the prosecutrix of it.





JOSEPH WILSON
. I live in Three Pigeon-court. I was with the other two boys, and saw Arlington take some brushes—Wright ran after him—I saw them talking together.





ROBERT GOSWICK
 (police-constable G 205.) I took the prisoners into custody, on information which I got—Arlington's father brought him to me.





JOSEPH COOMBS
. I am a constable of St. James, Clerkenwell. I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office—I was present on the 28th of November, 1833, when Wright was tried and convicted—I was a witness, and know him to be the same person mentioned in the certificate—(read.)

Arlington's Defence. I never saw Wright.

Wright's Defence. I had nothing to do with the brushes.

ARLINGTON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

WRIGHT*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Seven Years.
