



2425. 




CHARLES SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of September, 1 sovereign, 4 shillings, and 3 half-pence, the monies of 



George Fidler, from the person of 



Marcy Fidler.






CHARLES GOVER
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Nash-court, Londond. On the afternoon of the 11th of September, I was near the Monument, about half-past one o'clock, and at five minutes before two o'clock, I noticed the prosecutrix there—I saw the prisoner, and watched him—he stood behind the prosecutrix two minutes—the was looking over the rails where the young woman who threw herself off had fallen—she was driven away by the policeman, but returned and stopped about three minutes longer, and the prisoner was there at the time—I saw him lift up her pocket and take something, and leave suddenly—I went after him, and saw him put some silver into his pocket—I went to the prosecutrix, and asked if she had lost any thing—she said, "Yes, some silver and a sovereign."

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. There were a great many persons there, was there not? A. Yes, and a good deal of confusion—I was about two yards from the prisoner—sometimes persons in the crowd were before me and sometimes not—I saw him lift up the prosecutrix's pocket and me, something—her pocket was not outside her dress—he put his hand under the gown—I suppose it to be her pocket, but I did not see it—I am in business for myself as a shoemaker—I have lived in Nash-court about twelve months—I do not keep a shop—It is a small house, and I am the housekeeper—my occupation is in Cutler-street, Petticoat-lane—I sell second-hand shoes there—I was never a witness before in a case of this sort—I gave information of what had taken place to the prosecutrix's husband

—the prisoner did not go out of my sight—he was taken about fire yards off—he was alone.





MARCY FIDLER
. I am the wife of George Fidler. Gover came up to me near the Monument, and asked if I had lost any thing—I put my hand to my brooch and found it there, and said, "I believe not"—he said, "Examine your pocket," which I did, and said, "Yes, I have lost a sovereign and some silver"—I had no pocket-hole in my gown, but found a small opening had been made in my gown by ripping it—I might also miss a few half-pence.

Cross-examined. Q. You had no pocket on? A. Yes I had, but no pocket-hole—I got at it by lifting my gown up—I had no more money about me than what I lost—I had 4s. in my pocket as near as I can say.





GEORGE ELLIOTT
 (City police-constable, No. 230.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 11th of September, in Monument-yard—I searched his pockets on the spot, and found some silver, some halfpence, a comb, and a Jew's harp—he said the money was his own, he had robbed nobody—I took him to the station-house, and there asked what he had in his mouth—he was about to answer me—I heard something rattle against his teeth—I instantly seized him by the throat, and a sovereign fell on the table.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he at any time tell you he had received this money from a master who he lived with? A. He said so at the station-house—he said before the Magistrate that it was 1l. 9s., or 1l. 9s. 6d.—I am not positive that he said he received it from his master—I did not find any papers on him—this bill was produced by him at the Mansion-house, to confirm his statement—he had been in the Computer, and in the lock-up place, and there any person has access to a prisoner, and can give them any thing—I found neither knife nor scissors on him—after he dropped the sovereign he said he had lost a handkerchief, and put the sovereign into his mouth for safety.





MARCY FIDLER

re-examined, I had 4s. in silver as near as I can say.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
