



2095. 




ELIZA LAMB



was a indicted for stealing, on the 
3rd of September, 1 sovereign, 1 crown-piece, and 3 shillings, the monies of 



Richard Welch from his person.






RICHARD WELCH
. I am a boatman at Paisley, in Staffordshire, in the employ of Massrs. Pickford. On Saturday the 3rd of September I was at the house of Ann Hixson, and saw the prisoner there—I did not know her before—I had no drink myself—half-a-gallon of beer was fetched into the hose—I took two sixpence out of my—I had sovereign a crown-piece,

and three shillings in it—the prisoner was present—I do not know whether she could see the money—the purse was in my left-hand trowsers pocket—I had been drinking before, but had no beer there—I fell asleep in the room, and slept perhaps for three or four hours—the prisoner did not leave before I went to sleep—she was gone when I awoke, and my money was gone—there were others in the room besides the prisoner at the time I went to sleep—I found they were all gone—I gave an alarm about it, and went to search for the prisoner—I saw her late at night against Ann Hixson's door—I asked Hixson if she was the woman I had been seeking, as I was not quite sure—Hixson said she was, and accused her about the money—the prisoner denied it several times—I threatened to fetch the police if she did not give it up—she then gave me 5s. 6d. and cried, and said that was all she had got—she said he had been to the fair, and spent 10s., and did not know what had become of the rest—she did not mention what fair—after she gave me the 5s., 6d., I said if she would make it up to 10s., and make it up 10s., more when I came from my next voyage I would make no more bother about it—she kept telling me she had got no more—she went to the top of the stairs—I thought she was going to get money down to make up the 10s., and asked her if she was going to get me any more—she made use of bad language, and told me to come up stairs, and take it out of her, if I wanted any more—I fetched a policeman, and gave her into custody.





ANN HIXSON
. I am a laundress, and wash for the carriers I live in Hullterrace St. Luke's—the prosecutor came to my house on Saturday the 3rd of September—the prisoner was there at the time—he produced a purse—every body present could see he had money—he went to sleep—the prisoner was still there—she sat right opposite him—I was tired myself and went to lie down leaving her in care of the place—after lying down a little while I heard somebody come into my room, and though it was the prosecutor—I turned my head, and saw he prisoner rising up from the side of his person—form the front of him—there was bed in my room, on which I was, and I thought she was taking the boots from under my bed—she went up into her own room, and shortly after she came down and said she was going to the fair—Welch was asleep when she got up from him, and slept some hours—the prisoner asked me to go to the fair, but I refused—when Welch awoke, he asked me for a light to go to the water-closet—I gave him a candle when he returned, accused me of the money,—after eleven o'clock at night the prisoner knocked at the door—Welch met her on the step of the door, and asked if she was the person we had been looking after—I said she was—I then accused her of the money and begged her to give it up, if she knew about it—she denied it very much at first, but at last said, "I have robbed you, and am sorry for it. and 5s. and 6d. is all I have got:" and she gave him the 5s. 6d—he said, if he would make it up to 10s., and promise in my presence to pay 10s. more he would freely forgive her, rather than neglect his work—she said she had no more—that she had been to the fair with George, who she lives with, and had spent the other—she went up stairs, and I heard her say what the prosecutor has stated—I fetched a policeman.





HANNAH JOHNSON
. I keep an eating-shop in John's-row at the fair time—the prisoner came there to sup on Saturday, the 3rd of September—there was a boatman with her—the supper came to 1s. 2d., and she gave me a sovereign or half-sovereign, I am not certain which.

Prisoner. It was half-crown. Witness. I am quite sure it was gold.






MATHEW PEAK
. I am a policeman. I was sent for to Mrs. Hixson's—an officer had been there before—Welch said if the prisoner would give him a sovereign, he would make it up—she said, if he would wait till Monday, she would pawn her gown to make up the rest of the sovereign—there was 6d. in halfpence on the table she said it was all she had—I found 6s. in a band-box in her room—she said she had pawned her husband's shirt for that.





DANIEL COLLINS
. I am a policeman. I took her into custody—I went up to the room where she was in bed—she produced 1s.6d. in copper, and said she did not rob him.

Prisoner's Defence. I never touched a farthing of money out of his pocket—I went to take the boots—there are many persons in the house besides me—I never said I was going to the fair.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Basanquet.

