







Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
350. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DAVIES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September


, 2 sheets, value 7s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; and 2 towels, value 1s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Dalton
                        



                     
                  , her master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , against the Statute.
EDWARD DALTON. I keep the Holland Arms, Kensington






. The prisoner Davies lived with me as cook
 about three months - I did not miss anything then, but she was taken into custody about three months after she left me, and on her were found several duplicates, which related to my property - I have known Powell all his life; he was a neighbour's son, and was a kind of errand-boy in the neighbourhood.


                  RICHARD 
                  SWAN
               



            . I live with Mr. Wells, a pawnbroker, in High-street, Kensington - I have a pair of sheets pawned by a man on the 17th of September, in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Powell
               



             - I believe the prisoner is the man.


                  GEORGE 
                  KING
               



            . I live with Mr. Bird, a pawnbroker, in Long-acre - I have a book, pawned in August; a handkerchief, in July; and a gown and a shift, pawned in September - they were all pawned by a man, two of them in the name of William Powell, and two in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Timbs
               



             - I do not recollect the person.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOSEPH WEST
               



             (police-constable C 15). I took the prisoner Davies, and found in her box fifteen duplicates relating to this property, and that of Mr. Lee - the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Powell
               



             is on some of the duplicates - I went to the Holland Arms, from information, and found the prisoner Powell bedding up some horses - I asked him if he knew the cook who had lived at the Holland Arms - he said"Yes" - I said, "Did you pawn anything for her?" - he said,"No, by my God, I never did" - he denied it several times- I told him to be cautious, as what he said I should have to tell in another place; and that I had some duplicates with his name, in full length, on them - he then said, "I will tell you all about it: I went to the back of the house, and the cook threw the pair of sheets out of the two-pair window, and I caught them and pawned them."
Property produced and sworn to.
DAVIES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.
POWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
351. 
               
                  ANN 
                  DAVIES
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing on the 24th of October


, 4 table-cloths, value 1l.; 1 sheet, value 3s.; 1 shift, value 3s.; 3 pair of stockings, value 6s.; 5 handkerchiefs,value 10s.; 1 apron, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 2 pillow cases, value 1s.; and 4 books, value 3s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Hugh Richard 
                           Lea
                        



                     
                  , her master
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUGH RICHARD LEA
               



            . I am a licensed victualler
, and live in Oxford-street




 - the prisoner came into my service on the 17th of August, and left me in the beginning of January - she was soon afterwards taken, and the officer told me he had found some duplicates on her, relating to some property of mine.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LYALL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker - I have a number of articles which the prosecutor claims - this table-cloth and petticoat were pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker - I have a table-cloth, a shift, and several other articles; the tablecloth was pawned by the prisoner for £1.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for seven years more
            .
