



951. 




JEREMIAH CADOGAN
 was indicted

for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



John Wilson, on the 
8th of February, and stabbing, cutting, and wounding him upon his left breast, with intent to murder him.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to maim and disable him.—3rd COUNT, to do him some grievous bodily harm.







JOHN WILSON
. I am a seaman; the prisoner it the same. I never knew him till the 7th of February, when I saw him on board a ship at St. Katharine's Dock, but had no words with him at all—on the 8th of February, after eight o'clock in the evening, I went to the Anchor and Hope, East Smith-field, with Bartlett, a shipmate, up to a back room—the prisoner was standing in the archway with another seaman, and as I passed them to go into the room, the other seaman told roe to mind how I passed by, or I might get the skirt of my coat cut off—(I had a frock coat on—frock coats are unusual for sailors)—I told him I did not think he would do it, or any body else—I was passing on, and he and his companion began to quarrel about cutting my coat off—I did not hear what they said—I told them to behave themselves, and not quarrel, and I walked away from them; and just as I was going to leave them, the prisoner came and struck at me—I was in the room about three minutes—I was standing talking to a shipmate, and had no time to get any refreshment before the prisoner came up to me and struck me—I cannot recollect where, because as he came up, I pot myself in an attitude for defence—we had a bit of a row first in the passage—I struck him after he struck me, before I went into the room, there was a sort of fight between ns for two or three minutes before we got into the room; blows were exchanged on both sides—I then got from him, and went into the room; and as I was talking to a shipmate, he came up and struck me before I was aware of him, on the back of my neck—I then placed myself in a fighting attitude, and blows were exchanged between, us—about four others then overpowered me, and get me down among them—I got up again, and the prisoner was standing at the table, ready to fight with me again—I went towards him, and we both struck at once—I saw blood spirt right in my face, but I did not know where it came from—it was three or four minutes between my being thrown down, and the blood coming, for my shirt was torn to pieces, and I had to take it off before I went to him again—I did not see any thing in his hand—he was stooping down to the table when J went towards him, I could not see what for—I saw no knife, or any thing—after the blood spirted, a man came and told me I was stabbed, but I do not remember what passed afterwards, until I was down in the tap-room, and the doctor came to me—the prisoner had the advantage at first, but I believe, had I not been stabbed, I should have had the next advantage—I was struck by them all, and knocked down among them—I knew them to be his shipmates—I was hurt under my left shoulder—it is almost healed up now, and my health is good—the doctor stopped the blood.

Prisoner. I was in liquor, and do not recollect anything about it—I did not know the man was stabbed till the morning. Witness. I cannot say whether he was drunk, he did not appear to me so—I was not perfectly sober, but not in any way drunk—I had been at work the whole day—I had drank about two gills of whiskey during the day.





JOHN SMITH
. I am a farrier. On the 8th of February, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was at the Hope and Anchor, in the room where this happened—the prisoner and prosecutor were both strangers to me—I was perfectly sober—the prisoner and his shipmates first came in, and had two pots of half-and-half—they had been drinking, but all appeared sober—I believe he had five shipmates with him—they drank the half-and-half, and were in the act of going out, when Wilson and his shipmate were coming up the passage, leading from the bar into the tap-room, where I

was—I heard a row in the passage, between the prisoner and Wilson, what about I cannot say—they were talking and fighting—I went into the passage, and saw the prisoner strike Wilson in the passage—the prisoner's shipmates were keeping him from fighting Wilson, who did not seem to want to fight at all—the prisoner ran into the tap-room, threw off his coat, and swore by Jesus Christ, "Where is he, let me get him, I will kill him"—Wilson was not in the attitude of fighting when he was struck—he was standing apart, not wishing to fight at all, his hands were down by hit side—Wilson then came into the tap-room, with some of the prisoner's shipmates, to have refreshment—the prisoner ran to him, and struck him again—Wilson turned round in his own defence, and struck at the prisoner, but did not hit him, as he stood a little way from him—they sparred, and Wilson was knocked down several times by the prisoner—Wilson was defending himself then as well as he could—he was knocked down by the blows of the prisoner alone—Wilson was stripped—he had nothing but his shirt on, and the wrist was doubled over his hands—he pulled his shirt off after that, and the prisoner was standing by the table, as if he was feeling for something—Wilson went up, and struck the prisoner, who was stooping at the table—I cannot say where Wilson struck him, but he hit him, and the prisoner returned the blow with a knife in the left breast—I saw him draw the knife from a sheath at his side, and strike him on the left breast—he then threw the knife out of his hand on the floor, and resumed the fight with Wilson, as if nothing had happened—I immediately took up the knife, and showed it to the company, standing round the room—I ran to Wilson, and grasped his wound, where the blood was flowing from him in torrents—he did not know he was stabbed at first—he fought one round after he was stabbed, and was knocked down over a bench by somebody, I do not know who, but two more of the prisoner's shipmates were before the Magistrate, and discharged—I stopped the blood as well as I could—he told me he was not stabbed, chucked my hand away from the wound, and told me to let him go, that he was a dead man, that he should die by him—I told him he would recover—I took him down to the bar—Howard, the policeman, was coming up the passage, and I gave the knife to him—the blade was covered with blood, half way up—somebody went for a doctor, who refused to come—Mr. Gurney came in about a quarter of an hour—Wilson was in a very weak state—he seemed to know what was going on—I held the wound to stop the blood till Mr. Gurney came.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see roe have a knife? A. Yes; I saw you draw it from the sheath at your side—it hung by a belt at your side—you had not your coat on at the time—you threw your coat down in the tap-room—you were in your shirt-sleeves—you dropped the belt down behind the bench—you had the belt round your waist, round your trowsers, inside your coat—you had a pilot coat, which you threw off—Wilson had not a coat on—he came in in a red shirt, without any coat on—he had a waistcoat on.

Prisoner. The prosecutor said the quarrel was about his coat. Witness. I understand that happened on board ship before he came there—the prisoner had been drinking but knew perfectly well what he was about—Wilson appeared perfectly sober, and knew what he was about—the prisoner had the advantage during the fight, till the latter end.





JAMES HOWARD
. I am a policeman. I was fetched to the Hope and Anchor, about eight o'clock in the evening—I was close to the house at

the time—I asked Smith for a knife, which he gave me—it was all over blood, and wet at the time—I produce it—I have had it ever since—I went up into the tap-room, and took the prisoner—I told him he was my prisoner, and must go with me—he said, "Very well, I will go" and went very quietly—I got this belt and sheath from M'Donald—the prisoner had been drinking, but was not drunk—he knew what he was about—he walked very well.





ANGUS M'DONALD
. I was in the room when this happened—I did not see any body draw a knife, nor see it in any body's hand till I saw it in the possession of Smith, after the prosecutor was stabbed—I picked up a belt and sheath on the opposite side of the room to where the prisoner stood, about three minutes after the prosecutor was stabbed—I had not observed whether the prisoner had such a belt on—I saw the prisoner strike Wilson a blow, and at that very instant a noise came as if water was gushing out—I looked at Wilson, and saw the blood coming from him—the prisoner resumed the fight as if nothing had happened—Wilson was standing in his own defence—I had observed the prisoner stooping and feeling about his trowsers with both hands, immediately before this blow was given—there was a meeting between them, and I heard the blood ooze like water—whether it was a knife or not I cannot tell—it must have been the blow I saw that caused the oozing of blood.

Prisoner. Q. Had Wilson a coat an when he came in? A. I did not see him enter the tap-room.





THOMAS CUMMINS
. I am a policeman. I was with Howard, and took the prisoner to the station-house—several people accused him of stabbing the man on the road—he denied it, saying he had no knife, nor belt—this was both going along, and in the house too—he afterwards said he did not stab him, he knew who did stab him, and said, "I will be d—d if I will tell"—he had been drinking, but knew what he was about.





JOHN GURNEY
. I am a surgeon. I was called into the Hope and Anchor, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, and found the prosecutor—a good deal of bleeding had taken place from a wound about an inch and a half below the collar bone, between the first and second ribs—the wound was about two inches, extending obliquely upwards towards the wind pipe—it was about half an inch deep—I closed the wound, and stopped the blood—he was rather low and exhausted from the previous loss of blood—it was certainly a dangerous wound, as the upper lobe of the left lung was slightly injured—he expectorated blood—if it had been a little lower, and passed between the ribs, it would have penetrated the lungs and the large vessels of the heart, and death would have immediately followed"—this knife is an instrument likely to have done it—I have no doubt the blow was struck with force, from the nature of the wound—the man must have been in a stooping attitude at the time, which prevented it going further—the rib prevented it from entering further.





JAMES THOMPSON
. I am a surgeon. I saw the wound—in my judgment, it was rather of a dangerous nature—it the knife had passed deeper or the pointed side downwards, it would have caused death instantly—he is nearly well now.

Prisoner's Defence. My shipmates and I came ashore, and drank all day together, as we were to sail next morning—I saw one of his shipmates, who had been with us to New York—he had left his clothes in our vessel, which I took care of, thinking he would come home in the next ship, and

he did—I did not have all his things right—there was a coat one of my shipmates had taken on the passage, which I did not know of, and when he came on board for his clothes, he asked if they were all right—I said, "Yes," I believed it was all correct—he said there was a bag of clothes besides his chest—I had not seen it, but I found the bag and his clothes with one of my shipmates, who it seems had cut about six inches off the coat tail to disguise it—I told the man to say nothing about it, as he had got his coat, and he said he would not—we came into the Anchor and Hope, and as we came in, Wilson was standing in the passage, and said, "I should like to see some of the crew that cut my coat tail"—I said, it was not me, "I am not the man that cut it," and then it commenced—it was the first scrape I was ever in—he struck me, or I should not have offered to strike him—I have suffered enough for my conduct since—if I had not been in liquor, I should have kept clear from fighting—directly I saw the knife, I knew it belonged to Reeve, a shipmate of mine, who was in the room at the time, but sailed in the ship next morning—one more of my shipmates was taken, and one of the prosecutor's shipmates—the ship sailed next morning, and left me destitute of every thing—I am an American and a stranger.





JOHN SMITH

re-examined. I saw him draw the knife from the sheath on his right side.




GUILTY on the 3rd Count. Aged 27.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.
—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

