



58. 




GEORGE WOOD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of October, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 6d.; 1 key, value 4d.; and 4 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



David Weway, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






DAVID WEWAY
. I am a silk-weaver, and live in Nicholl-street, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green; the prisoner is my apprentice. On Sunday night, the 23rd of October, between eight and nine o'clock, I gave my wife four sovereigns and my watch—I saw her lock them in a box, and I brought the keys down stairs—I missed them on Monday evening—between four and five o'clock the boys were called down to tea—there were two besides the prisoner, but he did not come down as usual—we inquired where George was, and understood he was gone to the play—I had strong suspicions, and went up stairs, unlocked my box, and missed the four sovereigns and my watch—I stated my suspicions to the police, and H 26 apprehended him about three hours after—3l. is the value of the watch—I am sure it is worth more than 1l.





MARY WEWAY
. I locked up the four sovereigns and the watch on the 23rd of October, and brought the keys down stairs.





HENRY BARKER
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information, I went to apprehend the prisoner in Wheler-street, Spitalfields, on the 24th of October, at about eight o'clock in the evening—I found him, and took him to the station-house—I found four sovereigns in his waistcoat pocket—I saw him take out of his fob a silver watch, and give it to my brother officer—I have the sovereigns.





SAMUEL MILTON
. I am a policeman. I was in company with Barker—as we were going along, the prisoner seemed shuffling something out of his pocket—I seized his hand and kept it in his fob till we got to the station-house—he then pulled the watch out and gave it to me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
(The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that his master's house was receptacle for stolen property, and for some reason or other he wished to get rid of him.)





HENRY BARKER
. I was present in this Court last April, when the prisoner was convicted—I have the certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read)—I am certain he is the man—he was convicted of robbing the present prosecutor, who promised to take him again, and he did so the day he came out, after six months' imprisonment.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

