





692. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MYDDLETON
                  




               
             was again 


               indicted for feloniously receiving 1 painting, framed, value 15s., and 1 tea-pot, 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Augustin 
                           Scheuren
                        




                     
                   (to the stealing of which 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Martin
                     



                   pleaded guilty), well knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  AUGUSTIN 
                  SCHEUREN
               



            . On the night of the 27th of January
, at eleven o'clock, when I went to bed, my house was all fastened; I got up next morning about half-past seven - my daughter was down stairs before me, and called me down; I found the till broken open, and some halfpence gone - I missed a table-cloth, a picture, and china tea-pot; the house was entered by four iron bars being taken out of the cellar window, and a door which was padlocked was forced open - they had then got up stairs; I found all the doors open - the tea-pot was taken, and the lid of it had fallen off at the door, and a penny loaf which laid with it; I found the painting in Myddleton's lower room, hanging up, and a piece of writing paper was pasted over the name of the Dutch vessel which the picture represented - we took the piece of paper off, and the name of the ship and the captain was under it; I keep a beer-shop
 - I saw Martin there two days before the robbery.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the picture hang in the room? A. Yes - the tea-pot stood on a sideboard.


                  JAMES 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I went to search Myddleton's house on the 2nd of March - I found the painting hanging up, when I took Martin there; I afterwards took the prosecutor to the house - he identified it; it hung in the front room - a piece of plain paper was pasted over the name of the vessel; Myddleton was not at home then - I saw her afterwards; she said she had bought it twelve months ago.
Prisoner. I said two months. Witness. I am sure she said twelve months.
Cross-examined. Q. How long after you apprehended Martin did you take it in your possession? A.About an hour and a half - I noticed it there when I took him; I am sure she said she had had it twelve months, and the tea-pot the same time; she had got forty duplicates.
AUGUSTIN SCHEUREN. It is my picture, I am sure - I have had it fifteen years.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the picture about two months before, with the tea-pot, as I told the man; that is my lid on the teapot - I gave two shillings for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
