






747. The said 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
, 4 blankets, value 16s.; 4 drawings, value 2l. 6s.; 2 sheets, value 2s.; 2 goblets, value 2s.; 1 looking-glass, value 12s.; 2 pillows, value 10s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 2s.; 1 bolster, value 6s.; 2 towels, value 2s., and 1 quilt, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Simon Antonio 
                     Brunette
                  




               
            .


                  VICTOIRE 
                  ELIZABET FRANCES BRUNETTE
               



            . I am the wife of Simon Antonio Brunette; we live in Gloucester-street, Queen-square


. I let a lodging to Johnson under the name of Bolton; he took three rooms on the second floor, ready furnished - he took it for himself and another person, but I do not recollect the other; he came on the 19th of December and left on the 26th - I saw a person go up stairs with him the day before Christmas day, but did not notice him; I heard something from my servant, then went up to their rooms, and missed the articles stated from the lodgings - I did not see Johnson again till he was in custody.
Johnson. I took the lodging for my cousin; he absconded and I left out of fear.
ELLEN MORIARTY. I was in the prosecutor's service on the 19th of December; I recollect Johnson coming there, and the same evening Miller and another came with Johnson - they went out presently after; I have not seen the other since - Miller came again the third night, and remained there; I saw him three times in the room - I waited on them with the tea; Johnson went out on the 26th, and called to me to get his breakfast ready - he did not return till half-past ten; I then took up his breakfast - he said, "I cannot have my bed made to-day, in consequence of my cousin's illness," (he called Miller his cousin,) but I did not see him there at that time; I went down and told my mistress of it - when we thought it time for them to ring for tea, we went up; they were gone, and we missed these articles - we saw no more of the prisoners till they were taken; I had seen Miller there the night before as late as nine o'clock - I do not know whether he went out after that or not; I think he slept three times in the house - I saw him two nights and one morning; I was going down St. James'-street afterwards - I saw the prisoners and Spaul, and had them taken.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How long was Johnson there? A.Seven days; three persons came on the first night - I should not know the third person, I only got aglance of him; he was tall - Johnson said he took the room for himself and his cousin; the two prisoners are the only persons who slept there.


                  HENRY 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Wardour-street; I have a looking-glass, and four drawings pawned by Johnson, for 14s. - I had seen him before.
MRS. BRUNETTE. These are my property; they were to pay 4s. a week for a dressing-room, sitting-room, and bed-room - I only received 2s. as a deposit.
DANIEL CHAPMAN (Police-constable C 38). I took these two prisoners and Spaul.
Miller. I never was in the house.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years longer
            .
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
