



2062. 




WILLIAM MORGAN MORDECAI
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of June, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, 9 sovereigns and 6 half sovereigns, the monies of 




Peter M'Lachlan, his master, in his dwelling house.






PETER M'LACHLAN
. I am a baker, and live at Holborn-bars, in the parish of St. Andrew. I rent the house—the prisoner was in my employ about five months—on the 18th of June I left the house, leaving a little girl at home—before I left I had occasion to go to a drawer in the parlour, and saw a bag containing 12l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns safe—I locked the drawer—this was about eight o'clock in the evening—I returned about a quarter past eleven o'clock, or very shortly after, and I observed the drawer had been opened—I found a knife outside the parlour door which I bad left in the bakehouse—the prisoner was gone when I returned—he had given me no notice—I saw him the next time in custody at Bow street about two months after—my premises are in the City.





SARAH PERRY
. I am fifteen years old, and live with my mother, in Plough-court, Fetter-lane. In June last I was left by Mr. M'Lachlan to take care of the house, and about an hour after he left, the prisoner asked me to fetch him a quartern of gin—I refused, and told him to go himself—he said, "Fetch it in a pint pot and nobody will see it"—shortly afterwards he sent me for a pint of beer—I was gone about five minutes, and he kept me at the door about five minutes before he let me in—I said, "William, why did you not open the door when I first rang?"—he said, "I have been down in the bakehouse to look after some rhubarb"—he went up stairs and brought down a small parcel and his clothes, and said, "When master returns, tell him I will be home in half an hour"—he then left, and I did not see him again till he was in custody—nobody had come into the house from the time the prosecutor had left till the prisoner went away—I had gone out at the prisoner's desire, and when I returned he went out.





JOSEPH SHACKELL
. I am an officer of Bow-street. In consequence of information I received I went to Bristol, and received the prisoner in charge there—on the way to London I spoke to him—I neither threatened nor made him any promise—I asked him how he came to leave his master—he said he did not know what tempted him to do so, but he was very sorry for what he had done—next morning he told me he was very sorry for it, that he had squandered the money away, that he went to Bristol and Portsmouth, and then to London and back again to Bristol—I applied the knife found at the prosecutor's house to the drawer, and it appeared likely to have made the mark.





PETER M'LACHLAN

re-examined. The prisoner was with me about five months—I had no character with him, but he behaved very well while with me up to this time—I do not know how he became aware of my having money in that drawer.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy in consequence of his previous good character.—


Transported for Life.
