



175. 




EDWARD SHEPHERD
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of November, 1 watch, value 11l., the goods of 



James Thomas Packer







JAMES THOMAS PACKER
. I live with Mr. George Ferne, jeweller and watchmaker, Regent-street. I know the prisoner—early in November I went to the prisoner on business for the firm—he said, "I have a lady, a friend of mine, who wants a gold watch; it is not in my way, if you can get me one I will sell it"—I said "If I do I must have the watch or the money the same day"—he said, on the 2nd of November "I shall see the lady—to morrow morning if you will let me have them I will let you have the watches or money before night"—I let him have four watches which I got from a wholesale house on my own account—I said I would pay for them or return them the same evening—he did not same that night, and the following day I went and said to him "I must have these watches back," he said I might have one back which was not finished in the dial plate—I went to him almost every day or night and could not get them back—every time it was, the lady was out, or had left them locked up in her desk—I went on Saturday evening and determined not to leave the house without them—he was not at home, and his wife said he was gone to the Alpha cottages, to see the lady—I said I would wait—he came in in a great fluster, and said, "It is all right, I have brought you two back, and the money you shall have on Tuesday"—I said I must have it on Monday—I went again and again, and on Friday I said "I shall come tomorrow night, and will not leave the place without it"—on that Saturday night he came to our door, as our young men were shutting up, and said, "It is all right, you shall have the money in the morning"—I said it is no use, I shall be at your house and will not leave the house without—I went and was there, he said he had not got it—I said I would wait till he went for it—he said he would have a crust to bread and cheese—I waited, and he went out, came back an said the lady was out and he could not have it, but the should have it in the morning—I said I should not come then, but I should have it one Monday—I have not got it—I found the watch at the pawnbroker's

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where did you get these? A. Of Mr. Upjohn—I was to pay for them or return them—this is the watch, I know it by the number of it.





JAMES HOWELL
. This was pawned by the prisoner on the 3rd of November.




GUILTY
. Aged 37—


Transported for Seven Years.
