






1373. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     LOVELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  REBECCA 
                  WILD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 13 yards of ribbon, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hall
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  EYNON
               



            . I am shopman to Thomas Hall, linen-draper
, Bishopsgate


. On the 11th of April, between three and four o'clock, the prisoners came into the shop together, and asked for some bonnet ribbon, and I served them; Lovell took several ribbons out of the drawer and unrolled them - she attempted to take one piece, but lost it the firsttime, and at last she took it; Wild at last bought two yards, which she paid for - they went out; I went after them, brought them back, and Lovell dropped the ribbon in the shop.
Cross-examined by MR. WALESBY. Q.Can you recollect how many customers you had in the shop? A. Only one while they were there, to the best of my belief -Lovell took the ribbons out of the drawer, and gave them to the other prisoner, after unfolding them, and she put them into the drawer again, unfolded, so that the drawer was in confusion; Lovell reached over the drawer, covering it with her shawl, and took a ribbon, but caught my eye, and dropped it - she made a second attempt, and took it; I think she put it in her breast - I saw it drop from her when I brought them back.
JAMES BLEECHMORE. I am an officer. I took them into custody; I took a basket from Lovell, and found in it another piece of ribbon, claimed by Mr. Rotherham.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Lovell's Defence. I bought both pieces of ribbon in Rosemary-lane, of a young woman with carrotty hair, for 5s. 6d. - she said she would not sell one without the other; as I returned I met Wild, who asked me to go with her to buy some ribbon; I showed her mine, she did not like it -I went with her to a shop in Houndsditch; she bought two yards; I said I did not like it, and put her out of conceit of it, and she asked me to go into this shop to buy another.
LOVELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WILD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoners.
