




2248. 




RICHARD WHITE
 and 



ROBERT POOLE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
24th September, 2 leather straps and buckles, value 7s.; 1 lamp value 1l.; 2 door-plate, value 15s.; 60lbs. weight of lead pipe, value 10s.; 6 door locks, value 12s.; the goods of 



John Wilks Hill: and 1 copper, value 2l.; and 30lbs. weight of lead, value 6s.; being fixed to a building.






JOHN WILKS HILL
. I live in Warwick-place, Peckham, and am the owner of the houses, Nos. 2 and 3 Copper's-row, Crutched-friars; they have been unoccupied a considerable time. On Saturday, the 24th of September, I went to No. 2, and attempted to get in with the usual key that I have always been accustomed to use in opening the door—I put the key into the lower lock, and found it in a very different state to what I had left it in a few before when I came out' I had double-clocked the door—when I put the key in I found it on the single lock—I pushed against the door, and made a considerable noise—I conclude the holt at the top of the door was fastened inside—I immediately suspected some person were inside the house—I requested my eldest son, who was with me, to go to his house, which was nearly opposite, to got the keys of No. 3, to get over the back premises, and see what was going on—the went, and returned in a minutes or two, as he was approaching with the keys—I saw White come out of No. 3, and as he was passing the down the loser stop of the door, I took hold of him by the arm—he was going up the street, towards Trinity-square—I said, "My good Sir, what have you been about in this house?"—he said, "Nothing, I have not been in the house at all, I was only passing"—I said, "You must stop till I have better proof of that," and just at that moment four or five person gathered round the door—one of them said, "There is another man come out of the other house"—that turned out to be Poole—I immediately turned round and took hold of him—he said, "What are you going to do with me?"—I said, "You have been in that house, I must know what you have been about"—he said, "I have been passing down the street"—I said, "that is impossible"—on that a young woman came over, and said, "Mr. Hill, I saw that man come out of the house the day before yesterday, with a large copper on his shoulder, containing a considerable quantity of lend"—I then sent for an officer and gave them in charge—he took them to the station-house—I then opened the door, which I could not do before, with the same keys—I went into the back kitchen of No.2, and saw it in a deplorable state—I found the brick-work, which contained the copper, broken the copper gone, and the lead-work in the sink was loosened all round, ready to be moved—a pump was also removed and a large pipe, which supplied the cistern with water, turned up to remove, and lead—I then went to the station-house, and they searched the prisoner—I went back to the house—the officers soon followed—we examined, and found the box staple of the lock of No. 2 broken—we went into the kitchen, and found things as I have represented—we went up stairs, and found a brass lamp taken from

the stair-case, and two boxes, taken from a room up stairs, with locks, and several other things—we then came down, and went on the leads of the back kitchen, and there saw some marks of footsteps on a high cistern going over to No. 3—we went in there, and found two panes of glass broken in the back door, over the lock—it appears they could not makes an entrance in that way, but forced the door, and the box staple of the door was also broken—we went on the leads of that house, and saw similar impressions of feet on the other side—nothing was taken from No.3—we found a crew-driver in the passage—the lead pipe and copper had been fixed to the building and the lead covered the copper.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. What time in the day was it? A. Between two and there o'clock—I do not think it was a foggy day—I think it was rather fine afternoon—I did not open the door till both the prisoners were taken—I did not attempt to open the door till my son returned—the houses are rather large—they are close together—the steps of the houses are about three yards from each other—my attention was more particularly directed to No. 2—I stood very nearly on the steps of No.3—I stood between the two doors—there are four steps to each house—they project on the pavement—White did not say he had passed over the steps in order to save time—I saw him come of No.3—I was so near the door I could not do other wise than see him—he actually came out of the house and left the door open—the woman who gave me information lives just opposite—the doors of my houses are distinctly visible from hers.





JOHN HILL
 My father applied to me to get the keys of No.3, and as I got to the steps, I saw White come out of the door of the house—I laid hold of him, turned round to my father, and said, "Here is a man coming out of the house"—he came to me, and assisted me in holding him—I asked what business he had there—he said "Nothing"—I said, "You must be doing something there, which you ought not to do; you cannot deny coming out of the house, because the door is open"—he had one leg on the steps and the other in the house at the time—when my father came to my assistance, we both turned round nearly at the some time, and I saw Pool coming down the last step of No.2—I did not see him in the house—I left the two prisoners in my father's care, and went for the beadle.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say he was merely passing along? A. No; he said he was doing nothing.





JANE BROWN
. I am housekeeper to my brother, in Copper's row, Crutched-friars. I can see Mr. Hill's houses from own—on the Thursday before the 24th of September, I saw White go to No. 2, and knock at the door—the door was opened, and he went in—In a short time he came out with a copper full of lead, and went up the street with it—he returned again in a short time, and went No.2 again—on the 24th, between two and three o'clock, I saw Mr. Hill taken hold of White, coming out of No. 3, and saw Poole come of No.2, at the time they had hold of White.

Cross-examined. Q. Was that the first time you had seen White? A. Thursday was the first time I saw him—I saw him go in, and come out with the copper, and go up Jewry-street with it—I had seen him frequently before about, but not to notice him—his face was quite familiar to me—I never and Poole before.

Poole. The Lord Mayor asked if you had any thing to say about me, and you said no—the prosecutor and you were in deep conversation, and you cane up a second time, and said you saw me come of the houses Witness. Yes, I did—the prosecutor did not suggest my thing to me—I

told the prosecutor I had seen Poole come of the house, at the time I saw him take hold of White.





JAMES SAUNDERS
. I went to Cooper's-row, and took the prisoners to the station-house—I searched White, and found a brad-awl, and gimlet, and a piece of string in his pocket—I afterwards went over to No. 2, and found the lead of the sink wrenched from the nails all round, and partly doubled up—I found a screw-driver in the passage of No. 3, and two panes of glass broken in the back door, which was forced.

Cross-examined. Q. The things you found on White are very commonly used by carpenters?; A. Yes—I understand he is carpenter—I found him sitting on the steps of No.3—he went quietly with me—I heard him say he was merely passing—I did not hear him say that he went over the steps instead of going round.





WILLIAM PLAISTOW
. I searched Poole, and found him a plumber's knife and two pieces of string—the knife appeared as if it had been used to cut something—I afterwards went to No.2, and found a screw-driver and a sack—I found a piece of brass belonging to the box of the lock lying insides to the mat at No. 2, and this screw—this large screw-driver was on the kitchen floor of No.2.





HENRY HILL
. I am the prosecutor's son. About half-past eleven o'clock, I was passing along Cooper's-row, and saw Poole come down the steps of No.2 with a pint in his hand—after that he went and knocked at No. 3, he then went again and knocked at No.2—he did not get in at either of the house—I went over to him, and asked what he was going to do with the porter, that it was no use to knock at those houses, as nobody was in them—he said he was sent from the public-house with a pint of porter for Saltmarsh, at Mr. Mayhew's—I directed him where I thought Mr. Mayhew lived—the prisoner were apprehended about two or three o'clock that day.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 34—


Transported for Seven Years.

POOLE—


NOT GUILTY
.
