





450. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, 2 blankets, value 20s.; 2 sheets, value 20s., and 1 pillow-case, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Moses William 
                     Born
                  




               
            .


                  MOSES 
                  WILLIAM BORN
               



            . I keep the Flower-pot inn, Bishopsgate-street




. On the 29th of January, about nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner engaged a bed at my house, and paid me one shilling for it; he went to bed about ten o'clock - there were two beds in the room, but nobody else slept there; he said he was going by the Canterbury coach at eight o'clock in the morning - Langridge, the servant, lighted him to bed; he went out in the morning, but was brought back by the officer with these sheets, blankets, and pillow-case; he acknowledged he had stolen them - I gave him no permission to take them away.


                  MARY 
                  ANN LANGRIDGE
               



            . I am the chamber-maid. I lighted the prisoner up to his room; nobody but him slept there - he told me to call him at half-past seven o'clock; the sheets and blankets were on the bed - the pillowcase did not belong to the house - I called him about twenty minutes to eight; he was going towards the door to go out, when I went up to the room and missed the sheets; I ran down and gave an alarm; he had got out of the house, but was brought back in a quarter of an hour by Gainbee, with the pair of sheetsand blankets which were on the bed he had slept in; I knew them to be master's by the mark - the blankets were brought back in brown paper; he had brought a similar brown paper parcel in at night, and I found some straw under the bed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GAINBEE
               



            . I am a coachman. I was standing near the bar when the prisoner went out - an alarm was given that the sheets were missing; I went out, and at the bottom of Threadneedle-street, going into the Poultry, I stopped the prisoner and gave him in charge - he had a brown paper parcel, with a pillow-case and the blankets in it: the sheets were wrapped round his body - he had taken in a brown paper parcel the night before, of a similar size, containing straw.


                  JOHN 
                  FREE
               



            . I am a constable. I received him in charge, and took these sheets from round his body.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, pleading distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
