





649. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LOCKLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously forging, on the 15th of January
, a certain request for the delivery of goods
            , which is as follows:
Please send by the bearer two or three silver watches, as there is a gentleman in our shop wishes to purchase one or two double-bottom cases - send the selling prices, about 3l. or 5l. each. E. COLLINGRIDGE.
Please to send direct.
with intent to defraud 
               
                  
                     Phineas 
                     Headworth
                  




               
            ; against the Statute, &c.
SECOND COUNT, for uttering the same, &c.
PHINEAS HEADWORTH. I keep a watchmaker's shop
 in St. John-street, St. Sepulchre


. On the 15th of January, in the afternoon, the prisoner came and produced this paper; I cannot say whether he said he brought it from Mr. or Mrs. Collingridge - there is a Mr. Collingridge, who is my nephew, who lives in Wilderness-row - he is a watch-case gilder; I sent my son up stairs for some watches, and asked the prisoner if he was to take any-hunting watches; I sent some watches by him, worth about 15l. at the selling prices, I told him so, and he went away with them; I had offered to make a parcel of them, but he said there was no necessity as the distance was so short - this is the paper he brought - I saw the prisoner in about ten days afterwards, at the Half Moon, in Portpool-lane; upon having a full view of him, I was quite sure he was the persen.
Prisoner. After he had looked at me five minutes, he said he was not sure I was the person; the officerdesired me to pull off my hat, and stand against a large window; and then he said if I was not the man. I was very much like him. Witness. I could not speak positively to him at first, but when I saw him in the light I was positive of him.


                  ALFRED 
                  JAMES HEADWORTH
               



            . I am a son of the prosecutor. I recollect the prisoner coming to his shop for the watches; I am sure he is the person - I heard him speak at my father's, and I have heard him to-day - I am sure he is the person.
Prisoner He looked at me very hard in the parlour, and said he was not sure. Witness. I was not sure till he was in the light


                  THOMAS 
                  HEADWORTH
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I came in while the prisoner was at my father's; I am sure he is the person - I went to Mr. Collingridge's, after he was gone to see if they had sent him, and they had not; I went to the Half Moon, and when I saw him in the light, I was sure of him.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAYLIS
               



             (Police-constable G 67). I lodge at No. 34, Gray's Inn-lane. I took the prisoner at the Half Moon; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Headworth
               



             was there, but he could not tell him till he was in the light - I then sent for the prosecutor and his other son, and as soon as the prisoner got outside the door, they were certain of him- the parlour of the public-house is rather dark; there is a building four or five yards from the window.


                  EDMUND 
                  COLLINGRIDGE
               



            . I live at No. 27, Wilderness-row. This note is not my writing, nor my mother's nor sister's; I never sent for the property.
The prisoner put in a written Defence stating that the witnesses were mistaken in his person.



               GUILTY of uttering
            . - Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
