





314. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STONE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of December
, 16 silver spoons, value 16l., and 8 silver forks, value 7l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Mitchell, the younger



                  ; 4 silver dishes, value 60l.; 2 silver dish-covers, value 17l.; 1 silver tea-pot, value 18l.; 1 silver cream-pot, value 8l.; 1 silver sugar-basin, value 13l.; 87 silver spoons, value 90l.; 48 silver forks, value 40l.; 5 silver ladles, value 10l.; 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 1l.; and 2 aprons, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Mitchell
                     



                  , his master, in his dwelling-house
            .
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS & PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  BELL
               



            . I am butler to Mr. Mitchell, of No. 42, Charles-street, Berkeley-square


 - I had been in the service fifteen or sixteen years - the prisoner came there as underbutler
, and was there about ten days - on the 3rd of December, (Tuesday,) I had occasion to go into the City - the plate was kept in the butler's pantry, in a press and in a chest; and on that day I left the prisoner in care of the plate when I went out - I had seen all the plate safe on the Sunday; and I had seen a considerable part of it, which was in daily use, on the Tuesday - on the Monday, the prisoner asked me if the dish-covers were silver; and I told him they were, and two of them were foreign and two English - he asked which were best, and I said the English plate was allowed to be the best - on the Sunday, he asked me if the trays were silver; I said they were not, but the edges were - on the Tuesday, I went out about two o'clock, and the prisoner said I need not hurry, as there would be nothing to do when I came back - I returned about half-past four, and found the pantry locked; and I missed the key from the place it used to be put in - by Mrs. Mitchell's direction, I forced open the door, and missed fifty table-spoons, forty-two large forks, and the other articles stated in the indictment - the trays which were not silver were not taken - I did not see the prisoner again for about a fortnight, when he was in custody - when he left us he had his undress livery on, which, according to the rule of the family, would not have been his own, till he had been twelve months in the service, so that his livery was Mr. Mitchell's - since the prisoner has been in custody, I gave him some linen ofhis which he sent to be washed before he left, and which the laundress brought home afterwards; and I took him the wages which were due to him - these ornaments had been on the tops of the dish-covers, and he left them behind - when the prisoner was taken, I asked him the cause of of his leaving the service - he said he had done nothing; but he went out and got drunk, and did not like to return - he said he had been to many places since then - I asked why he had cut his whiskers off - he said he had not, but they were shorter than they had been - I had charged him with taking the plate, or something to that effect; and he said he had done nothing - I have never seen any of the plate since - the value of it all was between 200l. and 300l.
Prisoner. Q.Were there not persons at work there who might have got into the pantry? A. Yes: the area gate was open, but the door was shut - I have known the door to be left open - I have no proof that you locked the door - the box was locked, and the key of it hung in the press - the bunch of keys hung up, but no one but you knew what they were - there was one workman in the pantry that day; but I went in with him, and came out with him - I saw him go out of the house - I will swear the press was then shut - the lock of the box was a common lock - I never tried it with any other key.
COURT. Q. Was it usual to lock the pantry-door? A. Yes; if there was no man there - the key of the box could not be seen without opening the press.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Did you find the bunch of keys safe on your return? A. Yes; there were ten or twelve keys on it - the prisoner knew the key of the box, and no one else - he tied it on the truck himself - the bricklayer and labourer who were at work there that day are here.
JOHN MITCHELL, jun., Esq. I live with my father in Charles-street, Berkeley-square - his name is John. On the 3rd of December there was some plate of mine in the plate-room, thirteen table-spoons, six table forks, two desert spoons, and two tea-spoons - they are all missing and were worth about 24l. - the house is my father's dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square - the prisoner was under-butler - I never authorized him to take away the plate, or the clothes - about 260l. worth of plate of my father's was taken away beside my own.
Prisoner. Q. I believe, Sir, you will own I received a good character? A. Yes, or you would not have been there.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BRIDGES
               



            . I am lady's-maid to Mrs. Mitchell. On the 3rd of December I went out at ten minutes before two - I saw the prisoner in the pantry before I went out, and I saw the corner dishes and covers safe in the press there - I returned at ten minutes after four - the prisoner was gone - I did not see him again till he was in custody.
Prisoner. Q. Was it not possible that any person could have got into the pantry? A. I shut the house-door and it is constantly kept shut - the workmen generally come sooner than that.
SARAH TURNER. I am housekeeper to Mr. Mitchell. on the 3rd of December I went out at five or ten minutes after three o'clock - I went into the pantry before I went out and saw the prisoner there, cleaning some plate at the dresser - he had something in his hand, which appeared to be loose, and rattled very much like plate, and he put it on the dresser behind the door - I returned at a quarter before five.
Prisoner. Q.Will you swear there is a dresser in the pantry? A. Yes - what we call a dresser - it is not an old-fashioned dresser - but one proper for a plate pantry, because it has drawers to it - when you open the door the dresser is rather behind it - I cannot tell what you put down, but it rattled like spoons or forks.


                  ANN 
                  LOWE
               



            . I am kitchen-maid to Mr. Mitchell. On the 3rd of December I was taking in some fish, at a quarter past three o'clock - the prisoner came to the kitchen-dresser and said, "Mrs. Turner is out, and Mr. Bell is out, I suppose, and I want some silver" - he pointed his finger towards the area-door, and said, "If that bell should ring, go to it" - he asked if I knew which way Mrs. Turner was gone, and how long she would be - I said she was gone to help a young friend of hers to cook a dinner - I did not know how long she would be - I then saw the prisoner come out of the servants'-hall, with a hat on his head, and go in a direction towards the area-gate - I did not see him leave the house.
Prisoner. The pantry-door is just opposite the servants'-hall door, you would have seen me go into the pantry. Witness. I did not see you go in there; I was taking in some fish which was brought into the kitchen.
ANN SIMONS. I am upper-housemaid - on the 3rd of December, about two o'clock, I saw the prisoner take two aprons, which had not been used before, from the cupboard in the hall into the pantry - they have not been found since - they were rather large aprons.
MICHAEL DOULARD. I am footman in the family - I remember the prisoner coming to live there; a few nights after he came he was going out on an errand, and I saw him put his own coat, waistcoat, and breeches, which he wore when he came into the service, to the best of my knowledge, into a handkerchief; he said he was going to sell them in Marylebone-lane - there is a portmanteau of the prisoner's still in the house, and I believe it has never been sent for - there are a few cravats, collars, and stockings in it.
Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect my having a bundle when I came back? A. Not to my knowledge; I do not know that I let you in.


                  SARAH 
                  TRAXTON
               



            . I am a laundress - I was at Mr. Mitchell's, collecting the linen to wash - I received from the prisoner, on the 2nd of December, three shirts, nine cravats, five collars, and five pair of stockings - I washed them and took them back on the Thursday, but did not see the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  PINKNEY
               



            . I am a hatter, and live in High-street, Poplar - on the 4th of December I sold the prisoner this hat for 1l. 2s. about five or six o'clock in the evening: he directed me to write the name of Camperdown in it, which I did, and it is in it now - I understood that to be his name- he had on a great coat which appeared to be new - he had an old hat on his head, which he presented to the man who came in with him - the man said, "You had better wear it yourself;" and he put it on his head, and took this one away in his hand - he did not seem to have been up all night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street - on the 18th of December I saw the prisoner in the lock-up place in the office - he had had one hearing then - I said it was a very serious charge against him - he said it was, but he was innocent - I said I was very ready to make any inquiry for him, if he liked; and I would take as much trouble to prove his innocence as his guilt; but if he was guilty, he must take the consequence of it - I then asked him where he had disposed of his livery clothes - he said he had got drunk, and lost them at a b-y-house - I said where was the b-y-house - he said, he did not know, he was drunk - I said "If you was drunk when you went in, you was not when you came out; what neighbourhood was it?" - he said in St. Giles - I asked were he went when he left Mr. Mitchell's - he said to Piccadilly; to two or three different houses, and he could not name one, and he had been part of the time in Piccadilly and part at Blackwall or Shadwell. I said, "Well, as you lost your clothes, where did you get money to buy these clothes you have on?" - he said it was given him by a friend, who was a servant out of place; but he would rather be transported than tell his name - I saw he had this new hat on, and I took it off his head for the purpose of seeing the maker's name, and I saw this writing on the inside of it - he said, "I bought it of a Jew" - I was then called away, and I directed the gaoler to take the hat from the prisoner - I afterwards went to remove the prisoner to the House of Correction - he had a fur cap on, and he began to complain of having his hat taken from him - when he got outside he was very violent, he insisted upon it that they had no right to take his hat, and if he had known it he would have torn the b-y hat to pieces - he threw the cap down into the road, jumped upon it and kicked it - he said, the magistrate had no right to have the hat taken away to make evidence - nothing had been said then to cause him to think that it would be made evidence - he took his cap from me, and tore the lining out, and he said, "If I do not get my hat, I will throw no light upon it" - when we got to the gate of the office he was going to throw the cap away, and said, "I will not have this b-y thing on; if I do not get the hat I am dumb."
Prisoner. I believe you will say I was in a great passion? Witness. Yes, you was - I did not tell you it would be better for you to tell, and that Mr. Mitchell would perhaps make it light.
Prisoner. You false-swearing scoundrel, you did - stand down.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am an officer - I assisted Ballard in taking the prisoner to the House of Correction on the 18th of December: he said, that if he had known they were going to take his hat away, he would have torn the b-y hat to pieces; he attempted to tear his cap, and said, he would throw no light on the business, he was dumb.
EDWIN DUNCAN WILKS. I am gaoler at Marlborough-street - I saw the prisoner with this hat on - I said, "You have got a new hat;" he said, "Yes; I bought it of a travelling Jew in the street" - I took it off his head, and left it outside the cell - when I returned, he asked me for it- I said, "The magistrate desired to see it;" he said, "If I had known that, I would have torn the b-y lining out before you should have had it."
Prisoner. Q. Upon your oath, did I say, "I bought it of travelling Jew?" Witness. Yes, and you took a blue shirt out of it.


                  JOHN 
                  YARLEY
               



            . I am a bricklayer - on the 3d of December I was at work at Mr. Mitchell's.
Prisoner. Q.Was the door kept shut? Witness. It was opened for the tradesmen to come in, we shut it again.
Prisoner's Defence. I got drunk and lost the livery - I went to a b-y-house, but whether in St. Giles's or Blackwall, I do not know - I went with a friend, who is a married man, and I promised not to tell his name - we got drunk, and he let me have the money to get my clothes - I did not take a single article of the plate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
