





1287. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLUER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Smith
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE SMITH. I am a servant
 to the Duke of Buccleugh. On the 18th of June I was in Sydney's-alley, at the end of Coventry-street


 - I had a handkerchief in my pocket; I did not miss it, but a gentleman tapped me on the shoulder - I turned, and saw the prisoner in custody; I then missed my handkerchief from my pocket, and it was handed to me by a person in the crowd - this is it.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Have you any other name? A. No - I do not know who gave me the handkerchief; I am sure it is mine - I had used it five minutes before.


                  BOLTON 
                  EDWARD STRITCH
               



            . I am an officer in the army. On the 18th of June I saw the prosecutor followed by the prisoner and two other young men; I saw the prisoner take up the prosecutor's pocket, and take the handkerchief - I took hold of him, and told the prosecutor; the prisoner swore he would do for me if I did not let him go - he got from me, but I took him again; he struggled and broke a window - the handkerchief fell from him; I could not pick it up, but I believe this is it.
Cross-examined. Q. What time was this? A. About half-past nine o'clock - there was light enough; there were several people there - he was walking abreast with two others, immadiately behind the prosecutor; I could not be mistaken in the person who took it - there was quite light enough; some shops were open - the prisoner threw down the handkerchief.
Prisoner. The two corner shops were shut up. Witness. Yes, they were - there were not two persons between the prisoner and me; I did not state that I saw two young men, who ran away - there were two with him; I did not say they went away - I did not notice; I did not say I would serve him out for it; he was very violent, he shoved me away, and I caught him again.
Prisoner's Defence. The witness allows two shops were shut, and is it likely he could distinguish me from two or three others, when there was no gas-light at the corner - he let me go, and a lady came out and said I broke the window; she caught hold of my coat, and then he took me again - I am quite innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
