





Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
327. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Brady
                        




                     
                   and another, on the 4th of February
, at St. James', Westminster, and stealing therein 3 bracelets, value 7s., their goods
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRADY
               



            . I am a jeweller
, and live at No. 78, Quadrant, Regent-street, in the parish of St. James'


- I am in partnership with 
               
                  Charles 
                  Patten
               



            , he lives in the house with me, the rent is paid by the firm - on the 4th of February, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening I was standing in the shop, which is part of the house, and heard a great noise of breaking of glass - I ran out immediately and saw one of the large panes of glass broken in pieces - I went in immediately afterwards to take care of my goods, and in a few minutes the witness, Anderson, brought me in a pair of bracelets, which I have had ever since - they are my property, and had been in the window close to a pane of glass which was broken - they are on a card - I missed one more bracelet, which I saw at the station-house.


                  ALFRED 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. Ellis, of Ludgate-hill - on the evening in question, I was in the Quadrant, between nine and ten o'clock, and saw the prisoner looking earnestly in at the prosecutor's window - I watched him, and saw him deliberately thrust his fist through the window, from the inside of which I saw him take some things - he immediately ran away - I followed him, and caught hold of him in the middle of the road - he escaped from me - I still followed him, crying, "Stop thief - stop him!" - he ran down Air-street, and got into Piccadilly, where the policeman ran after him, and he was secured - I never lost sight of him - he is the man - I went back to the shop, and then to the watch-house - when the policeman took him he struggled violently - he did not appear to me to be drunk.


                  THOMAS 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am fifteen years old - I live at Mr. Lloyd's, in Conduit-street - on the 4th of February, I was in the Quadrant, and heard Mr. Brady's window smash - I turned round and saw a soldier run across the road - I ran after him, calling, "Stop thief!" - I followed him down Air-street; but, previous to this, I saw something drop from him, as he ran across the Quadrant, just off the curbstone, on Mr. Brady's side - I came back and picked it up- found it was a pair of bracelets - I took them into Mr. Brady's shop - I believe these to be the same - I gave them to Mr. Brady.


                  JOHN 
                  MAY
               



             (policeman). I did not apprehended the prisoner - I searched him at the station-house, between nine and ten o'clock, on the 4th of February, and found on him one bracelet, which I produce - it was in his right hand jacket pocket.
MR. BRADY. I cannot swear to this bracelet, as other houses may have the same pattern - I have no doubt about the pair the boy brought me, because it has our private mark on the card.
Prisoner. I was intoxicated - I did not know what I was doing - I believe that bracelet was put about me while they took me to the station-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Confined for one Month
            , and then 


               Transported for Life
            .
