





353. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BARTHOLOMEW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 1 wooden box, value 1s., and 54lbs. of raisins, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Frederick 
                  Fixsam
               




             and another.
EDWARD PASSEY. I am in the employ of 
               
                  John 
                  Frederick
               



             Fixsam and another, wholesale grocers
 on Garlick-hill. On the 24th of December I had four boxes of raisins and three hogsheads in my waggon to take to PickfordWood-street; a person came round the waggon in Collegehill


, and asked if I had any small things in it - he informed me somebody had taken something, and I missed a box of raisins; I ran round the corner, crossed the street, and saw two men run across - I saw the box on the prisoner's shoulder; I cut him hard with my whip, and he dropped it - he was stopped in my sight; I picked the box up, thinking the other would take it - I went up to the prisoner; he said, "Let me go, you have cut me enough for this" - I would not let him go.
THOMAS BROWN. I am a carman. I stood at the corner of College-hill, between six and seven o'clock that evening: I did not see the waggon, but heard a cry of Stop thief! I turned round out of our stable-door, and saw two men running - I stopped one of them, which was the prisoner; he had nothing then - Passey came up with the box in a minute or two, and charged him with stealing it; the prisoner wished to be let go, saying he had flogged him enough for it with the whip.
Prisoner. He said I was not the man at the Mansion-house. Witness. I said no such thing: I said I thought he had a different dress on then, but was certain he was the man; I was not certain he was the man I stopped.


                  JOHN 
                  GOOD
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner from Passey, for stealing this box; he said nothing to the charge.(Box produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The man said at the Mansion-house, that he cut me on the face and neck - the Lord Mayor said if I was cut I should have a mark: my handkerchief was taken off, and there was no mark - I was going fast to keep myself warm, it being frosty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
