




710. 




WILLIAM JONES
 and 




DAVID KEEFE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
7th of February, 175lbs. of lead, value 1l. 5s., the goods of 



Richard Cooper Goodman, and fixed to a building—2nd COUNT for ripping, cutting, and breaking, with intent to steal.






THOMAS STALLEBRASS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Richard Cooper Goodman. He is a proprietor of a timber yard and premises in Compton-street, Clerkenwell. On the morning of the 7th of February, at a quarter before three o'clock, I was awoke by a knocking at the door of the private house attached to the timber yard—I went down and found a policeman there—our shed has leaden gutters, but I had not been on the roof, and had not seen them—I went on afterwards, and found the gutters had been ripped and cut—I did not go to bed again till I had seen the prisoners in the station-house, which was about five o'clock in the morning—twenty-one feet of lead had been cut, about two feet six inches wide—I instructed the officer to throw it into a shed from the wall where it laid—it was not there when I went to bed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you been upon the roof at all before the policeman knocked at the door? A. No, Sir—this house is Richard Cooper Goodman's he gave that as his name before the Magistrates—I am his son-in-law, and have been so for eighteen months—he has

gone by the name of Richard Goodman—he gave the name of Richard Goodman at the office—the Magistrate then asked him if he had another name, and be gave the name of Cooper—he is not here.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. When was the first time you saw the prisoners that morning? A. About five o'clock—I had not seen them before they were at the station-house—Mr. Goodman has no partner.





WILLIAM CRAMPTON
. I am a police-constable. On the 7th of February I was near the timber yard, at a quarter past two in the morning, and saw two men or the top of the wall—I did not disturb them—one had a blue coat on, the other a flannel jacket—one was sitting on the wall, and was heaving the lead up—the other was cutting it—I did not show myself to them—I went into a house, looked out of the window, and saw them plainly—I then came down and made my brother officer acquainted with it—I then got another officer, and he got two more—we surrounded the place before we disturbed them—they were at work for half an hour—we then got up over a blacksmith's forge—they heard us—they got down at another part, and there the two officers were—they saw them, and then turned back and got down another way, and were taken between three and four o'clock—I saw them—Keefe had a blue coat on, and the other a flannel jacket.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What sort of a night was this? A. Sometimes foggy; sometimes dark; and sometimes moonlight; but during that half-hour, it was partly dark and partly moonlight—I could see them when it was cloudy—the building might be ten or twelve feet from the ground—when I was at the window I was not more than a yard from them—the shed is in a court-yard, at the back of some cottages—I looked at the prisoners for two or three minutes at a time when the moon shone upon them—there were about ten officers-engaged in this—only three are here—we surrounded the place—they were taken before they got into the street—I afterwards examined the roof—all the lead was moved off the ledge on the wall—there were four or five feet that they had not got off.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. What street did this take place in? A. In a yard situated in Compton-street, Clerkenwell—it was about a quarter past two o'clock in the morning when I first saw them—I watched them for about five minutes before I went for my brother officer—I don't know what house I went through—it was open—I don't know whether the others were—a man of the name of Taylor lived there—he was up—he is a nailer—I went through his house into the back yard—I there had a full view of them with the moon shining on them—I then went up-stairs and had a view of them from the first-floor window—there are different sized houses in that street—two or three stories—to the best of my knowledge the roof of the house was not more than ten or twelve feet from that window—I did not take the prisoners—I first watched them at a quarter past two o'clock—they were taken a little before four o'clock—I did not see them taken, because they got away the contrary way—I swear these are the men.





WILLIAM SALTER BADCOCK
. I am a policeman. I first went to the timber yard at a quarter before three o'clock on the Sunday morning—knowing the situation of the premises, I stopped in a place where I thought it likely they might make their escape—after staying there five or ten minutes, I saw the two prisoners on the roof—I called

to them to stop—they came scroes on the front of an iron foundry, and ran along the parapet—I called to them again—I lost sight of them after that, I went and got another constable—I gained admittance through an empty house, and got over the roof—I looked about, and found the two prisoners in a privy—I asked what they wanted there—Beefed said the man had let them come in there to sleep—I took them to the station—I looked at their hands, and they were dirty—I have since been on the roof and seen where the lead was cut from I saw it weighed—there was 175lbs.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. How far off were you from the persons you saw on the roof? A. Not further than ten or twelve yards—it was rather dark—I did not go into Taylor's house when I went on the roof—I was about eight yards from them—I could distinguish their dress—I could not see their features—one had a dark coat, the other a flannel jacket—I know they are the same as I saw the first time—it was about half an hour from the first time I saw them till I found them in the privy.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES
Q. Who had the coat on? A. Keefe, the tall man, had the hannel jacket on—that is Jones—on the way to the station-house, Keefe said he had run away from a row, to get out of the way of the police, for having assaulted a girl.

Keefe. I was in company with two persons that evening, and had been so from half-past seven o'clock till half-past two—I had some words with Georgiann Stevenson, and I struck her, and with that she ran away; and Joues, seeing the door open, said, "We will get in here, or we shall be taken." (William Knight, a bricklayer, of No.70, Swam-lane, Thames-street; William Norris, chair-maker, No. 7, Salmon-place, Compton-street; Eliza Marseley, No.5, Corporation-lane, Clerkenwell; and James Hoare, carpenter, No.44, Compton-street; gave the prisoner Keefe a good character.)

JONES—


GUILTY
 Aged 22.

KEEFE—


GUILTY
 Aged 20.




Transported for Seven Years.
