



612. 




WILLIAM COTTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of February, 3 yards of carpet, value 3s.; 1 set of bed-furniture, value 12s.; the goods of



 Alexander Innes Burgess and another; and that he had before been convicted of felony.






SAMUEL BAKER
. I work in the East India Warehouse. On the afternoon of the 3rd of February, about half-past three o'clock, as I passed the shop of Mr. Burgess, in Shoreditch, I saw the prisoner haul down this furniture and piece of carpet, he wrapped it up under his arm, and run up a passage with it—I went in, and informed the people of it—I lost sight of him for about half a minute, and he was secured.

Prisoner. You said, at the office, the articles hung at the prosecutor's door-post. Witness. Yes: the prosecutor's house is at the corner of a court which is not a thoroughfare—they were at the side of the door-post.





WILLIAM LUFF
. I am shopman to Alexander Innes Burgess and Richard Attenborough, pawnbrokers. I was at home when information was given of the property being taken—I ran out, and went up the court at the side entrance, where people come to the boxes—I found the prisoner with the articles in question, which he had folded in a striped shirt—I took them from him, and found they were the very things I had hung up that morning—these are the articles—there is a court goes between our house and the next.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I tell you they came down into my hand, and I was going to bring them into the boxes? A. Yes, you did say so; but you should have come in at the front door, where they hung—he went up the court into the boxes.





HENRY HUDDY
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I procured at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was a witness on the trial, and am certain he is the person who was convicted in January, 1832, by the name of William Law.

Prisoner's Defence. I know no more about being tried before than a man I never saw.




GUILTY
. Aged 60.—


Transported for Seven Years.
