




581. 




CHARLES WILSON
 and 




GEORGE WILTON
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
27th of January, 9 printed books, value 8s.; and 1 paper weight, value 2d.; the goods of 



William Warner.






ELIZABETH WARNER
. I am the daughter of William Warner; he keeps a stationer's shop in Chapel-street, Pentonville. On the 27th of January, I was in the shop—the two prisoners came in—Wilson came first, and asked for a halfpenny pen, which I gave him—he then asked me for a piece of paper to write a direction, which I also gave him—Wilton then came in for

a valentine, which he said was in the window—I told him there was not such a one in the window as he described—he said he would show me where it was—he wanted a cobler one—he went to look at the window—I went to the door, and asked him if he did want such a one, for I had one in doors—he came in again—I showed him what we had—he looked at it, but did not like it—he then said to Wilson, "It won't do, will it?"—I do not know that Wilson made him any answer—Wilton then went away—Wilson followed him almost directly—my sister then came into the shop—I went to put the books into the window, and missed a Johnson's Dictionary—I told my sister, and she followed them—I went after them, and saw Wilton go up White Conduit-street—I had not missed any more books then, but a lad gave me some, which I knew were ours—my sister brought Wilson back, and gave him in charge.





HANNAH WARNER
. I came into the shop just as Wilson was going out. I did not see Wilton there, but I had seen them both looking in at the window.





JAMES MATTHEWS
. I live in Union-square. I saw the last witness running up Chapel-street, and calling "Stop thief"—I turned the corner, and saw three books on the ground, which I took up—Wilson was running up there—I did not see Wilton—I then looked down an area, and saw two more books—a girl knocked at the door, and the lady gave them to her—I saw Wilson run past there.





JOHN MILES
 (police-constable N 110.) Wilton was given to me—I took him to the station-house—I found nothing on him but two keys—these books were brought to me.





WILLIAM BODMAN
 (police-constable R 157.) Wilson was given to me by Hannah Warner—these other books were picked up by a stranger, and brought to the shop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Wilson's Defence. Some person ran past me—there was a cry of "Stop thief"—I tried to catch him, and was taken.

Wilton's Defence. I was in Chapel-street, and was taken by one of the policeman—I have no knowledge of Wilson at all.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

WILTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Six Months.
