





Third London Jury. - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1429. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HIPKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, 1 trunk, value 1s.; 7 gowns, value 2l.; 6 aprons, value 5s.; 1 pair of stays, value 4s.; 2 petticoats, value 3s.; 5 caps, value 6s.; 3 shifts, value 7s.; 1 shawl, value 2s. 6d.; 2 collars, value 2s. 6d., and 3 towels, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Blanshard
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  BLANSHARD
               



            . I am the wife of Robert Blanshard, who is a gardener
. I had the articles stated in the indictment in a trunk, which I took into the parlour of the Rose and Crown, St. Paul's church-yard


, about eleven o'clock in the morning of the 27th of April - I was going off by the coach, and between twelve and one o'clock I saw the prisoner take it out of the parlour; he had another person with him - they said they would go on, as I stood at the bar talking to my mistress - they were carrying it to the coach for me; I went after them in about five minutes, and saw the other one there, but the prisoner and trunk were gone - he was apprehended on the 2nd of June, and nothing found on him but a small comb, which had been in my box; I am certain it is mine(looking at it) - I know it by the teeth being broken at the side; I broke them myself - I have found nothing else.


                  GEORGE 
                  COGGIN
               



            . I am a waiter at the Rose and Crown. I was in the room with the prosecutrix, and saw the prisoner and a boy bring the trunk out of the parlour to take to the coach which she was going in - he put it on his shoulder and went out; I did not see him again till the 2nd of June, when he was in Bowling-alley - I fetched an officer, and asked what he had done with the trunk; he said he had made away with it, for he was in great distress at the time, and desired me not to expose him before the company; he had been at the Rose and Crown about three weeks.


                  JAMES 
                  O'BRIEN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge - as I took him to Hatton-garden next day, he said he knew he should get seven years of it.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner at Hatton-garden, and found this comb in his pocket; he told the Magistrate he lived in Charter-house-lane - I could not find him out there.
Prisoner's Defence. I told the witness I had not seen the property or the box either.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
