




1125. 




JOHN FITZGERALD, alias
 Doran

, and 




JOHN STEVENS
, were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Shrubshall, on the 
1st of April, at 


St. Mary, Newington, and stealing therein, 4 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 1 cap, value 7s.; 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 7s.; and 2 medals, value 3s.; his goods.






RICHARD SHRUBSHALL
. I live at No. 22, East-street, Walworth, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. On the 1st of April I went out between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, after locking up my house—on returning between ten and eleven o'clock I found my house in possession of the police—I found a pane of glass broken, the catch of the window moved aside, and the window open—I found next morning at the station-house the articles stated in the indictment, which belong to me.





JOHN RANGECROFT
. I am an officer. On Sunday night last, about half-past eight o'clock, I was going down East-lane—a young man came and pointed out the prosecutor's house, and said there were thieves in it—I saw a light at the window—he said a policeman was gone round to the back door—I pulled the shutter open, put up the sash, and went into the parlour—neither the shutter nor window were fastened—when I got in I went into the passage, and at the bottom of the stairs sat Fitzgerald, and then the other—they had got a candle—I brought them into the parlour, and before the policeman came to my assistance Fitzgerald dropped the four handkerchiefs, the sugar tongs, and cap, from his person—the policeman came and searched him, and found two medals in his pocket—on Steves he found some skeleton keys—they gave no account of themselves—I Produced the property next day at the police office to Mr. Shrubshall, and he identified it.

Fitzgerald. I did not go into the house till the witness did—I went in with him—I saw two policeman go in, and eight more men—I followed, and saw the articles on the ground, and took them up. Witness. Nobody went in with me—he was at the bottom of the stairs with a candle in his hand when I collared him—there was not a soul in the place but us, when

he dropped the things—I said when he dropped them, "That is quite as well at if I had taken them from you."

COURT. Q. Did you observe if the house had been broken? A. No, I did not—I pushed the window up at once—I do not know How they had got in.

Stevens. Directly you came into the house you collared me. Witness. I found you in the passage—not a soul was in the house besides us, and the skeleton keys were found on you—the street door was so fast we could not get it open, and I was obliged to take them out at the window.





JAMES MASON
. I am a policeman. I was going up East-lane, about half-past eight o'clock on Sunday night, and received information—I went round to the back of the house, and saw it all safe there—I then got in at the front window, and found the prisoners in Rangecroft's custody—there was nobody else in the house—on Stevens, I found a skeleton Key, and a latch key, a lucifer box and matches—I searched Fitzgerald, and in his pocket found two medals, both having the prosecutor's name on them. I found six keys, up stairs, on the bed—after leaving the house the prosecutor gave me a chisel which he had found—he saw the property next day—I examined the house—they had broken a pane of glass in the front window, and opened the sash.

Fitzgerald. Q. Do you know that we broke the glass? A. I found it broken—other people came into the house when I did, but not before—I found you in custody.

Fitzgerald's Defence. I went into the parlour, the window being open, with about ten more men.

Steven's Defence. I say the same.

FITZGERALD—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

STEVENS—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.




Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Lord Chief Baron Abinger.
