





40. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MULLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of November
, 4 gowns, value 32s.; 3 pair of stockings, value 3s.; 3 petticoats, value 8s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 2 shifts, value 4s.; 2 collars, value 3s.; 4 caps, value 4s.; 2 aprons, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 candlestick, value 2s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Humble
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  ELEANOR 
                  HUMBLE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Humble
               



            ; we keep the Northumberland Arms, Tottenham-court-road




. The prisoner had lived with us two months; on the 20th of October, I packed up these clothes to wash, and on the morning of the 21st, the prisoner left our house, with the linen, without notice - she was a yearly servant
, and had drawn the best part of her wages - she had let the washer-woman in that morning, and then gone off with the bundle; but I was not up - I have found the greater part of my property since.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROBINS
               



            . I am a constable. The prosecutor informed me of this, and I went to the Castle public-house, City-road, where we found the prisoner - I charged her with this robbery; she denied it - the prosecutor was with me - she went up stairs, as she said, to get her bonnet and shawl; I followed her - she took some things off the bed, and said they were all the clothes she had - I looked under the bed and found a box in which these things were; she denied it being her box; but I called the master, who said, it was not his box, and the prisoner did not deny it being hers after that - the box was locked; the prisoner would not give me the key of it, but I got a key from the landlady, which opened it - I found these two handkerchiefs and two caps, in her bosom; there were other clothes in the box.


                  ELEANOR 
                  HUMBLE
               



            . These are all my property except this one handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I lived two months in her house, and as I had lost some thing in her house, I would not stay there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
