





961. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     STUBBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of February
, 156 finger plates, value 5l., and 55 locks, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Frith
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been previously convicted of felony
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  JONATHAN 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Thomas Frith; he is a block ironmonger
, and lives in High Holborn


. On the 22nd of February the prisoner came for a pair of butt hinges - he told me to make the holes larger; he was walking about the shop - I watched him, and saw him go to the partition where the finger-plates were kept in parcels, which are marked; he took a parcel, and put it under his apron - my master's son was in the shop; we went to him, found the plates under his arm, and my master's son took them from him - I saw him take them from the partition; we have lost a great many of these articles.
Prisoner. He found nothing on me at all. Witness. Yes, I did, under his apron.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BIRDSEYE REEVE
               



            . I am the pawnbroker. I have a great number of plates, pawned by the prisoner at different times.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHN BARNETT
               



             FRITH. I am the prosecutor's son. I was in the shop, and saw the prisoner stoop down, and take the parcel - he passed it from his right hand to his left; I went, and took it from him - this is it; our mark is on the paper.
Prisoner's Defence. When I went to the place, where these parcels were, I took up one of them, and the witness said, "He had got a parcel in his hand," and called his father down stairs. GUILTY.


                  MATTHEW 
                  CARTER
               



            . I produce a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner, by the name of 
               
                  Peter 
                  Stokes
               



            , on the 9th of July, in the 9th year of his Majesty's reign; he was sentenced to three months imprisonment - I took him, and know he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 57. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
