





114. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November
, 1 clothes-basket, value 6d.; 8 shirts, value 2l. 16s.; 2 shifts, value 6s.; 1 night-gown, value 1s.; 1 table-cloth, value 8s.; 1 apron, value 3d.; 1 pinafore, value 6d.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 1s., and 1 night-cap, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hart
                  




               
            ; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer of the City. -On the evening of Monday, the 21st of November, I saw a cart cross from Tower-street towards Tower-hill; I saw two men come from behind the cart, and the prisoner was some distance a-head, carrying a basket: I followed him to Crutched-friars, and asked what he had got - he said he had been hired to carry it by a person on Tower-hill, and he thought he was behind him; I detained him, and have the basket - the articles stated were in it.
Prisoner. Q.When you stopped me, and I said I was hired to carry it, did you not see a person run away? A. There were two or three persons behind you, but I did not see any one run away; there was one person a little on the trot.


                  LOUISA 
                  HART
               



            . I take in washing. I know this basket - it contained the articles stated in the indictment - some of them are here; they belong to Mr. McGeary, in Love-lane, and my husband had to carry them.


                  RICHARD 
                  HART
               



            . I had the care of the basket and its contents on the night of the 21st of November - I packed it in my cart; it was safe when I left my cart at Billingsgate - I missed it on Tower-hill.
Prisoner. Q. Can you say you saw me near your cart? A. No.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office - I was present at his trial, and know he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I was asked by a young man to carry this basket - I did not know who it belonged to, or what was in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
