







1708. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     KEWITT
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GUBBY
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WASHINGTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July
, 1 shawl, value 2l. 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s., and 3 handkerchiefs, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Darling
                  




               
            .
JOHN DARLING. I am a mariner
, and live in New Gravel-lane; I had been from sea eighteen months, and was lodging in the Commercial-road


, at Mrs. Kewitt's - Gubby stated that he was her husband; I lodged eleven days there - Washington was a waterman
; they charged me for a fortnight, but I was only there eleven days - I paid them 2l. 5s.; I had a bag there, containing a shawl. a waistcoat, three handkerchiefs, and other things - I left the bag there about five o'clock on the 31st of July and returned at half-past ten o'clock at night; I found it had been opened, and the property stated was missing - it was not tied as I had left it; the prisoners were all there - Washington passed as Kewitt's brother; I asked Kewitt if she knew any thing about the property - she said No, and gave me a good deal of abuse, and called me every thing that was bad; she began to find fault with my country first, and I could not stand that.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was this a lodging-house for mariners? A. I do not know whether it was for mariners or landsmen; there was only one other man there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a Police-officer. The prosecutor came to me and said he had been robbed - I went to the house, and saw Kewitt and Gubby; he said they had robbed him - Kewitt said the ship's carpenter, who lodged in the house, had taken the things away; I took her into custody, and afterwards found two handkerchiefs at different pawnbrokers.


                  JAMES 
                  TYLER
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took Washington, and found a duplicate of part of the property on him.


                  EDWARD 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went with Mitchell; the prosecutor said he had been robbed in the house - Kewitt said another man had robbed him - the next morning I had a ticket given me of a shawl pawned by White.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you hear the ship-carpenter's name? A. No.
WILLIAM CLAYTON. White was given into my charge, Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did not the pawnbroker identify White as the person who pawned the goods? A. I believe so.


                  FREDERICK 
                  LANCE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This handkerchief was pawned by Washington in the name of Joseph Washington.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. What day was this? A. On the 4th of August; I had never seen him before- I swear he is the man; he gave his address, No. 2, Stepney-causeway - the handkerchief is hemmed, and I think it has been washed.


                  MATTHEW 
                  POULTER
               



            . I have a duplicate, stating that a shawl, a waistcoat, and a handkerchief were pawned on the 21st of July, and redeemed on the 30th, by a female, for Kewitt.


                  GEORGE 
                  WHIPPER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a silk handkerchief, pawned by Powell, in the name of Mary Powell.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  POWELL
               



            . I pawned a handkerchief with this witness for Washington - it was something similar to this; I did not have it in my hand a minute.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Did you ever pawn before at that shop? A. Yes.


                  ANN 
                  WHITE
               



            . I have been in the habit of pawning for Kewitt - I do not recollect pawning this red handkerchief; I am her sister - I remember the prosecutor living there; I do not remember his bag - I was not present when any person took any thing out of it; I have heard him say he had some handkerchiefs - my sister had them in her possession, I believe, by his wish; I pawned some goods for my sister, but they were folded up, and I do not know what they were - I gave them to the pawnbroker; I believe they generally open articles, but I was in a hurry, and did not take notice.
THOMAS DARLING. These are my handkerchiefs.
Cross-examined by CLARKSON. Q. What is the name of the carpenter? A. Alexander; he lodged with me all the time, but went away that night, and went on board the smack to Scotland - my handkerchiefs were not hemmed, nor washed.
Washington's Defence. These are my handkerchiefs - I believe the young woman is here, who knows I bought them of a butcher.
WASHINGTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
KEWITT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
GUBBY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
