





1960. 




CAROLINE BUNNIT,


 ANN JONES
, and 



MARGARET MAHONEY
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of August, 1 sovereign, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



John Stanley, from his person; and that Bunnit had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN STANLEY
. I am a bricklayer. On the 5th of August I was with a brother workman, named Wyard, (who is not here,) in Whitechapel-road, about half-past twelve o'clock on Sunday morning—we met with Jones and Bunnit, and accompanied them to a house—I agreed with Bunnit to give her 2s. to pass the night with her-when we got to the house, Bunnit and I went to bed—I do not know whether Jones and my friend went into the same house-when Bunnit had been with me about half an hour, she said she wanted some supper, and she went down—she came up after that, and I fell asleep-when I awoke she was gone, and I had lost my money, which I had had in my right-hand breeches pocket—I had had a sovereign and two shillings and sixpence—I had not taken off my clothes, only my hat and my shoes, and laid down on the bed—I am quite sure my money was safe when I paid her the 2s. in the room—I went for an officer, and found Jones and Bunnit in a public-house, drinking at the bar-in going to the station-house there was a bit of a row-when I missed my money in the room, a young woman came and awoke me—I cannot say who she was—I did not see Mahoney or Jones in my room.

JURY. Q. Were you sober or drunk? A. I had had two or three pints of beer—I knew very well what I was about.





ALLEN PIPE
 (police-constable H 51.) On the morning of the 5th of August, before one o'clock, I went to No. 13, Rose-lane, where I found the prosecutor—he said he had been robbed, and named the money-his pocket was cut out—he gave me a description of Bunnit—I told him to come with me—I went to a public-house at the corner of Wentworth-street, where I found Bunnit and Jones—I had seen them knocking there before—it was then about two o'clock—I took Bunnit to the station-house, and said to Jones, "You had better come with us"-in going along I saw Bunnit was putting something into her mouth—I said, "What is it?"—she said, "A shilling"-Mahoney came up and took some money from her—I took Mahoney about five o'clock—they all lived in the same house-Bunnit lives in the first-floor front room—I found some silver, but no sovereign.


Bunnit's Defence. He came to the public-house and laid he wanted me—he took hold of one hand first, and then he took both my hands, and one shilling was passing through my fingers—I dropped 1s. 3 1/2 d., and when I got to the station-house I gave up all I had, which was 2s. 2 1/2 d.





MICHAEL DEMPSEY
 (police-constable K 247.) I produce the certificate of the former conviction of the prisoner Bunnit—(read)—I was a witness on her trial—she is the same person.

BUNNIT—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

JONES—


NOT GUILTY
.

MAHONEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
