







568. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WIMBLE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Cyrus 
                           Jay
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  CYRUS 
                  JAY
               



            . I am an attorney
, and live in Sergeant's-inn, Fleet-street. On the 16th of January, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I was on the right-hand side of Ludgate-hill


, going home; I had occasion to use my handkerchief shortly before it was taken - I was walking very fast, and just at Stationer's-court, suddenly, three men came out of Stationer's-court, as I thought; I felt them take my handkerchief, and seized one of them - I could not tell which took it; I am quite sure of all their persons - I held the man I seized, and delivered him to the watchman - the other two did not attempt to run away; in fact, they could not, for the watchman was close by - my handkerchief was found at the feet of one of them; I felt it taken - I did not see them actually come out of the court; I did not see them till I felt my handkerchief taken.


                  MERCY 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I live in Regent-circus, Piccadilly. I was on Ludgate-hill, alone, going home; I overtook three men on Ludgate-hill; a gentleman was in front of them, walking at a rapid pace - the three men appeared very close at his heels; I observed one of them flit the handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket; they were all three together, in a line - I had been behind them about five minutes; they were in company - the gent'eman missed his handkerchief, and turned round; I pointed to one of them, and said, "That is the man;" he collared him, and called Watch! the watchman was there instantly, and they were secured; Jones is the one who took the handkerchief.
Jones. Q. Did you see me throw the handkerchief away? A. No; you were all three together - I had heard so much of Barking, I was anxious to pass them; I saw them together for five minutes - they seemed in conversation lowly, but were not arm-in-arm.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HONEY
               



            . I am ward-officer of Farringdon. -The prisoners were brought into the watch-house, and acknowledged they were acquaintances.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTTON
               



            . I am a watchman. I had noticed the three prisoners parading the hill for an hour previous to this transaction; I suspected they noticed me, and I lost sight of them for a quarter of an hour - I saw no more till I was called over by the prosecutor; he pointed out Jones, who I took first - I secured them all; Lewis said he was the man who took the handkerchief, which I picked up at his feet.
Jones' Defence. The gentleman was walking before me; he turned round, and said he had lost his handkerchief; the young woman said I took it - I was about three yards from it; they led me to it, and said it was at my feet - I know nothing of the other two men.


                  MERCY 
                  LEWIS
               



             re-examined. I first saw them on Ludgate-hill, and was behind them about five minutes; they were walking very fast after the prosecutor - I was anxious to get in front of them.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
WIMBLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Life
            .
