



371. 




WILLIAM GADBURY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Chamberlain, on the 
28th of November, at the 
Liberty of Norton Falgate, and stealing therein 1 gown, value 2l.; 1 veil, value 6s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 card-case, value 2s.; 1 waist ribbon, value 6d.; 1 yard of lace, value 6d.; 1 piece of silk, value 6d.; and 1 stock, value 6d.; the goods of 



James Chamberlain; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






CAROLINE CHAMBERLAIN
. I live at No. 11, Fleur-de-lis-street, in the liberty of Norton Falgate, and am the wife of James Chamberlain—he occupies the house—the back of the house looks into Mr. Cave's yard. On Wednesday, the 28th of November, I was at home washing at the back of the house until between six and seven o'clock, and then I was eugaged with my family in the back parlour—about seven o'clock I found the window broken looking towards Mr. Cave's yard, and both the drawers open—the window was broken from the outside—a man might put his hand through and unfasten the window—the sash was opened from the outside—I

cannot say whether it was fastened before—there is a fastening, but a very temporary one, it is a drop, which is out of order—I had not been into the room after ten o'clock in the morning—the sash was then down—when I found my drawers open I went and told Mrs. Cave—she went round, and I saw her pick up a silk stock, a piece of silk, and a bundle of pieces of my children's frocks, in her passage—I know they were in the drawer on the Sunday, but the card-case I put into the drawer that very morning, and a silk gown was there—I had seen a man in the same dress as the prisoner about the premises that day, which was Wednesday.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it the morning of the day you lost the things that you put the card-case there? A. Yes—I know the house is in the liberty of Norton Falgate, because I pay the taxes—there was a young person in the house who had been in the room after me—the last time I saw the person like the prisoner it was dusk—I had seen him before that after dinner—I did not see his features.





MARY CAVE
. I live at No. 12, Elder-street, Norton Falgate. The prisoner lodged in our house about a fortnight, till the 28th of November—he came in for the key of his room between five and six o'clock that evening—I live next door to Mrs. Chamberlain—in consequence of something I heard from Mrs. Chamberlain, I went round to the back of her house, and the saw window looking into my yard was broken—it was quite dark then—I found a black stock, some small pieces of silk, and a bundle of small pieces in the yard—I showed them to Mrs. Chamberlain—she came round to me again, and sent for an officer—the bundle was in the back passage leading to my house—I went up to the prisoner's room, found the door locked, and the key taken away—we got it open, and sent for an officer—I picked up a waist-ribbon in his room, and gave it to the officer, who remained at our house till half-past two o'clock, but the prisoner did not return home.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find the prisoner lodging there when you came to take the house? A. Yes—I had only been there a fortnight—he was recommended to me by the former housekeepe





GEORGE TREW
. I am a police-constable. On the 28th of November, I was sent for by Mrs. Chamberlain—I examined a window, and afterwards went to Mrs. Cave's house, into a bed-room, and there found this waist-ribbon.





SARAH WATLEY
. I am twenty-three years old, and have been acquainted with the prisoner for the last two months—I kept company with him, but did not live with him—I lodge in Catherine-place, Commercial-road. On the 28th of November, at half-past eight o'clock in the evening, he came to me, and gave me a veil, a handkerchief, a card-case, a piece of Blonde lace, and the lining of a bonnet—I put them into my box—the officer called on me on the Tuesday following, and I delivered them up to him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the officer take you and the things before the Magistrate? A. Yes, I was placed in custody, and afterwards examined as a witness—I get my living by frame-working—I have no parents—I was lodging with a young woman I have lodged with for two years—she is a widow, and gets her living at the London Hospital—I work for the weavers—I work for Mr. Clift, and have done so for four years—the prisoner is the only young man I kept company with.





WILLIAM ALDERMAN
. I am a policeman. I received information of

the robbery, and afterwards took the prisoner into custody, in Pearl-street, Spitalfields—I had seen him pass Mrs. Chamberlain's house, look up at the house, and then walk away in company with another young man—I followed him, with another constable, and then took him into custody—I took Watley into custody on the following Tuesday—I received from her a veil and other things, which I produce.





CAROLINE CHAMBERLAIN

re-examined. All these things—(looking at them)—are my husband's property—I know this waist-ribbon, found in the prisoner's room, it is the very ribbon I was married in—I have a piece which was cut from it.

MR. PAYNE. Q. There is no mark on it? A. No—I have been married seven years, and have had the ribbon ever since.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
. I am a policeman. I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction of felony—(read)—the prisoner is the person—I apprehended him, and was present at his trial in January, 1835—he was sentenced to be transported for seven years, which was commuted by the interest of his friends, to three years' confinement in the Penitentiary.




GUILTY
—of stealing only. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
