






798. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     TEASDALE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     COLE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 2 seals, value 2s.; 1 watch-key, value 6d.; 2 watch-chains, value 2s.; 3 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Wheeler
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am a journeyman ironmonger
, and am single. I fell in with the prisoners in Holborn, between seven and eight o'clock on the 25th of March - I was not sober, but I remember meeting them; I was inquiring for a lodging, and they asked me to go home with them, to a cook-shop, in Gray's Inn-lane


 - we had some gin, and they showed me up stairs to bed, and when I was in bed they, thinking I was asleep, came and robbed me; one of them came with an intent to come to bed, but before she came she took my watch and money - that was Teasdale; I had three sovereigns and a half-sovereign, 3s. 6d. in silver, and a farthing, in a purse - Cole was in the other room when Teasdale came into the room where I was; neither of them undressed, but Cole came in and laid on the bed, and Teasdale was in the room, undressing - when I missed my watch I went to look for it, Teasdale assisted in searching for it, and then she took my trousers and took my purse out of my pocket; Cole was in the room at the time - I saw my watch when I got to the station, it had some soap suds on it, which I had not put on it - I had put it under my head with my trousers; I made an alarm when Teasdale took my purse; she denied it - I got up and called the Policeman; but before that Teasdale had put the candle out - I heard one of them about the grate after the Police was called, and when the officer came he found my money in the fire; the purse and watch were found on Teasdale.
Cole. I was called in at a quarter before twelve o'clock; you said you were thirsty, and should like some beer - I said it was too late to get any, it was one o'clock - you said it was not much after twelve, and you looked for your watch and missed it; I had been in bed with you, and I got up to look for your watch. Witness. No, it was not you; it was Teasdale came in, and then I missed my watch.
DANIEL HUMPHRIES. (Police-constable G 74). I was called to this cook-shop at half-past one o'clock - the landlord gave me information of a young man who was calling Police; I went and found the two prisoners and the prosecutor in the room - the prosecutor was holding the door to; he had sense enough to detail his loss to me - he said he had lost three sovereigns and a half, and 3s. 6d. in silver - he afterwards said he had lost his purse and his watch; he took the purse and watch out of Teasdale's hand - I searched the grate and found two sovereigns and a half, a sixpence with a hole in it, and a gilt farthing - the third sovereign was found in the purse by the prosecutor.
CHARLES BROWN (Police-constable G 178). I was with the other officer; what he says is true.
THOMAS WHEELER. This is my watch and purse.
Cole. I was with him at the beginning of the evening, but left him, and did not return till near twelve o'clock, when I was called into the room - he then wanted beer, and missed his watch; he got up and pulled the clothes off, he then found it - he then locked the door, and said he had missed three sovereigns and a half - I was dressing, and asked him to let me go out; he said No - he struck me, and said he was robbed - the two officers were fetched, and the money found, but I do not know who put it there.
TEASDALE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
COLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
