





OLD COURT. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1015. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     GUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 22nd of March
, 1 pair of trousers, value 10s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 1 jacket, value 1s., and 1 pinafore, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ladd
                        




                     
                  . well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LADD
               



            . I live in Lower Chapman-street, Cannon-street-road


. On the 22nd of March my son William left my house; in consequence of something which passed between him and me, when I saw him, I went with an officer to a house in White's-yard - the prisoner was at the door of the house; I went in and told her I had come for some things she had of mine - I mentioned a pinafore, the fellow to one the boy had on; I told her she had received stolen goods from my son, and read her an inventory, and mentioned trousers, a hat, stockings, and jacket; she produced them according to my account - they were worth about 16s.; she said she gave my son 16d. for them, and that he said he could have brought a great many more things if he liked; they are here, and are his clothes, but have been cut and disfigured - the collar of the jacket has been taken off and altered; I missed them from my son's box the day he left the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LADD
               



            . I ran away from my father's on the 22nd of March - I took my clothes out of my box, put them in my pinafore, and went round to White's-yard, which is about a quarter of an hour's walk; I had been nearly three years in the Refuge for the Destitute, and when I came home I ran away directly, and sold my clothes to the prisoner; she asked me if I could get her any thing to sell - I told her Yes; she then said, "Come in, come in, and I will reckon with you;" she then looked at the things, and asked how much I wanted for them - I said 1s. for the trousers - she said, "No, I will give you 6d.:" she reckoned up all the things, and gave me 16d. - she knew who I was, because I had been there before.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not ask how you came by them, and were you not asking people in the street to buy them? A. No; I had them in my pinafore - she asked if I had any things to sell; she had told me a week before if I got any thing she would buy them of me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRANT
               



             (Police-constable H 37.) I accompanied the prosecutor to the prisoner's house - she stood at the door; the boy said, "That is the woman who bought the clothes;" I said, "Do you know this boy?" she said No; I said, "You never saw him before!" she said No - the prosecutor said, "Yes, you have been the rum of my child - you have his clothes, and must produce them;" she said, "Well, walk in," and produced them from a box - she said she gave him 16d. for them.
WILLIAM LADD. They were in very good condition when they were taken; they have since been cut and hacked about, and worn; my son is not quite thirteen years old - I lost them on the 22nd, and found them on the 26th.
Prisoner's Defence. He was asking people in the street to buy the clothes, and having four children I thought I might as well buy them as any body else - he sold a pair of trousers and stockings before I saw him.
WILLIAM LADD, JUN. I did not sell them; I gave them to a boy who I knew.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
