



2081. 




THOMAS GALE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of September, 1 gelding, value 10l. the property of 



George Austen.






GEORGE AUSTEN
. On Friday the 4th of September, I was at Barnetfait—I took a gelding there with several other horses, and at half-past six o'clock in the evening I placed them in a field near Barnet, which I hired during the fair—there is a gate to the field, which I locked, and left them secure—I missed a brown gelding next morning—the gate was taken off the hinges, and the gelding taken away—I pursued, and found it on the forest at Walthamstow, with the hair plucked out of its tail, and the mark the letter T on the off-shoulder, cut out, as well as it could—but it was visible—I took possession of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When had you bought the horse? A. I bought it in Wales about three weeks before I placed it in the field—I had been travelling with it on the road, till then—I clipped the letter T on it, because it is an easy mark to clip—I do it in all my cattle—I lost it on Friday night, and found it on the Sunday following, grazing on the forest—the tail was not cut, only the hair.





JAMES PATMORE
. I am one of the police-constables of Walthamstow—I saw the prisoner on the 5th of September, with a horse on the forest—he had got his arm round its neck. leading it to water—he sometimes

lives at Walthamstow, and sometimes elsewhere—he has no particular place—I believe the pony was in Layton parish—that is the adjoining parish to Walthmstow—It was between one and two o'clock in the day that I saw him—I did not speak to him—I went across to the horse, and looked at it about twenty minutes afterwards, when he was gone away from it, and saw the letter T cut on the off-shoulder—It was disfigured, but I could still make out that it was a T—I saw the horse again on Sunday, between four and five o'clock—Austen had got it in his possession then—It was the same horse as I saw the prisoner have, with his arm round its neck—I took the prisoner into custody on Sunday the 6th—Austen gave him in charge—I found him at Shedricks beer-shop, on the forest, right opposite where the pony was—Austen sent for me, and when I came up, I found the prisoner with him, at the beer-shop—when I went in, the prisoner asked me if I saw him on the Saturday with the pony, I said, "Yes, I saw you with your arms round its neck, leading it to the water; and after that you turned it off again"—he said, "No, I did not, nobody saw me with the pony, I never touched it. ".

Cross-examined. Q. Then Saturday the 5th was the day, was it? A. Yes; between one and two o'clock—I have always said that was the time—I was on duty on the forest—I had my uniform on—In twenty minutes or half an hour after he took it to water that I went across to the pony, but the prisoner was gone to the beer-shop then; he was between fifty and sixty yards from me when I first saw him with it—I do not believe he saw me—the horse was by itself when I went and looked at it, it was feeding about the spot where he had turned it off to feed—I had never seen it before that day—It was a gelding pony, about thirteen and a half hands high.





SAMUEL HIGGIN
. I am a bricklayer, and live at Walthamstow. On Saturday the 5th of September, I saw the prisoner on the road which leads from Chingford to Walthamstow, riding a horse—he got off and walked a little way, and led it—then got up and rode again—It was between six and seven in the morning—he was coming towards Walthamstow—It was a small dark brown horse—I did not see it again till the Monday morning following, when it was at the Crooked Billet—the man was taking it to the Magistrate—It was after the prisoner was taken up—Austen was there—It was the same horse aas I had seen the prisoner leading and riding.

Cross-examined. Q. Pray, was it quite light? A. Quite light—I saw the horse very plain—he was riding at first—he got off, and led the horse on the near side of a hay-cart, going towards London—I stopped, and noticed him after he passed me, and he got up again and rode—I noticed him, and also the horse—I swear it was the identical horse that I saw on the Monday.

Prisoner. I do not know any thing about it.
(William Warr, corn-dealer; Job Kidner, butcher; and Sarah Cole, widow, all of Walthamstow, gave the prisoner a good character.).




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

