



1546. 




WILLIAM HALLAM
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Margaret Crawley, on the 
17th of February, at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 eye-glass, value 5s.; 1 toothpick, value 6d.; 1 thimble-case, value 1s.; 3 pairs of ear-rings, value 15s.; 4 brooches, value 8s.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; 2 breast-pins, value 4s.; 1 watch, value 21. 4s.; 1 seal, value 2s.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; and 1 spoon, value 1s.; the goods of the said Margaret Crawley.






MARGARET CRAWLEY
. I am a widow, and live at No. 15, Crown-street, St. Giles's. On Friday, the 17th of February, I left home at four o'clock in the afternoon, leaving my lodgers in the house, but nobody in my own apartments—I occupy the two parlours and let out the rest—I locked them both up when I went out—the street door is always shut—it was on the latch, and cannot be opened outside without a latch-key—I returned about ten o'clock, and went to bed without noticing any thing—about twelve o'clock next morning I had occasion to go to my drawers in the back room, and missed two boxes—(one of which had jewellery in it,) and my watch which laid by the side of it—the other box contained an eye-glass, a certificate of my marriage, and memorandums—I had seen the boxes not five minutes before I went out the day before, when I took two rings out of one—I also lost a silver tea-spoon off the mantel-piece in the same room, which I had seen about twelve o'clock the day before—I had not been out of the house between twelve and four o'clock—I might have been down

stairs—the window was shut down when I went out, and secured by a catch✗ on the 18th or 19th of May I was fetched by the policeman, and saw pair of ear-rings, and the chain of my watch, which had been in the box which was missing—I know the watch-chain by its being broken, and I had tied it with a bit of string to the snap—it was attached to the watch at the time it was taken—it laid by the boxes in the drawers—1 had the keys of the drawers and of the door in my pocket—I noticed no marks of violence on the door—I cannot say whether my drawers were locked or not—I put the key in as usual next day, and did not notice that they were open—I slept in the back room, and locked the door when I went to bed—1 should think nobody could have gone into that room while I was there that morning, and take the things without my perceiving them—I did not go out before I discovered my loss—I did not know the prisoner before now, but I have seen him pass before, as his mother lodged in my house—he came his to his mother several times before the robbery—I knew he was her son.

COURT. Q. Before the Magistrate you stated that when you went to your drawers at twelve o'clock, you found them locked? A. I cannot say to be certain, whether they were or not—I thought so at the time—I have said 5l. was the amount of the property lost, but it is much more to me—the watch is worth 2l.—it is a gold watch capped, but not jewelled—the earrings and other things are worth 35s. together.

Prisoner. Q. Have you a spring bolt to your lock? Witness. No the door shuts with a catch, and then I lock it—the catch can be turned outside by the handle—I have a door between the two parlours—they open from one into the other, and each have a door into the passage—the front door also has a handle the same as the other lock—I cannot say whether I shut the door between the front and back rooms when I went out—in the afternoon I went to the top of the stairs, and said to his mother, "Mrs. Cotmore, I am going out—will you be so good as to answer the door, and put my front shutters to?"—I am certain I locked the door after me—the shutters were put to tight outside—they will stick together without any fastening—they cannot be fastened without going into the room—the window in the front parlour was secure, as well as the back, when I went out.





MARGARET COTMORE
. I am the prisoner's mother. Mrs. Crawley told me of the robbery next day—I remember her going out on the Friday—she told me to answer the door if any body called—that was between four and five o'clock—I believe my son was at my place at that time—I occupy the front kitchen—we were both in the kitchen together when she called out—I went out about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after, leaving my son in the house—when I returned he was gone—I had told him to stop till I came back, and he said he would—when I returned, I found an old lady who lodged in the house named Madden—my son returned in a very few minutes, and I asked what made him go out—he said a young man who knew he was there knocked at the railing, and called him out, and he went and spoke to him—he soon went away—he is a whitesmith by trade.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me go outside the door when I was going away? Witness. Yes, I saw him going away the last time.





ANN BROCKLEY
. I have known the prisoner twelve years. On Friday the 17th of February, I went out to tea with a friend, and on returning home between eight and nine o'clock at night, I met the prisoner with a small basket, and a box in it—he asked me to have something to drink with him—which I did—I met him again on Saturday morning, about nine o'clock, by St. Giles's church—he remained with me all day, and in the

evening he gave me the basket with the box in it—I cannot say what sized box it was—he gave me a chain before Christmas—he gave me a pair of brass ear-rings, which I gave to my niece, Amelia Baker with the chain—my husband is a night watchman, at Drury-lane theatre—I have been in custody here for three weeks to give evidence for want of bail—I have not been living with my husband for two years—I go out to work, and have been living with my sister off and on nearly fifteen months—I was with my mother before that—I go out cleaning since my husband has left me and he allows me 4s. a week.





ELIZABETH BEACON
. I am the wife of George Beacon, and live in Castle-street, Longacre. On the 18th of February, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, Ann Brockley came to my house, and made my little girl a present of a pair of ear-rings—she had a basket on her arm, and a little box in it—she had been drinking a little—I saw an eye-glass, a silver toothpick, a silver teaspoon, a quantity of old fashioned pearl buttons, a little china box with the words, "Forget me not "at the top, and looking-glass in the lid of it, and in that little box was a pair of ear-rings—I do not know whether they were gold—they were yellow, and set with little white stones—she threw a marriage certificate into the fire—I took it off while it was burning—it was burnt, but I was able to see that it was a certificate of marriage—the names on it were Margaret Pearson and John Crawley, married at St. George's, Hanover-square—she placed the all things I mentioned on the table in the box, and asked me to take care of them till next day—she took the basket away and left the box with me—it was four or five inches long, and about three inches wide—on the Sunday morning, during my absence, she came and got it away.

Prisoner. Q. If the certificate was burnt, how could you read it? A. I took it off and read the names while it was burning—the box was either cedar or mahogany.

JURY. Q. Was the certificate entirely consumed? A. Yes; I threw it down on the fire, as it burnt my fingers.

MRS. CRAWLEY
re-examined. My husband's name was John Crawley—my maiden name was Margaret Pearson—I was married at St. George's Hanover-square—I lost two boxes, one was about three inches wide—I lost a silver toothpick, and a string of pearl buttons; a china box, with "Forget me not" written on it, and there was a looking-glass in it.

Prisoner. Q. Are not these forget-me-not boxes sold very commonly in china shops? A. I cannot say; I never bought one.





ANN BROCKLEY

re-examined. I went to Mrs. Beacon's on the Saturday night, between ten and eleven o'clock, when the prisoner gave me the box—I had the basket with me—the prisoner had given it to me—I took it there, with the things in it which the prisoner gave me—I did not take them out at Mrs. Beacon's—that is false—there was a box in the basket, but I did not take it out—I left the basket and box there—1 have heard her evidence—the things were never taken out by me—I gave them to the prisoner again on the Sunday morning—I did not see any marriage lines✗—I saw a piece of paper in the basket, and I threw it into the fire, but I did not know what it was—Mrs. Beacon did not take it out of the fire and read it in my presence—I left—I did not see the reading—I had no motive for putting it into the fire—I did not know what it was till I heard it at Bow-street—1 am sure I did not look into the box at Mrs. Beacon's—I have been examined before.

Q. Do not you recollect, when, you were examined before the Magistrate, saying, "I cannot recollect whether I looked into the box or not at Mrs.

Beacon's? A. I do not remember saying that—I cannot rightly say whether I said so or not—I was a long time there—I never did look into the box—I went next day for the box and basket, and gave it to the prisoner—I saw no more of it.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you give me the box? Witness. At my sister's on Sunday, between one and two o'clock, I believe.

JURY. Q. How long were you in Mrs. Beacon's room on Saturday? A. I do not suppose I was there above five minutes—I do not suppose I stopped two minutes after throwing the paper into the fire—I had to go the play-house for my money—I had been drinking in the day time, but was perfectly correct then—I cannot say whether the paper was entirely consumed before I left—I had no motive in burning it.

Prisoner. Q. Did you and your sister go to market on the Sunday morning? Witness. Yes—I cannot tell at what time—I did not look at the clock—I left you at my sister's, and you were there when we came back.





CATHERINE MARSHALL
. I purchased a pawnbroker's duplicate of Maris✗ Baker, for 6d.—I cannot exactly say when—I sent my son Charles to redeem the articles—he brought me back a pair of Cornelian ear-rings—I pledged them again the same day, at the same place, Mr. Hawes's—I sent Mary Rutherford to pawn them for me.





CHARLES GEORGE MARSHALL
. I received a pawnbroker's ticket from my mother, and went to redeem the articles at Mr. Hawes's, the pawnbroker's—I gave them to my mother.





MARIA BAKER
. I am the sister of Ann Brockley. I sold the duplicate to Mrs. Marshall—I cannot say when it was—I have known the prisoner about nine months—he has been backwards and forwards for some time after my sister—he called at my house one Friday night (in March, I think, but I am not sure,) with a basket—I did not know what was in the basket then—he went away with my sister and the basket—they came again about half-past nine o'clock next morning, and were at my house most of the day—he gave my sister the basket while I was in the room—they were both very much in liquor at the time—I saw a small old-fashioned tea-spoon, an eye-glass, and the top of a parasol, as I thought, in the basket; and there was a small box, and these things were in the box—I found a pair of ear-rings on my bed a day or two after, or the next day—Mrs. Offer lodged in the house—she was there, and saw the things—I found a pair of Cornelian ear-rings on my bed, in the room they had been sitting in—my sister had laid down on the Saturday afternoon—I do not know whether I found them on Sunday or Monday, but I had them in my possession three or four days, if not a week, and then I pawned them, for 2s., at Mr. Hawes's—I sold the duplicate to Mrs. Marshall, for 6d.—I have since seen it at Bow-street—my daughter had a neck-chain—I do not know when I first saw it—I think it was on a Monday, about a week or more after the prisoner had been at my place with the basket—I put the chain on a gold locket of my daughter's; and being in want, I pawned it for 1s.—I saw it afterwards at Bow-street office, with the duplicate—it was the same as I had pawned.

Prisoner. Q. Was the box open when you saw it? Witness. I cannot say for certainty—I cannot say whether it was open when it was first produced, but it was open when I saw the things—Mrs. Offer was present when I saw the box—it was taken out of the basket—I or Mrs. Offer opened the box—we were thunderstruck at the time, to see what was in it.





MARGARET OFFER
. I lived at No. 8, Stacey-street, at the time the

robbery was committed, in the same house as Mrs. Baker—on a Saturday afternoon, to the best of my recollection, between four and five monthe ago, I saw the prisoner and Brockley together—I was in my own room, and Mrs. Baker called me out—I went into her room, and she took the basket off her sister's arm—she opened it, and there was a lot of little jewellery in it—and a watch which Mrs. Brockley wore round her neck with a chain—in the box was an eye-glass, a tobacco stopper, and a silver teaspoon—the watch was on her neck when she came in—I did not see it taken outof the basket—there were some brooches, but I cannot say how many, and a pair of cornelian ear-rings in the little box—I went into my own apartment.

Prisoner. Q. Did you take the box out of the basket with Mrs. Baker at all? Witness. I did not—I do not know who opened the box—I do not know whether it was broken on one side.

COURT. Q. Are you a married woman? A. Yes—my husband is a coachmaker's labourer, in the employ of Black and Co., Oxford-street,—he has worked for them about seven years—I have been married to him six years, and live with him—the box was mahogany colour, and four at five inches long.





EMMA AMELIA BAKER
. I am the daughter of Mrs. Baker, and live with her—she gets her living by washing and needle-work, or anything she can get to do—I work at book-folding. On Tuesday, (the 21st of February, I believe,) I received a chain from my aunt—I was at home on the Saturday morning when she came with the prisoner, but I did not see the basket, as I went away—I was not at home all day—I was out from nine o'clock in the morning till half past seven o'clock in the evening—I kept the chain some time, but one morning I missed it, and my mother told me she had pawned it—I have since seen it at Bow-street, when I was examined—the snap and locket attached to it are mine—I put it on the chain, and it was on when I saw it last—I did not take it off—I took the snap off which was on the chain when it was given to me, as it was broken, and I put on one of my own—I gave the one I took off to Soper, the officer, on the 27th, when he asked me for it—I do not remember seeing my mother with any ear-rings. GEORGE CURTIS. I am shopman to Mr. How, a pawnbroker. I have a pair of ear-rings which were pawned on the 22nd of February at our shop, with a pin, by Brockley or her sister, in the name of Baker—they were redeemed on the 27th of March, and the ear-rings pledged alone the same day, for 2s.—I have a chain and locket which were pawned on the 30th of March, for 1s.—here are the duplicates.

Prisoner. Q. Is it possible anybody could swear to the ear-rings? Witness. I should think they might—I should not think they could swear to the chain.





THOMAS SOPER
. I am a policeman. I have a snap which I received from Emma Baker.

MRS. CBAWLEY
re-examined. These are my earrings—they are particularly short, and the drops are such as are not made now—I have had them about thirty years—I have on particular mark on them, but I know them from the general appearance—the chain is mine—it was broken from the snap when I lost it, and I tied it together with a piece of cotton—the snap and locket are not mine—I was in the habit of wearing the chain and watch together—this is part of the snap I lost—this is not the same thread as I tied it with—I have had it for years—I know it from its being broken—the catch of it was broken.






EMMA AMELIA BAKER

re-examined. The catch of the snap was broken✗ when I had the chain, and would not fasten—that was why I took it off—it was fastened to the chain with thread—I threw the catch away, being useless.

MRS. BAKER
re-examined. These are the ear-rings and chain I pawned, and these are the duplicates for them.





THOMAS POCOCK
. I am a policeman. I took Mrs. Baker into custody, and found the duplicate of a chain pawned for 1s.





ANN BROCKLEY

re-examined. I never saw these ear-rings till I saw them at Bow-street—when he gave me the chain, the catch of the snap was broken, but whether there was a thread to it I cannot say—he gave me the chain before Christmas.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in the habit of going backwards and forwards to see my mother—I happened to go there that Friday, and Mrs. Crawley called out to my mother on the top of the stairs—my mother asked me to stop in doors while she went out—I said I would, but I was called out by a young man to go to a situation in Oxford-street—I went after it, and was not gone above a quarter of an hour—when I came back my mother was at home, and let me in—I went down stairs, and stopped five or ten minutes longer—while I was down stairs she was called up to the door by a young female, and stood talking to her against the door—I came up and went out while she was at the door, and never went back till the Tuesday in the week following—my mother then said that she had given Mrs. Crawley warning to leave her place on the Saturday week; but she was rather poorly, and I helped her to move I think on the Tuesday or Wednesday in the next week, and from that Mrs. Crawley gave it out that she suspected me of committing the robbery, which I am innocent of, so help me God.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
