



278. 




WILLIAM JOHNSON
 was indicted

> for feloniously assaulting 



William Johnston Jackson, on the 
11th of November, and putting him in fear, and stealing from his person and against his will, 2 shillings, 3 sixpences, 3 pennies, and 3 halfpence, the monies of 



Richard Everard.






WILLIAM JOHNSTON JACKSON
. I am errand-boy to Richard Everard, a butcher, living in Waterloo-terrace, Commercial-road. On the 11th of November the prisoner came to master's shop—I did not know him before—he said, "If you please will you take 1 1/2 lbs. of mutton chops, and change for a five-shilling piece to No. 7, York-street, West?"—my master sent me with the chops, and two shillings, three sixpences, three penny pieces, and three halfpence—I got to York-street, knocked at the door, and nobody there wanted chops—I was coming away, and turned into White Horse-street—I saw the prisoner—he said, "You have not taken them chops"—I said, "No, Sir, I can not find the place"—(I knew him to be the person who ordered them)—he said, "Oh, you have made a mistake as to No. 8; but give me the change, I want to get some beer"—I said, "No, Sir; I shall take the change where I take the chops"—he said, "But I want to get some beer"—I said, "Then they can give you change where you get the beer"—he said, "No; they cannot give me change"—I said, "They can always give change at a public-house"—he then took the money out of my hand—I had it in my hand—I was not holding it tight—he took it suddenly from me, there was no struggle for it

—I was not aware of it—he put a bad five-shilling-piece into my tray—I took it up, looked at it, and said, "It is a bad one"—he turned away directly—I said, "It is a bad one"—he said, "No, it ay'nt"—I went to a public-house at the corner, and they looked at it—the prisoner went away with the change—I kept the five-shilling-piece, and left my chops at the beer-shop—I went to look for him, and almost directly saw him at Mr. Burton's railing, a good way off—I did not speak to him—I called, "Stop thief," but nobody was there—I saw no more of him till he was in custoday, a fortnight afterwards—I swear positively to him—I gave the crown-piece to mistress, and master chopped it in halves next morning.





WILLIAM WILTSHIRE
. I am a policeman. I received a crow-piece from the witness—it has been cut in two.





ANN EVERARD
. I am the wife of Richard Everard. The prisoner came to the shop—the boy's statement is perfectly correct—I sent him with the change and chops—he brought back a bad five-shilling piece, which I gave my husband when he came home—he put it on the mantel-piece till next morning—the boy gave it to the officer in my presence—my husband chopped it in two in my presence.





GEORGE EDWARD AUSTIN
. I am a cheesemonger. The prisoner came to my shop on the 21st of November, and bought two rashers of pork, which came to 2 1/2 d.—he offered me a bad shilling—I asked where he lived—he said in Punderson's-gardens, Bethnal-green—I had him apprehended for passing bad money.





JOHN FIELD
. I have been many years Inspector to the Mint. These two pieces are parts of a counterfeit crown-piece, and not worth a farthing.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of them.





SAMUEL BYROM
. I am a broad silk wearer, and work for Messrs. Haynes and Davis, of Trump-street. I have known the prisoner twelve months—I cannot tell how he gets his living—I could take my oath, if I was on my death-bed, that he is not guilty of "robbing the mutton chops"—he was in my company till three o'clock on the 11th of November—I took home my work that day—master told me to come after more—I went into the Ship in Brick-lane, and saw the prisoner there at half-past ten o'clock in the morning, and staid there till three o'clock in the afternoon, and never missed the prisoner out of my sigh——he was in the tap-room—it was on Tuesday, the 11th of November—I was there from half-post ten till five o'clock, drinking there—I had nothing to do—I went out to have a bit of dinner at the cook-shop—I was gone from about half-past one till half-past two o'clock—I am sure I returned at half-past two o'clock—I believe the prisoner was there then—I cannot swear it positively—I do not remamber missing him out of my sight—I cannot say where he went while I went to get ray dinner—I will not swear he was there when I returned at half-past two o'clock—I knew him, but I was not acquainted with him to go drinking with him—I will swear he was there after I came back from my dinner—I cannot say positively I noticed him when I came in—I cannot say whether he was there or not—I went on the 29th of November to the same house, it being close to my own home—I heard them talking about somebody being in trouble—I inquired who it was—they said a young man that used to wear a brown coat—I said, "I saw him in here that day, and he was here pretty well till dark—I left him here when I went to have dinner"—I went before the magistrate—I do not know a bad shilling, if I had one—I never heard of his being in custody as a smasker.







WILLIAM JOHNSTON JACKSON

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long was the prisoner talking to you in the street? A. I suppose about five minutes—the change was in my hand, not in the tray—he put the five-shilling-piece into the tray—when I looked at it to see if it was good, the prisoner turned away—he took the change from me—I was rather flurried—I had not seen the man before he ordered the chops—I know him by his dress and features, his coat and handkerchief—his coat was black—it was a buff handkerchief, not spotted—he had a frock coat and a velvet collar.

MRS. EVERARD
re-examined. I was at home when the chops were ordered—I am certain the prisoner is the person—the chops went out between three and four o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen him before? A. Never—he did not come into the shop—he came up the steps of my shop, which goes up four steps—I had no other customers—I cut the chops off, and sent the boy off with them—my opportunity of seeing him was very slight—I sat in my back parlour at work—I have not a green blind over my window—my child was in the cradle—hearing him, I looked up.
(Robert Pickroe, builder, Poppins-court, Fleet-street, appeared to give the prisoner a good character, but acknowledged he had heard he was an utterer of base coin.)




GUILTY of stealing from the person only. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
