







563. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOWMAN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CARTER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROBINSON
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December, 36 bottles, value 3s., and 30 quarts of wine, value 6l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pettinger
                  




               
            .
JOHN PETTINGER. I keep the Green Man, at Finchleycommon




 - Bowman is a gardner
, and Carter is a labourer
; they both lodged at my house - Robinson worked on the road. On the Thursday after Christmas-day I employed Bowman and Carter to lade some water out of my cellar, and during that time, I lost a dozen and a half of wine, but I did not miss it till the 12th of January, and on the 13th of January, the cellar-flap was broken in the night, and I lost near a dozen and a half more - I went to the Magistrate, and gave information; I went with the patrol, and found Bowman with two full bottles of wine, and one nearly empty, at Mr. Horner's stable, where they change horses for the first stage out of London - the bottles were hid in the straw of the stable, and Bowman was rather in liquor; I asked him how he came by it - he said he had bought it, or had it made a present to him, I do not know which - I believe it to be my wine, and it is sealed in the same manner, but I cannot swear to it.


                  NEAL 
                  LADD
               



            . I am a publican, and live at Finchley. On the 8th or 9th of January, Bowman was in my tap-room - he called me, and said, "Here are two bottles of wine, which I will make you a present of;" I said, "Did you get them honestly" - he said Yes; "Then (said I) take them home, for I will have nothing to do with them" - I had only seen him once before.


                  JOHN 
                  BLINDALL
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor" - Bowman told me that Carter took the first bottles of wine, and showed him the way to the cellar; that was on the first day they were taken to Clerkenwell - Carter was with him, and did not deny it; Bowman also said, that Robinson took four bottles of wine, and sold them to Mr. Bell, at the Red-lion, Finchley.
THOMAS BELL. I keep the Red Lion. On the morning of the 9th of January, Robinson came to me, and said he had got two bottles of wine to sell - I said, "How did you get it?" he said a van broke down, and he and Bowman had assisted, and they got six bottles for their labour, they had drank two, and he would sell these for 2s. a bottle - I did not want it, but I bought it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  CLARK
               



            . Bowman came to my stable on Monday or Tuesday, the 14th of January; he said he had two bottles of wine, and asked me if I could tell him where he could sell them; I told him No, and he went away.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a horse-patrol. On the 14th of January the prosecutor came to me to go to apprehend Bowman - we found him in the stable of Mr. Horner, and these bottles of wine were there; I took Carter and Robinson on suspicion.
BOWMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.
CARTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ROBINSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
