



1799. 




WILLIAM PASLEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Joseph Clark, on the 
9th of July, at 
St. Luke, Chelsea, and stealing therein 4 pairs of boots, value 2l.; and 2 pairs of shoes, value 16s.; his goods; and that he had been before convicted of felony.







ANN CLARK
. I am the wife of Joseph Clark, a boot-maker in South-street, in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea. I went to bed on a Friday night above five weeks ago—I was the last person up—I secured the house—I fastened down the window, closed the kitchen shutters, and bolted the door—to the best of my recollection I bolted the shutters, and am not sure—I am sure I put the window down—the boots and shoes were all safe, at eleven o'clock, in the kitchen—in the morning, four pairs of Wellington boots, and two pairs of shoes, were missing—one pair was taken and the other pair dropped in the area—they were all new—the prisoner was a journeyman of my husband's about three months previous—I saw the things at Queen-square on the Tuesday following.





GEORGE FOSTER
. I am the policeman. I was present last March in the New Court, when the prisoner was tried—I have certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read)—he is the same person.





THOMAS TUNSTALL
. I am a policeman. I met the prisoner on Saturday morning, the 9th of July, in Little Cadogan Place, about a quarter-past four o'clock about a mile from Mr. Clark's, with a bundle—I asked him what he had got in his bundle—he said some boots and shoes, which he was taking for his employer—I asked him where he brought them from—he said from North-end, Fulham, and was taking them to Monmouth-street for his employer, who had purchased them the previous evening—I took him to the station-house, and have the property.





JOSEPH CLARK
. I went to bed about twelve o'clock on Friday, the 8th, but was not in the kitchen that night—I got up about seven o'clock on Saturday morning, and missed four pairs of boots and two pairs of shoes—I know all these to be my property by the workmanship—the shoes are new, but the boots are all new fronted—one pair was taken off the trees—it is Pennett's work.





JOHN PENNETT
. I was working for Mr. Clark at the time in question—I remember coming one Saturday morning about six o'clock, and when I came down I found the kitchen window open and the kitchen door ajar—the two bolts of it were not fastened—I found a pair of shoes in the area—I brought them in—I had made them myself, and know them—I made all the shoes produced, and know them to be my work—I had seen them the day before in the kitchen.





ANN CLARK

re-examined. The door leading to the area was closed when I left it, and both bolts bolted—I fastened the window, which was found open—I closed the shutters, and I believe, bolted the window, but sometimes the catch springs back—by throwing the window up the spring would go back.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported For Life.

Fourth Jury, Before Mr. Recorder.

