



1231. 




GEORGE MUNDAY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of February, 12lbs. of soap, value 5s.; 8lbs. of bacon, value 3s.; 6lbs. of sugar, value 5s.; and 1 1b. of tea, value 5s.; the goods of 



Samuel Lilley, his master.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY DAVID WEST
. I was in the service of Mr. Lilley on the 25th of February—the prisoner was his shopman—early that morning, as we were getting up, he asked me to lend him my box; I brought it down stairs, and when I opened the shop, he said, "I wish you would pack these things for me; "and he brought me four bars of soap, the bacon, and the other things, mentioned in this indictment; he told me they were for himself, and I packed them in my box, as he desired me—he then told me to carry them to Mr. Enever's, a gardener, who lives about a quarter of a mile down the lane—I asked him whether they were set down—he told me they were—I took them, and left them as he desired me, at Mr. Enever's.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. What are you? A. An apprentice. I have been there two years and three months—my time was not out—I left Mr. Lilley in consequence of his suspecting I was engaged in this transaction—he had charged me with pilfering once before—I had given a shilling in change by mistake, and he thought I had done it wilfully—he asked me where the shifting was; I said I did not know; I thought it was in the till—the prisoner and I have been good friends—he never hit me but once—we have quarrelled once or twice—I cannot tell how many times he has scolded me for being lazy, and not attending to my work; but it was not very

often—I never said I would be revenged on him, nor any thing of the kind—I have been to the Coach and Horses; I never lunched there but once—I have been there when my friends have come to see me; they have put their horse there—the prisoner has not said I was doing very wrong to go there so often, and that he was sure I was spending money that was not my own—I came to town with Mr. Lilley, and when we came, be charged me with this, and I was taken to prison for a week—I cannot tell why I was not committed—I did not agree to give evidence against the prisoner at Union-ball—I never denied the charge—Mr. Lilley asked me whether I packed the things up; and I said, Yes, by the prisoner's direction—I was under the prisoner's orders—I was not asked if I would come and give evidence against the prisoner—I was asked what I knew about it, and stated as I have now, that I acted under hit orders—I was then liberated on bail—I do not recollect that any thing was said to me about giving evidence—I was not in the habit of sending my box to town; I had never sent it—I know Mr. Wiltshire; I never sent my box to him for myself—I had taken a box to Mr. Wiltshire for the prisoner.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How often had you sent this box to town? A. Twice, by the prisoner's direction—I never sent it without.

COURT. Q. Does your master deal in these things? A. Yes; the prisoner brought them to me to, pack up—I asked him if they were put down—he said, "Yes"—my matter was ill at the time.





JAMES ENEVER
. I am a gardener, and live at Walthamstow. On the 25th of February the box was brought to my house, but I was not at home—the prisoner came there afterwards—he stopped his horse and cart, and asked the girl for the box—she went to give it him, but could not get it from under the table—my wife asked me to give it into the cart, which I did—Godfrey wat in the cart with the prisoner—the box did not appear to be empty.





GEORGE GODFREY
. I am fourteen years old—I remember going with the prisoner to London on the 25th of February—he stopped at Mr. Enever's and said, "Where is that box I am to take to town?"—Mr. Enever gave it him in the cart—we came to town—he drove over London-bridge—he put the horse and cart up, took me further on, and left me at a public-house, and he took the box on his shoulder—I stayed at the public-house three-quarters of an hour—he then came back with the box empty on his shoulder—he gave it to me, and I put it into the cart by, his direction—he told me not to say any thing about his putting the horse and cart up—I afterwards gave the box to Mr. Enever's boy—I had noticed when Mr. Enever gave the box, that it was heavy, for I could not lift it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever been to London before? A. Yes; but not with the prisoner—never to buy goods for his master—he brought some that day.





SAMUEL LILLEY
. I am a tallow-chandler, grocer, and cheesemonger, and live at Walthamstow. The prisoner was in my service, and was discharged, on the 27th of February, from something I had heard—I went to an officer, and on Monday the 2nd of March I went to No. 9, New-street, Southwark; the prisoner's wife and child, his mother and brother were there; I saw the officer find this soap; and he took from a closet one piece of sugar, and in a corner of the room he found another piece, of sugar, covered with dirty linen—when the prisoner entered my service he stated himself to be single, and that hu had lived in that character before—I never

doubted it—he came to me on the 20th of October—I had sent him to London on the 25th of February to purchase goods—in going from my house to the lodgings in New-street, it is necessary to go over London or Blackfriars-bridge.

Cross-examined. Q. You would not venture to swear that any of these articles belong to you? A. Yes; I would to the soap—I have sugar here which corresponds with what we found at the lodgings—I can swear to the soap by the make; it is yellow—I had not seen any of the persons I saw at the lodgings before, to my knowledge—I have seen them since, when I was endeavouring to apprehend the prisoner with the officer—there are a great many complexions of soap—this was in a box wrapped in blue paper, and some of the paper adhered to the soap—another tradesman might have put his soap in blue paper, but it should have been a very rare thing that it should be the same coloured paper—the alkali would take the colour out, and put a colour in.

Q. Did not the prisoner offer to give himself up when you spoke to him about this? A. No; I had some suspicion on the Monday after this took place, but not enough to apprehend any man upon—and he came to me to know if I had any thing to say against him, I said, "Munday, I am afraid I shall have"—he promised to meet me at his father's home, in Bishopsgate-street, at three o'clock that day; I went there and waited till nine o'clock, and he did not come—I did not go to town with him at the time he came to me, because I had another person to take, and I wished to search his lodging, though I did not tell him so—I discharged my apprentice also, as I had been in the counting-house and seen him take a shilling, and when I went to look for it, it was not there; but it was explained, and the man came back and brought the shilling, and said, he had it by mistake among the halfpence which he had given him—I had him examined at Union-hall on this business, and he was remanded for another examination, but he was never committed—I did not ask him to come and give evidence against the prisoner, the Magistrate bound him over.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you had some accident? A. Yes; a horse fell with me and knocked my knee all to pieces, the prisoner came to my bed side to receive orders; he was my principal shopman; the other is only a lad—here is no entry of these goods in the book.

Prisoner. Q. Was I to enter them if they were sold for ready money? A. No.

COURT. Q. Do you permit your servants to pack goods in a box and send them away without booking them? A. No, of course not; I am speaking of the counter-trade; but if such articles as these were sold for ready money, of course the prisoner should book them.

MR. JONES. Q. How long were you ill? A. I think between a fortnight and three weeks, but I used to get down into the room where I could see the transaction of business—my wife was there and my sister—the prisoner had the whole charge of the counter—the apprentice was to clean things, and take things out—he has sold things, but the prisoner was there, and he acted under his direction—I have blamed the prisoner for letting the apprentice serve.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How soon after the prisoner had made an appointment to meet you in London did you take him? A. It was on the 2nd of March he appointed to meet me, and I was not

able to take him till the 20th of April—I was looking for him, and so were the officers of Union Hall.

MR. PHILLIPS
to
HENRY DAVID WEST. Q. Did the prisoner ever mention New-street to you? A. Yes; in the course of conversation he said his brother lived there—I am quite certain he told me these articles were booked.

Cross-examined. Q. You brought the box down, and packed the goods in? A. Yes; he brought them for me out of the shop—I packed them in the warehouse, on my master's premises.





JOHN NEWCOMBE
. I am an officer of Union Hall. I went in search of the prisoner to New-street—I found his mother and wife theft—I found these cakes of soap there and this sugar—the prisoner said before the Magistrate, that the box he brought from Mr. Enever's contained nothing but his own wearing apparel.

Prisoner's Defence. I am entirely innocent—I borrowed the apprentice's box to take my own things to my mother's, and I brought it back—I know nothing about these things—I gave myself up to Mr. Lilley directly Mr. Wiltshire told me of the charge—my not meeting him at three o'clock that day, was my not seeing Mr. Enever; and the next morning I heard my mother was in custody—I went to a solicitor, who advised me to stay out of the way, which I did; but I did not hide myself—West knows he put the things into the box.





HENRY DAVID WEST
. No; I put nothing but the goods into it—there was no black coat, nor any shoes.

JURY. Q. Were you authorised to examine the books? A. No; not after Munday.





SAMUEL LILLEY
. West had no authority to examine the books—if he sold any thing he might put it down.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
