






1647. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     GATES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September

, 1 watch, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Holden
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLDEN
               



            . I am a jeweller
, and live in the Quadrant, Regent-street



. The prisoner came and bought a thimble - she came again in two or three days, and left it to be engraved - she then asked if I sold watches - I said"No," but I had one, and I showed it to her - she came again on the 16th of September for the thimble, and asked if I would send my boy with the watch to No. 40, Golden-square, where she lived, for the cook to look at, and if she approved of it the money would be returned - I sent it by the boy - I did not tell him he was to bring the money back, but he heard me tell her it was to be 2l. 8s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TIMPSON
               



            . I am errand-boy to the prosecutor. He desired me to go with the prisoner to No. 40, Golden-square, and take the watch - when we got to No. 38, she asked me for the watch, and I let her have it - (there is no No. 40) - she said she would let me in at the private door in five minutes - she went round the corner, and went off.


                  JAMES 
                  STUART WALLIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 16th of September I took in this watch of the prisoner - I lent 1l. 4s. on it.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
1648. 
               
                  MARY 
                  ANN GATES
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September

, 2 watches, value 6l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Phillips
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I live in High-street, Marylebone



, and am a working jeweller
. On the 27th of September the prisoner came to my shop, asked to look at some thimbles, and had one which she said was to make a present to the cook's daughter - she bought one for herself - she then asked if I had a good watch which I could recommend - I said I had one or two - I showed her one which was not jewelled, and one which was - she said it was for the cook, and she would like one with diamonds in it - I said she might show it to any tradesman, it would bear examination- she said, "I have had dealings with you before, and I believe you are an honest man" - she then asked for my boy to go with her to where she lived, at No. 38, Golden-square, to take the watches to show - I asked her if she would like to take a gold one - she said no, that would be too fine - her master would not let the cook wear that - if she had taken that, I would have gone with her myself - I sent the other two watches by the boy, and said to him,"Mind, the money or the watches" - he said, "Master, I am not to be done" - I have seen them since at the pawnbroker's.


                  EDWARD 
                  EARLY
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's service. On the 27th of September, I was sent with the prisoner to No. 38, Golden-square, with the two watches for the cook to look at - in going along, the prisoner said she had had dealing with my master before, and thought him an honest man - when we got to No. 38, Golden-square, she took the watches and said, "If the cook disputes my word, you mustcome to the door - she looked down the area, then turned and ran round the corner.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have one watch, which was pawned by the prisoner, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Gates
               



            , on the 2nd of October.


                  JAMES 
                  REARDON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a watch, which was pawned by the prisoner on the 2nd of October.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
