





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
245. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ROEBUCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 30th of October
, 10 kid skins, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Fownes
                        




                     
                   and others, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.
HENRY FOWNES. I am a glove manufacturer
, and am in partnership with other persons - we have one place of business in Tavistock-street, and one at Battersea. On the 2nd of October, between four and five dozen of skins in an unmanufactured state, were lost from our premises at Battersea; they are never sold in that state - I went with my brother and two officers to the prisoner's premises, on the 30th of October; we saw the prisoner there.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERT FOWNES
               



            . After we had lost these skins, I made great inquiries, and went to the prisoner's house, in Whitechapel


, on the 29th of October - I saw him, and asked if he made gloves to order; he said he did - I asked him to show me some colours of leather; he showed me two drab skins, and one brown one - I purchased one skin, and sent it down that night to Battersea- I received it back the next morning; I and my brother went to the prisoner's with two officers; I saw the prisoner, and asked him where he had bought the skin I had bought of him the day before - he said he did not know any thing about it; I then asked him to show me the two skins I had looked at - he said he did not know any thing about them; I then asked if be had sold them - he said No; I said, "Have you cut them up into gloves?" he said, "I have not, I know nothing at all about them; but if they were here last night, they are here now;" the officers then searched the shop, and in a basket behind the counter, under some waddings, they found some black skins - there were between three and four dozens; my brother selected nine skins, as part of those which had been taken from us - my brother is always at the manufactory; we asked the prisoner to account for them - his answers were evasive; he said he had bought some of a Mr. Bevington, and some of Mr. Savage - he did not name any one else at that time, but at the Police-office, he said he bought them of George Arnold; I do not identify the skins.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. About what size shop is the prisoner's? A. A small shop - he appeared to sell waddings and skins for muffs, but the whole was in a very confused state; when I went in the first time the skins were on the left-hand side, and he produced them openly to me; they were drab, which is a common colour in the trade - my brother's name was not on the skins; a stranger might have bought them innocently.


                  HENRY 
                  FOWNES
               



            . I went with the officer, and found the skins - I picked out nine, which I know to be our property, and was a part of those stolen from us on the 2nd of October - we never sold any in that state.
COURT. Q. What is your opinion respecting the others? A. That they were other persons' property - they were not ours decidedly; the nine selected were all black- our dyers put a private-mark on them, by which I know them.
Cross-examined. Q. Who are your dyers? A. We have several; they do not all make the same mark - they are our own men; they do not dye for other persons - some of them are here; I will not swear they do not dye for other persons - these skins are finished, and were so when we found them; we have sold finished black skins, and dealt very extensively in them, but not in this state - we never sell black skins, unless they are strained, which these are not.
MR. ALLEY. Q. You never sell them in this state? A. No; I can speak decidedly, with respect to the drab skin - that is not strained; they are worth 20s.; the prisoner never was on our premises, nor saw our men.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRENDERGRASS
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the shop, and found under the counter a basket with the skins in it; out of which Mr. Fownes selected nine - they were covered with wadding.


                  JOHN 
                  DANCE
               



            . I am a dyer employed by the prosecutors. These skins are all my master's property.


                  JOHN 
                  PEDDOR
               



            . I am a dyer to the prosecutors. These are their skins.


                  GEORGE 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am a glove-manufacturer. I saw the officer with these skins at the Police-office; I never sold these or any other to the prisoner - I have not seen him these three years.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him? A. Yes, I know him well - I know one Mr. Corran to my sorrow; he was in my service.
Prisoner's Defence. A lady came to my shop on the 9th of October, and wished me to make a pair of kid gloves to her size; I had not got a skin which would do, and on the 10th I set off at seven o'clock in the morning to go to Mr. Arnold's to buy a coloured skin for the purpose of making a pair of gloves, to be ready by the Monday - when I got to Oxford-street I had a wish to go andsee the park, but went into a public-house, and had a glass of gin and water - when I had been there some time, who should come in but a young person named Insel - we were rather surprised to see each other, and I said, "What brings you here?" he said, "I and King have been to 
               
                  George 
                  Arnold
               



            's with a parcel;" I said, "Where is he? I want to see him;" we came out, I left him, and went to Arnold's - I purchased six coloured skins and twelve black ones of him - the six coloured I gave 13s. 9d. for, and the black ones 1l. 2s. 6d. - I paid him 13s. 9d. for the coloured skins, not intending to buy any black, as I had some at home; but he wished me to take them, and I was to pay him next time I went to the West-end; when I was at the office Arnold denied that Insel or King had been at his house.
JURY to GEORGE ARNOLD. Q. Did you see the prisoner on the day mentioned? A. I have not seen him these three years; there is no truth in what he has stated- a young man brought a parcel one Sunday morning in October to go in my parcel to Torrington - I do not know what it contained; I do not know the young man's name.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
