





310. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM PATTERSON 
                     FLANNAGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of December
, 1 hat, value 4s.; 1 powder flask, value 6s.; 3 caps, value 6s.; 1 seal skin cap, value 2s.; 1 quilt, value 4s., and 1 blanket, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a licensed victualer
. On the 23rd of December I lost this property, and some other things - they were in my child's school box on the Monday evening, and on the Wednesday, at half-past seven o'clock, they were gone - the prisoner lodged in my house on the Monday and Tuesday night.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I keep a sale-shop on Saffron-hill. On Wednesday, the 23rd of December, the prisoner sold this seal skin cap to my wife for 1s. - I was at the door, and gave the 1s. out of my pocket; I then went down to my other shop - my wife came there, and brought this powder-flask; I went back to my other shop with the Police-man, and the prisoner was gone - I looked, but could not find him: at last I found him in a privy - he had left the powder-flask with my wife; the Police-man said,"You are the man I want; you have stolen these things"- he said, "Don't handcuff me, and I will go quietly."


                  RICHARD 
                  EDWARD
               



             BARKER. I have a blanket and a quilt, pawned by the prisoner on the 23rd of December.
MAURICE NICHOLAS. I am a Police-man. I took the prisoner - I have three caps, which I found in the shop, and this hat was on the prisoner's head.
Prisoner. About ten days previous to last September a circumstance took place in which they attempted to implicate me in taking eleven sovereigns and a watch -I found the person who had been guilty of it; I advised him to return, but he would not - I then promised that I would take it all upon myself; I wrote a letter to my mother-in-law, stating that I had eight sovereigns and a half, and if they would send to me I would deliver them up - a Bow-street officer accompanied them, and took me; I was in confinement, and when I went into society again I could get no situation - I had one hundred and four guineas a year in my former situation; I had discharged some men for drunkenness, and they took this opportunity of injuring me - I am guilty of this crime, but previous I had been like Caesar's wife, beyond suspicion; I told the officer that I sought for transportation, as I was miserable - happiness is the pursuit of every man, and I must seek it through the means of transportation.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
