






600. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     SCAMMELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January

, 7 boxes, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Tilt
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHEPHERD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  MARY 
                  REEVE
               



            . I have lately been nursing in the family of Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Tilt
               



            , a tobacconist
. On the 19th of January, fifteen or sixteen snuff-boxes were taken from his window; they could be taken by a person without coming into the shop.


                  THOMAS 
                  NISBETT
               



            . I live with my father and mother,in Ravenhill's-rents, near Leather-lane. About the middle of last month, I saw the two prisoners together in Leather-lane



, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; I had known them before - I saw Scammell sell some boxes to Shepherd; they were in Scammell's hand when I first saw them - he sold them to Shepherd; I believe I saw five of them - I believe Shepherd said he would give 9d. for them, but I saw no money pass; I did not see any shilling, nor heard any thing about change for a shilling - no one has been talking to me lately about this; I told my mother that I saw Shepherd buy the boxes; I did not see him put them into his apron.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTRIDGE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I received information from Nisbett that he had seen some boxes pass between the prisoners; I took Scammell first, and asked him what he had done with the boxes which he had - he said he had had no boxes; I mentioned about some being taken from a tobacconist's in Gray's Inn-lane - he still denied it; I then said he had sold some to Shepherd - he said he had sold him five for 9d.: I sent for Shepherd, who denied having any, but when I told him Scammell had acknowledged he had sold him some, he said he had bought five of him; he then took me to a house, and gave me five, and when I got him to the station he told me there were two more at his house - I went there and got them; he sells greens and other articles about the streets.
Shepherd. Q. Did you ever see me do any thing wrong, or idle my time? A. No.
JAMES TILT. These are my boxes. I put eighteen boxes on one side of my window that morning, and eighteen on the other; I lost fifteen of them in the evening - a piece of glass was broken out of my window; it had been mended, but the piece was quite firm in - these are worth seven shillings.
Scammell's Defence. Shepherd bought them not knowing them to be stolen; I told him I had found them.
Shepherd's Defence. I bought them, but I declare I never knew they were stolen.
SCAMMELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SHEPHERD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
