






1378. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JAMES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SCHOFIELD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of July
, 1 pair of shoes, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Jackman
                        




                     
                  ; and that the said John James had been previously convicted of felony
            .
WILLIAM RICHARDSON. I am shopman to Mr. William Jackman, a bootmaker
, near the Pantheon, in Oxford-street


. On Friday, the 2nd of July, James came to our shop to try some Wellington boots - we fitted him with some, and he did not like them; we promised to get him some in half an hour, and he went out; Kennerley then came in, and asked if he had bought any thing - we said No; in a short time Schofield was brought in with this pair of shoes, which were missing.
JAMES KENNERLEY. I was near the prosecutor's shop, and saw the two prisoners skulking about; I told Betraun of them - they then went to a mews, and there changed coats; they came up again, and James went to this shop - when he came out I saw something in his left-hand coat pocket; Schofield had been close outside the shop - they went together down a street; I went into the shop, and asked if James had bought any thing; they said No - I came out, and told Betraun; we went down Blenheim-street, and saw the prisoners - Schofield came and abused me; I saw Betraun go and pick something off a dung-hill, close by where the prisoners had been - Shofield was taken at that time, and James about five o'clock in the evening.
ANGELIOUS BETRAUN. I saw the two prisoners together; they went through the market - I went over, and saw Schofield near the shop, and the other in it; they then joined, and went down Blenheim-steps, into a mews - I saw James near a dung-hill; I felt his pockets, but he had nothing, and I let him go - Schofield was abusing Kennerley, and I went and took him: a man told me where the shoes were, and I found them - James was taken afterwards.
JOHN KILBY. I have a certificate of the conviction of James on the 14th of January, 1829, by the name of John Peter Jungclausen - he was fined 1s.; I was a witness, and know he is the person.
JAMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
SCHOFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
