



1058. 




GEORGE SAYCE
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of February, 4 shirts, value 6s.; and 6 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; the goods of 



Richard Mallinson.






RICHARD MALLINSON
. I live in the Minories, and am a slop-seller. On Saturday, the 9th of February, the prisoner came to my shop—he inquired the price of my shirts—I told him—he said he should want from four to six hundred, to go to Carolina—he went away, and returned, and said he thought the shirts would do very well, that be would pay me half the money on Monday, and the other half before the goods were sent from my house—on the Monday I received a note from him, which I have here—I sent my son down with four patterns, as he requested, to show his friends—he came afterwards, and said the shirts would do very well, and he was to have a hundred and fifty of each pattern—I had sent the patterns merely to show his friends—I expected them to come back, to form a portion of what were to be sent—I did not give him credit, to pay for them after they were delivered—the declaration the prisoner made was, "I am ready money, I shall pay you half the money on Monday, and the other half before the goods go out of your house"—I received this note on Monday evening—I had not sent any before I received it, nor did I know where to send them—I sent the shirts merely as samples, not upon sale—I sent eight shirts as samples, and he selected four.

Prisoner. I admit having these shirts from him as samples of what I was going to purchase. Witness. He came again, and said he wished to extend the order to some slops—the shirts would come to about 60l., and be said he would make it up to 100l.—I then received another note from him—I began to think that things were not altogether right—I sent a coat down that was not finished—on the Saturday morning after I took the coat I saw him—he said, "At four o'clock you shall have the money"—I said "You have told me so many different stories about the money, I shall take

the coat back—he then coloured up, and said, "You are very strange, or crusty, about this coat"—I said, "You give me reason"—I had delivered six handkerchiefs into his hands, to show to the same person—they were as patterns, not for sale—I only delivered them as samples—these an the shirts and handkerchiefs—(looking at the them.)





JOHN MALLINSON
. I am the prosecutor's son. I saw the prisoner the second time he came on the Saturday—he said the shirts would answer the purpose, and on Monday he would bring part of the money—the Monday came, and we began to have our doubts till this note came; and on the Tuesday, in consequence of this note, I took eight shirts to the prisoner's lodgings—he took four—I saw him, and he said, "You have come here with the patterns."
(Read)—"MR. MALLINSON, I shall not be able to Call on you to-day, but will thank you to send me, for the inspection of my friend, who joins with me in the shipment of the shirts, but who is an invalid, a shirt of each pattern, the dark and the white, for him to see—I shall be up in the morning, and will pay you one half of the amount, and the other half before the delivery from your house.
"I am, respectfully, your obedient servant, GEORGE SAYCE.
"At Mr. Codd's, No. 2, Cannon-street-road, St. George's in the East."

Witness. I went on the Monday evening, and he was gone to bed—I went again on Tuesday morning, and laid a different quality before him—what I left were not on sale, but merely as samples to show to his friend.





JOSEPH BLAY
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce three shirts, which were pawned with me by the prisoner, on the 12th of February.





THOMAS MICKLEFIELD
. I am in the service, of Mr. Telfer, a pawnbroker. I have six handkerchiefs, pawned by the prisoner on the 14th of February—to the best of my belief, it was in the latter part of the forenoon.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Printer's Defence. I was in expectation, when I called on Mr. Mallinson, of going to South Carolina—I had a friend, whom I expected here, who would have paid for these—I took patterns, and I admit I pledged them, but I considered them as part of the order.




GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Seven Years.
