





1756. 




THOMAS WOOL
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of June, 60 musquash skins, value 10s.; and 60 others skins, value 10s.; the goods of 




John Bates
 and 




ROBERT TOOMAY
 and 



JOHN WATSON



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the statute, &c.; to which 


Thomas Wool pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.





THOMAS BENJAMIN HURT
. I am warehouseman to Mr. John Bates, a furrier, in Long-lane. I gave out one hundred and thirty-eight dosen and a half of musquash skins, and five dozen of them were missed—there are the skins, to the best of my knowledge—I missed them on Wednesday week last, the 22nd of June—Wool was in our employ.





THOMAS SMITH
. On the 23rd the prisoners, Toomay and Watson, came to my shop, and offered these skins for sale—I suspected they had been stolen, and questioned them—Toomay said they bought them at Gravesend in exchange for glass—I called the policeman, and they both ran away—I followed them, took them, and gave them in charge—when they got to the station-house, they said they had them of Wool, who was at the station-house door.

Walson's Defence. These two young men came up to me, and asked where was a furrier's, and I told them.





WILLIAM PAYNE
. I am a pipe-maker, and work for Mr. Jupp, in wood-street. I was with him last Wednesday week—I have been since working for Mr. Jackson, in Unions-street, at making pipes—Thomas Gold and John Collins work there with me—I was with Watson, on Wednesday week, the 23rd, in the country—he came from Bustingford—we went there for the good of our health, and to sell ornaments for fire-stores—we came to London the same day, and got there between eight and nine o'clock in the evening—I was with Watson when Toomay came up to us, in Union-street, Southward, with the skins in his hand, and asked if we knew where to sell some skins—he said were they hare skins r rabbit skins, because he understood them—he said no, he did not know what they were—Watson said he knew one person who might buy them—he went with him—that was on Thursday morning between nine and ten o'clock—I did not see wool there—I left Watson and Toomay at the corner, and went to my own work.

Toomay. I did not know they were stolen—I was to get a shilling for selling them—I received them from Wool.

TOOMAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Confined Three Months. WATSON—


NOT GUILTY
.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
