






733. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MESSENGER, alias 
MESSENBERG





               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COOK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering a building, within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           O'Brien
                        



                     
                  , on the 23rd of January
, and stealing 10 fowls, value 10s.; 1 stirrup, value 1s., and 1 pint pot, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        O'Brien
                     



                  ; 2 shirts, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 coat, value 1s. 6d., and 1 pair of stockings, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Robinson
                        



.


                  JOHN 
                  O'BRIEN
               



            . I am a mariner
, and rent a house in Edmonton parish


. On the 23rd of January my servant reported that my hen-house was broken open; I was not at home that night - the hen-house is in my yard, and does not communicate with the house; Robinson sleeps in the same room with my father.


                  HENRY 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. O'Brien, On the 23rd of January I went to bed about ten o'clock at night - I left two shirts, a handkerchief, a coat, and stockings in a bundle in the stable, which is enclosed in the yard; the door was shut, and the hen-house door was locked - I left all safe about half-past nine o'clock; about half-past six in the morning I found all the things laying about, and missed my clothes - I found an iron crow in the stable; it did not belong to us - the hen-house door was shut, but the lock had been shoved back, and fourteen fowls taken out of twenty; I saw the prisoners in custody the next day, with five fowls - I knew there were two particular French ones among them, which I can safely swear to.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FORSTER
               



            . I am a constable. On the 24th of January I received information about five o'clock, and went to Cook's house, with Fowler and Aylin - I have seen Messenger there a good deal, but do not think he lived there regularly; I found Cook, his son, and Messenger there - as soon as we could obtain a light, Fowler and I searched the house, leaving Aylin at the streetdoor, and while we were searching, Aylin brought up a bag, in which was a large doe-rabbit and a fowl - Ingram found a rabbit and three or four fowls; we immediately took the prisoners into custody - Robinson claimed the fowls before the Magistrate.
Cross-examined. Q. Messenger occasionally lived at Cook's? A. I do not say he lived there - I never saw him in bed there; I found him there dressed.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  AYLIN
               



            . I went to Cook's house, and was stationed at the door - while the officers were searching something came out of the window, and fell on my head -I sent for a light, and found a bag at my heels, with a rabbit and two fowls in it; they were warm and just killed - that must have been what came on my head; I went upstairs, and told them what I had found - a rabbit and three fowls were thrown out of a window into the yard; I could not say from which window they came, but only one was open when the light came; Robinson claimed the fowls.
Cross-examined. Q. How many houses are there together? A. There are three in the yard; there are two rooms and a cellar in Cook's house - there is no room on the ground floor; I know Messenger occasionally slept there; Cook's son is about twenty-one years old - he was sitting at the fire with them; the bag must have come from Cook's window.


                  JOHN 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am a constable. I went to the house - we searched the room, and found nothing but the back part and the gut of a fowl in a part of water - Aylin called out that something was thrown out of window, and we immediately apprehended the prisoners - Robinson identified the fowls before the Magistrate; Cook's son was discharged.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he dressed? A. Yes, but his shoes were not laced.

JOHN INGRAM. I live near the yard, in which Cook's house is. On the 24th of January, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, Fowler called me; I went to Cook's house with a candle - it went out; I went for another, and in the yard, under Cook's window, I found a rabbit and three fowls, dead, but quite warm - they were not in a bag; Robinson claimed them.


                  HENRY 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am quite sure the fowls were my master's - here are the wings and feet, which I swear to.
Cross-examined. Q. Is not that quite a common plumage? A. Perhaps it may be.
Cook's Defence. I was in bed at half-past ten o'clock, and did not get up till six.
Messenger's Defence. Fowler had stopped me the day day before, when I was coming up here to a young woman who was in trouble - I slept in town that night; I got up next morning, went to Tottenham, and called at Cook's, about six o'clock - Fowler saw me go in, and knew I had nothing.


                  JOHN 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I did not see him till he was found in the house; I was in bed when I received the information.
COOK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MESSENGER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.





               Transported for Life
            .
