



1664. 




SAMUEL READ
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of May, at 

St. Lawrence, Jewry, 1 pair of stocking value 2s.; 1 bottle of oil, value 6d.; 1 cash-box, value 10s., 2 foreign coins, value 1s.; and 6 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



John Hardwidge; and 1 shirt, value 3s.; the goods of 



John Price Newton, in the dwelling-house of the said John Hardwidge.


MR. DOANE
Conducted the prosecution






LUCY HARDWIDGE
. I am the wife of John Hardwidge, and live in King-street, Cheapside, and the lodgings. Some time in May, the prisoner came to me, and asked if I had a spare bed—I told him I had—he engaged it—next morning, he told me he had come of London from Oxford seeking a situation—I kept my cash-box in a drawer in the bedroom he slept in—he went away on the 15th of may—on the evening of the 14th of May, I went into the bed-room, about half-past ten o'clock, to take something out of cash box—when I had taken what I wanted there remained on in sovereigns and some silver, and two foreign coins—one

of them had a hold in it—I locked it up it up safely again, and locked the drawer—the prisoner went into the room within three minutes after—no one went in from the time I left it till he did—he came to brankfast about half-past eight o'clock on the 15th; and as soon as breakfast was over, (about nine o'clock) I went into the room where the cash-box was—I found the drawer in the same state as I had left, it, but the cash-box broken all to pieces, and the whole of the money gone—the prisoner had them left the house—I called in a police officer, and a carpet-bag was locked into which the prisoner had brought there—it was opended by the offer, and there was found shirts with different initials, a pair of stocking and an oil bottle—I know on of the shirts was Mr. Newton's who had been a lodger of mine, and had left some linen in my charge—I had put the shirts into another drawer—I have since looked at hat drawers, and the shirts were all gone—the prisoner did not return that morning—I met him on the 13th of June which was about three weeks or a month after, in Cheapside—I said, "Mr. Read, is that you?"—he said, "Yes, it is"—he then said, "Dont't hold my arm so tight"—I had grasped his arm, and he said it made him look conspicuous—he said, "Take hold of my arm, "which I did—my intention was to walk till I met a policeman—he them said he had written to his friends, was and it would he all settled; and when we got to Bow-lane, he said, "I cannot go home with you"—I said, "Yes, you must"—he said, "No, I cannot"—he pulled his arm from me, and ran from Bow-lane—he was pursued, and taken in Honey-lane-market—it is my dwelling-house; an it is in the parish of St. Lawrence, Jewry.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is it your dwelling-house? A. Yes, my husband's—I do not know how much sliver there was in the the box—I know how much I took how much silver there was in the morning—I went into the room about three minutes before the prisoner the next morning—he had been down half an hour before the prisoner the next about nine o'clock—I Owed up stairs—he owed me nearly 3l.





ROBERT TUREE
. I was called, in and took the prisoner—I saw the carpet-bag in the bedroom, locked—I sent for a smith to pick the lock, and found these various articles—here is one shirt that Mr. Newton claims.





JOHN PRICE NEWTON
. I am a commercial traveller, and lodged at the prosecutors's. I left this shirt and three others there—it has my mark on it, "No. 7"—it is one I have worn often; but there was a new one with it—that was quite gone.




GUILTY
. Aged 21—


Transported for Life.
