






970. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  NICHOLS
               





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June

, 2 sheets, value 1l.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Sprake
               



            .
CHARLES SPRAKE. I keep the Hog in the Pound, in Oxford-street





 - the prisoner came there about twelve o'clock at night, on the 6th of June - he asked for a bed, and paid 1s. for it - it had two sheets on it - the next morning he was gone, and the sheets off the bed - I found him on the 10th of June in a public-house - I charged him with taking the sheets - he said he had, and had pawned them, but he meant to bring the duplicate back.


                  HENRY 
                  FOWLE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned these sheets with me on the 7th of June.
Prisoner. I had been out of place for nine months - I was obliged to pawn every thing but what I had on.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
971. ROBERT NICHOLS was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of May

, 3 sheets, value 7s.; 4 waistcoats, value 10s.; 2 pair of trowsers, value 6s.; and 4 handkerchiefs, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Evan 
                  Evans
               



            .
EVAN EVANS. The prisoner came to my house on the 23rd of May, and had a bed. I got up at six o'clock the next morning, and went out to work - I returned at nine -the prisoner was then gone - my box had been broken open, and the articles stated had been taken out - the prisoner had one of my waistcoats on when I saw him in prison.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORSFORD
               



             (police-serjeant D 6.) I took the prisoner, and found the duplicate of this property on him.


                  JOHN 
                  WALLS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I took in these waistcoats and trowsers of the prisoner.
Prisoner. I never was in his house in my life.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
