







984. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SAINT
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GOODFELLOW
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BENTOTE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, 1 till, value 1s., 3 half-crowns, 9 shillings, and 3 sixpences
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Timothy Coleman 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            , the elder.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  COLEMAN JOHNSON
               



            , JUN. I am the son of Timothy Coleman Johnson; he keeps a public-house
 in Cheshire-street, Waterloo-town


. On the 26th of February I saw Goodfellow, a boy who is admitted evidence, and a number of other boy


s opposite my father's house; and between seven and eight in the evening I missed the till, which had been kept in the bar under the counter - I had seen if safe two minutes before, and, to the best of my belief, there were about 2l. in copper, and a half-crown in it, which I had put in about a quarter of an hour before, and a number of shillings and sixpences; I saw the till again about one o'clock in the morning, when it was produced by the officer - the prisoners were all in custody then; Goodfellow and Bentote's parents were tenants of my father's; when I missed the till I went to Bentote's father, and from what he said, I had Goodfellow taken; but before he was taken he had been sent to my father for a quartern of gin, and I questioned him about it, but did not make him any promise or threat; he said he knew nothing about it, but the afterwards said he was in company with Saint and Prince about four o'clock, and that he had been in Brick-lane that evening.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Do you conduct your father's business? A. I do sometimes - I am sure there was a half-crown in the till about two minutes before it was lost - we open the till to put the money into it; there is a pin to fasten it, but it was not fastened then - the bar is about twenty feet from the door; I have a room behind the bar; I can see a person who comes into the bar.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRINCE
               



            . I am fourteen years old; I am a weaver - I know the three prisoners. On the day stated I met them about twelve o'clock; they were at play, and I played with them till about two; while we were playing I heard Goodfellow say he had had 15s. one week out of Mr. Johnson's till, and 1l. the week afterwards - this was on the Sunday they were taken up, but I do not know the day of the month; he did not say how he had got it, but said he was by himself; I was taken up on this charge, and have been ever since in the House of Correction; I met the prisoners again about four o'clock, near the prosecutor's house - I played with them till about five, and then went to my tea; I came out and joined them again in about an hour; then Goodfellow said to me, "Will you be in getting Johnson's till?" he said it would be a gift to get it, and he would go and get it - I refused to have any thing to do with it - the other two prisoners were there at the time, and must have heard what was said - I left them, and in about an hour I saw them again in Bethnall-green-road - Goodfellow told me that he had got Johnson's till, and said there was a good load of money in it; the other two were close to him; he said they had chucked the till over some palings behind Johnson's house - I was taken at one o'clock on Monday morning - I told the officer what I have now stated; I showed him the place, and the till was found there - I saw the prisoners again an hour after; they told me of this, and Bentote asked me if I would put a pair of pigeons into my father's loft till Monday morning, and I did; he did not say where he got them from.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the nature of an oath? A. Yes, I have been instructed in it since the prisoners were committed; if what I have said be false, I shall go to hell; the parson told me to say so - I have been to church, but have not been taught the catechism; I never was in gaol before this time - I worked for Mr. Wade two years; he never charged me with taking a sovereign; I left him to go home to my father - I swear I never robbed him; I have never told any one that I used to rob Mr. Wade weekly, to supply my father with tobacco - since I have been in prison Saint has charged me with stealing a knife from him, but I did not; I stated before the Magistrate the same that I have now - I did not say that I saw Goodfellow go into the house while another boy held the door open, and when Goodfellow brought out the till, we divided the money; I said, they told me so; I did not say I was present, and they told me they divided the money as fairly as they could, by handfulls - I did not tell Mr. Johnson they were going to rob him, for fear they should give me a good hiding; I did not say any thing about it till I was in custody; I then told directly - I had no part of the money, and did not know where it was.
Q. Now, did you not tell an officer that you had buried 12s. of this money in a garden? A. I did not; I said Bentote went into our garden, and I told the officer I thought he had buried some money there - I happened to tell the exact place where the money was; I do not know how much was found, nor whether it was copper or silver.


                  JOHN 
                  CONNOR
               



            . I am a weaver, and am almost fifteen years of age. On the Sunday in question I went out to take a walk, and as I was coming home the three prisoners and Prince called me; it was then ten minutes or a quarter-past six o'clock; they called to me, and said,"
               
                  Jack 
                  Connor
               



            , will you come with us?" and I thought they said crack a crib, but I cannot be certain - I went home.


                  ROBERT 
                  McGOVERN
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the evening of Sunday, the 26th of February, I was on duty in Brick-lane, at a quarter-past six o'clock - my attention was attracted by three boys standing by a window -I can swear one of them was Saint; he had some copper money in his hand, and was trying to reckon it by the light of the window; I went up, and questioned him how he came by it; the other two ran away - Saint turned round, threw the money into my hands, and ran away; I overtook him, and asked how he got it; he said he got it from boys who he believed had thieved it - I asked if he knew the boys; he said Yes - I took him to the station-house; as we were going there, he told me the boys had more money, and some silver also; he told me the names of Prince, Goodfellow, and Bentote - when they were taken to the station, he charged them as being the boys; I found in Saint's pocket 1ls. 6d., in silver; there was one half-crown, with shillings, and sixpences; the other two prisoners were brought in about eleven o'clock, but nothing was found on them.
Cross-examined. Q. Then Saint gave you the name of Prince? A. Yes, he said he was one of the boys who gave him the money - I was present when the till was found.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I heard Prince say that the till was thrown into a valley; I went there, but could not find it - I went back to him, and then he said it was thrown over some palings; I went there, and found it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Prince tell you where the money was shared? A. No, Saint said that Prince was sharing the money in the valley.


                  MICHAEL 
                  DAY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 26th of February, I was on duty in Selby-street, Waterloo-town, and a brother officer said there had been a till stolen; I found it was at Mr. Johnson's; I apprehended Goodfellow about eleven o'clock that night, and on our way to the station, he asked if I could tell him what their punishment would be - I said I could not; he said,"I dare say we shall get three months of it."


                  JOHN 
                  LAWRENCE MACDONNELL
               



            . I am an inspector of Police. Saint was brought to the station, and 16s. 2 1/2d. was found on him in copper and silver; he said the money had been divided among a certain number of boys who had committed a robbery.


                  JOHN 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am pot-boy to Mr. Johnson. On Sunday, the 3rd of March, as I was getting in my pots, I saw Bentote at the back of my master's house; I asked how he thought he should get on - he said he did not know yet; I asked him if he had any of the money; he said he had but 1s. 6d. in silver, and some copper - he said the money was shared by handsfull; he said that Saint held the door, and Goodfellow went in and took the till, and they ran down in the hollow, emptied it into Goodfellow's cap, and he put it under his arm - they ran off where they thought no one could see them - I told him I thought they would get a severe flogging; he said he did not think that - he thought the case was not large enough, unless it went to Newgate, and he did not care about two or three month's imprisonment, so long as he did not get a teazing.
Cross-examined. Q. You seem to have a very perfect recollection of it, how often have you told this? A. Two or three times; I do not recollect any thing being said about Prince peeping through the window, or his name being mentioned.
TIMOTHY COLEMAND JOHNSON. This is my father's till, and I can identify some of the money.
SAINT - 

               GUILTY
            . - Aged 14.
GOODFELLOW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
BENTOTE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
