



2446. 




GEORGE WESTBROOK
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of March, 8 metal cocks, value 6s., the goods of 



Russell Pontifex.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






RUSSELL PONTIFEX
. I am a brass-founder, and live in Upper St. Mar-tin's-lane. The prisoner is a boot and shoe-maker, and lives in a house of mine, which I let on lease to another man—he has lived there many years—I never knew of his dealing in brass cocks till I discovered this—he was in the habit of coming to my house to work both for me, my son, workmen, and apprentices—I encouraged him all I could—on the 4th of March I missed fourteen brass cocks—I have seen eight of them since at Mr. Stevens's, the pawnbroker, in Wardour-street, and Mr. Franklin's, a pawnbroker, in Tottenham Court-road.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What has become of your son. A. He is at home—I was here in the July Sessions—my son made some communication, and confessed he had been induced by the prisoner to steal part of my property prior to this—he said he had not taken these cocks to the prisoner's house, but he had taken a basket of cocks there eighteen months previous—my son did not speak to me on the subject till I discovered a part of my property was in a place where I had never disposed of it, that was in June.

Q. Did not your son say, "During the last three months I took from my father's shop metal cocks, three or four at a time?" A. Yes, after he returned from France—that was near twelve months ago—he said he had taken them-these are metal cocks—I have lost altogether about 500l. worth of cocks and brass work—I should think 400 or 500 cocks—my son made a statement to me about his taking some, and he was induced to take my property, under an impression that at my death it would come to him, and he might as well have a part in my life time.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Your son said he had been induced by this man to take some property of yours? A. Yes, he said he had not taken this property, and had nothing to do with it.





SAMUEL BROWNING
. I am shopman to Mr. Thomas Stevens, a pawnbroker,

in Wardour-street. On the 9th of March last I received these six brass cocks in pledge of the prisoner for 6s., in the name of William Scott.

Cross-examined. Q Did you attend here at the July Sessions? A. I did but was not called—I had these cocks with me, but I gave no evidence before the grand jury—I should think these cocks are worth 2s. a piece—we are not in the habit of taking in such things.





JAMES GOLDER
. I am shopman to Mr. Franklin, a pawnbroker, of Tottenham Court-road. I produce two brass cocks, pawned at our house on the 17th of April by the prisoner, for 2s. 6d., in the name of John Hunt—I did not know him before.





THOMAS SMITH
. I live in Long-lane, Bermondsey. In May last I saw prisoner, and lent him some money on some duplicates of brass cocks—there were six or eight duplicates—I do not know whether there was one of Mr. Franklin's, or Mr. Stevens'—I gave the duplicates, as I received them to Shackle the officer in the beginning of July—I received them back from him at Bow-street, last week—I am a furrier—I have known the prisoner a great many years, and am in the habit of lending him money.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know these are the same duplicates? A. I do not know—I had no mark on them—they were for the same kind of things.





THOMAS CARTER
. (police-sergeant E 7.) I received the duplicates from Mr. Smith-one is for some cocks pawned at Mr. Stevens's, and one at Mr. Franklin's.




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Seven Years.
