





OLD COURT. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
2162. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     COREN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of September
, 25 sovereigns and 1 shilling
            , the monies of 
               
                  James 
                  Shoolbred
               




            , her master.
JAMES SHOOLBRED. I live in Tottenham-court-road


. The prisoner was in my service for about sixteen months, house-maid
, but the nurse being ill she assisted her for the last three months - I have three female, and one male servant in my private house; when I go to bed I leave my trousers in the dressing-room, which joins the bedroom - the prisoner had access to it; I missed money from my pocket from time to time, in consequence of which I discharged two female servants, and was on the point of discharging another, when suspicion fell on the prisoner - I missed three sovereigns on Monday morning, and on Tuesday two more; I marked nine sovereigns and twenty shillings, and put them into my purse, in my pocket, on the night of the 21st, and on the morning of the 22nd I missed one sovereign and one shilling - I called a Policeman in, and told him the circumstance; I thought it best to search the boxes of both the servants - the Policeman went up to their bed-room with Mrs. Shoolbred, the prisoner, and cook; Mrs. Shoolbred found in the prisoner's box a pair of stays, with a pocket in an unusual place, which made us suspect her, which we did not before; Mrs. Shoolbred then took her into another room, and called out, "Here is some money," handing me a paper containing a number of sovereings - we went into the room, and while we were examining the money, the prisoner threw something on the table, and then we found the marked sovereign among the sovereigns - whether it was the one she threw down I cannot say.


                  HARRIET 
                  SHOOLBRED
               



            . I took the prisoner into a room, and told her I must search her - she objected; I persevered, and said if she would not undress before me she must before her master and the officer; she said there was no necessity for that, for she had got nothing of mine- I said, "Never mind, undress and clear yourself, show me that you have nothing;" after putting her hands about her dress a good deal, she at last took her pocket off, and said, "Are you satisfied now?" I said, "No, you must undress;" she turned her back to me - I said,"Stand still, and undress," and after some time she did undress, but kept feeling about her dress; I said, "You have got something in your hand." as I saw her hand closed - she then produced this paper, with money in it; I called Mr. Shoolbred, and handed it to him, and after he came in, I perceived her hand in the same way, and said, "You have something else in your hand," and whether I took it from her I cannot say, but I thing she threw it on the table - a sovereign came from the table, which came from her; the marked shilling was in the paper with twenty or twenty-one sovereigns.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD POWELL
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutor. I marked some sovereigns, and gave to him - I know this sovereign and shilling by the mark.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HEYNDRICK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was called in - the other servant said she had no pocket on. but the prisoner had, and she gave me a purse with three sovereigns in it; Mr. Shoolbred's evidence is correct.
MR. SHOOLBRED. Here is the mark on the sovereign and shilling - they were in my purse the night before; the prisoner had 10l. a year - I have lost between 40l. and 50l. since she has been with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
