





1007. 




JOHN DAVIS
 and 




GEORGE RAVENHILL
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
7th of March, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, 4 coats, value 7 l.;1 pairs of trousers, value 2l.; 2 waistcoats, value 1l. 5s.; 5 handkerchief, value 6s.; 1 brooch, value 7s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 scarf, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of braces, value 6d.; 1 spoon, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 stiffener, value 4d.; the goods of 



Robert Gunn, in his dwelling-house.






ROBERT GUNN
. I live in Maidstone-street, Hackney-fields, in the parish of Shoreditch. I rent the house—the prisoner Davis's mother is my wife—On the 7th of March I left home about ten minutes to seven o'clock in the evening, leaving my wife at home—I had some boxes safely locked, in my bed-room—I returned at about a quarter-past seven o'clock in the morning—I am on night work at the gas-works—I missed all the articles stated in the indictment, worth about 7l. together—two locks of the boxes were broken—Davis lodged in the house—the other prisoner did not—the things were all safe in the boxes before I left the house, and the boxes locked—Davis was not in the house when I left—I have not seen him since that night, till 13th—a twopenny-post letter came on the night of the 8th, with three duplicates in it—my wife gave it to me next morning, and I delivered it and the duplicates to Sergeant Glibbery.





ANN GUNN
. I am the prosecutor's wife. Davis is my son by a former husband—on Monday, the 7th of March, he came home about nine o'clock, George Ravenhill came with him—he said, George was come for me to go to his mistress, because she was very had; and George said I was to go to his mistress directly—he lived where Davis worked—her name is Mrs. Standfast—Ravenhill said, I had better go directly, because him mistress was very bad—I said I did not like to go very well, but did not like to disoblige Mrs. Standfast—he said, she would not want me above a couple of hours—I left Davis at home taking tea—Ravenhill went with me as far as Birdcage-walk, in Hackney-road—Mrs. Standfast lives in Norton Falgate—he left me in Birdcage-walk, saying, he was going to fetch Mr. Standfast's brother's wife—I went to Mrs. Standfast, which is nearly a mile from Birdcage-walk, and found her very well—I returned home directly—my son was not there—I did not find any body—the house was empty—I found my husband's boxes broken, and his clothes taken—I missed a tea-spoon which my son had used at tea—he did not return that night—I told my husband of this in the morning—on Tuesday 1 received a letter by the post, with three duplicates in it—this is it—my son came home on Saturday night—I said, "Is it you, John?"—he said, "Yes"—that was all he said—I asked him how he came to do this, and he did not answer me—my husband told the policeman to take him when be saw him—and he was taken.





HUGH HENRY CAMPION
. I am shopman to Mr. Fry, a pawnbroker, in High-street, Shadwell. I produce two coats and a black silk handkerchief, pawned on the 8th of March, in the name of John Jones—I think the prisoner Ravenhill was present at the time—I do not know him, but I have some recollection of seeing him, at the time the things were pawned, in the shop, and he offered me a white silk scarf to pledge—I did not take it in, because he wanted more on it than I considered it was worth—here is the counterpart of the duplicate for the coats and handkerchief—this one is what I gave the person who pawned the articles—I do not think Davis is the man.






EDWARD WILLIAM WIGGINS
. I am shopman to Simon Latter, a pawnbroker, in Broad-street, Ratcliff. I produce a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers, pawned on the 8th of March, wrapped in a blue cotton handkerchief, in the name of John—this is the counterpart of my duplicate—I wrote it myself—I am certain I never saw Ravenhill, and cannot swear as Davis—the person who pawned them I believe to be a stouter man than him—I live about three miles from the prosecutor.





JOHN STIMPSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Hawkins, a pawnbroker, in Catherine-street, Limehouse-fields. I produce a coat, a pair of trowsers, and a waistcoat, pawned on the 8th of March, for 2l., in the name of George Wilson—one of the duplicates produced is what I gave for them—I have the counterpart—I cannot speak to either of the prisoners.





JAMES GLIBEERY
 (police-sergeant N 21.) I apprehended Davis—I told him I took him into custody for stealing things from from his father—he made me no answer—I received the letter and duplicates from the father.





ROBERT GUNN

re-examined. This is the letter and the duplicates—there is something written in it, but nobody can make it out—I do not know the character of the hand-writing—the direction is perfectly right—I cannot say whose hand-writing it is.





MARY RAVENHILL
. The prisoner Ravenhill is my son—I do not know the hand-writing of the letter.





SAMUEL STANDFAST
. I live at No. 31, Notron Falgate. The prisoners worked for me—my life was quite on the 7th of March, and had not sent for anybody at all—it was a false pretence—I gave four silver spoons to Spencer, with I received from my wife on the 8th—she is not here.





THOMAS SOLOMON SPENCER
 (police-constable N 121.) From information I received I apprehended Ravenhill, and received from Mr. Standfast four silver spoons, one of which was claimed by Gunn.





ROBERT HOLDSWORTH
. I am foreman to Mr. Standfast. Mrs. Ravenhill gave me four spoons, and I gave the same spoons to Mrs. Standfast, in the presence of the servant-girl, Ann Swainsbury.





ANN SWAINSBURY
. I know that spoon came with the others—it is the one Holdsworth brought up stairs with three others—I am quite sure.





MARY RAVENHILL

re-examined. I got the four spoons from the prisoner Davis—I asked him if he was not going to return to his mother—he said, no, he was going into the country—he put the spoons into my hand after a little while—I did not know what they were—I never opened them—I was so flurried, I delivered them to Holdsworth—Davis had worked with my son at Mr. Standfast's—I went to my son's in Edward-street, and both the prisoners came there—it was there that this happened.





HUGH HENRY CAMPION

re-examined. A lad offered me a white silk scarf at the time I was advancing the money on the coats to another, and I believe the prisoner Ravenhill to be that lad—it was a very narrow, old-fashioned silk scarf, not much worn—it had a border with red in it.

MRS. GUNN
re-examined. I lost an old-fashioned white silk scarf, with a narrow red border—I had had it a great while—it was not much worn—I got home about ten o'clock at night—I left about half-past nine—it would take Ravenhill five to ten minutes to go back to the house from where he left me—he might have gone to the house and left it again before I got back—the house is in the parish of Shoreditch.





JAMES GLIBERY

re-examined. The house is in the parish of St. Leonard. Shoreditch.

Ravenhill to
H. CAMPION. Q. Do you say I brought the silk scarf to the shop? A. I believe you are the lad—he asked 4s. on the scarf—I offered 2s. 6d.—he said that would not do.

COURT. Q. Did you voice of the person appear to correspond with

his voice? A. I noticed his countenance—it appears the same, and I think he was dressed similar to what he is now—he was in the shop longer than the other man—they did not appear in company; but the clothes being rather of a peculiar cut, I thought he was trying to impose upon me, and I joked the lad with the scarf—I said, I thought he was trying to impose upon me—he laughed—I lent 10s. on the coats—the man wanted 1l.—I took notice of the lad—he is very much like the lad who offered me the scarf.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

DAVIS—


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.

RAVENHILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.




Transported for Life.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
