



1291. 




JAMES WELLS
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Frances Martin, on the 
26th of March, at 
St. Pancras, and stealing therein 2 candlesticks, value 10s., her goods.


MR. LORD
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN EATON
 (police-constable S 198.) On the 26th of March I was in Tottenham Court-road, in plain clothes, and saw the prisoner with another—I watched him, and followed him into University-street—I saw him go up to the door of No. 3, and open the door with something he had in his hand—I waited till he came out with something tied up in a handkerchief—I stopped him, and asked what he had got—he threw it down on the pavement, and ran away—I followed, calling "Stop thief"—he was stopped by a gentleman in George-street without my losing sight of him—I took him back to the house, No. 3, University-street, which is in the parish of St. Pancras.

Cross-examined by
MR. PATHS. Q. Where were you standing when you saw him open the door? A. On the opposite side of the way, looking fall at the house—he was stopped about half a mile from the house—there were two or three turnings in the way he went—he went down London-street, and John-street, I think, but I did not stop to look—it is not on my beat—the gentleman who stopped him is not here—I asked him to come, but he would not—I saw the prisoner throw these candlesticks out of the handkerchief on the pavement—I left them there, and followed him—the prisoner was remanded three times—I produced the witness Sweeney the second time, eight days after the robbery—I saw him with them in his hind directly I brought the prisoner back—I found a key on the prisoner, which I tried to the prosecutrix's door, and it opened it.





DANIEL SWEENEY
. I was passing down University-street on the 26th of March, and heard a cry of "Stop thief," and observed the prisoner running away—I am quite sure he is the man—I did not follow him—I was on my way home, and had not got far before I picked up these candle-sticks, about ten yards from where the prisoner passed me.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you coming in a contrary direction to the prisoner? A. Yes; we pasted each other—I picked up the candlesticks, and turned into Tottenham Court-road, till the policeman came up, when I gave them to him—I did not attend before the Magistrate at the first examination, as I was afraid of losing my situation.





FRANCES MARTIN
. I am single. I keep the house, No. 3, University-street, St. Pancras—these candlesticks are mine-(looking at them)—I saw them safe on the 26th of March, about ten minutes before nine o'clock, in my back parlour—about a quarter-past nine o'clock the police-man came with them and the prisoner—I had not missed them.


Cross-examined. Q. Are they silver? A. No, but I dare say he thought they were.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
