




1098. 




MARY GLOVER
 and 



DENNIS GLOVER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of December, 1 pair of stockings, value 1s., the goods of 



Mary Ellen Marsh: 1 stocking, value 6d., the goods of 



Elizabeth Marsh: 2 beds, value 8l.; 2 bolsters, value 3l.; 4 pillows, value 1l. 10s; 7 blankets, value 4l.; 1 decanter, value 1l.; 4 glass goblets, value 10s.; 2 wine-glasses, value 2s.; 1 finger-glass, value 4s.; 1 custard-cop, value 6d.; 4 cups, value 4s.; 5 saucers, value 5s.; 7 plates, value 1s. 6d.; 1 dish, value 1s.; 2 knives, value 3s.; 2 forks, value 2s.; 1 footman, value 7s.; 5 yards of net, value 2s.; and 1 pelisse, value 1s.; the goods of 



Mary Marsh, the mistress of the said Mary Glover.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





MART MARSH
. I am a widow, and carry on business as a house-agent in Park-street, Grosvenor-square. The prisoner, Mary Glover, came into my service on the 14th of December—on the 19th I went out, and when I came home at night I found her gone, and she had taken her box with her—she had given me no notice at all—I missed part of my property very soon after she left—I did not miss the stockings—she was brought to my house three weeks ago last Sunday night, in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Which of the articles produced do you know to be your own? A. They belong to a set of China have at home—I know the sugar-basin, two goblets, custard-cup, and wine glasses—I do not remember whether one of my daughters slept with the prisoner—it must have been but for one night, if she did—I am not certain—the other servant slept with her till the Saturday night, and then went away, three days before the prisoner—I have other wine-glasses the same as these—if I wanted cups like these I must have them made, they cannot be matched.





JOHN POOLE
. I am shopman to Mr. Bassett, a pawnbroker, in great Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields. On the 3rd of January, two goblets, a custard-cup, wine-glasses, and a sugar-basin, were pawned with me, to the best of ray belief, by the female prisoner, in the name of Ann Glover, of No. 2, King-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see her before? A. Never, to my

knowledge—I never took a lot of that description in pawn before—I am positive the prisoner is the person who pawned them—I recollect her—the had a shawl on—I never took such an article in before.





HENDRY WILLIAMS
. I am a policeman. On the 18th of March I went to Wild-court, Drury-lane, and watched a public-home there—I saw the two prisoners come out, in company with another man and woman—they all went up into Oxford-street, and at the end of Marylebone-lane, the male prisoner and the other persons draw back, and the female prisoner went up the lane, in company with another young man—they left her in Little George-street, and she ran down to No. 21, King-street—I went up to her to the area-gate, and said I had a letter for her—she said, "From whom?"—I said, "From a gentleman named Williams"—(I was in my private dress)—I asked her if her name was not Fanny Glavin—she said, "No, Glover"—I asked if she had ever lived with Mrs. Marsh—she said, "Yes"—I then said I was an officer, and she was in my custody for robbing her—she said it was not very likely she should rob her—I took her to Montague-square, and the male prisoner came up, and asked me what I was doing with his sister—I had him given into custody, and took her to Mrs. Marsh—I found the male prisoner at the station-house when I returned—he said he lived at No. 12, Wild-court, and the female said she lived at No. 21, King-street, Portman-square, in service—I and Mrs. Marsh went to No. 21, King-street, and a person there named Reddick, who was the master of the prisoner, to whom she wished me to go, gave me these keys—they opened a box in the house, and in it I found three stockings, which were identified by Mrs. Marsh—I afterwards went to No. 12, Wild-court, and there found two men and a female, and a large trunk, locked—I could not open it, and desired the woman there to give me the keys, which she did—I believe her to be the prisoner's mother—I then opened it, and found a smaller trunk, with two cups and ameers, the plates, and other things—I went to another house opposite, and found these two cups, a saucer, and a piece of net.

Cross-examined. Q. You told the female prisoner you had a letter from Mr. Williams, was that true? A. I had a letter, certainly, in my hand, with Williams on it; it was all untrue, certainly—I am certain I went to the right address—she said, "No. 21, King-street, Portman-square"—she wished me to go there, and I had seen her go to the area gate myself.
(Property produced and sworn to.) (The prisoner Mary Glover received a good character.)

MARY GLOVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DENNIS GLOVER.—


NOT GUILTY
.
