




90. 



JOHN ROBERTSON
, and 



ELLEN COLLINS, alias
 Smith

, were indicted for

 the wilful murder of 




Edmund Taylor.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.





MARY BROWN
. I knew the deceased Edmund Taylor—he was about twenty-two years of age. On Saturday night, the 29th of September, about ten o'clock, I saw him by the Paviours' Arms, Ratcliff-high way—I saw him again about one o'clock on Sunday morning, in Bluegate-fields—he appeared pretty sober then—he had been drinking a little, but I do not think he was intoxicated—he told me he had been fighting—I went to have something to drink with him at the Bluegate-public-house—we were there about five minutes, and had some gin—I came up Bluegate-fields with him—I had my pattens on—he stood talking to a woman named Macey, who lives next door to the prisoner Collins's house—I went up to the top of the street, leaving him talking to the woman—he came up to me again, and we went to the Coach and Horses night-house, Ratcliff-highway—it was then between two and three o'clock—we had some more gin there—we went from there down Shakspeare's-walk—it was very dry there. he said he would carry my pattens, and I gave them to him to

carry—when we got to the top of Shakspeare's-walk, I met Ellen M'Carthy—she is the same description of person as I am—I then bid Taylor good night, leaving my pattens with him, as I forgot them—when I passed Collins's house, I saw a man sitting at her door with her, but cannot say who it was—I saw Charles Stiles standing by Collins's window, and she said to him, "Come here, Charley, I want you," and I said the same—he went with Collins into her house—the other man still remained at the door—Collins directly after came back without Stiles, and having a knife in her hand with a white handle—I cannot say whether it was a clasp or a table-knife—she walked about eight or nine times before the door, and said she would stab the first b-r that came a nigh her, or her man should-those were the exact words-her man was standing by her at the time, the same man who had been sitting by her—I had had a few words with her about a fortnight before, but not at that time.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Was Stiles the man she alluded to? A. No, it was him she called into her place—when she said her man should, Stiles was inside—she did not say which man she meant—we had not made our quarrel up at that time.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know what is meant by a fancy man? A. No—the expression she used was, if she did not, her man should—I have not had my pattens since.





ELLEN M'CARTHY
. I live in Bluegate-fields. On Sunday morning, the 30th of September, between two and three o'clock, I was in Taylor's company after he had quitted Brown; he had a pair of pattens in his hand—he was in liquor—I had only had a quartern of gin between four of us, and one glass of rum to myself—after having that, I and Taylor went back to Bluegate-fields—we came by Collins's door, and she spoke first to Taylor—she appeared to be very much in liquor—she said she was glad to see him along with me, and not with the witness Brown—I told her to mind her own business, and not trouble herself with us, and Taylor called her a b——w—the prisoner Robertson was standing at the door with Collins at the time—Collins went in-doors into her own room on the ground-floor, and came back again instantly to the door—I left Taylor, and went to the door, and pushed both the prisoners inside, and shut them into Collins's house—the door was opened again directly, and both the prisoners came out, and Collins said, the first b——that touched her, her man should knife them—I told her not to be so fast with her knives-Robertson flew from the door, and struck Taylor a blow in the mouth with his fist directly—Taylor was about a couple of yards from the door at the time, and had the pattens in his hand—he staggered from the effects of the blow-Robertson ran up to him, drew a knife from his sleeve, and stabbed him in the breast, as I held him by the jacket—I did not see Taylor use the pattens at all—he had no time to do so—he had them in his hand-Robertson did not appear very sober—I held Taylor against the wall while he was bleeding, and went to fetch a policeman-Robertson made away directly he had stabbed him-Lee the policeman came, and Taylor was taken to Dr. Bird, and then to the London Hospital—I had been drinking three or four glasses of gin and some beer in the morning before, but I went to bed after that—when I am in liquor my memory is bad-three or four glasses of liquor and beer will make me drunk—I cannot say how much beer I had drunk-five or six of us were drinking together—I had enough to send me to bed at three o'clock in the afternoon to get sober, and I kept in bed till half-past

two o'clock on Sunday morning, and then I met these people—I did not see Collins with any knife—I saw no knife pass from her to Robertson—I cannot state what sort of a knife it was.

Cross-examined. Q. How many people were with you when you went by the door and pushed them into the house? A. Nobody but me and the deceased—I am quite sure there was nobody else about, till after it was done—I have no doubt about what I have stated.

Q. I suppose you have never said Robertson was not the man who stabbed? A. At first there were four of us deceived as to the man, Brown, Eliza Hill, Charles Stiles, and myself—I am an unfortunate woman—I came out of gaol at a quarter past nine o'clock the morning before this happened, and I was taken to the police-office on Sunday morning after the deceased went to the hospital, for being disorderly—I cannot say how long ft was after this occurred—I drank after this—I have been in gaol once or twice before.

Q. Is it your practice when you come out of gaol to take a round among your friends, and take a little liquor with them? A. Yes—I had done so on the Saturday morning in question—I drank with three or four that morning.





CHARLES STILES
. I am a seaman, and live in Marmaduke-place, St. George's-in-the—East. On Sunday, the 30th of September, I was in Bluegate-fields, at Ellen Collins's house, about half past one o'clock in the morning—I fetched half a pint of gin for the prisoner Robertson, from a public-house in Ratcliff-highway—I had seen Mary Brown near Collin's house, along with Edmund Taylor, about ten minutes before that, and Brown spoke to me before I went into Collins's house—when I went in Collins gave me a glass of gin, and told me to go along with my w-s-a man named Ingram was in the room where Collins was, and Robertson was at the door—he went into the room when I did—I came away when Collins told me, and saw nothing of the disturbance.





ELIZA HILL
. I live in the neighbourhood of Bluegate-fields. Between three and four o'clock on Sunday morning, the 30th of September, I was going home, and at the corner of Bluegate-fields I saw Brown, who I only knew by sight, talking to a sailor—I afterwards saw her return by herself, in the direction of Collins's house-just at that time I met a man coming, as from Collins's house—he had no shoes on—he had a bundle in his right hand, and was walking very fast—I went on towards Collins's house, and saw the deceased opposite Collins's door, leaning against the shop-shutters, vomiting and complaining—I went over to him—I had been in company with him before, and knew his name—it was Edmund Taylor—I saw Collins at her door alone—she called him a b——, and said, "You know I did not do it"—I did not hear any body say she had done it—Ellen M'Cartby came up first, and then Brown—Collins had a lighted candle in her hand, and was standing on the threshold of the door—I asked her for the candle, and she said she would not give it—and as Brown was passing to go to her own door, she called her a b——h, said she would knife her, and shut the door—Taylor had some pattens in his left hand—Ellen M'Carthy took them out of his hand and threw them down—I took off my apron and applied it to the wound, and remained with him till he was taken to the surgeon's, and then to the hospital.





WILLIAM LEE
 (police-constable K 268.) On the morning of the 30th of September I was on duty in Bluegate-fields, and heard a call of "Police"—I

saw Edmund Taylor leaning against a shop, with his arm against the wall, and his head on his arm, he was bleeding very much at the breast—he said he had been stabbed by a roan who had just run into Collins's house, which he pointed out—the door of the house was open—I went in, and saw Collins standing at the door with a lighted candle in her band—my brother officer took the candle—I found Ingram undressed, and lying in Collins's bed, very much in liquor, he seemed not aware of any thing that had passed—I then went and led the deceased to Mr. Bird's, in the Highway, but he was not at home, and I took him to the London-hospital, and gave him to Mr. Andrews—I went to Collins's house again in the evening, and found this clasp-knife on the table—Collins was present, and Ingram said, in her presence, "That is my knife"—there appears to be a stain in the bone of the handle—I said to her, "I think you know all about who stabbed the man Taylor"—I did not make any threat or promise to her—she said "No, I know nothing about it"—I said, "I believe you do"—she said, "I know nothing about it, for I have been in bed all the night with Ingram"—I took her into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you knew her before? A. Yes—I know nothing of Robertson—I never saw him.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know the house in which Collins lived? A. Yes, three or four women of the same description live in the house, but not in the same room as her—she lives in the parlour alone—the bed was in the parlour.





JAMES FOGG
. I am one of the Thames Police Surveyors. I took Robertson into custody on Tuesday, the 2nd of October, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, at the Sailors' Home, in Wells-street—he had a hat on his head—I took it off, and asked how he got a cut which be had just across the top of his head, and which appeared fresh—he said he had fallen down and cut it—it was such a cut as might be inflicted with a patten—it was a small cut, not exactly straight—I asked him where he slept on Saturday night—he said he slept there, meaning the Sailors' Home—I said, "You did not sleep here;" and a person belonging to the place standing there said, "No, you did not sleep here on Saturday night"—I then said, "Why you stabbed a man in Bluegate-fields on Saturday night or Sunday morning, and here is one of your shipmates who you told so"—Maull was standing by him—the prisoner said, "No, I did not tell any body any thing of the sort"—Maull said, "Yes, you did, you told me so"—I told him he must go with me—he then said he had been to the King William and got drunk, he left there and came up some turnings in Ratcliff Highway, which he did not know the name of, but he described it, and it was by Bluegate-fields—he said as he went up there was noise, and somebody struck him with a patten—(he called it a batten—he is a Dutchman)—that he was sitting in a chair with his shoes off, along with a girl, but he did not know the girl, and some one struck him with a batten, and he then picked something off the floor and struck the man with it—I asked him if it was a knife—he said he did not know, he was very drank—I told him he must know whether it was a knife or not—he said he did not know—I told him there had been a knife found—he said, "Oh, if that is my knife then I may as well tell all about it"—I had not got the knife with me—he said he hoped the man would not die, if he did, he supposed he should be hanged-another man named Horrabo bad been apprehended on the charge, who bore a very great resemblance to the prisoner, (which was

remarked by the Magistrate when this prisoner was taken) the prisoner said there was another man in custody for it, and an innocent man should not suffer for him, he would rather give himself up—I was at the London Hospital when the examination of the deceased was taken—he said some-thing about the prisoners, and Collins said she was not outside the house at all, that she had been sleeping all night with Ingram, and she knew nothing about it.





JOHN MAULL
. On Sunday morning, about seven o'clock, while Robertson was in custody, I saw the wound on his head—I asked him how he got his head cut—he said he got it struck by a man with a pair of battens—I understood him to mean pattens—I asked him if he had done any thing to the man who struck him with the pattens afterwards—he said he took his knife and stabbed him in the shoulder, and he put his hand to my shoulder—I told him he had better get up and have his head shaved and washed—he was lying in bed, and the blood came freely from his head—I said, "May be you have killed the man"—he said, "No, I hope not, but the blood flowed very freely from him"—he then got up and had his head washed—I asked him what he had done with the knife—he said he had lost it—I know his knife—he had been a shipmate of mine—(looking at one)—this is not his knife—the room we were in was rather dark—he caught hold of my hand and put it on the wound—I felt it, and it was about an inch or an inch and a half—it appeared a straight wound.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had he been on shore? A. He came ashore the Monday before—he is a Dutchman—I believe he had come from a foreign voyage.





HENRY BLAZER
. I am the agent for the Sailors' Home, which is a refuge for sailors who come from sea. On the 1st of October I went on board the Golconda vessel with the male prisoner—it is the ship he came home in—I afterwards went with him to King William-street to get his wages paid—I left him a little while, while I went into a public-house to see for the rest of the men; and when I came back I asked him if he had been paid—he said, "No; I must make haste and get out of this, for they will be after me"—I was not aware of any thing having happened, and asked what he meant by that—he said he had got into a row at the King William last night; and said, "The man struck me with a batten on my head—I did not know what I was about—I took out my knife, and stabbed him,"' making a motion towards his right breast.





EDWARD ANDREWS
, I am house-pupil at the London Hospital. On Sunday morning, the 30th of September, about five o'clock, Taylor was brought in—he had a wound in the upper part of the right side of his chest—the orifice was about an inch long-such a knife as this might do it—it was a punctured wound, full three inches deep, but I did not ascertain that at that time—he lived till the 29th of October, just a month—there was a post-mortem examination—I have no doubt the wound was the cause of death-an artery of the lungs was cut into—atthe time his examination was taken I hardly think he knew he was dying—he knew it was unlikely he should recover.





JOHN BESWICKE GREENWOOD
, Esq. I am a Magistrate of the Thames Police. I attended at the London Hospital, to take the examination of the deceased, on the 5th of October—I did not ask him his impression as to his recovery—I thought he might recover, and I think he thought so too—the prisoners were present at the examination—it was taken on oath

—I should state that both prisoners were not present at first, bat the man was; and, in consequence of something he stated, I adjourned the examination for an hour till Collins was apprehended—the examination was then recommenced from the beginning—I took it all afresh-what had passed was read over to her—I took the examination with my own hand—she made some remark in the course of the deceased's statement, but I forget what it was—this is the signature of the deceased, taken in my presence, and countersigned by myself—the prisoners had an opportunity of putting any questions—they had a solicitor present—I should state, when Robertson was first brought before me, besides the wound on his forehead, he appeared to me to have a mark of a circular reddish rim on his forehead—it was not a precise wound—I thought it to be such an impression as might be produced by the rim of a patten—(the examination was here read, as follows:) "EDMUND TAYLOR
sworn, saith:—I saw the prisoner Robertson once before now—it was on the morning of the day on which he struck me—I never saw him before then, nor did I know him—on Sunday morning last about four o'clock, I think it was, I was in Bluegate-fields—I passed near a b——y-house there, with a girl named M'Carthy—I do not remember that I was carrying pattens—I do not think the girl had any pattens with her—the prisoner Robertson was just in the b——y-house passage—when I was going by I heard the prisoner Collins who was standing at the b——y-house door, say, "Stick him with a knife"—I saw a knife pass between the two prisoners—it was a sailor's clasp'd knife, with a sharp point—the prisoner Robertson ran out of the door, and stabbed me, and the blood gushed out-if I struck him with a patten, I must have picked one up, but I do not recollect doing so—I had not one with me—I staggered back against a gateway, and two policemen came to me soon after and took me away to this hospital, where I have been ever since—I do not remember that I said any thing to the prisoner Robertson, nor he to me, before he stabbed me—I had not been at the King William that night, but I was not sober, but I know this is the man, by his hair and his countenance—I did not go into the b——y-house in Bluegate-fields—I was going home to No. 23, New-street—I am not a sailor, but I hare been to sea—I am a cooper by trade—I had known the prisoner Collins before—I had no particular acquaintance with her—this is the girl Collins.

"EDMUND—TAYLOR."






JOHN BESWICKE GREENWOOD
, Esq., re-examined. When Horrabo was brought before me, M'Carthy said he was the man, and when the prisoner was produced, she persisted that Horrabo was the man—there was a great similarity between the two—I was not at all surprised at the party being mistaken—there was a great similarity.

ROBERTSON—


GUILTY
.




Confined Twelve Months.

COLLINS—


GUILTY
.
Of Man-slaughter only



Transported for Seven Years.

ROBERTSON
was recommended to mercy by the Jury.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.
