





168. 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     SAVORY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 2 pillows, value 6s.; 1 counterpane, value 3s.; 1 sheet, value 2s., and 1 flat-iron, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Cooper
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  COOPER
               



            . I live in Queen-square, Clerkenwell


, and am a widow
 - the prisoner rented a ready-furnished room of me. On the 20th of November I missed this property, and spoke to her - she said she would take me to her brother's to get the things out which she had pawned, but she ran away from me in Gray's Inn-lane; I had missed the sheet, pillows, counterpane, and flat-iron, which had been let to her with the room - they are worth about 12s.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not, on the Saturday when I asked you to lend me half a crown, give me leave to take any article out of the room, so that I brought it back again? A. No, I never allowed her to pawn any thing - she said she would pay at 2s. a week; I did not say on the Friday,"Your friend has had a very bad week, and if you will pay 2s. and bring in some of the things, it will do" - I did not know your husband had deserted you; you never asked me to let you stay for 1s. 6d. or 2s. a week.
COURT. Q. Do you mean to say she did not offer to borrow any money of you? A. Yes - I never allowed her to pawn any of the things; she and her husband lodged with me twelve months before, and one night they came and asked me to take them, and they would pay 2s. a week; they paid the first Saturday, and the next Saturday she said her husband had run away, but I do not know that he did - I saw him go out the first Saturday morning, but I saw him no more.


                  GEORGE 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker, on Holborn-hill. I have two pillows pawned on the 9th and 15th of November; I think I have seen the prisoner before, but I cannot say she was the party who brought them - I gave these duplicates for them.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  GOODE
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Goode
               



            , a pawnbroker. I have a sheet pawned on the 12th of November, a counterpane on the 15th, and a flat-iron on the 16th - I believe the prisoner is the person who pawned them; I have seen her before; I do not know whether there was any man with her - I gave these duplicates.


                  THOMAS 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the Sunday week before the 6th of December - I searched the room at Mrs. Cooper's, and found these five duplicates there in a cupboard with some teathings - the prisoner told me where to find them.


                  JANE 
                  COOPER
               



            . These are my property.
COURT. Q. Who took the lodging? A. The prisoner came first, took it, and then came with her husband - these articles were all delivered up to her; I am quite sure I never allowed her to pawn any of them - I have no markon the sheet, but I made the pillow-cover, and can speak to the work.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
