



1657. 




THOMAS TOOLE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of May, 1 half-crown, 2 sixpences, 1 groat, 6 halfpence, and 4 farthings; the monies of 



Ellen Gilston Jones, from her person.







ELLEN GILSTON JONES
. I am single, and live in the family of Mr. Newel, of Cockspur-street. On the 2nd of May I was in the Court of Requests, in Castle-street. I did not notice any person round me but the prisoner, who was close behind me—I felt my gown pulled several times—I looked round, and saw the prisoner several times behind me, but it did not strike me what he was doing, till Mr. Groom asked me if I had not lost something—I then put my hand into my pocket, and found that I had lost a half-crown, 2 sixpences, a fourpenny-piece, and some halfpence, which had been loose in my pocket—I had a handkerchief in the same pocket, but that was left—I am quite certain I had my money safe when I first went into the Court—I saw the whole of my money again the next day—this is it—(looking at it)—here is one sixpence rather bent, which I know to be mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were there not many persons present? A. Not where I stood—I was between two partitions—there was a short board, and then a higher one behind—the prisoner was close to me—Groom was in the Court, walking about—there was no particular noise, only the business was going on—there were a number of persons talking—I should think I was there an hour or more—there was one woman standing in a corner, and a witness standing by.





JOHN GROOM
. I am a constable of St. Martin-in-the-Fields—I was attending the Court of Requests on the 2nd of May, about four o'clock—I saw the prisoner standing by the side of the prosecutrix, hitching her gown up gently—he at last got it up, and I observed him very busy with the pocket—he drew his hand out, and dropped a fourpenny-piece—a witness who is here picked it up—the prisoner said, "It is mine"—I ran up and seized him with some money in his hand—he struggled, and thrust his hand into his pocket—I asked the prosecutrix if she had had her pocket picked—she felt, and said "Lord bless me, yes! every thing I had is taken out"—I immediately tried to get the prisoner's hand out of his pocket, but he dropped the money in the pocket, and in the pocket I found one half-crown, two sixpences, a fourpenny-piece, 3 1/2 d. in halfpence, and five farthings.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you there on duty? A. Yes—I was about three yards from the prisoner while he was picking the pocket—there was no partition between me and him—Alderson was about a yard from him at the time he picked up the fourpenny-piece, and gave it the prisoner—I laid hold of the prisoner by the collar, and attempted to get hold of his hand—he thrust his hand into his left trowsers' pocket—I had not spoken to the prosecutrix before that—I did afterwards—there was no noise in the court—I do not suppose there were twenty persons there—they were clearing out—I was in such a situation as to be able to see what took place.





DAVID ALDERSON
. I was at the Court, standing with my back to the clerk's desk—I heard some money, and saw a fourpenny-piece drop—I took it up—the prisoner came and said it was his—I said, "Are you sure it is?"—he said yes, and I gave it him—I then heard the constable ask the lady if she had lost any thing—she said she had.

Cross-examined. Q. What distance were you from the prisoner? About two yards—he was standing on the right hand side of the prosecutrix—Groom was a short distance from me.

E.G. JONES
re-examined. This is the sixpence, which I know to be mine.


Prisoner's Defence. I can prove that I had the money when I came from home.





HANNAH TOOLE
. I am the prisoner's mother. I remember the day he was taken into custody—I had seen him that day at home in his own room—we went out between eleven and twelve o'clock, and I received the money for two pairs of boots and a pair of shoes, of Mr. Payne, a master shoemaker—I gave him a half-crown, two sixpences, and one shilling—I made a remark that one sixpence was bent, and Mr. Payne said it was a very good one—I gave that money to my son when I came out of the gentleman's house, and he told me he was going to look after a summons.

COURT. Q. How many sixpences had he? A. I gave him two—I do not know what he had besides—I know he had some farthings—I did not take notice how many—I do not know whether any were bent—I cannot tell bow many farthings he had, because halfpence and farthings were together—I saw the coppers in his hand—I do not know exactly, but I think there was a fourpenny-piece—I do not know how many half-crowns he had, but I gave him one, and a crooked sixpence.





JOHN PAYNE
. I am a boot and shoemaker, and live at No. 197, White-cross-street—I am no relation of the prisoner's—I bought two pairs of boots and a pair of shoes of his mother on the 2nd of May—I gave her a half-crown, a shilling, and two sixpences—one sixpence his mother refused—I said it was silver, though it was bent—it was similar to this one—I cannot say this is it, but it is like it.

COURT. Q. Should you take it without hesitation? A. Yes—I cannot swear to the half-crown—I very often buy boots and shoes of them—I bought two pairs of boots and one pair of shoes—they were old ones to mend up again—I am the householder, and have lived there seven years—Mrs. Toole asked me to come here and say the party I gave the six-pence to.
(Aquilini Lucioni, a shoemaker, of Ray-street, Clerkenwell, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
*. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.
