





239. 
               
                  
                     OBADIAH 
                     WOODCOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 12 ounces of silk, value 1l. 4s., and 9 wooden bobbins, value 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George Devereux 
                  Ford
               




            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MACREE
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  George 
                  Macree
               



            ; he lives in Great George-street


, and is a weaver. On the 24th of October I was standing at our door; I saw the prisoner another man, and two little boys were looking at their window; the prisoner went by and stood at the prosecutor's door, talking to another man, and the little boy looked out, and said, "Is that you father?" the little boy ran down stairs, and they asked him whether his name was Ford; he said Yes - they said "Where is your father?" he said out; they said, "Is he gone to the public-house?" he said he did not know - they asked if he was gone to the watch-house; he said he did not know - theytook him as far as the corner of the street; the other man then went up stairs with the boy - the prisoner staid at the door about a minute, and then he went in and shut the door; the prisoner went up stairs; I heard the hobbins fall on the floor - the little boy screamed out murder, and said, "Pray don't, I shall be murdered when my father comes home" - I called my father down, and said there were two men robbing Mr. Ford; he ran down, and saw the other man run away - he ran, but could not catch him; I saw the prisoner come out, and cried out Stop thief! and the patrol stopped him six or seven doors from the prosecutor's house.


                  ROBERT 
                  FORD
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I saw the prisoner and another man come into my father's room, one Monday night; I was looking out at my father's window, and said, "Is that you father?" the prisoner said, "I am not your father, but I want to speak to you;" I went as far as the end of the street, and then I said, "I must not go any farther;" we came back, and they both went up stairs; the other man pretended to be looking at my cap, and he went behind my father's shelf, and filled his pockets with shute; the prisoner then came up - they whispered together, and this prisoner put the bobbins in his hat, with silk on them - then he took a handkerchief out of his pocket, put shute into it, and tied them up; I said, "Oh, don't take my father's shute, I shall get murdered" - he said, "The more you halloo, the more I'll take;" I said, "Murder! thieves! thieves! murder! they have got my father shute;" they then run away - when the prisoner had got two or three doors off, I saw the officer take him; the bobbins were found at the foot of the stairs.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you lose sight of me? A. No; when you ran down stairs I looked out of window and saw you - I am sure he is the man that took my father's shute.


                  GEORGE 
                  DEVEREUX
               



             FORD. I am the witness' father. I went out on the 24th of November, but I left my work safe, and when I came home I missed nine bobbins of shute; I found three of them at the foot of the stairs, at the bottom of the passage - the other six are lost; they are worth 24s. or 25s. - if the thief had not been found I should have lost my character for ever.
COURT. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. I never knew him before.
Prisoner's Defence. I had a pint or two of beer at the corner of the said street, and as I was going past I heard the two boys call out; I went into the entry to hear what was the matter, and a man rushed out in his shirt sleeves, he took me, and said, "You have been at the work;" I said, "You are mistaken;" he went to get his clothes on, and the patrol took me.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CRISPIN
               



            . I took hold of him at the foot of the stairs, and he dropped the bundle where it was found.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
