



1301. 




JOHN MARRIOTT
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
27th of April, at St. Luke, 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 waistcoat, value 7s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 5 gowns, value 1l. 10s.; 4 petticoats, value 8s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 pair of stays, value 5s.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 2 shawls, value 1l.; 5 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 3 towels, value 2s.; collars, value 4s.; 1 box, value 2s.; 2 half-sovereigns, 1 crows, and half-crowns; the goods and monies of 



Edward Flannagan, in his dwelling-house.






EDWARD FLANNAGAN
. I am a labourer, and live in City Garden-row, St. Luke. I occupy the second floor—the landlord does not live in the house—on the 27th of April I went out to work in the morning—when I came home, I found I was robbed of the articles stated in the indictment—the prisoner had lived in the house, and left about four months ago—all the property was in a box except my clothes, which were in another box, which was broken open, and my clothes taken out and taken away—the money and my wife's clothes were in another box, which was earned away—a pair of stockings were found in the prisoner's pocket, which I know to be mine—they had been in my wife's box—I gave charge of two men named Green and Yates, but they were discharged.





JOHANNA FLANNAOAN
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 27th of April I left the two boxes secure, when I went out at a quarter to twelve o'clock in the day—I locked the door, and put the key into my pocket, leaving all the property secure—I returned at a quarter past five o'clock—I found my door wide open, one trunk taken away, and the other broken open—there were two half-sovereigns, five half-crowns, and five shillings in my box, which was taken away—I have recovered nothing but a pair of stockings, which I know to be my husband's—he had had them fix months—I know them perfectly well.





HENRY YATES
. I am a bricklayer's labourer. I was taken up on this charge and discharged—the prisoner came to where I live on the morning of the 27th of April, and said he had been to his master's to see if he could get any work—he told me, when I was in custody at Hatton-garden, that he had the box and clothes, and that he had a cab waiting at the top of the street for him—I said to him, "John, it is very hard I and Green should be taken innocently," and he laughed at me.

Prisoner. When I lived where your mother did, you left the key for me to go into the place, and because I had not time to bring you half the money the things fetched, you told the policeman all this. Witness. It is false.





JOHN FLYNN
. I am ten years old, and live with my lather, who is a watch finisher, opposite Mr. Flannagan. I was standing at the door a little before tea—I did not notice what time it was—I heard a rattling, and went to the door and saw the prisoner come down the stairs, carrying a box.





WILLIAM CHING
. I am a policeman. About half-past ten o'clock, on the 27th of April, I apprehended the prisoner, and found a pair of stockings in his coat pocket, also one sovereign, one half sovereign, four half-crowns, two shillings, and 6 l/2d. in copper—at the office, when the prosecutrix was examined, the prisoner interrupted her, when she said there were five half-crowns in the box, he said, "There were not five, there were only two."


MRS. FLANNAGAN. These stockings are my husband's—the things were worth above 5l.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.
