






117. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SOUCH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN CHARLES 
                     THOMAS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Bousfield
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a patrol. On the evening of the 21st of October I saw the prisoners in Cheapside together; there was a considerable crowd, as there had been a fire in Bucklersbury


; I saw Mr. Bousfield passing - I saw Souch take the handkerchief from his pocket; I took hold of him, tapped Mr. Bousfield on the shoulder, and asked if he had lost any thing - Souch then dropped the handkerchief; Thomas was standing quite close to him; they had been walking close together from the end of Queen-street - I did not see Thomas do any thing; when I took Souch he walked away.


                  JOHN 
                  FARMER
               



            . I was with Smith, and saw the prisoners together; I saw Souch take the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket - Smith laid hold of him; the other began to walk away very quick, but I stopped him, and took them both into custody.
MR. SAMUEL BOUSFIELD. I lost this handkerchief on the 21st of October; it has got my name on it - this is it.
Souch's Defence. I am quite innocent; I know nothing of this young man.
Thomas' Defence. I went to see a friend in Whitechapel - I saw the fire; I was just crossing the road - Smith laid hold of me - I know nothing of this young man.
SOUCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
THOMAS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
