



487. 




DANIEL MURRAY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of December, 1 pair of boots, value 6s., the goods of 



Thomas Meredith, his master.






THOMAS MEREDITH
. I am a boot and shoe-maker, and live at Ratcliff-cross Stairs. The prisoner was my apprentice—about the 9th of December he had been absent for a time—on the 17th of December he got up in the morning, and I missed a pair of boots—on the 14th of January his brother brought him to me—I said, "What have you done with the boots?"—he said, "I have sold them for 9d. at a shop at the top of Rag-fair"—I said, "Should you know that shop again?"—he said, "Yes"—they were worth 6s.—they were not new ones, but were newly soled and heeled—these are them.





GEORGE WILLIAM GRAVE
 (policeman K 233.) On the 14th of January, the prosecutor gave the prisoner into my custody—he said he had sold the boots, at the bottom of Rag-fair, for 9d. and an old pair of boots, which he had sold to another person for 3 1/2 d.—I went and found the boots there.





JOSEPH HOPPE
. I am a clothes-salesman, and deal in new and second-hand shoes—I live in the Minories. The prisoner brought a pair of boots to me—I gave him 9d. for them—I asked him where he got them—he said his father and him repaired boots, and that he lived in Beck's-rents, Rosemary-lane, which are about three hundred yards from my shop—I gave him a pair of boots which he was to repair for 1s.—I never saw him again till about a week after, when the policeman brought him, and I produced the boots.

Prisoner. He said he would give me 9d. and the old pair for them.

Witness. I did not—I gave him them to repair—they were worth about 6d.—they would have been much better than these, when repaired.





THOMAS MEREDITH

re-examined. The journeyman's wages of these boots

cost me 2s. 6d.—I only repair them to fill the men's time up, and pay them the same wages as I do for a bespoke pair—the leather would be worth 14d., besides the labour and patches, which are 2s. 6d.—any man must know they are worth more than 9d.




GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.
