



714. 




HENRY BOXER
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Bruton, on the
 11th of January, at 
 St. Dunstan, Steboneath, otherwise Stepney, and stealing therein, 2 coats, value 2l.; 2 waistcoats, value 10s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 16s.; 3 shirts, value 10s.; 3 spoons, value 15s.; 21 yards of cotton, value 14s.; I shawl, value 13s.; 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; 4 gowns, value 1l. 19s.; 7 yards of lace, value 1s.; 2 petticoats, value 8s.; 2 sheets, value 5s.; 4 stockings, value 3s.; I guinea, 3 sovereigns, I crown, and 2 half-crowns; the goods and monies of the said 



James Bruton.






MARIA BRUTON
. I am the wife of James Bruton, a labourer, who lives at No. 18, Durham-row, Stepney church-yard. On Friday, the 11th of January, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I left my house, leaving nobody in it—I double-locked the door, and took the key with me—the doors and windows were fast—I returned between twelve and one o'clock, and found the door on the single lock—I missed my canary bird out of the cage—a small box had been broken open, and two sovereigns and a guinea taken out, a table spoon, two tea-spoons, seven yards of narrow edging, and half a yard of net—I also missed a pair of boots, two flannel petticoats, some stockings, and three shirts—I complained to the officer, and found the prisoner at the station-house about two o'clock that day—he had a very dirty face, and a remarkably clean shirt on, and on looking at it I found it was my husband's shirt, which I had left in the drawer.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is there a back as well as a front door to your house? A. Yes, there are but two rooms in the house, and a back shed—I had 21/2lbs. of pork in that shed and some butter—the prisoner told me of that at the station-house, but I did not know it was gone then—there is a window to that shed, which had not been opened for two or three days, for I did not usually use it—it looks into a small garden—there is a wall six or seven feet high—I had no

occasion to look at the window before I went out or during the day—my husband had gone out at half-past seven o'clock in the morning—he is not here—I found the window just as I had left it—I found the impression of a chisel on the window shutter in front of the house—I am quite sure that window was in a different state to what I had left it, because there was an aperture in the form of a wedge, about eight inches down—it is a sash window, and was fastened with a bolt and a small hinge—there is a shutter to it—I did not open it myself, one of my neighbours did—the shutter was closed when I left, and the window fastened—I found the shutter open, not the window—a person could have got in at the window—I suppose that was the way they entered—a pick-lock key was produced afterwards, which exactly fitted my door—there is a shutter to the back window, but that was up and fastened—I have not had it down since—I found the back door fastened with two bolts, as I had left, it.





MARY ANN ANDREWS
. I am the wife of Thomas Andrews, a carpenter, at Stepney. On the day in question I was coming through Stepney church-yard, and saw the prisoner and another man come out of Mrs. Bruton's house, and close the door after them—the prisoner had a chisel in his left hand—I knew him before, and am positive of him—the other man had a bundle—I watched them as far as I could see them—I then went to No. 18, and knocked at the door, but found Mrs. Bruton was not at home—I then informed her next-door neighbour, and went to the station-house, and told the policemen—I am certain of the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you known the prisoner? A. About a fortnight before, when I went to his house on a little business—I cannot say whether he had whiskers on—I have not said he had—I did not take notice—my husband works for Mr. Alsop, a master-builder.





CHARLES HENRY MOCKETT
 (police-sergeant K 5.) In consequence of information I went to Bruton's house, and found every thing in confusion—I went in pursuit of the thieves, and, on inquiring, found two men had gone through the church-yard, one carrying a bundle—I went into Limehouse-fields, and made further inquiry—I knocked at several doors, and one door was opened by the prisoner's wife—I asked her if two men had come in—she said, "No," but I saw the prisoner through the glass in the house—I immediately went into the room, and said, "Boxer, it is all wrong"—he said, "Mockett, I don't understand you; what do you mean?"—I said, "There is something wrong; you know I am right; two men have come in here"—he said, "Well, it is no use keeping any thing from you; two young men have come and taken my room, and have left a parcel there, and if it is wrong you must take it away"—that the man had just gone out and taken. the key, and one man's name was Stiles—he rose from his chair, and said he would authorise me to break open the door of the room which Stiles had taken—I said, No; he, being the landlord, had better break it open—he said be would not—I called in a constable, and gave him and his wife into custody—I then sent for a ladder, and got into the room from the street, and found all the property which had been stolen from the prosecutor—I examined the front-parlour shutter of the prosecutor's house, and found impressions of a chisel on the outside shutter—it had been forced—I found a chisel corresponding with the impressions in the prisoner's shop—it if not a chisel used by cabinet-makers—Mrs. Bruton claimed the shirt the prisoner had on his back at the station-house—I found on a bench in his shop a key which opened the room door where the property was, concealed

—he told me the young man had taken the key with him—I tried the key to the prosecutor's door, but it would not open it—he could have got in at the window.

Cross-examined. Q. Who did you receive your information from? A. Mrs. Andrews and another female—I should say I went to the prisoner's house about twenty-five minutes after I had seen her—I went to several houses before I went to his—Mrs. Andrews did not say any thing to me about the prisoner—she did not mention any particular person—the prisoner is a cabinet-maker by business—I have known him eight years—I do not know of his keeping a broker's shop, or having lodgers—when Mrs. Andrews saw him at the station-house she said he was the man—that was between two and three o'clock, and after I had found the property at his house, but she did not know the property was found.

JURY. Q. What induced you to go to the prisoner's house? A. Mrs. Andrews said she saw two men go up the church-yard—I then received information, and went on in that direction, knocking at several doors, and seeing the prisoner in his house, and knowing him to have been in trouble before, it made me suspect him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
(Benjamin Strutt, pocket-book maker, Aldersgate-street; Thomas Bradley, carpenter, Wilmington-square; Thomas Clicksby, Cleveland-street, Fitzroy-square; and Elizabeth Butterey, East-street, Stepney; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 45.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
