





1165. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     POTTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, 1 pair of shoes, value 3s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Comin
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  COWDEROY
               



            . I live in Holywell-lane, Shoreditch


, and am a currier. On the 7th of May I was in my shop, and saw the prisoner and another boy standing close by the prosecutrix's, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Comin
               



            's shop - they were within a yard of it; I saw an arm reaching up to something - I then looked at my door, and saw the prisoner putting the shoes under his coat; I had not seen any thing done with regard to a nail at the prosecutrix's shop door; my deposition was read over to me when I signed it - the prisoner walked away a few paces, and then he ran; I pursued, and called Stop thief! he then dropped the shoes - Robert Stroulger picked them up, and gave them to me; I saw the prisoner in custody in a quarter of an hour or less - I had seen him before - he was an apprentice in the same street; I took the shoes to the prosecutrix, and laid them on the counter - the prisoner was brought back by the Policeman, and the shoes were given to the Policeman.
ROBERT STROULGER. I am the son of Robert Stroulger, of New Inn-yard, a wine-cooper. On the 7th of May I was in King John-court, which is about one hundred yards from Holywell-lane; I saw the prisoner running as fast as he could, with a pair of boots under his arm - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and pursued him; he threw down the boots - I took them up, and gave them to this gentleman.
JAMES GRADY. I am a Police-constable. On the 7th of May I was on duty in Shoreditch - I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running; I overtook him, and took him to the shop of Mrs. Comin - I there received these shoes.
MARY ANN COMIN. These are my shoes. I keep the shop
 in question - they had been placed on a nail, on a lath, inside the shop door - I had seen them safe about ten minutes before.
Prisoner's Defence. I do not know any thing about them, and I did not have them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
