



513. 




PETER THOMAS TADMAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of December, I carriage, called a cabriolet, value 55l., the goods of 



William John Felton.


MESSRS. BODKIN and ALLEN conducted the prosecutions.





JACOB STONE
. I am clerk to Mr. William John Felton, a coach-maker, in Belgrave-square—I act for him in the management of his business, In December last the prisoner came to purchase a carriage, but did not purchase one—he invited me to call on him relative to it; and in pursuance of that I went to No, 4 Westborne-place, Eaton-square, about the 17th or 18th of December—I saw him there in a house elegantly furnished—he invited me up-stairs to see his drawing-room, and pointed to a very elegant screen—I forget whether I mentioned it first or he, but the subject arose about the Chinese paintings on it—he said, "It is very handsome, is it not? I bought it a few days ago"—he proposed to give a bill at four months of his own acceptance, for a carriage, which I declined—I saw him again on the 20th—I wanted another name on the bill—he then said he would not purchase, as he expected to receive his money is a short time, and he would have something for a month—he at first stated he would have a headed chaise, but I had not one to lend him—he then said he would have a cabriolet—I said I had one of them, and he selected one, which he hired at five guineas a month—our months consist of twenty-eight days—he came the next day, about twelve o'clock, I think, the 21st, and took away the cabriolet—he had a little boy with him in livery, who acted as his servant—some one had brought a horse which was there before the prisoner came—the boy had come before the prisoner to know where the cabriolet was, and they were trying the horse in it round the square—the prisoner then took the cabriolet away—I had not received any thing of him on account, neither money nor bill—it was on the faith of his being the proprietor of the handsome house and furniture which I had seen, that I allowed him to take the cabriolet on hire—I had not in any respect sold it to him—the purchase went off—he had stated that he wanted the cabriolet for the purpose of waiting on the gentlemen who were going on an excursion—I do not think I saw him again till the 28th of December, when he called again at Mr. Felton's, and said he had lent the cabriolet to the steward, but he did not say where the steward was gone—he had produced this paper to me, or one like it—I have no doubt it was this (read)—"Excursion up the Mediterranean—A party of

ladies and gentleman are about to proceed upon an excursion of pleasure up the Mediterranean, and parts adjacent; touching first at Gibraltar, and from thence, as may be agreed upon by a majority of the party. The vessel intended for the excursion is a fine frigate-built ship, with accommodation for thirty passengers: fitted up with every comfort that can be obtained; as warm and cold baths, a piano, harp, a band of music, a earriage for inland parties, and a small yacht for shooting and fishing excursions—the tables will be covered in every respect and style, not to be excelled by a first-rate hotel or club-house, as neither trouble nor expense will be spared in the selection of articles of the finest qualities—the charge for passengers (80l. each per month)will include all expenses on board, and allow them to indulge in every luxury—ladies and gentlemen desirous of visiting that delightful part of the globe, with advantages never before offered, will learn further particulars by application to Captain Tadman, 4, Westbourne-place, Eaton-square.
"P. S. To sail the first week in April, "

Q. Did the prisoner represent himself as this Captain Tadman? A. Yes, he told me he had people of high respectability to call on relative to this matter—he said, on the 28th of December, when he called, that he had lent the cabriolet to the steward, and he wanted something to drive Mrs. Tadman about in; and he hired a phaeton which he took away—I received come information, and waited on him a few days afterwards—I saw him, and said, I wanted to know where the carriages stood—(the cabriolet was worth about 55l.)—he said the cabriolet was at Portsmouth, being used by his steward, and the phaeton was at the Ship livery stables at Brighton—that was the reason he gave me why they could not be returned as I requested—they were never returned—I afterwards saw the cabriolet at Mr. Robinson's repository in Little Britain—it was in a coach-house, on the right hand side, and was the one I let to the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. DUNBER. Q. Was it amongst the carriages which were exhibited for sale? A. No; it was in a coach-house, by itself—Mr. Felton never saw the prisoner but once—I do not know when it was—Mr. Felton told me he saw him—I went to the prisoner's house, by his own invitation, not by Mr. Felton's direction—when I went the first time they were at breakfast—I did not partake of any—I called a great number of times—I did not inquire who the house belonged to—one morning Mrs. Tadman asked me to take a glass of light wine, and I was so pressed that I could not help taking it—the paper which was put into my hand was this one, or contained words to this effect—I never saw an advertisement like this in my life before—when the cabriolet was hired, some man brought a horse from a livery-stable—it was one of Salter's men—I think it is very likely Mr. Felton was at the house at the time the cabriolet was delivered, as he generally comes to town a little after nine o'clock in the in the morning, and leaves about twelve o'clock—at the prisoner's first coming, he gave me a reference—I found the person he described, but I was not satisfied with it, not to trust him one hundred guineas—I went to his house after I had had the reference—I have been with Mr. Felton about thirteen months—I am paid weekly—the cabriolet was worth 55l., but driven to a desperate market it might go for 30l.—I have heard that 10l. was lent on it—we had no horses to let out with carriages—we had a pair of ponies, which I offered to let the prisoner, as they were eating their heads off, and if we could have let them to any person for their keep, during the winter, we should have

been gald—I do not know what answer he made me when I offered them—I had no idea that he meant to deprive Mr. Felton of this property.

MR. ALLEN. Q. I believe you have a general commission from Mr. Felton to transact his business? A. Yes—the prisoner gave me the advertisement himself—the reference which he gave me was relative to a purchase and that was previous to my waiting on him—Mr. Felton has blamed me for not taking more care.





HENRY AGATE
. I am clerk to Mr. Robinson, who keeps a repository, in Little Britain, for the sale of horses and carriages, We have sales there weekly, and take in carriages to stand for sale—the prisoner applied to us about the sale of a carriage, on the 14th of December and on the 21st, in the afternoon, about three o'clock, he came with a cabriolet,—I think he stated that he wanted a trifling advance upon it—we advanced him 10l.—he proposed to leave the cabriolet with us—a lad came with him, who took away the horse and the harness.

COURT. Q. Recollect, as nearly as you can, at what hour he came? A. I cannot say positively—it might have been an hour before three o'clock, or after three o'clock—what I stated to the Magistrate was correct.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner give you a direction to his residence? A. Yes—I had seen him before—he did not desire us to sell the cabriolet—it was not put where we put things for sale—he never stated that he wanted to sell it—in a forced market it would have fetched from 30l. to 40l.—if he had required within 10l. of what it would have sold for, we should very likely have given it him.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did it remain at your repository from the time the prisoner brought it, till Mr. Stone came? A. Yes; and he saw it.

COURT. Q. When carriages are left in this way, do you charge any thing for them? A. Yes; for their standing—we should have charged half-a-crown a week—if that is not paid, we usually give the parties notice to come for their carriages, or if not, that we shall sell them by suction.





JOSEPH PAUL
. I am a house-agent, and live in Sloans-street. I had the care and the letting of a house at No. 4, Westbourne-place—it was furnished, and belonged to Sophia Beville—the prisoner hired it, and lived in it—he went there on the 9th of December, and remained till he was apprehended—among the rest of the furniture there was a very handsome screen.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in the house at the time Stone was there? A. No; but there never was but that one screen in the house.

COURT. Q. The house was furnished, and the furniture belonged to Miss Bevill? A. Yes—there was a very handsome Chiness screen there.

Prisoner's Defence. My intention was a legitimate transaction—I intended to have gone to the Mediterranean with a yatcht, and therefore, I did advertise, and that arose from a speculation of last spring, which fell to the ground, but I have been deprived of the means of paying my creditors from whom I had goods, by a malicious report—I had not been more than three weeks in the house, before that report got into circulation—I am only sorry that a case of the name of Binyon, had not come on previous to this, as it would have opened the eyes of the Jury, and shown them that I am not that hypocritical wretch, which I am represented to be—it is a conspiracy to get me out of the house, or I could have let it for 6l. or 7l. a week—one gentleman went to a pawnbroker, where some of the goods were pledged, and stated that he had an invoice of them—he told a palpable lie, and he ought to have stood here—I should have had

the means three weeks ago, of paying for this carriage, and of paying every man every shilling—it has been stated, that I was a bankrupt five years ago, it is true, but it was through my partner, who went to America, and it was acknowledged before the Lord Mayor, that I never was known in any transaction—I acknowledge I am a poor man, and I started this thing, merely to see if I could not do something—I had promises of support—I had the offer of two or three vessels, but had not closed with one—I had agreed with several wholesale house, and had prices of goods—I have never gone into a warehouse, where they would not have trusted me with hundreds of pounds, but I have never taken any thing, but these plated things, not more than 300l. worth—the case of Mr. Binyon, was brought on before the Magistrate, and it was proved that they had perjured themselves—I assure you it was my full intention to return every thing, and I should have been in a situation to have done it, but people were planted in the neighbourhood, and every one who went near my house, was told, "Don't go there"—I have letters to prove it.




GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.
