




239. 




EMMA SMITH
 was again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of November, ¾ of a yard of velvet, value 8s.; 2 ear-rings, value 5s.; 1 cap, value 7s.; 1 frock, value 9s.; and 1 habit shirt, value 4s.; the goods of 



William Lovell; and 





ELIZABETH WILKINS
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY COOK
. I am servant to Mr. Lovell. About three weeks ago Smith asked me if I had seen some velvet in my mistress's drawer—I said "No"—she then told me she would show me a piece of velvet—she went into her room, unlocked her own box, and produced this piece—she then put it back into her box—I told her I would tell—she told me not to tell, as she was going to make a bonnet of it—about three weeks ago I saw Emma unlock my mistress's glass drawer with the key of her own tea-chest when I was helping her to make mistress's bed, she took out a pair of ear-rings, and told me she would take them to Mrs. Wilkins—there was a cornelian stone on the top of one—she said she would get it altered—she put them into her pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where were you at the time? A. In the bed-room—Emma opened the glass drawer and took out the ear-rings.

Q. Upon your oath did you not state to me in the last case, that you were down stairs when she opened it? A. I was up stairs—it was on a Sunday morning she took the wine-glasses—it was on a Thursday she took the ear-rings—I am almost sure it was not the same day that I saw the velvet.





MARTHA MASON
. I was lodging at Mrs. Wilkins's. I know Smith, by coming to and fro—I remember her coming to the house and bringing some velvet and ear-rings—she gave them to Mrs. Wilkins, and said the velvet was to make her a bonnet, and the ear-rings to be repaired, for her mistress had made her a present of them—she gave me a frock-body, and said she would make me a present of it—she brought them on a Sunday night, and on the Monday morning I took them to Mr. Lovell's brother.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you married? A. Yes, my husband does not live with me—I went to lodge at Mrs. Wilkins's—I had been in service, and was then living on what I had saved when I was in place—I left my place six weeks ago—I had parted from my husband seven or eight months ago—I cannot exactly say how long—it is about that time—I went to service about a week after I parted from him, and I was in place seven months—I did not know Wilkins before I went to lodge there, but her landlady told me she took in persons to lodge—I did not go there to be confined—it is a fortnight ago last Monday night that I had the conversation about the wine-glasses—it was three weeks ago, to the best of my recollection, when she f brought things in, but I was not at home when she first brought them—I went to Mr. Lovell's as soon as I had any thing to show—I tasted the wine, but it was too bad to be drank.





JOHN HULL
. I am an officer. I found at Wilkins's this velvet in a box, and the ear-rings she produced—I went with Mrs. Lovell, and told Wilkins I had come about Mr. Lovell being robbed—she denied all knowledge of any thing of the kind—she stated, in reference to the whole of the

articles, that Emma Smith brought them there, and left them—I then took her—I had taken Smith before; she said she had been robbing her master.

Cross-examined. Q. What were her words? A. She stated she had robbed her master—I believe I stated that to the magistrate—I cannot tell—I do not know whether what I said was taken in writing—it was read over to me—I did not upon recollection say that she had robbed her master.





ELIZABETH LOVELL
. These are my property—I never gave these ear-rings to Smith, they were in a drawer in my room which was kept locked—this velvet was cut off a roll in a drawer in my room—I have compared it with what is left—I lost more than this.
(Elizabeth Reader, of Bryanston-square; and Elizabeth Bedsor, of Fetter-lane; and Catherine Harrison, Pentonville-road, gave the prisoner, Smith, a good character.)

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—



Confined Four Months.

WILKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 65.—


Transported for Seven Years.
