





719. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MARELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 2nd of February
, 42 copper patty-pans, value 20s., and 2 copper boxes, value 3s., the goods of the 
                     
                        
Duke
 of Wellington
                        



                     
                  , which said goods had lately before been stolen, by some evil disposed person
            ; against the Statute.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BONEY
               



            . I am cook to the Duke of Wellington. These articles were stolen from the pantry at the bottom of Apsley-house


 - there are forty-two copper patty-pans and two boxes, which were taken; I did not know the prisoner till I saw him with the officer in Maddox-street - the brazier came and told me he had seen the prisoner with them, and they were marked with the Duke of Wellington's coronet - I had inquired for the prisoner at his house, and they said he was not at home, but he was at home, and we took him; he denied having them.


                  GEORGE 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a brazier, and live at No. 8, Davies-street, Berkeley-square; I saw the prisoner at my shop, about the middle or the latter end of January - he was quite a stranger; he brought two copper boxes, containing patties - he took off the covers, and asked if I made such things; I told him I did - they appeared to me to be full, and to have twenty-four in each, as we usually make them; I took one from each box as he held them in his hand, and saw the Duke of Wellington's crest on them, and D. W. - he asked what I would make them for per dozen; I told him the price, and he said he would call and give orders for some - I did not see him again for about nine days; I had in the mean time been to the witness and told him what had occurred - the prisoner called at my house again, and said he wanted to give me an order for some fire-irons and baking sheets, but said nothing about the patties; I asked him his address, and he said, "No. 8, Woodstock-street;" he wrote his name and address on a piece of paper, which I gave to Plank, who is not here, but I remember that was the direction - I made inquiries, and found the prisoner and three others had taken apartments at the house, as wholesale pastry-cooks; I saw the prisoner there, and he pointed to an oven, for which he said he wanted some baking-sheets- I looked about, but could not find any of the articles he had brought to my shop; the prisoner said he had them, and would lend me a few of those he had shown me, but he had lent them to a friend to use; I did not see them again till I saw them in the officer's possession - he spoke English to me, and seemed to understand me.


                  ROBERT 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a fruiterer and confectioner. I have known the prisoner since June last; he came to me the latter end of January, or early in February, with a case of these patty-pans - he came to my counter, opened the case, and said he had a case of patty-pans, which would suit me very well; I asked how he came by them - he said they were given him; I said they were things I never use - he pressed me very much to keep them, but I refused; he called about a fortnight afterwards, about eight o'clock in the evening, and said, "You had better buy them - they are very good; I have been to the gentleman who makes them, and he says they are worth 7s. 6d. a dozen;" he said, "Let me have 2s. 6d., I have had no meat to-day, and I want 1s. for my lodging;" I said, "If you are distressed for 2s. 6d., you shall have it, but Idon't want these things;" he thanked me, and went away for about a month, when he came and said he had gone into business with two men, and wanted some oranges and lemons - he had two dozen of oranges, which were sent to his house, and taken in by the prisoner; these cases were left at my house as security for the 2s. 6d. - he did not mention the Duke of Wellington, but said he knew Mr. Boney very well; I do not recollect his saying he had been to see him - he spoke in English.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . This property was given to me by Mr. Smith; I searched the prisoner's lodgings in New Quebec-street - I found some copper-filing on the table and this file; the patty-pans have all the crests filed out; the file is full of copper now, and a small crucible was in his box.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner made a long Defence in broken English, stating, that a man brought the articles to him to sell for him, and he took them to Mr. Smith; he had never seen the crest on them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
