



202. 




WILLIAM VESEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Rees, on the 
4th of November, at 
Greenwich, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 1l. 5s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 7s.; 1 sovereign, 2 half-sovereigns, 4 crown-pieces, 8 half-crowns, 18 shillings, and 4 sixpences, the goods and monies of 



David Rees; and 2 coats, value 2l. 5s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 box, value 2s.; 4 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 4 crowns, and 6 half-crowns; the goods and monies of the said Joseph Rees.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH REES
. I live in Bridge-street, Greenwich, with my brother David—we rent a room in the house—on the 4th of November, at six o'clock in the morning, I left the room to go to work—my brother had gone out before me—I left nobody in the room—I locked the door—I had a box in the room, containing five sovereigns, and 1l. 13s. 6d. in silver—it was locked—there was also a great coat of mine in the same box, with a body-coat, a pair of light trowsers, and a silk-handkerchief—my brother had box besides mine—I returned to the room about half-past eleven o'clock at night, and found two policemen and my brother there—I found my box

down in the yard, broken open and empty—I found in the yard a sheet in a wrapper, a half-sovereign, and a half-crown—I have known the prisoner all my life—he used to go about to fairs, and job about my uncle's yard—he knew the premises as well as I knew them myself—I pay the ✗ of the room—my brother pays me part of it—it is a house belonging to my uncle, let out in tenements—we pay 1s. 9d. a week for our room—belongs to us both.





DAVID REES
. I live with ray brother. On the 4th of November I had a box in the room, containing 5l. 2l. in gold and three in silver—I went out at five o'clock in the morning, and returned two or three times in the course of the day—the last time was between four and five o'clock—I went out again almost directly, and left the room fastened, and my box, containing the money, a coat, and trowsers, safe—I returned just before twelve o'clock at night, before my brother—I unlocked the door, went in, I found the window open—I went in, and got a light—I found my box in the room open, and all the property taken out, and my brother's box gone altogether—my box had been left locked—I called in the officers.

Prisoner. He said before the Magistrate it was half-past eleven o'clock he went home. Witness. It was between eleven and twelve o'clock.





RICHARD LILLYWHITE
. I am a constable of Greenwich. On Sunday morning, the 5th of November, at half-past ten o'clock, I heard of the robbery, and in consequence of information, accompanied the prosecutor London—I was close to the Black Horse public-house, near the Mint, on Tower-hill, and observed the prisoner standing there—he did not perceive me coming—I have known him for ten yean—I went up and took him into custody—he turned round, and I told him he was my prisoner—he said, "What is it for, Dick?"—I said, "On suspicion of breaking into a house in Bridge-street, and stealing some property belonging to Rees "—he said, "Well, I am d----d if I'm not pinched for house-breaking at last; do you suppose I would rob those two young men?"—I said he was the person suspected, and I must take him—he had a bundle under his arm, containing all new articles which are not claimed by the prosecutor, and he had a hat on his head—I moved him about fifty yards further, as a mob gathered, and then said I must search him—he said he would see me d----d before I should search him, unless I took him to the station-house—however, I searched him, and in his left-hand trowsers' pocket found five sovereigns and three half-sovereigns—he said he brought that money from Bletchingley fair—he has lately attended booths at fairs the fair had been held that week.

Prisoner. He can speak to my character. Witness, I have known him several times in custody.





THOMAS BROOKS
. I am a cordwainer. On Saturday evening, the 4th of November, between seven and eight o'clock, I was near the prosecutor's house, and saw the prisoner (whom I have known some time) about thirty or forty feet from the prosecutor's premises, going towards them—I thought he saw me, and shunned me, for he made a sort of short pause, and then stooped under some rails.

Prisoner. Q. When I met you, did I cross the road, or go straight up? A. You crossed the road, as you stooped under the paling towards the road—I could not see you cross.





JOHN POVEY
. I am a carpenter. I worked at the Bee-hive, at Greenwich—I saw the prisoner there on Wednesday, 1st of November—he told me he was going to Bletchingley fair—that is held about twelve

miles from Croydon—he left to go there as he told me—I saw him again next morning, and said, "I thought you were gone to Bletchingley fair'—he said, "No, I have been as far as Croydon, and heard prior as Webster was not there, so I came back"—they are booth-keepers—I saw him again on the Friday morning, at the Bee-hive, at eleven o'clock—he was there all that day, in and out—I saw him there as late as nine ten o'clock, and lent him 6d. that night, as he had been about tit tap-room all day with another young man, and they complained they had nothing to eat.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say, if I fetched you seven panes of gin, you would give me 6d. for myself? A. He fetched the glass, and I think I did give him something, but it was besides the sixpence I lot him—he cleaned a pair of boots, which I gave him 2d. for, and 4d. manmade up 6d., and on the Saturday evening, between seven and eight o'clock, I lent him 2d. more, as he said he wanted a pint of beer.





MORDECAI MOSES
. I live in King-street, Tower-hill. On Sunday morning, the 5th of November, I sold a person this suit of clothes for 1l. 5s. and this hat for 6s.—I was paid by a sovereign and 10s. 6d. in silver—a person had come in on Saturday night to sell clothes—I told tin Magistrate he looked like the young man I bought them of, but I could not positively say it—the things would not suit me, and he was not in the shop three minutes—the prisoner looks something like the young man.





JANE HOLMES
. I saw the prisoner on Sunday the 5th of November, in Queen-street, Tower-hill, about half-past twelve or one o'clock—I went with him to the Black-horse public-house, and said to him, "Bill, what a shabby jacket you have on "—he said he was going over to a Jew's to buy another, and pointed over to Moses's shop—I saw him in custody about an hour and a half, or two hours after.

Prisoner. I had saved the money up during the summer, from plan to place—I left it in London—I told Povey I was coming to London to get some money—Moses stated at Greenwich, that the person came to hi shop at eight o'clock for the clothes, and Povey said, I did not leave his place till twenty minutes to eight o'clock.




GUILTY* of stealing only—Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years

(The prisoner had been eight times in custody.)

Before Mr. Recorder.

