





202. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ASPEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 1 shawl, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Caroline 
                           Brooks
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            



                  CAROLINE 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am single
, and live in St. Andrew's-terrace, Waterloo-road, I am a dress-maker
. On the 9th of November, I was in Arundel-street


, between five and six o'clock in the evening. I had a shawl on, and all on a sudden the prisoner suatched it off my shoulder; I turned, and cried Stop thief! I am sure it was him - I turned immediately, and he ran down the street - there was no person but him who could have taken it; he had no companion as far as I could judge - I ran after him and never lost sight of him, till he turned Water-street; I then turned, and he was in the hands of two officers - one of them saw him drop the shawl - I had not lost sight of him for a moment; I am sure he is the man.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRICE
               



            . I belong to the Thames Police. I heard the alarm, and turned into Water-street; I found the prisoner in custody of a brother officer - I went up, and the prisoner dropped this shawl from his person, I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me drop it? A. I did, I was not a yard from you; that was about three hundred yards from where the prosecutrix lost it - she had not come up then.


                  JAMES 
                  LILL
               



            . I heard the alarm, saw the prisoner run, and I took him; he said, "My tar, if you will make it all right for me, I will give you two sovereigns;" I had him by the collar, and he had his hand behind him, but I did not see him drop the shawl - I found a pair of scissors on him, and a watch-key.
Prisoner. Q. What did I say to you? A. You said you had lately come from sea, and had 4l. 15s. in your captain's hands, and you would give me two sovereigns; you said you were running after the man that stole the shawl, but there was no one near you; there was no one in the street but you - there had been some rioting just before, and the people followed them.
Prisoner's Defence. I was with the mate of a vessel, and he knew I was not the man who took it; I am a native of New South Wales, and was never in London before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
