







2685. 




GEORGE TASSELL,



 HARRY ADAMS
, and 



DAVID RICE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
7th of September, 1 box, value 3s.; 1 pair of boots, value 7s.; 1 pair of clogs, value 6d.; 1 work-box, value 3s.; 1 brooch, value 3s.; 1 thimble, value 6d.; 3 gowns, value 14s.; 17 aprons, value 12s.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 3 bed-gowns, value 5s.; 6 shifts, value 7s.; 7 petticoats, value 13s.; 2 pairs of drawers, value 3s.; 7 handkerchiefs value 4s.; 8 towels, value 6s.; 1 printed book, value 7s.; 1 shawl, value 3s.; and 3 pairs of cuffs, value 6d.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Smith: and 




ELIZABETH RICE
 and 



MARY LUXTON



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






ELIZABETH SMITH
. I am a servant, and live in East-terrace, New Kent-road. On Saturday evening, the 7th of September, I was going to my situation, from the neighbourhood of the Elephant and Castle public-house—I had a bandbox with me, and another box, containing the property stated in this indictment—I saw the prisoners Tassell, Adams, and David Rice, near the Elephant and Castle public-house—as far as I could judge, they were all in company together—I asked Tassell if he could carry my box to my situation—he said, "Yes," and I gave him the box containing the property stated—the other two men were present—I carried the bandbox myself—at the beginning of St. George's-road I told Tassell that he must cross the road—I crossed myself first, and walked a short distance, thinking he was behind me, but when I turned round it was another young man, and Tassell was gone—David Rice was behind me, and followed me down the street—Adams followed at a distance, but I did not see him—I left my bandbox with Lloyd while I went back, and looked for Tassell, but I could not see him—I saw some of the property afterwards, but not all—this is part of it—(examining it.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You addressed Tassell, and asked him to carry your box? A. Yes, and I entrusted it to him to carry.





JOHN LLOYD
. I am a butcher, and serve Mr. Polden, in whose employ the prosecutrix is—I was at my door on Saturday, the 7th of September—the prosecutrix came to me, and gave me her bandbox—David Rice was standing there—he said, "What is the matter?"—I said she had lost her box—he said, "What a pity!"





JOSEPH DAY
. The prisoner Adams lodged in my house for three weeks—on the Monday after the 7th of September I saw him carry away a box—I do not know what it contained—the box produced, I am quite sure, is the one he had.





ELIZABETH ELVERSON
. My husband is a hatter. On Monday, the 9th of September, I saw Adams in Fleet-street, with a box on his shoulder—he was bringing it from Fleet-street to the corner of a court, that leads down to Gun-street—I do not know what he did with it, but I afterwards saw some boys breaking the box, and told the policeman—this is the box.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Is there any thing peculiar in the box? A. No, it is like the ordinary boxes that servants keep their things,

in—when I first saw Adams with it he was coining from Fryer-street up Fleet-street—I am sure it is the same box—I do not know the direction in which Day lives.





WILLIAM LOCKHART
. I am a policeman. Elizabeth Elverson informed the about this box—I went to the spot, and found the boys were breaking it—they ran away—I took the box, and opened it at the station-house—it contained the articles which are here.





THOMAS BARTLETT
. I am a policeman. I went to Mr. Coles, a pawnbroker, on the 9th of September, about two o'clock, and found the prisoner Luxton there, pawning two gowns, eight aprons, and one petticoat—I asked who she was pawning them for—she said a young man, who was waiting at the corner of the Victoria theatre—I went there, but found no person.





THOMAS WILLIAM REDFORD
. I am a policeman. I took Tassell on the Wednesday, and Elizabeth Rice on the Thursday—I told Tassell he was charged with stealing a box—he said he had nothing at all to do with it—I asked Elizabeth Rice where she had got some articles she had pledged—she said of Adams.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did she not also tell you she had pledged other things for him? A. Yes.





ROBERT WOODFORD
. I am shopman to Mr. Coles, a pawnbroker. I have two shifts and a bedgown, pawned by Elizabeth Rice, on the Saturday evening.





BENJAMIN LOCK WOOD
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a gown, a pair of boots, and some towels, pawned on the Saturday evening, but I did not take them in.





ELIZABETH SMITH

re-examined. This is my box, and these articles are all mine.

Tassell's Defence. I never saw her, nor carried any box.

TASSELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

ADAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.

D. RICE.

E. RICE.

LUXTON.




NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

