



2294. 




OLIVE PAGE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of October, at 

St. James, Westminster, 4 keys, value 4s.; 1 gown, value 10s.; 1 bonnet, value 5s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 2s. 6d.; 1 towel, value 6d.; 1 cap, value 1s.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-crown, 8 shillings, 4l. sixpence 30 pence, 38 halfpence, 1 farthing, 5 £10 bank-notes, and 1 £5 bank note; the goods and monies, of 



George Topple, her master, in his dwelling-house.






GEORGE TOPPLE
. I am a surveyor, and live in Broad-street, Goldensquare, in the parish of St. James, Westminster. My wearing apparel was taken from the bed-room, and the money from a desk in the school-room, which is detached from the dwelling-house, with a covered way merely as a shelter—it is a wooden erection, and not an enclosed passage—the prisoner has been my servant of all-work nearly four months—I am secretary to Crown-street chapel, Soho—part of the money belongs to the chapel, but I am answerable for it—on Sunday evening, the 8th of August, my wife, myself, and eldest daughter had gone to chapel, leaving the prisoner and five young children at home—I was absent from a quarter past six till eight in the evening—I knocked at the door several times,

and rung violently, but could not get in—I reached over the railing, lifted the lower sash, and put up the blind—I there saw my eldest child, whom I bad ordered to sit up, asleep on the sofa—I awoke him to let us in—the prisoner was not there—I searched the bed-room and misted a silk gown a bonnet, and shawl of my wife's, and other property—I went into the school-room, and missed five £10 bank-notes, and one £5 note, and a bag from my desk—I had left my keys in my study above the schools room—I found they had been taken from the study—I afterwards found them, but not that night—I lost altogether £57 14s.—I suspected the prisoner—I heard she had come from Oxford, and wrote a letter with a view of sending it to Oxford by the coach—I went to the Gloucester Coffee-house, Oxford-street, to take the letter—the coach was just about starting, and I saw the prisoner at the back part of the couch between two gentlemen—I got a policeman and gave her in charge—while I was gone after a policeman up the street, she had got off the coach as she saw me, and I charged the coachman not to let her go—I found her in the coach-office when I came back—I asked her what she had done with her mistress's bonnet—she said she knew nothing of it—I asked her how she came to be guilty of such an act—she said she did it purposely, for she should now go where she wanted to be sent—her boxes and all her clothes were gone from my house—she was on a Glouenter coach, booked for Oxford,





JOHN ROCHE
. I am a policeman. I went to the coach-office, and found the prisoner detained there—Mr. Topple charged her with robbing him—she said she did it for the purpose of leaving the country—I asked her if the had a box—she said she had—I asked her where it was—she said, "On the top of the coach"—I got it down, and took her in a hackney-coach to the station-house—I asked her for the keys—she produced these keys, which Mr. Topple claimed, and her own key was attached to it—she wanted to separate her own key from them—I unlocked her box, and found these articles in it—she put down her hand, and showed me 21s., and said that was the property of her master—the bank-notes were found on her person by a female searcher—I was not present—she acknowledged they were Mr. Topple's notes.





JOHN TEDMAN
. I am a police inspector. I was at the station-house—I have the five £10 notes, and one £5.

MR. TOPPLE
re-examined. These articles are my wife's, and the notes I have my own handwriting on them.




GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
