





1063. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     McWILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of June
, at St. Mary's, Woolchurchhaw, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jonathan 
                           Clark
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JONATHAN 
                  CLARK
               



            . On Wednesday, the 13th of June, I was opposite the Mansion-house


, a little before three o'clock; I perceived a crowd caused by the Queen paying a visit there - I immediately secured my pocket-book, and while I was doing that, I felt something at my other pocket; I turned round, and saw the prisoner hiding my handkerchief under her shawl; I took it from her.
Prisoner. It is false, I had the handkerchief in my hand; I picked it up before I came into the mob, and when I came into the mob, the gentleman said it was his - I gave it him, and he said no more; but about a quarter of an hour afterwards in Old Jewry, the gentleman came up with an officer, and gave me in custody. Witness. I followed her down Princes-street, and it occurred to me after I had taken it from her, that she might have taken a pocket-book from somebody, I immediately gave her in charge.
COURT. Q. Did she have it in her hand, and give it to you? A. Certainly, she did not; she was concealing it under her shawl - I took it from her; I felt a pressure at my pocket just before.
Prisoner. I had it in my possession five minutes before it was claimed. Witness. I had not missed it an instant; I had it safe immediately before - I had not left the Bank two minutes; she was tucking it under her shawl.
Prisoner. The mob was so great, I was obliged to turn back, and I got into Goldsmith's, at the bottom of Old Jewry. Witness. I let her go the length of Princes-street before I saw an officer - I kept her in sight all the time.
WILLIAM JEWELL EDWARDS. I am an officer, and produce the handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
