




1391. 




JOHN LYNCH
 was indicted

 for stealing on the 
30th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; the goods of 



James Lay, from his person; and that the had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES LAY
. On Saturday the 30th of April, I was in Gracechurch-street, about half-past eight o'clock—I was about crossing the road towards the Spread Eagle, when I felt a pull at my pocket—I immediately turned round and saw the prisoner putting my handkerchief into his pocket—I went up to him, took him by the collar, and demanded it—he said he had not taken it, and knew nothing about it.





SARAH LAY
. I was with my husband at the time, and saw the prisoner draw the handkerchief out of his pocket.

Prisoner. She said at the Mansion-house she did not see me at all.





HENRY FOWLER
. I was on the opposite side of the way, and saw the prisoner, and about six other suspicious characters—I saw the prisoner with his hand up, as I thought, going to strike the prosecutor—I rushed over and pushed him into the hatter's shop—I told the prosecutor to keep him there, and I got a policeman—the handkerchief was passed to his friend no doubt, he had sufficient opportunity to do it.

Prisoner. I did not hold up my hand at all. Witness. You did, and I said I would knock your teeth down your throat with my umbrella.





JAMES LAY

re-examined. I noticed two other persons, they passed close by the pocket-side in which he had the handkerchief, and I have no doubt they took it from him—I saw it in his possession—he walked from me and put it into the other side-pocket.





JAMES STOCKFORD
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial, in the September session, 1834—he is the man mentioned in the certificate (read.)

Prisoner's Defence. I am not the person, there are many other people of my name. Witness. I am certain of him—I was a witness in the case.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
