





Before Mr. Baron Bolland.
11. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     NOON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, at St. Martin-in-the-Fields, one £100 and 1 £5 bank note, the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Pearce
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOSEPH PEARCE. I am a boot-maker
, and live in New-street, in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields


; I rent the house; the prisoner lived servant
 with me for six months, previous to the 15th of October; I drew £500 out of the bankers about the 4th; I received two £100, one £200, a £50, a £20, a £10, and four £5 notes; they were all Bank of England notes - I put the notes into a small box, which I produce; and placed that in a recess, in the partition, which parts my cellars, where nobody could see it - I saw it there on the 7th of October; I looked into it, and counted the notes, and so did my wife, and saw they were all safe - my family consists of myself, my wife, three young children at home, two shopmen, who lived in the house, and the prisoner - the cellar goes out of the kitchen, down a few steps; it is near the kitchen; it was not locked; any of the persons in the house could go into the cellar, but had no business in the part where the box was; they must get over the coals to get at it, but they could get to the place - I did not see the box from the 7th till the 17th of October, when I had occasion to put more money to it - I went to it about six o'clock in the evening, and took it out, and gave it to my wife, who was with me; she counted the money in my presence; it was wrapt up in a littlebag as I had left it - but a £100 and a £5 note were gone - the prisoner had left the service two days before this - the £100 note was No. 711, dated 12th December, 1832, and the £5 note No. 28050, dated August 14th, 1833- my wife took the numbers the moment the notes came into the house; she put them down as I read over the numbers; and I wrote my name and initials under the £100, at the bottom of the note, but it is torn off - I had marked the £5 note in the same place, and in the same way - the rest of the notes were safe in the box - the moment I missed them, I went in pursuit of the prisoner, to a lodging-house, which she had come from, to our house; I remained there until about twelve o'clock at night; she did not come there - I found her in custody; when I came home she was at the station-house; I saw her next morning, at Bow-street; she was taken before a magistrate, and remanded - I believe what she said was taken down in writing - I offered a reward for taking a woman which she had named, but I have not found her - I have seen the £100 note - I saw it next day, at Bow-street; the bank clerk, (Mr. Dyer,) produced it - I have not seen the £5 note - I stopped payment of it.


                  MARTHA 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am the wife of Joseph Pearce. I saw all the notes safe on the 7th of October; my husband received them from Ransom's Bank, Pall Mall - he sometimes puts his money to one bankers, and sometimes to another.
JOSEPH PEARCE. I don't keep a banker myself - my wife received the £100 that was stolen; I received most of the others.


                  MARTHA 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I received the £100 note from Ransom's - I saw the box again on the 17th of October; my husband and I went to the cellar and took the box down and took it into the sitting-room, and then opened it and missed the £100 note, and the £5 note - the prisoner had lived nearly six months with me, and left on the 15th of Ocotber - my husband went out to look for her on the 17th. and while he was gone the prisoner came to our house for a band-box, about six o'clock, in the evening; or soon after, she came into the shop; I saw her, and charged her with robbing us of a £100, and a £5 note - she laughed at me, and said, "Indeed, I have not taken it" - I sent out for a policeman and had her taken to Bow-street station-house - the cellar was not locked, as she had access to it to draw water -(looking at a small book) this is my writing; here is an entry of the £100 note, being No. 711, dated the 12th of December, 1832 - I am sure that is a correct description of the note I received from Ransom's, and which was safe in the box on the 7th - I saw that note on the 18th at the Bank; I have not seen the £5 note.
GEORGE DYER. I am a clerk in the accountant's office at the Bank of England. I produce a £100 note, No. 711, dated the 12th of December, 1832; it was paid into the Bank on the 11th of October, from Smith, Payne and Co., among other notes amounting to £1795 - this is in my hand-writing; the note was cancelled after it came into the Bank; it was perfect before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am in the employ of Halling, Pearce, and Stone, at Waterloo-house, Cockspur-street; I saw the prisoner there on the 10th or 11th of October; she came there as a customer; she bought some goods; I served her, they came to about 3l. - she gave me a £100 note; I inquired where she lived, and her name - she told me, "Mary Johnson, No. 12, Charles-street, Westminster" - (looking at the £100 note) this is the note; I have written on it "M. Johnson, 12, Charles-street, Westminster" - I have not the least doubt of this being the note she gave me - Smith, Payne and Co. are our bankers - I don't know what became of the note; I paid it to our cashier.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a policeman. I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner on the 17th of October - I took her to the station-house; I searched her, and found on her a bunch of keys, three pawnbroker's duplicates, one silver tea-spoon, a knife, and a snuff-box - I asked her if she knew anything of the note; she denied all knowledge of it - she told me she lived at No. 84, Wells-street, Oxford-street; I went and found she did not live there - I afterwards went to No. 54, Well-street,(I am sure she told me No. 84) - I went up-stairs to the attic and found this box - it was not locked; it contained some loose ribbons, and flannel, and linen - I tried the keys I found on her to the box, and one fits the lock; it was a very common lock - I shewed her the box on the Friday at Bow-street, and asked if it was her box; she said it was - the property in it was not claimed; she said nothing about it.
MARTHA PEARCE. While the prisoner was in our service she had not that box.
WILLIAM CLARK. I cannot identify these articles as having been sold to her; I sold her some linen, and there is some here - I had not seen her before that I am aware of - I am sure she is the woman who paid me the note - I saw her again on the 18th.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not take the money - I never saw the box Mr. Pearce described - I never saw any money in the house.



               GUILTY
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
