





2182. 




WILLIAM MULLINS,



 THOMAS BOSTOCK
, and 




WILLIAM STUBBS, alias

PETO


, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of August, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 sovereign, and 8 half-sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



Mary Roberts, from her person; and that William Stubbs had been before convicted of felony.;


MR. PRENDEROAST
conducted the Prosecution.





MARY ROBERTS
/. I am a widow, and live in Leonard-street, Shoreditch. On Sunday evening, the 26th of August, I was coming from chapel across Smithfield—I went by Charter-house-square and Long-lane—my cousin Pate and Mary Hartly were with me—at the corner of Charter-house-square, about nine o'clock, I stopped to bid Hartly good night—while I was doing that I saw Stubbs walking about—we noticed him, and thought it was for no good purpose—we did not see any person with him then—I proceeded to walk on—Pate was still with me—when I got to the corner of Beech-lane, I found the prisoner Mullins' hand in my pocket—I am sure of hit person—I turned round—Mullins was nearest to me, and I saw the two other prisoners, and two others with them—I turned and asked what they meant—I did not make any alarm, because I wanted to be sure whether I had lost my purse or not—I found it was gone—it contained one sovereign and eight half-sovereigns—I did not see either of them do any thing—I only saw Mullins muzzling my purse up in his hand, as he drew I to hand from my pocket—they did not walk away very fast, but gradually—Mullins and Bostock went down Beech-lane, and Stubbs and the others walked along the street down to Finsbury-square—they crossed the way—the policeman came up, and my cousin gave him information—I have not the least doubt of these persons being the men—there were some persons followed us on the Sunday evening before, but as I did not lose any thing then, I did not particularly notice them—they had just the same appearance as these young men—they were like them—I did not speak to any one of them particularly—I did not look particularly to know them—I did not see any more of the prisoners after I was robbed till the next day, Monday, when I was fetched to the station-house, and I said that all three of them were the same persons as I had seen in Chiswell-street on the Sunday—I am positive they are the same persons—I noticed my purse in my pocket about seven o'clock in the evening, when I put my hand into my pocket—I did not take it out.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE/. Q. What chapel were' you at? A. Woodbridge chapel, Clerkenwell—I am quite sure I had my purse while I was in chapel—I was attacked by five young men on the same spot the

Sunday night before—I did not look so minutely at them to say whether one was very much like Mullins—I cannot swear to any of the men on that occasion—one might be like Mullins—before I went before the Magistrate I he lived that one of the five persons whom I had been attacked by on the Sunday night before was Mullins—I said before my evidence was taken down, that these three men were three of the five that attacked me the Sunday night before by their appearance—I always said to the last that one of them was very like Mullins—I did not say Mullins was one—I said that he was very much like one—he showed to my satisfaction that he could not have been one of the persons there the Sunday night before.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES/. Q. You are sure it was about nine o'clock? A. Yes, because we leave chapel about a quarter before nine o'clock, and it took me that time to walk there—I do not know that I heard the clock strike, but I go to chapel so often that I know what time they leave—I can distinctly say it was within a quarter of an hour either way—I have no other guide to the time but by the time the chapel ends—there were very few persons at the corner of Beech-street—I do not remember seeing any one—we made the remark how singular it was there was not any one about—I was a good deal frightened—Bostock and Mullins went down Beech-lane together very slowly—I took the more notice of Mullins, as he was the one that robbed me—I took sufficient notice of Bostock to know him again—he was in my view nearly two minutes—I can positively swear it was as long as one minute—I saw him again about one o'clock the next day—I did not say at the station-house that I could not swear to him—I could swear to the three—I never at the station-house expressed any doubt about Bostock—I said I believed that was the man that robbed me, pointing to Mullins—they sent us off to Worship-street, and brought the prisoners directly—I was examined before the Magistrate—I believe what I said was taken down in writing—I signed a paper—I first said they were the three at the station-house—I did not say I could swear to them, but in my own mind I was sure of them—I did not speak to any of the three at the station-house, except Mullins—I did not talk to the policeman at the station-house—they took us to a place to sign our names, and we went off—they did not tell us they had got the three men who had robbed me—they said they bad got three men.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What was it you said when you saw the man? A. I pointed to Mullins, and said, "That is the one that robbed me"—and they said, "That is the one we found the money on; come in, Mr. Roberts, and sign your name."

Stubbs. At Worship-street she swore more than half-a-dozen times that we were the persons who attacked her the Sunday night before, and Mullins proved an alibi—she then said she believed we were the persons—it was dark that night. Witness. It was not dark, there was a gas-light over the spot where I was robbed—Stubbs was round about us long enough for to me know him again.





KEZIA PATE
. I was in company with the prosecutrix on tow Sunday night. About nine o'clock I was coming from chapel, down Character-house-street—I saw Stubbs walking backwards and forwards, about one yard distance from us—I took particular notice of him—I was frightened, and therefore I looked at the person—after this, I and my cousin walked towards Beech-street—at the corner of Beech-lane she felt Mullin's hand

in her pocket—she said she was afraid that her pocket was picked—at that time I saw the three prisoners near her, and two not in custody—they were close round, as near as they could be—I turned round and found them behind us—I am sure they are the same men—when she found that her pocket was picked, I turned and looked after the prisoners—two went up Beech-lane, and two towards Finsbury-square—in the middle of the day on Monday, I went to the station-house, and saw these three prisoner—I knew they were the persons that I saw on the Sunday night—I had no doubt that they were the persons—on the Sunday evening before, I and my cousin were walking down the same street—we were molested by five and I firmly believe that Stubbs and Bostock were two of them—but my cousin not losing any thing, I did not take particular notice of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you, when you first went to the office, believe that Mullins was one? A. Yes, I did, by his dress-but from what took place there I was satisfied he was not.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Was it by their dress that you knew them? A. No, I looked at their faces—the night my cousin was robbed I looked a great deal at them—it was rather dark—the gas-light was over our heads.

Stubbs. Q. What sort of clothes had I on the Sunday before? A. Not the same coat—you had a tail-coat on, and not a surtout.





BENJAMIN BAKER
 (police-constable G 43.) On this Sunday night I received information about a robbery in Beech-street—I had seen Mullins standing in Beech-street, with three or four more, about a quarter of an hour before.





JAMES MURRELL
. I am constable of Cripplegate. When I came on duty, at seven o'clock that evening, I saw the three prisoners, in the lower part of Golden-lane, near Beech-street—about eight o'clock I saw Mullins and Stubbs in the upper part of Beech-street—I know them well.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When were you first before the Magistrate? A. On the second examination—that might be the next day, or the second day after the first examination.





HENRY TATE
 (police-constable G 133.) On Sunday night, the 26th of August, I was on duty in Whitecross-street, and about eleven o'clock I saw Mullins and Bostock, with another not in custody—Whitecross-Street runs into Beech-street—about four o'clock on the Monday morning I was with the policeman No. 167, who picked up a purse at the bottom of Whitecross-street, going to Beech-street—a person going from Beech-street to where I saw this, would pass this spot—on the same day I was along with two other officers coming up Golden-lane, and saw Stubbs and Bostock—Davis took hold of Stubbs and another not in custody, and I took Bostock—he had 8s., and a new hat which he had just bought.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) On that Monday, at a quarter More one o'clock, I went towards Smithfield, and saw Mullins—he ran away—I pursued and took him—I told him he was charged with robbing a lady in Beech-street of a purse containing five sovereigns—he said he was never near the place at all last night—I went to the corner of Bell-alley, in Golden-lane—I there saw the other two prisoners, and two more—I seized Bostock, holding Mullins in my other hand—Mullins said, "Shall we go? d——my eyes; it will be all up with us"—I was immediately surrounded by several, and knocked down—in consequence of this Tate took Bostock from me—I proceeded through Playhouse-yard—in

going by a marine-store shop, where some knives and forks were exposed Mullins made a desperate effort to reach one of the knives or forks—I pre vented it—I had not proceeded much further before he got his hand to him pocket, and got something out—the officer Tate came to my assistance and seized his hand—we held his hand, and at the station-house I found is his hand two sovereigns, two half-crowns, and two shillings I searched his trowsers pocket, and found 8s. 61/2; d. more.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I believe the practice is to takes down the depositions at the second examination? A. Yes—there were more witnesses at the second than the first.





EVAN DAVIS
. I was. with the other officers. I saw Bostock, and another who was not identified—I was with Brannan when be took Mullins, and we took him along Barbican into Long-lane—after—that I saw Stubbs—I collared him and another—he made a scuffle, and the me down—he then put his hand into his pocket, and said he would run a knife into me—I let the other go, and got up and seized Stubbs—in going down Whitecross-street he tried to get a butcher's knife, and said be would run a b—knife into me.

Stubbs. Q. Did you find a knife on me? A. No.





RICHARD COLEMAN
. I am in the employ of Mr. Southby, of Beech-street, a hatter. On Monday, the 27th of August, Bostock came to own shop, and bought a hat, and after he had paid for that hat, with 9s. in silver, he had about 30s. in silver, and a sovereign in gold—Stubbs was with him—I saw Stubbs give Bostock a half-crown.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Had you ever seen them before A. I cannot say that I had.

MR. JONES
called






JOHN PETO
. I live at No. 1, Coleman-place, Banner-street, St. Lake's On Sunday night, the 26th of August, Bostock came to my house, about eight o'clock—it might be a few minutes before or after—I am sure it was before a quarter past eight o'clock—I remained at home the whole evening, and he remained in my house the whole night till eleven o'clock, and then went to bed.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What time did he come? A. About eight o'clock—I cannot say which way he came—I was in-doors—he came into the room even with the ground floor—he came to my house to sleep—he is my nephew—I am father to Stubbs, and uncle to Bostock—my son Stubbs was there all the evening—I do not know anybody that is like him—there is nobody about the neighbourhood that is like Bostock or Mollium—I do not make a mistake, and take anybody for my son—I know the neighbourhood well—I do not know the officer Murrell—I know several of the policemen—my nephew always lodges with me.

Bostock. All but the last fortnight, when I slept at my lather's. Witness. He always slept there when he liked to come—he never gave up his lodgeings—I brought him up from an infant—I never denied him—the house with that night, and for a week or two before—I do not know where he lodged before—my son had left me for some time—I cannot say where he was lodging—he was not lodging with me that night—I did not ask him—he left my house about eleven o'clock—Bostock did not quit the house with him—he went down stairs to bed—he slept in the cellar—I did not see him in bed—I saw him go down stairs just after eleven o'clock—he did not go down stairs and Stubbs quit at the same moment—Stubbs went first—can

of my boys sleeps with Bostock, and another young man named Conway—they are not here—Conway could not leave his employ, or he would have been in danger of losing his situation—my boy is not here—he is at his employment—he is seventeen years old—my other son and Conway were with us in the evening—there were seven of us—Bostock and my son came in together—I am sure of that.

COURT. Q. This was on the Sunday night? A. Yes; and on Monday they were taken up—I heard of it on Monday afternoon—the first examination was on the same afternoon—I attended—my wife did not attend—I heard all that passed—the prisoners told the Magistrates they could prove they were at home, they told me; and I appeared, and told the Magistrate my story—I am a frame-work knitter, and work for James Pershore, Bostock hawks brushes as he tells me—he lives with me—Stubbs worked in the brass foundry line—I cannot say how lately he worked, because he has not been with me—they both arrived about eight o'clock—we had a pot of beer together, I and my wife, two boys, the two prisoners, my daughter, and Conway—my boy went for the beer—his name is Edward—that was immediately after they came—we had some bacon and pork to eat—the pork was left at dinner—we all sat down and eat—that lasted till near nine o'clock—we had one more pot of beer—my wife was present both time—the same lad went for that—that was just about nine o'clock, when the policemen were relieving their men—after that we sat, and Stubbs read the newspaper out loud—I do not know what paper—it was about the trail of the man for using the cow ill—he read that aloud—my wife heard that—I do not know what the conversation was about the cow—we only talked about what a shocking thing it was—we were joking one another—my wife was in the room all the time—all eight of us—the small children went to bed, but none of these eight—Stubbs left first—Coleman-place is about two minutes walk from Beech-street—I sat at the top of the table that night—my wife sat next to me, and I believe Stubbs at the bottom—I think Bostock had the same coat on that he has now—I recollect the Sunday before that—they were all there then with me.

MR. JONES. Q. Are you poor or rich? A. Poor—my children work for their living—they could have come, but I was afraid of their losing there work—the prisoners were in the habit of coming to me as the nearest relative they had—they made the same defence at the police-office as they have to-day.

COURT. Q. Did you offer to bring your other children? A. I did not—when they said it was put off to another hearing I thought of taking that down there—when I took them down the next day, I waited there, thinking I should be called, and they did not call me—I thought my evidence most important—my daughter went to Godalming three weeks.

MR. JONES. Q. What portion of your family did you take to Worship-Street? A. My wife and son, and Isaac Conway, and one of my lodgers—they were there ready to be examined—they were not examined, because I was not called for, or I should have mentioned what witnesses I had got—the Magistrate knew I was there—I am not capable of reading—I do not know the name of the newspaper—I borrowed it from the public-house the time I sent for the porter.

COURT. Q. Your wife would see that? A. Yes.





ELIZABETH PETO
. I am wife of the last witness. I remember the

night of Sunday, the 26th of August, when this robbery was committed—I was at home that evening—Bostock and Stubbs came to my house about half-past seven, or a quarter before eight o'clock—I, and my husband, and the two boys were there, and the little children—I have a daughter—she went out at half-past eight o'clock, and came back about half-past nine o'clock, while we were at supper—I cannot exactly say when went to bed—it was between eleven and twelve o'clock—my son went to where he lives—Bostock staid in the house, and went to where he sleeps, down stairs—neither my son nor my nephew left the house from the time they came, till about eleven o'clock—I can take a safe oath that they were both in my house at nine o'clock—after they came we had two pots of been—nothing was brought with the beer—the little boy lost a penny when he went out for the beer at nine o'clock—we drank the two pots, and we had our suppers—my son William read the newspaper—I do not remember what paper it was, but the Sunday before was the paper that mentioned where the man cut the flesh off the bullock—I am in the habit of reading the paper on Sunday evening.

MR. PRENDERGAST/. Q. Bostock is your nephew? A. Yes—he had been constantly lodging in my house—he has not been Looking away a fortnight—he always sleeps there—he never did sleep away—not long together—he has left home sometimes, but not been away at night—he slept there every night—he has not slept away for many months before this—I cannot say for six months, or four, or two—he has been away at night, but not for two months—when I have offended him he has gone away—he has lived away for a week or two, but that he not been the case for a long time—I have a daughter—my nephew and daughter are not about marrying—they are on very good terms—they away friendly, but nothing further—he never offered to marry her—Conway was there that night—he had some supper when he came in, about half-past ten or eleven o'clock—it was near eleven o'clock—he came in before the others went away.





JOHN DONEGAN
 (police-sergeant H 14.) I produce a certificate of Stubbs's former conviction of felony, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner Stubbs is the person that was tried and convicted.

STUBBS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

MULLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.)

BOSTOCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.)




Trasported for Ten Years.

