




1873. 




WILLIAM GRIFFIN
 and 




GEORGE WATSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
8th of July, 7 1/2 yards of stair-carpet, value 8s., the goods of 



Simeon Brown.






EDMUND DAVIES
 (police-constable E 74.) On the 8th of July, about twelve o'clock at night, I saw the prisoners in Broad-street, St. Giles's, with two women—one of the women was carrying this carpet, wrapped up in an apron—Griffin took it of her, and then he handed it to Watson—I stopped Watson and one of the women—Griffin walked away—I asked Watson what he had got there—he said he did not know, but a man gave it him, to carry to the Saracen's-head, Aldgate—I asked him if Griffin was the man—he made no answer.

Cross-examined by
MR. MAGUIRE. Q. He walked leisurely; he did not resist? A. He walked; he did not run.





ROBERT CURTIS
. I was shopman to Mr. Simeon Brown; he lives in Holborn. I am certain this stair-carpet is his property—it was lost between nine and ten o'clock that evening—a man who is not present gave us the informataion.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there any mark on it? A. No; but I can recognize it by its being discoloured by being shown to persons.

COURT. Q. What was the quantity you lost? A. About the same as this—it had gone through my hands every morning for a month previous to its being stolen—there was a ticket on it; but that is gone.

Watson's Defence. I went into a public-house, and had some porter—I staid there till eleven o'clock—a gentleman asked me to carry that bundle to Whitechapel, and he gave me sixpence—as I came down to Museum-street, I met Griffin with the two females—we went back, and had two half-pints of rum—I was then going on, when the officer took me.

Griffin's Defence. I only came to England in January, and have been living on my pay—I met Watson in Holb orn. at the corner of Plumtree-street, and went back to have something to drink.
(William Dorkin, of the Green Man and Still, and—Jefferys, clerk at the Bull and Mouth inn, gave Griffin a good character.)

GRIFFIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

WATSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.




Transported for Seven Years.
