





532. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  CRACE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 4 brushes, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Leonard 
                  Dell
               




            .
LEONARD DELL. I keep a shop
 in St. Martin's-street


. On the 9th of February the prisoner was brought back to my shop by the Police-officer; he asked if I had lost any brushes - I said I did not know; but I looked, and missed these brushes from my shop.
DENNIS HERON. I was in St. Martin's-street, between six and seven o'clock that evening, and saw the prisoner and another pass the shop - the prisoner stepped in, took a bundle of brushes, and gave them to the other man - I went to follow the other man, and the prisoner ran after me, to prevent my following him; he ran after Pimro, struck him, and the other man got away.
Prisoner. Q. What part of the shop did I take them from? A. From the left-hand side of the shop - I was about half way between Mr. Dell's shop and Leicester-square.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MATTHEW PIMRO
               



            . I was in St. Martin's-street, saw the prisoner step in, take the brushes, and give them to another - I was going after the other, and the prisoner came and hit me.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning home from Mr. Laing's, where I had been for work - I saw nothing of this till the officer came with these two boys, and took me; they said they lost the brushes on the Thursday, and it was Tuesday I was taken; they said they were taken from the door - I was walking quietly along; it is a very crowded neighbourhood.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MATTHEW PIMRO
               



            . I will swear that is the man who struck me - he was dressed as he is now.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
