



523. 




ANN LEDEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of January, 2 half-crowns, 7 shillings, 7 sixpences, and 1 fourpenny-piece, the monies of 




Samuel Alabaster, her master.






SAMUEL ALABASTER
. I live at No. 31, Widegate-street, Bishopsgate, and am a baker. The prisoner lived with me four weeks—I had missed money—the first was from my trowsers pocket—when I went to bed I marked some shillings, sixpences, half-crowns, and other money, and put it into my waistcoat pocket—I put my jacket on the balustrade—I missed some money on the 4th and 5th, and on the 5th I sent for the policeman, and he searched her—I asked her what she brought from Ireland—she said 1l—I said, "Will you show me?" and she took me up stairs to her bed-room—we searched for a quarter of an hour, and looked about some time, and then she took me into another bed-room—she then seemed at a loss—then the policeman took us into her bed-room, and pulled the bed from the wall, and it fell down—this is it—(looking at it)—It is all marked—I can swear to it—these two sixpences had been marked the day she was takes, and there was a half-sovereign as well, but that we did not find—she slept in the adjoining bed-room to me.





FREDERICK KIRBY DARLINGTON
. I am a policeman. On Friday, the 5th, I was sent for—the prosecutor accused the girl of robbing him—I asked him what he had lost—he said, "Shillings and halfpence, sixpences and half-crowns"—I found this money, but I asked her first what was brought from Ireland—she said "About 1l." and then we went up stairs and searched all about—I could find nothing, and then she said he had better go into Mrs. Alabaster's room, and look into a drawer—I went there, but found nothing—I then went back to her room, and removed the bedstead

from the wall, and this pocket fell down—I asked if it was hers—she said "Yes"—I asked what it contained—she said "About 1l."—that pocket contained the whole now produced, all but two sixpences, which I found afterwards.

Prisoner's Defence. I had about 6l., and was in that place about a month—when I was there a week he asked me if I wanted my wages—I said no—he then said he suspected me—he used to go to my bed to lie down in the afternoon, and he must have put this into my pocket, and marked it—when he brought the policeman I said I had 6l.—they thought I said 1l.—he wanted to take liberties with me, but I would not let him, and he said he would serve me out in this manner.





SAMUEL ALEXANDER

re-examined. I am married, and my wife lives at home with me—I never took liberties with the prisoner—one of my young ones slept with her, who is about five years old—when I lie down, it is of an afternoon, on her bed if my own bed is made—I pass through her sleeping room to go to my room.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years. (There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
