





799. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, an order for the payment of 10l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Granville George 
                           Waldegrave
                        




                     
                  , Lord
 Radstock, his master
            , against the Statute, &c.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the Prosecution.


                  LORD 
                  RADSTOCK
               



            . My names are 
               
                  Granville 
                  George Waldegrave
               



             - I am a peer of Ireland - the prisoner was in my service about six months - I discharged him on the 22d of March.
LADY RADSTOCK. I received an order for the payment of 10l. from my mother on the 15th of March - I put it in my bag in a little purse - I did not make any use of it - I missed it on the 2d of April, and then mentioned it to his Lordship.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe the prisoner was discharged on the 22d of March, and you did not miss this till the 2d of April? A. Yes.


                  LORD 
                  RADSTOCK
               



            . Having received information of the loss of this cheque, I went the next day to Puget and Bainbridge, where it was payable, to stop the payment of it - they told me it had been paid on the 29th of March; and Mr. Minshull described the person who received it so accurately in person, dress, and voice, that I had no doubt it was the prisoner, and I took measures to have him apprehended.
Cross-examined. Q. Had he been any length of time in your service? A. He came to me in the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Robinson
               



            , on the 9th of September - I believe he had been in Lord Londonderry's service - I have a person named Hindmarsh in my service as housekeeper - I did not send any message to the prisoner by her, nor to any one else - I never heard of it - the prisoner stayed a fortnight in my family after his warning had expired, as I was disappointed in having a person I expected - I heard of his coming to my house after he was discharged, but I do not know it myself - he was my upper-footman and butler.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROWLAND MINSHULL
               



            . I am clerk to Puget and Bainbridge, of St. Paul's Church-yard - on the 22nd of March this cheque was presented by the prisoner - I paid him.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him before? A. I never saw him to my knowledge - he did not say where he came from.


                  CHARLES 
                  MAYNARD
               



             (police-constable D 124). I took the prisoner at his house, No. 44, Bryanston-street - I said,"Robinson, I want you" - he said, "My name is not Robinson, it is Grant."
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not explain that by saying he meant the name of another man who was going in was Grant? A. No.(The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had received the cheque from a person to get it changed - that he had left his lordship's service on the 22nd of March, and the cheque was not missed till the 2nd of April - as such he could not have stolen it - and that he had formerly restored a valuable diamond brooch which he had found.)
LADY RADSTOCK. He did find a brooch, but it was not a diamond brooch.



               GUILTY of stealing only
            . - Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
