






First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
2027. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WALKER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PRESTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Beachcroft
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BEACHCROFT
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live at Queenhithe. On the 7th of October, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day, I was in Cheapside


, and missed my handkerchief, which was safe in my pocket a few minutes before - there was a crowd collected on the north side of Cheapside, in consequence of an accident, with a horse; I was on that side - the crowd interrupted my passage, and on getting out of it I missed my handkerchief - I saw it again at Guildhall on the 10th; the prisoners were at the bar - it had my initials on it - I attended there in consequence of an advertisement.
Walker. Q.When you lost your handkerchief did the witness come and ask you about it? A.Certainly not.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOLE
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Goswell-street. On the 7th of October I was in Cheapside - a crowd collected round a horse; Mr. Beachcroft came past on the pavement, between Honey-lane market and Milk-street -I saw the prisoners go round the crowd and try several people's pockets; Mr. Beachcroft came by - they followed him; one of them took the handkerchief out of his pocket, and gave it to Preston - I am quite certain of them both; Preston put it under his coat - Walker went back and Preston turned round the crowd; I sent Day, who was with me, to tell Mr. Beachcroft he had lost his handkerchief - I immediately took hold of Preston, and took the handkerchief from under his coat; I asked, what he took it for - he said, "It is my own, I bought it;" I told him I had seen it taken from a gentleman's pocket, and given to him - he became very obstreperous, tried to get away, and said he would not go; Day returned, and I got him to the corner of King-street - he there struck me on the mouth, put his feet behind me, and tripped me up; I still held him, and he was secured - nobody would assist me, in fact, they tried to get him from me, but I got him to Guildhall - I came back, and in King-street saw Walker; I said he wasthe other man, and must go as well - he said he did not knew what I meant, and would not go, but at last he went with me; the handkerchief was advertised, and on the Monday the prosecutor claimed it - I could not give him information of it, as he went on.


                  PEDDER 
                  DAY
               



            . I am porter to a carrier. I was with Toole; a mob had gathered - the prisoners were following several gentlemen, walking up and down; at last Mr. Beachcroft passed - they followed him up; I saw Walker put his hand into Mr. Beachcroft's pocket, take the handkerchief out, put it behind him, and give it to Preston -Toole told me to inform the gentleman; I went through the mob and spoke to one gentleman, but could not find the prosecutor.
Walker. You said at Guildhall that you went after the gentleman, and he said he had lost a handkerchief, but would not take further trouble about it, Witness. I spoke to a gentleman who had lost one, but that was not the prosecutor.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Preston's Defence. There was a great crowd - Toole came, laid hold of me, and said I had stolen a handkerchief; I said, "Why have you not laid hold of the gentleman as well as me? I am willing to go back to the gentleman" - he said I must go with him; I asked for his authority - he said he should not show it; he tore my shirt, and threw me down.
WALKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
PRESTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
