





378. 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     BOULTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, 1 shirt, value 4s.; 1 necklace, value 3s.; 1 petticoat, value 18d., and 6 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Farthings
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FARTHINGS
               



            . I am a labourer in the London-docks
 - I lodge at Mr. Elwick's, in Fox-lane, Shadwell


. The prisoner lived servant
 with me for about eleven weeks; she was to look after my children, as my wife has been dead three years - on the 15th of December I came home, and found her in bed tipsy, in my sister's room, where she slept; on the following morning she went away, and that night, when I came home, I missed, from a box in my room, six sovereigns, in a tobacco-box, my wife's wedding-ring, a child's coral necklace, a coral, a flannel petticoat, and a shirt - I had seen them all safe in the box on Thursday night.


                  SARAH 
                  ELWICK
               



            . I am the wife of William Elwick - we live in Fox-lane; the prosecutor lodged in our house. On the Friday morning I told the prisoner she should not remain in the house beyond the Friday following; she went away shortly after I spoke to her, and I heard the prosecutor complain that these things were missing - the prisoner occupied the prosecutor's room where the box was, but slept in my room.


                  GEORGE 
                  LOBIMER
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner on the 21st of December, in Ratcliff; she was very much intoxicated, and gave herself up - she told me she had robbed a man of six sovereigns - I said, "What man?" she said, "Farthings, in Fox-lane;" I asked what she had done with the money - she said she had spent it, and thrown the box away; in going to the watch-house she gave me two duplicates of this necklace and petticoat.
Prisoner. I did not give them to him, they were taken from me at the station. Witness. She gave me two, and four more were found on her.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HAWES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Brook-street, Ratcliff. I have three rows of coral beads and a shirt; I believe the prisoner pawned the shirt - these are the duplicates given, and these are the counterparts.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
