





1447. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  PERRY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, 1 coat, value 5s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 7s.; 1 hat, value 5s.; 2 aprons, value 6d.; 2 pairs of half-boots, value 1s.; 1 box, value 2d.; 1 handkerchief, value 3d.; 6 shoes, value 6d.; 2 shillings; 3 sixpences; and 6 1/2d., in copper monies
            ; the goods and monies of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Wilkinson
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I am the wife of Charles Wilkinson; I sell things in the street. I have known the prisoner about a fortnight - I employed her to clean my room and wash my children - she did not live in the house - on Sunday afternoon, I was cleaning myself, and missed my husband's trowsers and hat; and in the morning, I missed his coat off my bed - she had left the place at a quarter past nine o'clock at night, and wished me good night - she said she would come soon in the morning - my pocket was taken from under my head while we were in bed, at one o'clock in the morning.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RENSHAW
               



            . I live with Mrs. Wilkinson. I was taken ill at one o'clock in the morning, and came down stairs - I found the street door open, and about three yards from the door sat the prisoner, with the coat on her back, and the bonnet on her head - she had left the house - I said,"You have got Mr. Wilkinson's coat on" - she said Mr. Wilkinson had given her it to put on - I called the prosecutrix - the policeman came - there was no light in the room - the prosecutrix's husband is a milkman, and goes out at two o'clock in the morning - I found several of the prosecutor's things thrown upon the stairs, towards my room - the prosecutrix being called, missed the pocket from her bed.


                  JAMES 
                  CLAPSON
               



            . I am a policeman. I was sent for, and found the prisoner in custody - I found the shoes tied up in an apron - she had taken them out of her pocket - I found 4s. 0 1/2d. on her person.
SARAH WILKINSON re-examined. I lost 2s. 2 1/2d. from my pocket, and my husband lost 1s. 9 1/2d. from his pocket - this is my husband's tobacco box - the coat and all the property are ours - my husband had nothing to put on when he got up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
