





1893. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of September
, 3 pairs of boots, value 50s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Palmer
                  




               
            .
CHARLES PALMER. I am a clerk in the Common Pleas office
, Temple, and live in Norfolk-place, Shacklewell


. - When I came home my servant told me these boots were gone; I had seen them safe in the morning of the 22nd ofSeptember - one pair had been behind the chamber door, one pair in the kitchen, and one pair in my brother's room- I have never seen them since.


                  MARY 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I live with Mr. Low, in Londonfields; before that I lived with Mr. Palmer. The prisoner came to his house one Wednesday, about three weeks ago - he said Mr. Palmer had called upon him, and sent him for the boots - I let him have them, and he took them away; I had never seen him before - he wanted to stay till Mrs. Palmer came in, but I said he had better not, and I did not open the gate.


                  JOHN 
                  GROUT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Rayner, a butcher. I was at Mr. Palmer's with some meat one day in September; I saw the prisoner at the gate with the servant - he had some boots tied up in a bundle, and took them away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAMBERS
               



            . I took the prisoner at Kingsland; I do not remember the day - Grout told me he was the man who got the boots of the servant.
Prisoner's Defence. I was out of work for a day or two - I met a young man; he asked me to go and sleep with him - in the morning he said, "If you cannot get work I will tell you how to get some - go to Mr. Rayner's, and the lad will tell you where Mr. Palmer lives - go there and ask for three pairs of boots, but (says he) the butcher must go first, and see if Mr. Palmer is at home;" he went, and said he was not - the young man went, got them, and gave the butcher 1s. for telling him.


                  JOHN 
                  GROUT
               



            . That is not true - he was at the house before I went there, and began telling me about a dog.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
