





1926. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     REEVES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of August
, 1 gown, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Dyner
                  




               
            .



                  EMMA 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Dyner
               



            , of Great-Earl-street


. I was in his shop on the 18th of August, in the afternoon; he sells ready-made clothes - the prisoner came in with another woman - they asked for two aprons; they tied them on; I said the price was sixpence each; they said they were going for some money, and wished me to trust them till they returned - I refused; they took them off, and returned them; this gown laid on a table, about a yard from the counter: they left the shop; the other woman took the gown and gave it to the prisoner, saying, "Take this, we will have something;" the prisoner walked out with it; they had not asked the price; I did not leave the shop, as there was nobody there - Mr. Dyner came in in about half an hour; I described them to him; he went to the top of the street - I saw the other woman in custody that afternoon, and the prisoner was taken next day - the other woman was discharged, and the prisoner would not have been committed, but she put up her fist, and cut my mouth open.
Prisoner. Q. Did not a woman come to the door, and give you half a crown for a gown? A. Yes - that was a gown outside the door; the other woman stopped behind, and abused me in the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NORMAN
               



            . I was a Policeman. I heard of this on the 19th of August, and took the prisoner that day in Seven-dials; I told her it was for stealing a gown - she said, "The gown be d-d, it was ginned," and she scratched my face very violently - when before the Magistrate she knocked Brooks down.
Prisoner's Defence. This girl lived with my sister four years ago, and robbed her; I met her one day, and gave her in charge: on the day in question she called me in, and asked me to buy an apron - we had some words, and I left; it is an old spite which she has against me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
