



1939. 




THOMAS PRESTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of November, 1 coat, value 1l.; 2 tablecloths, value 8s.; 1 cloak, value 3l.; 6 spoons, value 18s.; and 1 cravat, value 4s.; the goods of 



John Watts, his master.






ELIZABETH WATTS
. I am the wife of John Watts, who is independent. The prisoner was in my service—he came about the latter end of October, and left on the 3rd of November, without giving notice—these things were missed when he went away; I went down into the kitchen to where he should have been, and he was gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not tell the prisoner you had nothing more for him to do? A. No, I did not—I did not pay him 1s. 9d., the residue of his wages, when he left—I was to give him 2s. a week, and to clothe and board him—he was not a week with me—I did not pay him—I believe he asked me for 1s.—I believe I paid him 1s.—I will swear it was not 1s. 9d.—I had a young man of the name of Lintot taken up, in consequence of the prisoner taking this property out of the house.

COURT. Q. The amount of what you lost was 5l. 8s.? A. That is what we found, but we lost a great deal more.





BRIDGET WELCH
. I was housemaid to Mr. Watts at that time. On the 3rd of November the prisoner was their servant—I saw him come into the kitchen, and wash up some tea-spoons—he asked me where he should put them—I told him into the drawer—I then went up stairs, and was very busy—when I came down the prisoner was gone—I looked into the drawer, and the spoons were gone.





WILLIAM CHARLES GREYGOOSE
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Basset, a pawnbroker, in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields. I have two tablecloths—I cannot say by whom they were pawned—I did not take them in—I wrote the ticket—I am sure the prisoner is not the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see a chap of the name of Lintot who was taken? A. I did not see him—I am sure the prisoner is not the person.





HENRY LONG
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker—I produce a coat—I cannot say who pawned it—I did not live there when it was pawned—the person who took it is not living there now.






THOMAS SOPER
 (police-sergeant F 6.) I had been looking for the pri soner ever since the 3rd of November—I met withhim on the 26th of July, in Long Acre, and asked him if his name was not Preston—he said, "No, Johnson"—I said, "Did you not live with Mr. Watts, of No. 4, Arundel-street, Strand?"—he said, "No, never"—I said, "I think you did"—he then said he had—I then asked him about a coat and other things—he said, "I know what you mean about the coat, but I know nothing of the robbery."

Cross-examined. Q. You were before the Magistrate? A. Yes—what I said was taken down, and I signed it—I have told the same story to-day as I told before the Magistrate, except that the ticket of the coat was given me by the prisoner's mother—I am certain of that—I told the Magistrate, that after denying he lived there, he acknowledged it, and I believe it was taken down—he denied that he lived there, till he got to the station-house—I told the clerk that—I cannot tell whether it was read over to me.

MRS. WATTS. This coat is the property of a gentleman-lodger—it was in our house—these table-cloths are mine—the residue of the property is lost entirely—I missed it about half an hour after the prisoner had left.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What was the name of the lodger? A. Mr. John Woodward—he was living in the house at the time.





THOMAS SOPER
. I took up Lintot—he was employed in disposing of the property.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
