





1506. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BURKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, 1 necklace, value 5s.; the goods of 
                     
                        

                                       Thomas 
                                       Habgood
                                    



                                 
                              , from the person of Emma
                        



                     
                  , his infant
 daughter; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ANN 
                  HABGOOD
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Habgood. On the 19th of September, I was walking with my infant child, Emma - the prisoner tore the necklace off her neck - I turned my head, and saw him putting his hand to her neck - I caught hold of his coat, and called to some people to take him - he gave the necklace to another man, who walked away - the prisoner put up his hand as if to strike me, but a young man came up and took him.


                  GEORGE 
                  SLATER
               



            . I was in Brick-lane


, about three o'clock, that day - I saw the last witness and the prisoner - he ran down Phoenix-street, from the prosecutrix, and went into the Three Neats' Tongues - I gave information, and he was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  EASTERBROOK
               



             (police-serjeant N 7). I saw the prisoner running up from Great Pearl-street, and the last witness running after him - I went another way, and found him at the Three Neats' Tongues door.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN CONNOLLY
               



             (police-constable H 135). I produce the certificate of the conviction of the prisoner by the name of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Vendome
               



             - the prisoner is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to my employer's for my money - there were some people standing at this place, as a cart of grains had fallen down - I was standing there, and this woman turned and said, "You have taken my child's heads" - I said, "Me, my good woman!" - she said, "If it was not you, it was the other young man" - I said, "If it is him, why don't you call after him?" - I then ran, and called"Stop thief!" - I was afterwards taken in the Three Neats' Tongues.


                  ANN 
                  HABGOOD
               



            . I am certain he took them - he pinched the child's neck to get them off - I had hold of him all the time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
