





134. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     FOSTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, 8 half-crowns, and 4 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Cordery
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JAMES CORDERY. I am a bricklayer
, and live in George-street, Battle-bridge. On Saturday, the 4th of December, about eleven o'clock at night, I was at Jones' wine-vaults, at the corner of Plumtree-street; the prisoner, who was a stranger, came in, and asked me to treat her - I and two or three more were together; we gave her a glass of gin - I was sober: I had not been drinking - I went with her to a room on the first floor in George-street, St. Giles'


- she said it was her own room; she took a light into the room - I had not been there ten minutes before I missed my money; I felt her hand in my breeches pocket, but the money was in my jacket pocket; I did not feel her take it - I did not take my jacket off: I was on the bed with her, and gave her 9d. and 6d. - I had eight half-crowns and about 28s. altogether, and am quite sure it was safe when I entered the room; I told her she had robbed me - she made no answer; I told her to give me my money again, or I would call the Police - she would not; she got from the bed, ran to the window, and opened it, as if going to throw something out - I called the Policeman, and pulled her back from the window; I held her till he came up stairs - he ordered me out of the room directly; I went out, till the Policeman brought her out, part of my money was found on her - I can swear to one half-crown, it being marked.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PORTEOUS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was fetched to the house; I sent the prosecutor out of the room and then asked the prisoner how much she had about her - she gave me 9d. and 1s.; I asked if she had any moremoney about her - she said not; I searched, and in her breast found three half-crowns and six shillings.


                  JAMES 
                  CORDERY
               



            . I swear to this half-crown.
Prisoner's Defence. He asked me to walk down George-street with him; he gave me 9d. and the half-crown was between the penny-pieces; because I would not let him do as he choose, he jumped up, and said I had robbed him - I had 6s. in my bosom before I met him.


                  JAMES 
                  CORDERY
               



            . I gave her no halfpence at all; it was the woman of the house who gave her the 9d., being the change out of the shilling.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
