



280. 




MARGARET MORAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of December, at 
St. Pancras, 1 watch, value 4l. 10s.; 3 rings, value 10l.; 1 bracelet, value 7l.;2 brooches, value 4l.; and 1 bowl, value 2l. 10s.; the goods of 



John Shepherd, her master, in his dwelling-house.






JOHN SHEPHERD
. I live at No. 34, Mornington-place, Hampstead-road, St. Pancras, and am a jeweller. I took the prisoner out of St. Giles's workhouse to assist my other servants—she was about a month with me—I believe Mrs. Shepherd intended to take her as an apprentice—she came on liking—she absconded on Wednesday, the 10th of December, and in about twenty minutes after she was gone, I missed a watch, worth 4l. 10s.; three rings, worth 10l.; a bracelet, worth 7l.;2 brooches worth 4l.; and one bowl, worth 2l. 10s.; the total value would be 28l.—I immediately told the policeman, and she was taken into custody on Friday

evening—I have recovered three rings and the watch—I have lost about 14l. worth entirely.





DANIEL GARDINER
. I am shopman to Mr. Smedley, a pawnbroker, of Somer's-town. I have two rings, which the prisoner offered to pawn on Friday, about half-past two o'clock—I stopped her with them.





WILLIAM SPENCER
. I am shopman to Mr. Cassiday, a pawnbroker, living in Warren-place, Camden-town. I have a gold watch and ring—the ring was pawned on Wednesday morning, the 10th of December, and the watch in the afternoon between four and five o'clock, by the prisoner—I asked who she brought it from; she said her aunt—I asked her to send her aunt, but the aunt never came—I kept the watch, and could not find out the place she gave as her direction—I lent her no money on it—I did not take in the first pledge.





EDWARD LAMBERT
. About half-past two o'clock on Friday, Gardiner, the pawnbroker, brought the prisoner to the watch-house, saying she had offered to pawn some shoes, which he had stopped; and that she had offered two rings before—I found out her master, but found no property on her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner. It is the first time—I hope you will forgive me.
(—Pusey, the prisoner's aunt, and Thomas Moran, her brother, deposed to her previous good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 12.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury,

on account of her youth.—


Transported for Life.
