





578. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  KELLY, alias 
George Thompson





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
, 66 yards and a half of linen cloth, value 2l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mark 
                  Capper
               




             and another.


                  JOHN 
                  DARTER
               



            . I am an officer of Bread-street. Between six and seven o'clock on the evening of the 21st of February, I saw the prisoner in Friday-street


 in company with four men, who were standing close along with him - I saw a cart there - the prisoner went to the cart, put his foot on the wheel, and lifted this parcel from the top of the cart - he went away with it - I stopped him, and in the scuffle the parcel fell down - it was picked up and given to me on the spot.
Cross-examined by 
               MR. PHILLIPS
            . Q. Did not you say at one time that you did not see him drop it? A. Never: the man who drove the cart is not here - the cart stood still - I did not see any body at the horse's head - there was plenty of gas-light - the lamp might be three or four yards from me - I detained the prisoner - I am a chair manufacturer - I have been a witness once before in this Court, about a year and a half ago - I was not a witness in the other Court, nor at Clerkenwell - nobody said it was impossible he could get the parcel out of the cart in the way I stated.
MARK CAPPER. I live in Ironmonger-lane. I am a linen factor
 - I sent a cart into Friday-street on the day in question - it was to go through Bread-street - this parcel is the property of myself and 
               
                  Gabriel 
                  Manley
               



             - I had sent it out that day to be delivered to a customer.
Prisoner's Defence. The carman came to the station-house, and said the parcel was taken from a different place to what Darter spoke of.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
