




811. 




JAMES SAUNDERS
 and 




WILLIAM BALL
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
27th of February, 1 set of chaise-harness, value 6l., the goods of 



John Dottridge.






SAMUEL DOTTRIDGE
. My father's name is John, we live in Headly-place, Hoxton. On the 27th of February my father lost some harmess—on the 29th I was informed of the loss of it—I had used it on the 27th—it was kept locked up—the carman hung it up in the stables—this it is—the stables had been entered by using a key—I do not know the prisoner at all.





HENRY MITCHELL
. I am carman to the last witness's father—I left the harness all secure between five and six o'clock on the 27th—I locked the door, and put the key in my pocket—I did not go the next morning, it being Sunday—I kept the key till the Monday morning—I then found the door locked, but the harness was gone—this is it.





FERDINAND M'KEE
 (police-sergeant H 4.) On the evening of the 28th of February, I received information that a set of harness had been taken into a house in a street in Hackney-road—I went there, and found the prisoner Saunders and another, who was discharged—they denied all knowledge of the harness, and said they did not know it was in the room.






TIMOTHY TOOMEY
 (police-constable 32 H.) On the 28th of February I received information that this harness had gone to No. 8, New-court, Hackney-road—we went there, and found the prisoner Sounders, and another, asleep on some straw—we took them to the station-house, and on returning back we found these two keys on the mantel-piece, one of which open the stable-door—we had not then heard of the harness being stolen, but we did afterwards—the next morning I was going to Worship-street—I received information that Ball was in company with Saunders in taking the harness—I then took Ball.





EMMA BROWN
. I live in New-court, Hackney-road. On Saturday night, the 27th, about six o'clock, I saw these two prisoners pass with the harness on their shoulders—both of them had some of it.

William Ball. Her word is not to be taken, she has transported one man already; the policeman is her cousin.

SAUNDERS.—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

BALL.—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
