




725. 




WILLIAM ALLEN
 and 




JAMES SOUTHGATE
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Henry Allen, on the 
5th of February, at 
St. John, at Hackney, and stealing therein 1 handkerchief, value 7s. his goods; and 2 aprons, value 5s.;1 breast-pin, value 4s.; and 1 cornelian heart, value 2s. 6d. the goods of 



Francis Warner.







SUSANNAH WARNER
. I am the wife of Francis Warner, and am sister to the prisoner Allen. My husband is at sea—he is a carpenter in the merchant service—I live at No. 3, Camomile-terrace, Water-lane—Allen lives at my father's house when he comes from sea—he is the son of William Henry Allen—I also occupy a room in my father's house—my brother was in the house until Tuesday, the 3rd of February—on Thursday afternoon, the 5th of February, I went out—I secured the street door before I left, leaving nobody in the house—the back door was fastened with two bolts—I had locked my drawers—my room door was locked, and the key left in it—I left home about three o'clock—I returned between four and five o'clock, and found the front door fast as I had left it—the back door was open a little way—I missed some things from a cupboard—I went to my own room, and found the keys in the top drawer—one drawer was open—I missed a silk handkerchief, two silver tea-spoons, a cornelian heart, and breast-pin from the drawer, and the duplicate of a coat—they were safe in the drawer when I left the house, for what I know—they were there on Tuesday night—I had not seen them since—I had no reason to suppose my drawers had been disturbed before—the handkerchief was a very bright colour, a belcher—my brother had no such handkerchief when he left the house—the handkerchief belongs to my father.





THOMAS WILLIAMS
. I am the son of Thomas Williams, of Duns'-court, Homerton. He is a labourer—on Thursday afternoon, the 5th of February, I was at work near Mr. Allen's house—about half-past four o'clock, I was carrying mould for my master into his garden, at the back of the house immediately adjoining Allen's—I saw Allen get over the back wall, and by a wall which parts the two houses, he got on the privy, and in at the back window of his father's house—he came to the front window with a knife and fork in his hand—he opened the window and let the other prisoner in—I saw them enter the house—I saw nothing more—Southgate was standing by the door—when he let him in through the window it was shut down again.





HANNAH DAVIDSON
. I am the wife of John Davidson, of Camomile-terrace—I live next door to Mr. Allen. On Thursday afternoon, the 5th of February, I was at my door, and saw the two prisoners come from the adjoining house, which was being newly built, next door to Allen's—I heard Allen say to Southgate, "Come on, Jem "—Allen had a handkerchief tucked into his jacket—it was bright yellow and red.

Southgate. She was in doors, and not at the door at all. Witness. When we were at Worship-street, I said he threw a stone in at the door, and he said, "No, it was not a stone, it was a tobacco-pipe"—I am quite sure I saw them come from the empty house—it was between four and five o'clock.





WILLIAM GILLETT
 (police-constable N 19.) I apprehended both the prisoners, and took them to the station-house—Allen denied the robbery, and said his name was not Allen—the house is in the parish of St. John, at Hackney.

Allen's Defence. I am innocent—I know nothing of Southgate, except seeing him at the public-house where I take a drop of beer every night.

ALLEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

SOUTHGATE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
