






Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1106. 
               
                  
                     EDMUND 
                     WORMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April

, 1 watch, value 50l.; 1 watch-chain, value 2l., and 1 seal, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Vansitart
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  JOSEPH BELL

               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  ROBERT 
                  VANSITART
               



            . I belong to the Guards
. On the 10th of April I gave this watch to Worman to take to Barwise's to he repaired; he was in the Guards, and had been my regular servant
 for nine months - on the 12th I found he had absconded, and I went to Barwise's to make inquiries; Worman was taken on the 16th of April - it is my uncle's watch, whose name is Robert.


                  JOHN 
                  URQUHART
               



            . I am a Police-man. On the 17th of April, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, a pawnbroker came to our station-house - I went with him to his shop in Long-acre; I found the prisoner Bell at the shop, who had gone there to pawn this watch - I took him, and in going along, he said a person outside had given it him to pawn for 6l.; my brother officer, who is not here, went out to look for that person - I did not take Worman.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MAYHEW
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Barwise, a watchmaker, in St. Martin's-lane. I know what work comes to his shop; Worman brought no watch there on the 10th, 11th, or 12th of April.


                  CHARLES 
                  SUFFELL
               



            . I live with Mr. Sowerby, a pawnbroker, in Long-acre. I have a watch, which was offered in pawn by Bell one Saturday in April; he asked 6l. 6s. for it, and said if I pushed in the how it would play a tune - I did so, and found it repeated; I then thought he had not come honestly by it - I recollected there had been a bill sent round to stop such a watch; and sent for an officer - in the mean time I pretended to write him a duplicate, and asked what name he would have it put in - he said he would go outside and see; he went out, and I went to see he did not run away - he came in again, and told me to put it in the name of Worman; I had to go round the counter to look at him - he might have communicated with some person and I not see him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SADLER THOMAS
               



            . On the night stated, Bell was brought to the station on a charge of having offered this watch; I inquired whose it was - he said he supposed it belonged to a young man named Worman, who I gave it him; inquired his description, and sent an officer to fetch him; I showed him the watch, and asked whose it was; he said Mr. Vansitart's; I asked where the seal was - he said in his pocket; this is it.
WORMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BELL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
