




1043. 




ANDREW WATERS
 was again indicted

, for that he, on the 
26th of March, feloniously did forge a request for the delivery of two dozen bottles of port-wine, and two dozen bottles of sherry-wine, with intent to defraud 



Henry Bradshaw Fearon.—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same, well knowing it to be forged.






WILLIAM PERRITT
. I am clerk to Mr. Fearon. On the 26th of March, a porter brought me this letter—I went out with him into Holborn at one door—the porter left by another—I saw the porter talking to the prisoner—he pointed him out to me, as the man who gave him the note—I asked the prisoner who gave him the note—he said, Mr. Hill's foreman at first—I said, "It is very strange he should send an order by a strange porter, when his own cart is here"—he then said, "It is a tall man that has just given it to me—I do not know his name"—(order read)—"Please to send by bearer, two dozen of port, and two ditto of sherry—Yours, &c. D. Hill."—I had sent the spirits on the Tuesday—I asked him to walk into the counting-house, and called Hill's man forwards, who said the prisoner was employed within a few doors of his master's—he wrote me down his name, "J. Watkins"—I took him to Vauxhall in a cab—he said, "I will go in and ask master to go with you to Mr. Hill's"—he then went into his mater's—we went and searched his master's premises, but could not find him—we found wet foot-marks on the window—he had escaped over the houses.





DENNIS HARRAGAN
. I am a porter. On the 26th of March, I received a letter from the prisoner, to take to Mr. Fearon, about three o'clock—he said he would wait in Farringdon-street, till I came back with the goods—I delivered the letter to Perritt, who walked out—I went out and met the prisoner standing outside the door—I said, "There is the man that gave me the note"—when he engaged me, he told me to take the goods to the Post-office.





DAVID HILL
. This note is not my writing—I gave nobody authority to write it.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going into the City with my fellow-trayeller, Mr. Harrison, and as I passed Mr. Hill's pottery, I was accosted by person who said, "Mr. Carruthers sent his compliments, and would thank me to leave a note at Mr. Fearon's, for Hill, and get a porter to carry the articles;" which I did—the clerk told me the order was forged—I did not know the person who gave it to me, and when I got to Vauxhall I was running to a public-house to see if I could find the man—I met a person who was waiting for me—I said I should go to Hill's—he said, "They will take you, if you do; you had better come with me and wait;" and when I got on the road, he gave me in charge—Harrison knows the man who gave me the note—I have seen the same man drinking with Hill's. men.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
