





210. 
               
                  
                     LYDIA 
                     GOODWIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, 1 key, value 2d.; 2 half-crowns, 6 shillings, and sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Speller
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JAMES SPELLER. I am a wire-worker
. On the 29th of October, about seven o'clock, I received two half-crowns and fifteen shillings, for my wages - I met with a fellow-workman, and saw the prisoner and another girl in Whitechapel-road; I was quite sober - they accosted us, and we treated them with rum at a public-house, and when we got into the air, I became stupified and drunk - I am sure I had 12s. or 16s. when in the public-house in my left-hand pocket, and the two half-crowns were among them; I went no where with her, nor did I intend - when I came to myself, I found I was in the station-house; my money and a key were gone from the same pocket - the officer produced two half-crowns, 6s. 6d 1/2., and a key; I had some copper.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner and prosecutor together about one o'clock in the morning, walking towards Whitechapel


; the man was very drunk, and fell on the crossing - I helped the prisoner to pick him up, and asked where he lived; he could not answer - the prisoner said he was her husband, and they only lived a few doors up the street; she had a small black bag in her hand, which she asked me to hold, as her shawl was apparently falling off - I thought it curious she should ask me to hold the bag, and asked what it contained; she said nothing but her handkerchief and gloves - I put my hand in and felt the handkerchief and gloves, but I am sure there was no money in it; the prosecutor was standing up - she then said she would manage him, and take him home; I left her, and presently heard money fall on the pavement - I met another officer, who went up with me, and found a halfpenny on the pavement; the prisoner said it was hers, and he gave it her - she came towards the top of the street, leaving the prosecutor laying on the pavement; I then secured her - the prosecutor was so tipsy he could say nothing, and I took them both to the station; I looked into her bag, and found two half-crowns, 6s. 6d., 2 1/2d., a farthing, and a key - I asked how the money came in her bag so quick; she said she had two half-crowns in a pocket in her stays, but the rest she could not account for - the prosecutor claimed the key; neither that nor the money were there in the first instance.
JAMES SPELLER. This is my key.
The prisoner delivered in a written Defence, stating that the Policeman had been drinking with her, and was quite intoxicated - that the prosecutor had stated he was so drunk that he did not know whether he had lost any money or not.


                  JAMES 
                  SPELLER
               



            . When I came to myself, I was asked if I had lost my money; I put my hand into my pocket and said I had - there is not a word of truth in her defence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
