




2164. 




MARY IGO
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of July, 1 box, value 8s.; 10 pens, value 10d.;1 half-sovereign, 6 half-crowns, 10 shillings, 5 sixpences, 4 groats; and 1 bill of exchange for 30l.; the property of 



William Henry Osland, her master: and 




JOHN EDWARDS



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which Igo pleaded





GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Penitentiary.






WILLIAM HENRY OSLAND
. Igo was my servant. I missed my cash-box on Monday, the 22nd of July, it contained the property stated—this is my box—Edwards came to me with Igo's sister on the Thursday morning following, and said if I would pay him for his trouble he would find the box, he knew where it was—I never saw him before in my life.





HENRY WIX
. I am a chimney-sweep, and live in Chequer-alley, Buns hill-row. I saw Edwards on the Thursday—he said he knew the cash-box was down the privy, for he was the person who chucked it down, and sunk it by bricks—he said there was about two sovereigns in gold and a 30l. cheque, and some pens in it—I went there, but could not get it up without having the privy emptied—he did not say when he sank it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you sure he said he was the person who chucked it down? A. Yes—he at first said there was a cash-box down the privy where his landlord lived, and it was a handsome one—he said if it was to be got up he would give me the job, and I should be rewarded if I got it up—ray wife was there—he came to my own place and told me—he said a parcel of boys had tried to get it up—a young woman had given information, and he had sunk it with bricks.

COURT. Q. Did you understand that he had sunk it wilfully? A. Yes, because it should not be found.





JOHN STANTON
. I live in Crown-court. I examined the privy—the prisoner Edwards said he knew the box was there, for he sunk it with bricks—we got the soil out on Monday night, and on Tuesday morning the box was found—I turned the bricks up.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A sweep and scavenger—I have seen Wix several times—I do not know much good nor any harm of him—I never heard any thing against him—I have been tried, and was transported—I had full pardon after I had been four years and eight months away.

EDWARDS—


NOT GUILTY
.
