





Before Mr. Justice Park.
2064. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     MORRISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, 1 key, value 6d.; 3 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Nunn
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIBLEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. On Saturday morning, the 17th of September, at half-past one o'clock, I was on my beat in Oxford-street


, between Davis and Gilbert-streets - Nunn was walking down the street, and the prisoner laid hold of him; they had some conversation, and after he went away she ran after him, put one hand under his arm, and the other into his pocket; I heard a piece of copper fall on the ground - Nunn caught hold of her, and said, "You have robbed me, and I will give you in charge, unless you give me my money;" she crossed over the way, and said, "Here is a Policeman - he will take me in charge;" Nunn said very well, I should take her to the station - I asked what for; he said she had robbed him of his money and a key - he supposed he had lost 15s, or 16s.; I immediately searched her, and found three half-crowns, seven shillings, a sixpence, and a key, all in her hand; he identified the key by it having been broken and soldered.


                  GEORGE 
                  NUNN
               



            . I was in Oxford-street - the prisoner came up, caught hold of me, and said, "Young man, where are you going?" I said home; she said, "Go with me;" I said No, I would go home - I walked further, and heard a halfpenny drop on the pavement; I caught hold of her hand, and said, "You have robbed me - I will give you in charge; I have lost my money and a key, which I can swear to;" she said, "There is a Policeman - give me in charge;" she crossed over to him, and said, "This young man gives me in charge;" I know I had half-crowns, shillings, and a sixpence, but not exactly how many - this is my key; I broke the ward, and had it soldered - I did not touch her.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave it to me, and pulled me about very improperly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
