





1183. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAYWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June
, 6 half-crowns, 10 shillings, and 5 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Oliver 
                     Foster
                  




               
            . (See Sixth Sess. p. 616.)


                  ELIZA 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am the wife of Oliver Foster. We keep the Goldsmith's-arms, Goldsmith's-terrace, Hackney-road




 - we have a skittle-ground, and on the 12th of June, we had more company there than usual - I heard a noise at the till, I turned my head, and saw a person spring into the street; I saw he had a round cap on - that was all I saw of him; I missed the money stated.
Prisoner. Q. How much did you miss? A. From 20s. to 30s. - I cannot say how many half crowns, nor how many shillings or sixpences, but there were some of all sorts of silver money.


                  LUKE 
                  HEMPY
               



            . I sell hearth stones. I live close against the public-house - I was near the gate of the play-ground; I saw the prisoner - I know him by his thick lips; he had a round cap on - I saw him open the till with his left hand- I don't know which hand he pulled the money out with, but he came out with his right hand full of silver, and ran down the street; I had him in sight about a minute - I lost sight of him in turning a corner at the bottom of the street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I was pot-boy at the Goldsmith's-arms. I saw the prisoner there the greater part of that afternoon; he was playing at skittles and betting - a person then asked him to play again - he said he could not, for he had no more money; in consequence of hearing of the loss of this money, I went down John-street, and went to the Antelope - I found the prisoner in a corner, and brought him back to my master's house.


                  THOMAS 
                  STANFAST
               



            . I am a twine-maker. I was stationed at the foot of the stairs to give out tickets to keep the rif raf from going down - they were to give sixpence for a ticket, and to have sixpenny worth of something for it- I heard the alarm, and ran round into Goldsmith's-row, where I met the prisoner in the custody of Collins.


                  HENRY 
                  CLEGG
               



            . I am twelve years old - I was near the prosecutor's door on the 12th of June; I saw the prisoner reach over to the till, and open it with his left hand - he ran out, and ran down John-street, and I lost sight of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



            . I am a pot-boy. I was standing near the door of the play-ground; I heard an alarm of Stop thief, and saw the prisoner run round the corner with his left hand full of silver, which he put into his right hand - I followed him, and never lost sight of him till he went into the Antelope; when I was at Worship-street he said if I minded what I said, and he got off, he would give me 2s. for myself.


                  CHARLES 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I was a police-constable N 201. I took the prisoner, and found on him two half-crowns, four shillings, and sixpence, and twopence farthing in copper, which was given to the prosecutor on the last trial.
Prisoner's Defence. I am indicted for stealing six half-crowns, ten shillings, and five sixpences, and the lady says she don't know how many of each she lost - I am entirely innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
