





425. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December
, 1 sovereign, the money of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Johns
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNS
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and was at the Crosby's Head on the evening of the 5th of December, about seven o'clock; three of us had a pot of beer, which I paid for; I had then two sovereigns in my pocket and three half-crowns - I left there, and went home; I went and bought a joint of meat - I then went to the Black Boy, and had a pint of beer and a pipe; my wife came and said she was going to Hackney-fields - I said, "You go on, and I will come after you;" I left in about half an hour, and just by the London Apprentice, the prisoner laid hold of my arm, and said "My dear, come home with me" - I said I was going to meet my wife; I turned a very little out of the road, and found her hand in my right-hand trousers pocket; I caught hold of her hand, and said, "You have robbed me;" I felt in my pocket, and missed a sovereign - she said, "Come home with me, I will make all right;" I said, I would not - she called two or three people, who began to hustle me about - the prisoner then said, "You may search me;" she was searched, but nothing was found on her.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You had been to two public-houses? A. Yes; I only went a little aside with her, that the people might pass; I did not take her out of the way; I do not know that my coat was buttoned; I did not unbutton it there - she was not searched there; she called to two of her companions to come to her assistance - they came and got round her, and then she said, "You may search me;" I did not finish my pint of beer at the Black Boy - there was only a thimble found on her; I did not claim that - I was searched, and a sovereign was found on me; I am sure I had two when I left the Black Boy; I had given my wife what other money I had.
WILLIAM BREYER. I was called by the prosecutor on the night in question: I saw a mob at the London Apprentice - I went to remove it; he gave the prisoner in charge, and said she had robbed him of a sovereign; she said she was willing to go, she had no sovereign - there were two or three women about, who were strangers.
Cross-examined. Q. She was searched? A. Yes; and no sovereign found on her.


                  ANN 
                  DURANT
               



            . I was with the prosecutor on the night of the 5th of December; I saw he had two sovereigns and some silver.
JAMES PINKERTON. The prisoner was brought to me by the witness, and it was said, she had taken a sovereign from the prosecutor; I took her into the lock-up place, but found nothing on her but a thimble - the prosecutor said she had robbed him; I searched, and found one sovereign on him.
Prisoner's Defence. He came up to me in a very rude indecent manner; he wanted me to go up a turning, and I would not - he pulled me about; several persons came up, and said he ought to give charge of me; he is a very bad old man indeed, or he would not have behaved in such a manner to any woman.
WILLIAM JOHNS. I swear I did not take any liberties with her; I felt her hand in my pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BREYER
               



             re-examined. Q. Did she make any complaint of his conduct? A. She said he accused her first in Old-street-road.
JAMES PINKERTON. When she came to sit by the fire in the middle of the night, she said he had taken liberties with her, and bugged her round the neck.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not she say at first, that he first accosted her? A. Yes, and I did not take charge, because I did not know whether he had lost a sovereign or not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
