






373. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     RAWLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October

. 9 spoons, value 3l. 6s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 8s.; 2 sheets. value 10s.; 2 table-cloths, value 4s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 1s. 6d.; 2 blankets, value 2s.; 1 table-cover, value 2s.; 1 rug, value 1s.; 1 saltcellar, value 6d.; 1 bed-wrench, value 1s.; 1 brass cock, value 1s., and 8 towels, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Dougald 
                  Livingstone
               



            . her master; and 
               
                  
                     RALPH 
                     RAWLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing their to have been stolen
            .

MARY LIVINGSTONE. I am the wife of Dougald Livingstone - he lives in Harford-square, Commercial-road



. The female prisoner was in my service - she came on the 17th of October; I missed property, but did not suspect her - she staid with me six weeks; I found fault with her for going out and stopping late - she said if I did not allow her to go out she would leave me; I said she might, - she said she was going to Lady Montague, with whom she said she had lived - she then went away; I missed a number of articles, and suspected the milk woman, whom the prisoner used to speak a long while to in the morning - I told the woman not to come in the morning, but in the afternoon; on Christmas-day I had occasion for some silver spoons - I looked for them, and missed them; some metal ones were put in their place - the knives and forks were taken away; I had a faithful dog, and he was poisoned the day after she left my service - still I had no suspicion of her, but thought it was some person who had a design on the house; I afterwards found that she was married to the male prisoner - he was one night in my house, and when I went down in the kitchen she put him under the table; this is my property, and these are my spoons.
Cross-examined by MR. COLLIER. Q. You must have been very careless not to miss these things before she went away? A. I missed the tea-spoons and salt-spoons, but still I let her stay; I know my other things were safe when I missed the spoons - that was when I was packing up my clothes; I had a dozen and a half of white-handled knives, which I gave her to clean - I did not examine the articles when she came, and give them into her care; I missed the spoons within a week after she came.


                  MARGARET 
                  POTTLE
               



            . My husband is a bricklayer. I serve the prosecutor with milk, which the female prisoner used to take in; when I have knocked at the door I have seen this man come, and speak to her at the door - I once took a letter from her, and gave it to the landlady of the house where he lives; I forget when it was.
Cross-examined. Q. You know nothing about taking the things? A. No - I have seen the man go away, and take nothing with him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have some tea-spoons, pawned by the male prisoner on the 31st of October, and this table-cloth was pawned with me, but I cannot say by whom.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know this man before? A. Yes.(Property produced and sworn to.)
JAMES LEA. I am an officer of Lambeth-street. On the 29th of December the prosecutrix came and told me what she had lost; I went to Phillips-street, but they had removed from there - I found them at a house in Anthony-street, St. George's; they were at dinner - the prosecutor said, "They are my spoons, knives and forks;" I found these other knives and forks in this leather, in a box which the male prisoner said was his - he gave me the key to open it, but it was open; I found several duplicates - here is one of this table-cloth, in the name of John Rawlins, and another of a bed-wrench, and a brass cock; I found this table-cloth under the bed up stairs, with the mark M. L., No. 3, upon it, which the prosecutor claimed - the man said his mother gave him that, and it was her mark; I found this salt-cellar there - the prisoner said she purchased some of these things in Rosemary-lane.
Cross-examined. Q. The man made no resistance? A. No - he did not oppose my searching.


                  HARRIET 
                  INCH
               



            . The two prisoners lived with me - they used to go out in the morning about five o'clock; I never opened the door to the man with any parcels - I heard him say he was for seven hours in the coal cellar at the prosecutor's; that the dog barked, and would have bit him, but they put him away.


                  Ralph 
                  Rawlins
               



            . Q.Did you not say before the Magistrate that I was in in good time every night? A. Yes, except that night you always was - I did not say I would tell Mrs. Livingstone you had property of her's; your father said you had, and was uneasy about it.
JANE RAWLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
RALPH RAWLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
