





Second London Jury, before Mr. Sergenat Arabin.
390. 
               
                  
                     HYAM 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 1 box, value 3s., and 19 printed books, value 6l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hookham
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Russell
                  



               
            .
JAMES IZZARD. I drive Mr. William Russell's waggon - he is a carrier
. On the 24th of December I had a box which I brought from Kneesworth, to take to the Vine Inn, Bishopsgate-street


; I arrived there about six o'clock, but they did not unload the waggon then; I stood in the street till between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, and when we took the other things out, I missed the box; I had seen it safe when I was at Leadenhall-market, between five and six o'clock; I have seen it since - this is it - it is directed to Mr. Hookham, at the library.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PATRICK
               



            . I am an officer of Portsoken ward. On the morning of the 24th of December I was in Cutler-street, about half-past seven o'clock; I saw the prisoner running as quick as he could, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I approached, and laid hold of him; I asked what was the matter - he said nothing; I held him a few minutes; a person came up and said, "That man has dropped a box in Hounsditch, at the corner of St. Mary-axe" - I took him back, and there was the box.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KITHCART
               



            . I was in Camomile-street, and saw the prisoner carrying a box; I had some suspicion from what Williams told me, and watched him; he turned into St. Mary-axe - I followed him; he dropped this box, and made over to Cutler-street, where he was taken by the officer, to the best of my knowledge; the prisoner carried the box on his shoulder.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I was coming up the Saracen's Head-yard, in Camomile-street, and saw the prisoner withthis box on his shoulder; I ran after him - he turned round, and looked me full in the face; I thought he had half a mind to drop the box then; I told Kithcart and another of it - they pursued him; I swear he is the person - I saw the direction was torn off the box.


                  JAMES 
                  FINCH
               



            . I am librarian at Mr. Hookham's library, in Bond-street; this box contains nineteen volumes, which had been sent to a gentleman to read, and were to be sent back to us.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
