



695. 



JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Martin, about the hour of three, in the night of the 
21st of November, at 
Hammersmith, with intent to steal, and stealing therin 2 Sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, and 2 £5 Bank-notes, his property.






WILLIAM MARTIN
. I keep the Duke of Sussex public-house at Hammersmith; I am master of that house. I know the prisoner very well by sight—he came to my house on the 21st of November, between five and six o'clock—he had a lodging there—he went to bed about nine o'clock—no one was in the room with him—I went to bed between twelve and one o'clock, and was the last person up in the house—I am sure I shut it up—I saw Mrs. Martin take the till up—all the doors were locked—our bed-room door was fastened, but not locked—I remember my wife's sister coming up to that room between six and seven o'clock the next morning—it was dark—she came and alarmed me—I had two £5 banknotes, two sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and some silver, in my till the night before—I missed it in the morning—in consequence of something that happened last week, I came to Newgate, where I saw a number of prisoneres together—amongst them I discovered the prisoner—I am sure he is the man who came to sleep at my house that night, I am positive of it.





ELEANOR WARING
. I am sister-in-law of the prosecutor. I remember the prisoner sleeping at his house—when he was going up to bed I gave him a candlestick—when I came down in the morning I observed his door open—I went in and found he was gone, and the candle in another room—there was no communication between his room and the other—it was in a second room that I found the till—I went up to my brother and gave the alarm—I found the side door on the latch, that opened to the street—these was a chest of drawers in the room—we found two drawers broken open, and several things thrown out, but nothing taken—there were no other lodgers in the house at the time—the family consisted of

me and my sister and brother-in-law, two children and the maid-servant—the till is a little drawer from a desk.

COURT to WILLIAM MARTIN. Q. Where was the till taken to that night? A. To my bed-room—that and the candlestick were found in another room—he was to have given 1s. 6d. for his lodging. Prisoner. I am innocent of it—I never was there, and know nothing of it.





GEORGE SIMS
. I was at Mr. Martin's house on the evening in question—I was at the bar when the prisoner came in and asked for a lodging—I am quite sure that he was the man—I went into the coffee-room and saw him there—I came to Newgate and pointed him out among fifty more prisoners.





ANTHONY BROOKS
. I was taking a glass of grog in the coffee-room when the prisoner came in—this is the man I saw for about an hour there 



GUILTY of stealing to the value of 5l. and upwards, but not burglariously 


Transported for Life.
