







478. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of January

, 4 trusses of hay, value 8s.; 3 trusses of straw, value 2s. 6d.; 8 bushels of corn, value 3s.; 3 bushels of chaff, value 1s., and 1 pad bridle, and 2 hames, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Jerrom
                        



                     
                  , his master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HALL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NORMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ,


                  JAMES 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Jerrom
               



            ; he is a stable-keeper
, and lives in Upper Montague-street



 - Andrews was in his employ to take out provisions to different gentlemen's horses
; he had been employed on and off for about two years; he went out very often with the cart - I was induced to watch him, and on the 14th of January I saw him go out of the yard with a load of four trusses of hay, a quarter of corn, two trusses of straw; and about three bushels of chaff; he should have taken about the quantity of hay which he had, but only one sack of corn - I watched him, and hewent to the Green Man, at Paddington



; he drove the cart into the yard - I followed him, and he began to unload the hay and give it to Norman; he had only taken off one truss, when I went up to him, and asked him who authorized him to bring hay and straw there - Norman was by at the time, and heard what I said; Andrews answered, "It is mine" - I asked him what he meant by"mine;" he made no answer - I then asked Norman who was master of the yard, and he pointed to Hall, who was cleaning a horse at the time; I went up to Hall, and asked him how long he had been in the habit of receiving hay and straw, and he said he did not know any thing about it - I then ordered Norman to put the hay on the cart again, which he did, and I ordered Andrews to take it back; he took it part of the way back, and then got out of the cart and said he owned he had done wrong, and begged me to forgive him - I said he and his master must settle that, and I told him to get into the cart and go home, which he did; when his master came home he gave him in charge; we went up to the same stables again at night, and found this gig harness in the stable - Hall was not there at the time; he and Norman had been given in charge - I do not know whose stable it was, but the harness, pad-bridle, and hames were hanging up; it is called Hall's-yard, but different persons have stables there.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many persons have stables there? A. I should think six or seven - the truss of hay did not fall off.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q. Norman was merely in the yard? A. Yes.


                  CHARLES 
                  WADE
               



            . I am a boot and shoemaker. I bought the harness of Norman about the beginning of December, and it was in the stable in which my horse stands at Mr. Hall's, at the Green Man; I pay him for my horse standing there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARD WRIGHT
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was on duty in Crawford-street - I was called by Mr. Jerrom; I went to Upper Montague-street, and took Andrews - he said to his master, "I hope you will not press the charge against me?" and as he was going to the office he said to him, "O G-d, don't have me locked up, for the sake of my wife and child;" I then went to the stable and found the harness.


                  ISAAC 
                  JERROM
               



            . This harness is mine - what the officer has stated is correct; I only know that Andrews begged forgiveness, and said he was very sorry for what he had done - I said, "I did not expect this of you;" he said, "I hope you will forgive me for the sake of my wife and family;" I paid him from 20s. to 25s. a week, and was very sorry to prosecute him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you not prosecuted him? A. Yes, but I think I have done what I ought to have done.
Andrews put in a written Defence, stating the cart had given a sudden jerk on going over a kenuel, and the hay had fallen off, but that he had no dishonest intention in calling at the yard.
ANDREWS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HALL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
NORMAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
