





527. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward Simeon 
                           Stephenson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  SIMEON STEPHENSON
               



            . On the 18th of January I was passing over Blackfriars-bridge


 - I had got about two-thirds over it, towards the City, and on the east or right-hand side; I felt my handkerchief, as I supposed, drawn from my pocket - I put my hand down, and my handkerchief was gone; I turned, and saw the prisoner close at my heels, concealing a handkerchief on his person or his clothes - I saw the handkerchief in his hand, and from its colour and appearance, I believe it was mine; I told him he had my handkerchief - he denied it; I said I would give him in charge to the first officer I met - he ran off, after a few seconds, into Bridge-street, crossed the road, and ran down the first turning on the left-hand, and then along the street which runs parallel with Bridge-street; he then made a turn back at the end of Tudor-street passage - I came up with him then; he dropped the handkerchief at his feet, and I took it up - it turned out to be mine; I am told the spot where I missed my handkerchief is in the City of London - the entire of that side, I am told, is in the parish of St. Ann, Blackfriars, but the precinct of Bridewell is on the other side.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I know Blackfriars-bridge, and have always understood the whole of it is in the City of London, but in different parishes - there is a stone on the further side, which divides the parishes, but the whole is in the City of London.
Prisoner's Defence. I left home to look for work - on returning it was rather late; I was running to get an answer from a gentleman - two young fellows passed, and dropped this handkerchief; I took it up, the gentleman tapped me on the arm, and accused me of robbing him - I denied it, and ran off.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
