



805. 




JOHN FIRMAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of February, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, 1 saddle, value 2l. 10s.; 1 bridle, value 7s.; and 1 gelding, price 20l.; the goods and property of 



Thomas Harvey.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES HARVEY
. I am the son of Thomas Harvey, a farmer at Wicks-comb, Essex, about fifty miles from London. On the 20th of February, I saw his bay mare safe in the stable, at seven o'clock in the evening—there was no lock to the stable-door—the prisoner is my cousin—I Went to the stable next morning, about six a clock, and the mare was gone, and the saddle and bridle also, which I had seen overnight—I saw the mare again last Tuesday, the 28th of February, in Mr. Dyer's stables, at Worship-street, and the bridle also, but I have not seen the saddle since—I knew the mare when I saw her—she is worth about 10l.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You can make no mistake about having seen this particular mare that night? A. Not at all—it was my business to look after her—the prisoner has not been to my father's far several years past—I have seen the mare this morning.





HEZEKIAH FAIRHKAD
. I keep a beer-shop at Wick-green, Essex, about half a mile from the prosecutor's. On the 20th of February I was out, and came home about three o'clock, and found the prisoner at my house having a pint of ale—he asked me several questions about Mr. Harvey—he staid from half-past twelve o'clock till about twenty minutes after eight o'clock in the evening—he told me he was going to Bewhurst that night (that is about three miles off, in Suffolk,) and he was going from there to Sudbury.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Never—I was with him about two hours that evening—he was dressed in a large light drab coat, which covered him, and his stockings came over his breeches—I could not see underneath his coat—he had rather dark whiskers.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How soon afterwards did you see him again? A. Last Tuesday, eight days after—I knew him again as soon as I saw him.





MATTHEW JACKSON
. I am ostler to Mr. Northover, who keeps the white Hart, in Kingsland-road. On Tuesday, the 21st of February, the prisoner came there between six and seven o'clock in the morning, and brought the mare, and saddle and bridle with him—she was dirty and very hot—he said he wanted her cleaned, and wanted some corn for her, and told me to wrap her up warm and take care of her—I took her into the stable and cleaned her—about ten o'clock he brought Mr. Jenkinson

to look at her, but it would not suit him—I and the prisoner afterwards went into the house together, and saw Mr. Bateman—the prisoner was talking about the mare, and said he wished he could sell it—Bateman asked what sort of a mare it was, and said his brother wanted one—the prisoner described her to him, and Bateman went to look at her—he said, he was afraid it would not suit his brother, but he could take it down and show it to him—I went with the prisoner to Bateman's house, to show the mare—he said it would not suit him, and we returned to the White Hart—next day, Mr. Jenkinson came and saw her, and rode her—they afterwards went into the house, and Mr. Jenkinson bought her of him—the prisoner took the saddle away, and sold her and the bridle for 7l—I got a threepenny stamp receipt for them—I did not see the money paid, myself—I saw the receipt signed and the mare given to Jenkinson—she remained in the stable till next day, and then the officers took her.





JOHN NORTHOVER
. I am a livery stable keepe r. Jackson is my servant. On the 22nd of February, in consequence of what passed, I lent Jenkinson 7l. to pay for the mare, and saw him pay it to the prisoner.





GEORGE JENKINSON
. I am a butcher, and live in the Curtain-road. I bought the mare and bridle in question for 7l.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you known the prisoner? A. Between two and three years, but I missed him for the space of two years, and know very little about him.

COURT. Q. What is the mare worth? A. I should say not more than I gave for her—next morning she was so lame she could not come out—it did not strike me that she had been hard ridden—I thought I was taken in—a man told me she had spavin—she was very poor and out of condition—I really thought it a fair price.





WILLIAM ATTFIELD
. I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 23rd of February, in consequence of information, I went to Mr. Northover's stables and found the mare and bridle, which was afterwards identified by young Mr. Harvey—on the following day I apprehended the prisoner in Smithfield, and told him the charge—he said he had sold the mare to Mr. Jenkinson at the White Hart for 7l., and that he had bought her of a man at Brent wood on the Tuesday morning—the mare was afterwards delivered to Mr. Harvey by the Magistrate's directions.





THOMAS HARVEY
. I am the prosecutor's brother, and live at Wicks comb. I was with the officer when the mare was found, and knew it to be my brother's—it was worth about 20l. when stolen, but when found it was very lame and thin—it is a saddle-horse.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Life.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
