





732. 
               
                  
                     MILES 
                     McGUIRE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March
, 1 pair of trousers, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Sheath
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
ELIZABETH GAINES. I live at Edmonton, with my father and mother, Mr. Sheath keeps a clothes shop
. On the 11th of March, about six o'clock in the evening, I was walking on the footpath, and saw the prisoner snatch a pair of corderoy trousers from Mr. Sheath's door-post - he put them under his arm, and ran away as far as Water-lane; I then lost sight of him - I saw him again on the following day, before Mr. Mores, the Magistrate; I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. How could you tell what they were, it being so late? A.There is a lamp over the door.
NATHANIEL SHEATH. I keep the shop. On the 12th of March this little girl came and told me something - I looked and missed a pair of corderoy trousers, which had been safe ten minutes before, hanging at my door; I saw the prisoner the same night, and gave charge of him.


                  JOHN 
                  CAMP
               



            . I am a constable. On the 11th of March I took the prisoner from the watchman, who had him in charge - I took him before the Magistrate the next morning, and the little girl identified him.
Prisoner's Defence. I went on the 11th of March, to the Three Tuns to have a pint of beer - the prosecutor and the watchman took me to the cage, where Camp searched me, but they did not say what it was for.


                  JOHN 
                  CAMP
               



            . Water-lane is about one hundred yards from the prosecutor's shop, in a straight line - Gaines could see him all the way; it leads down to the bridge - he was seen to come back from the lane to the Three Tuns, which is one door from the prosecutor's, and there he was taken; I found a few halfpence on him.
JURY to 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  GAINES
               



            . Q.How near were you to the prisoner when he took them? A.On the other side the way - it is not above half the width of the Court; I could plainly see his face, and I knew him before very well.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
