





1080. 




GEORGE JONES,



 GEORGE OSBORNE
, and 




JOHN SEAL
,. were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of March, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., I the goods of 



Isaac Cooke the younger, from his person.






ISAAC COOKE, JUN
. I live in York-terrace, Islington, my father is a retired sergeant-major, from the artillery. On the 5th of April, at half-past eight o'clock, I was going up Shoreditch—I had my handkerchief safe—I felt it going out of my pocket—I put my hand in, and felt the prisoner Jones' hand is it—he took it in its full length across the road—I went after him—he went quicker than me, and round the other two prisoners, or 1 would have taken him, hut I thought three would be too much for one—the handkerchief was passed from one to the other; I saw it in all three of their hands I waited in the road, not above ten yards from them—omnibuses were running by, but I kept on the right side where they were—I saw two policeman, and they took the three—they had a little boy with them, who ran off, and it has not been found.





VALENTINE JONES SMITH
 (police-constable G 226.) On this evening I was standing with Story, at the corner of Holy well-lane—the prosecutor pointed out the prisoners—I took Jones and Osborne—Storey took Seal—I told them what it was for; they denied it.





RICHARD STOREY
 (police-constable G 70.) I took Seal.

Jones. I had not been out of doors five minutes, when the man came and said had picked his pocket.

Osborne. I had not been out of doors five minutes.

Seal. I was pasting from my master's to my mother's—Jones came and spoke to roe, and the officer took me—the prosecutor said that he aw Jones pick his pocket, and give the handkerchief to the little boy—he did not want to give charge of us two—he stated before the Magistrate that he saw the little boy run off with the handkerchief in his hand, and then he had it altered, and said he saw him run away.





ISAAC COOKE

re-examined. I did not say I did not want to give them in charge—I said one was the thief, and the other two were the receivers, and they were all in the gang.
(Seal received a good character.)

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20

OSBORNE*—


GUILTY
. Aged. 18





Transported for Seven Years.


SEAL—


GUILTY
. Aged 18—Recommended to mercy.






Confined Three Months; Three Weeks Solitary.

