





586. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FRANCIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, 5 live tame fowls, price 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Weatherley
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WEATHERLEY
               



            . I live at Ealing


; my mother's name is Frances - she is a widow, and keeps a number of fowls
; I missed four hensand one cock, which were safe on the 9th of February - I do not know the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS RICHARDS
               



             (Police-constable T 26.) I saw the prisoner at a public-house at Ealing, on the Sunday morning, at two o'clock; I afterwards met him near Tomkin's garden, which is about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutrix's; he then had a bundle - I turned my light on him, and he ran into Tomkins' stable, and was making towards the hay-loft - I took him before he got there, and my brother officer produced this bundle, with four hens and one cock in it, in a smock-frock, which I had seen on the prisoner at two o'clock that morning, and several times before.
Prisoner. What I carried was a bag of nuts, and he never turned his light until he got into the stable. Witness. He had a bag of nuts besides the bundle; I turned on my light four hundred yards before he got to the stable; he jumped over the ditch and got into the stable.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



             (Police-constable T 36) I searched the stable, and found this smock-frock, two cloths, and a handkerchief - the five fowls were dead, and tied up in this smock-frock; they were taken to Mrs. Weatherley's and owned, but the Magistrate ordered them to be given up.


                  HENRY 
                  WEATHERLEY
               



            . I saw the fowls, and know they were my mother's.
Prisoner. I am quite innocent; the smock-frock I know nothing about - I had leave of the ostler to sleep in the stable.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS RICHARDS
               



            . I can swear to the smockfrock, I had seen him wearing it at two o'clock, when he was turned out of the Green Man - It was about half-past three when I took him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
