





331. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of December
, 1 printed bound book, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Joseph
                  




               
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  DAVID 
                  SOLOMONS
               



            . I am assistant beadle at the new synagogue, Leadenhall-street


. On the 22nd of December, by direction, I watched at the synagogue; I had seen the prisoner there very often before; there are seats appropriated to subscribers, and there are lockers, in which theykeep their books of service - they have locks and keys to them; the prisoner was not a subscriber - I saw him there between three and four o'clock, at the evening service, while the service was going on; I observed him particularly, as he was moving about from one part to the other during service - I had before that missed property from the synagogue; I moved away from one place, and stood at the bar, where I could observe him and be screened from his observation - having observed him shifting about I went up and asked what he had been about; he answered, Nothing - I said, "You have been doing something;" he said he had not - I felt in his bosom, and thought I felt a book; I opened his waistcoat, and found this prayer-book in his bosom - I could not have seen it without opening his waistcoat: I caught hold of him, and brought him out - he began to squall out: it was during the service - I took him out, kept him till the service was over, and while I was holding him, he said, "I hope you will forgive me;" I told him I could not forgive him, for the property did not belong to me - I did not hold out either threat or promise to him: I asked if he could show me the seat he took the book from - he said he could; he went with me, and showed me a seat belonging to Samuel Joseph - the locker was open; I am certain he asked forgiveness; I knew him attending there as a Jew.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. This book is one volume of several? A. It is one of two volumes; I cannot say whether 5s. is a high price for it - the synagogue is open to all Jews - we never refuse a respectable person a seat if they are not subscribers; I cannot say how often the prisoner has been there - I have seen him several times; I am not always there - we do not usually carry these prayer-books in the bosom, but on our arms; it is not usual to put them under our coats - the prisoner is a foreigner, and has been six years in this country; I am sure he did not say he had taken the book by mistake for his own.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it after he asked forgiveness that he pointed out where he took it from? A. Yes - strangers are admitted to the seats by permission of the subscribers.


                  HENRY 
                  LAZARUS
               



            . I am beadle of the synagogue -I was not there on that day; I saw the prisoner after he was taken by Solomons, who charged him with taking the prayer-book - he begged of me for mercy, and said he would never do any thing of the kind any more, he only did it on account of having lost a book belonging to somebody, and took that to replace it - the book was afterwards shown to Mr. Joseph.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell the Lord Mayor the prisoner asked for mercy? A. No, I was not examined.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JOSEPH
               



            . I am an orange-merchant
; my father is a subscriber to the synagogue - his name is Joseph Joseph. I believe this book to be mine, but there are hundreds and thousands like it; my father has a seat in the synagogue - there is a place for the books, but it has no lock to it.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you been acquainted any time with the prisoner? A. I am not acquainted with him - I have seen him about out market with a board of cakes; I cannot form any idea of the value of this volume- will not swear it is, or is not worth 2s. 6d.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you buy the books yourself? A. I bought two of them three years ago; I gave 25s. for the two volumes.
COURT. Q. Had you such a prayer-book in your father's seat? A. I had two of them; mine was like this, but I have seen more like it - there was another like it in my seat; I miss a book like this, and believe this to be the book; only one is missing - I did not swear before the Lord Mayor that it was worth 5s.; (looking at his deposition) - this is my hand-writing; I can sign my name, but cannot read - I believe this was read to me before I signed it, but I forget, upon my honour.
Q. It says, "Informant saith this said book of prayers is his property, and of the, value of 5s." A. That was written before I attended the Lord Mayor - I recollect it being read over to me; I swore I believed it was my book, and might have said it was worth 5s., I forget - I cannot read, and cannot do any writing but my name; I swore before the Lord Mayor that I believed it to be mine - I did not swear positively to it; I told the Lord Mayor my mark was not in it, and I would not take it upon me - I said I would not swear further than my belief; I have a doubt so far as that there are many thousands like it - I have another like it: it is bound the same way as mine - I could produce more like it out of my seat now; there were only two of this sort in the seat on the 22nd of December - I was not there that day; I was sent for the same night, and saw it - the beadle, at the time, said, "Perhaps he took it out of another seat, you had better go round and ask the gentlemen if they miss one;" one was missing from my father's box, and when it was shown to me I said I believed it to be mine - I told the attorney for the elders I believed it to be mine; I swear I did not say it was mine, without saying any thing of my belief.


                  DAVID 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . I showed Joseph the book, and he said it was his book, not that he believed it to be.


                  HENRY 
                  LAZARUS
               



            . The prisoner was present, up in the vestry, when Joseph saw the book - he said he had got the fellow one, and said, "This is for the new year;" he said it was his book.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JOSEPH
               



            . The gentleman says I was sent for to the vestry-room, it is false - I was never in the room; my brother was sent for - I did not say, in the prisoner's hearing, that the book was mine.
HENRY LAZARUS. I did not swear this was the person; it was his brother - but before the Lord Mayor he said it was his.


                  ELIAS 
                  ISAACS
               



            . I am solicitor for the elders. I remember the witness, Joseph, being examined before the Lord Mayor, his brother was also there - I saw Joseph himself sworn; what he swore was read over to him - this book was produced, and shown to him.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you act as solicitor is it usual to become a witness? A. No, unless I know any fact connected with the case.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARDING
               



            . I am a constable of Aldgate ward. The prisoner was brought to St. Catherine's, Cree church watch-house on the 22nd of December - I found 5s. in silver and 2s. 8 1/2d. in copper on him, and two pawnbroker's duplicates.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
