




2008. 




GEORGE TURNER
 and 




EDWARD-FLEETWOOD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of July, 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 



Samuel Medley, from his person; and that the said Edward Fleetwood had been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL MEDLEY
. I was in High-street, Southwark, on the 21st of July, about eight o'clock in the evening—the office spoke to me, and I missed a handkerchief from my pocket—this is it—it is marked.





JAMES ANDREWS
 (police-constable M 45.) I was on duty near St. George's church, and saw the two prisoners—I watched them, and saw them follow a gentleman as far as St. Thomas's street—Turner attempted a gentleman's pocket, but did not take any thing—they them crossed, and followed the prosecutor, who was walking with two other people—Turner took this handkerchief and gave it to Fleetwood—they crossed over to where I was—I took them, and Fleetwood threw down the handkerchief.

Tuner. I was thirty yards from this young man when he took him, and then a butcher took me—it was dark, he could not see me. Witness. it was half-past eight o'clock when I first saw them—it was nearly nine when this happened.





JAMES SOUNDY
 (City police constable No. 53) I produce certificate of the conviction of Fleetwood, by the name of George Watkins, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read)—the prisoner is the person.

Fleetwood. This young man is quite innocent—the person that was with me is not here—he was a good deal like Turner.

James Andrews re-examined. Q. Have you the slightest doubt that Turner is the man that put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and took the handkerchief? A. I am quite positive he is.

Turner's Defence. I was walking home—if I had known I had stolen

a handkerchief, I would have run away, but the officer passed by me and took Fleetwood—I never was charged with such a thing in my life—I work hard for my living—I had been down to Mr. Blackbird, a pastry-cook, and was returning home.

TURNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20—



Confined Nine Months.

FLEETWOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 19—


Transported For Fourteen Years.
