






1377. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PATTEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LEYLAND
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 16s.; and 1 watch-key, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Seaman
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS SEAMAN. I am a letter-carrier, to the Two-penny Post-office
, on the 29th of August, I was in Tabernacle-square


, between nine and ten o'clock, I was intoxicated and did not know what I was about - I had a silver watch with me, with a gold key, and seal.


                  JAMES 
                  MIELL
               



            . I am acquainted with the prosecutor, I met him that night, he was drunk, there was a mob of forty or fifty people in Tabernacle-square, he was obstinate and would go into the mob - the two prisoners were there close to each other; they endeavoured to pick a quarrel with the prosecutor - I got him out of the mob, and on towards Old-street - he had his watch at that time, the two prisoners followed us, and Patten ran against the prosecutor's shoulder, and pulled the watch out of his pocket - the other prisoner was close to him - I took Patten by the collar - the policeman came up and I gave them both in charge - the watch has not been found, there was still some persons about - I positively swear I saw Patten take the watch.
Patten. How do you know the prosecutor had a watch? Witness. I saw it, and saw you draw it from him; I cannot tell what you did with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLLAND
               



             (police-constable N 146). About eleven o'clock at night, I heard of a robbery, and went out, and saw Miell with the prisoner Patten, I took him, and he proved to be the person I was looking after for another robbery, but the parties would not prosecute - Miell had been drinking a little.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MEDLICOTT
               



            . I am an officer. I took Leyland.
Patten's Defence. I had been on an errand to Chiswell-street, I was coming home through Tabernacle-square, and the witness charged me with this.
PATTEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
LEYLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
