







First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
918. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     KEY
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .


                     JOHN WILLIAM 
                     HUBBARD
                  





               
            . I am a tobacconist
, and live in Barbican. The prisoner has been seven years in my employ; it was his duty to account to me for what he received every night, if he came home in time, and if not he should give it to me early next day - it has sometimes gone on for three days. On the 15th of February he accounted to me for money received from Mrs. Jones, but it was for goods delivered in January - she lives in Lordship-row, Stoke Newlington



, and had goods amounting to 2l. 15s. 5d. in February. for which he never accounted - Hillery had goods in February, amounting to 6s. 10d. and 5s. 10d.


                  FANNY 
                  JONES
               



            . I live at Stoke Newington, and buy tobacco of Mr. Hubbard - I always pay for it on delivery. On the 14th of February the prisoner delivered me goods, amounting to 1l. 14s. 11d. which I paid him - he wrote this receipt in my presence; and on the 28th of February I paid him 1l. 0s. 6d.; here is his receipt - Mr. Hubbard called in a week or ten days, and asked what I owed him; I told him nothing.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Do you always pay on delivery? A. Yes, except once, about twelve months ago, when I was ill - I did not then request him to pay his master for me; I paid him at the next delivery.


                  THOMAS 
                  HILLERY
               



            . I live in Barnsbury-row, White Conduit-fields, and manage the business for my mother, who deals with Mr. Hubbard. On the 28th of February the prisoner brought goods, which came to 6s. 10d.; I paid him for them, and took this receipt - (read.)
Cross-examined. Q. Have you often paid him money? A. Not very often; I received goods from him without paying.
MR. HURBARD. The prisoner has never paid me these sums; I am the person he should account to.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe he boarded and lodged with you? A. Yes - I allowed him 5s. a week besides; he was to find his clothes and washing - I never charged him with being deficient in his accounts, and afterwards found I was mistaken; I once gave him time to pay a sovereign, which he said he had lost - he never paid me money in advance for customers; I did not promise to give him time to make up these sums - he was apprehended on the 2nd of March; I settled with him on the 1st of March - I call over from the book the names of persons he has been to, and he states what he has received; when he came home on the 14th of February he said Mrs. Jones could not pay.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, charged with embezzlement; he said if he was allowed time he would pay up what he had spent of the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
919. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  KEY
               



             was again 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .
MR. HUBBARD. Mr. Allcroft owed me 22s. for goods delivered by the prisoner, on the 11th of February - the prisoner never accounted to me for that.


                  JAMES 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Allcroft, who keeps the sign of the King of Denmark, in the Old Bailey



, and dealt with Hubbard. On the 11th of February I received some tobacco, and paid the person, who I believe was the prisoner; I took a receipt for it, which I saw him write.
MR. HUBBARD. I sent the prisoner with these goods, and this bill is in my hand-writing - the receipt is in the prisoner's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
The prosecutor stated his loss at 13l. 6s. 4d.
