



1804. 




DAVID GOODMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of July, 30lbs. of leather, value 30s., the goods of 



Harriet Thwaites.






HARRIET THWAITES
. I live in Plumber-street, City-road, and am a window. The prisoner was employed by me at his own house—I had given him this leather at different times to make shoes—I did not ask him for the shoes or the leather—I used to give him two dozen, and then he would bring in perhaps half of them, and he has cabbaged the leather—this is my leather, and ought to have been made into shoes—I was nearly losing my work from my master.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. You said you gave out large quantities of leather? A. Yes: perhaps two dozen pair—it was cut out in the pieces—this is sole-leather—there is no overplus, if the men do me justice—the corners are of no use to any one—five soles are to be made out of one piece—I never heard of perquisites of whole soles, only of the cabbage—I do not know that these men insist upon these perquisites as their right—the prisoner's general work was a dozen a day, sometimes sixteen—these are cut for soles—some of them might have been worked up and returned to me, but not those which he offered for sale—I should. not have been satisfied if he had returned the number given him, if the work was made inferior—he of course returned the same number that I delivered to him, but in a very improper state—if he wets the leather, and beats it out till it is as thin as a sixpence, that must spoil the work—I believe he had worked for Mr. Thompson in Cheapside—these were giren to the prisoner to make at his own house.

COURT. Q. Is that your leather? A. Yes: he had no right to pawn or sell it.





WILLIAM SIMS
. I live in Glovers'-hall-court, and am a shoemaker. These leathers were offered for sale to me by the prisoner—they are worth 2l.—some of them he offered at 2d. a pound, some 3d.; which would bring it to 8s.—I went for and officer, and had him taken—he said he worked for Mr. King, St. John-street.
(Solomon Jefferus, a master shoemaker, of No. 4, Craven-buildings, City-road; W. West, shoemaker: John Matthews, umbrella-maker, of Macclesfiedld-street; and John Anderson. journeyman shoemaker, gave the jprisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
