





1650. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FORRESTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, 1 pair of trousers, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; 1 gold ring, value 5s., and 2 sovereigns
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Welsford
                  




               
            .
JOHN WELSFORD. I lodge in Rupert-street


 - the prisoner slept in the same bed with me for one week - another man slept in another bed in the room. On Wednesday night I saw all my property safe in my box, at the foot of the bed; I went out about six o'clock in the morning, returned about nine, and missed this property - the box had been forced open; one sovereign was a dark colour, and had not the George and dragon on it - the other had, and was disfigured on the edge; I had looked at it, thinking it was not good - (looking at two sovereigns) this one I can swear to; I have not found my clothes.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Do many persons lodge in the house? A. Three besides the prisoner - the room door was not kept locked; the other lodgers were not in the habit of coming home till night - I went out first in the morning; I saw the things there at night, but not the sovereigns - I had put them into the trunk on Monday.


                  MARK 
                  MERRITT
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner about twelve o'clock that day, and got these two sovereigns from him, and 15s.


                  JOHN 
                  WELSFORD
               



            . I know this to be one of the sovereigns which was in my box, by this mark at the edge; I had looked at it particularly, and being a gilder by trade, I thought it was a gilt one - I can swear the other sovereign was a darker colour, and had not the George and dragon; this is one of that description, but I will not swear to this.


                  JOHN 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I slept in the same room with the prosecutor; the prisoner and the landlord's son slept in the same room - I got up at a quarter to seven o'clock that morning; the landlord's son got up at the same time - we left the prisoner in bed; there was then a basket on the prosecutor's trunk, and nothing seemed to be out of its place.
REBECCA SNELL. I keep the house. Welsford came down about a quarter past six o'clock that morning; Chapman and my son came down together at a quarter to seven - the prisoner did not come down till a few minutes after eight, but I had heard him about for an hour before; there had been no one else in the house, but myself and my husband - I am quite sure nobody went up stairs nor came down till the prisoner came down; I went up to make the beds about half an hour after he left, and am certain nobody had been in the house - when I went up I saw the basket on the floor, and the lock hanging to the box; my house stands back in a yard, and consists of three rooms, one above the other - there is no passage; the stairs come down into the room which I was in that morning - I was ironing, and never left the room; I sent for the prosecutor, who came home and discovered his loss - I did not leave the house till he came home; I went to several pawnbrokers, and while there the prisoner came into one, and was taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you let lodgings by the night? A. No, none are less than weekly lodgers; the prisoner came on the 22nd of June - when he came down he said,"My week's rent is up to-day?" I said, "No, not till tomorrow;" he just spoke as he went through, but did not stop - he must have had the property about him then, but I was busy; he had no bundle.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
