



1212. 




MARTHA EDGECOMB
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a counterfeit shilling to 



Mary Gray, well knowing it to be counterfeit, she having been previously convicted as an utterer of base coin.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB. EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Martha Edgecomb at the Central Criminal Court, in the february session, 1836, for uttering counterfeit silver—I have examined it With the original record in Mr. Clark's office, and it is a true copy—(read)





FRANCIS COOK
. I am a policeman. I was a wittness at the trial of the prisoner in February, 1836, in this or the other court for uttering a counterfeit shilling—she was sentenced to twelve months imprisonment I know she is the person—I had apprehended her.





MARY GEAT
. I am the wife of Charles Gray, a tobacconist, in Foley-place; we sell beer also. On the 27th of April the prisoner came and asked for half-a-pint of beer—I supplied her with it, and she gave me a stalling—I gave it to my husband, swing it was bad, and he detained her.

Prisoner. She put it into the till and was rattling about for change. Witness. I did not put it into the till at all—I weighed it in a scale at the counter, and gave it to my husband—I weighed it against another shilling, which I took out of the till, but I am certain I did not out of never went out of my hand till I put it into the scale, it was before. my sight—I weighed it because I was not sure that was bad—it was before saw it to my husband—the good one was the heaviest—I put that into Prisoner. After giving it to her husband he called several people out of the tap-room, and gave it into their hands to look at. Wittness. He did not.





CHAKLE, GRAY
. I am the husband of the last witness. On the 27th of April, I saw the prisoner in my shop—my wife said to me in her presence, "Here is a bad shilling"—she gave it to me, and said she got it from the prisoner—I told her I should give her in charge—I kept the shilling in my hand till the policeman came, and gave it to him—he came up to the door just at the moment—I did not hand it to any one till I gave it to him—I am policeman. I went to Gray's shop to take the her—it came to three-halfpence farthing—she gave me half-a-crown—I thought it was bad, and did not give her change—I kept it in my hand my mother came and gave it to her—I am sure I gave my mother the same half-crown as the prisoner gave me.





MAEIA CLARK
. I am the mother of the last witness. she gave me a half-crown—I looked at it and told the prisoner it was a bad one—she said she did not know it—shew as sorry for it, and if I would give it to her again, her husband was at the bottom of the street, and she would get another—I did not allow her to have it, but sent for a policeman and gave her in charge—I gave him the half-crown.





JOEL HOLLOW AY
 (police-constable E 142.) I went to Mr. Clark's shop on the 7th of April, and found the prisoner there—I received this bad half-crown

from Mr. Clarke—I am sure it is the same—the prisoner was discharged on that occasion.

MR. FIELD. This half-crown and this shilling are both counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
