





3411. 




JOHN YATES,



 MATTHEW WOOD FRANKLIN
, and 




MARY ANN SMITH
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of October, 1 handkerchief value 1s., the goods of a man whose name is unknown, from his person.






CHARLES THORPE
 I am a patrol of Farringdon Without. I was in Fleet-street, on the 26th of October, at eight o'clock in the evening, and saw the three prisoners arm-in-arm—I knew them before—I watched them for about five minutes and saw them attempt several gentleman's pockets as

they walked along, Franklin in particular—I followed them to Ludgatehill—they there attempted a gentleman's pocket, but he turned into a house, and they were disappointed—they then turned back, and when they got on to the Kings and Keys, Yates partly took this handkerchief from a short gentleman's pocket, and when they got further on, Franklin took it quite out, and gave it to Smith—I seized them—Smith dropped it from under her shawl, and Franklin tried to put it down a grating with his feet.

Yates. I did not have it at all—if I did, why did not you seize me?

Witness. Yes, you drew it half out—I did not take you, because I was waiting to see which took it.





THOMAS KELLY
. I am a watchman of St. Bride's. I was with Thorpe, and saw these prisoners at the end of Black Horse-court, Fleet-street—they crossed, following a gentleman to Ludgate-hill—they were disappointed—they then turned, and followed a gentleman up Fleet-street—Yates attempted to draw the handkerchief—the gentleman turned and put his hand to his pocket—Yates then gave it up—Franklin and Smith were arm in arm—Franklin then left Smith; and when they got a little further, Franklin took it quite out, and gave it to Smith—I followed the gentleman and asked him if he had lost any thing?—he returned about ten or a dozen yards—I then went to capture Yates, who ran across Fleet-street to the end of Water-lane, and then the gentleman was gone—he had said it was his handkerchief, but he did not come to the watch-house.

Franklin. Q. How was it you were able to go after the gentleman, and yet take this prisoner? A. I just spoke to the gentleman, and then ran and took Yates.

Franklin. He was gone five minutes. Witness. No, it was done momentarily.

Smith, to
CHARLES THORPE. Q. Did you see me drop the handkerchief? A. Yes—I put my right foot on it, and kept it there till I got assistance to take them—I pushed them both against the railing, but I saw the handkerchief full from her.

Smith. I was by the curb, and this young man was against the rails—I was not near them—you dragged me to the railing, and then the handkerchief was on the railing—I never had it.

YATES—


GUILTY
 Aged 25.

FRANKLIN—


GUILTY
 Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 18—



Confined Six Months; Three Weeks Solitary.
