



1761. 




JAMES WELLESLEY
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Simpson, at 
Lambeth, about two in the night of the 
27th of June, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., his goods.






JOHN SIMPSON
. I am a watchman to Mr. Field, at Upper Marsh, and live in the parish of Lambeth—it is a house let out in apartments—I live on the ground—floor. On the 27th of June, I left it at ten o'clock at night, and fastened it all up safe—the windows and all were fast, and the door double locked—I took the key with me and went to Mr. Field's premises to watch—I returned about two o'clock, as I was fetched—I found the panels of the door broken in—my trunk was open, and my clothes all lying in different places—I cannot say whether I had left the trunk locked or not—I lost a promissory note for £31. 9s., which I have never got, and a silk handkerchief—I know nothing of the prisoner.





SARAH PINDER
. I live in Brook's—court, Upper Marsh, and occupy the first-floor of the same house as the prosecutor. About two o'clock on the morning of the Coronation day, I was not in bed, I heard a great noise in the passage—I opened my door and asked if anybody was there—nobody answered—I had my candle in my hand—I went down and found the street-door wide open, and saw the panel broken in by the side of the wainscot of the prosecutor's room—the street-door is locked up at ten o'clock at night—not left on the latch—I put my head into the panel of the wainscot, where they had broken in, and inquired if anybody was there—nobody answered—I went to the steps of the door and called out "Watch, and "Police," and the prisoner was the first who jumped through the broken panel—I had seen him once or twice before, going up to a person who lived on the second-floor—there were two men in the prosecutor's room—the other escaped—I am sure the prisoner was the first who came

through the panel—I swear it positively—I had seen four or five of them thinking about the house before.

Cross-examined by
MR. KEENE. Q.? Did you see any other person with the prisoner? A. I cannot swear to the other; there was another followed after him, who tried to strike me by the side of the head; but I received it on the shoulder: they both escaped and ran up the court—I on the step of the door when he struck me—I work at embroidery, and up late—the street-door is always on the latch—I first stated the prioner to be the man when I went to Union-hall—a female was taken, who was in company with the young man—I did not give another boy in charge I knew the prisoner before.





BENJAMIN WILLMORE
. I am a private watchman in the neighbourhood, and live in the court. On the night of the 27th, I was on duty from twelve o'clock till six in the morning—I heard the alarm given, and pursued one person, but could not see which way he turned out of the court—I saw the prisoner and three other persons along with a female, from half-past one o'clock till after two, loitering about the door—the female lodged in the upper part of the house, and I considered that he had come home with her—the prisoner stood on the threshold of the door, when I passed several times.





THOMAS WILLIAM REDFORD
. I am a policeman. I had information of this, and went in search of the prisoner, who was described to me—I apprehended him on Sunday, the 1st of July, in Windmill-street, New-cut—when I took him, he flung himself up, and made a most desperate I draggle to get away—I was obliged to send for more assistance—I got him down on the ground—he said, "What do you want me for?"—I said, "Forbreaking into a house in Upper Marsh"—he said, "I shall not go I with you"—I said he should—he struggled Tery halrd all the way to the station-house, and when he got there, he said, "This is a capital offence, is it not?—I said I believed it was—he said, "Then I am very sorry for it; if I can only get over this, I shall turn a very different life altogether." 


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
