





298. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEWIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, 2 half-crowns, and 7 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN WILSON. I am a sailor
, and live in Sophia-street, Poplar. On the Monday before the 30th of December, I was at a public-house, near Ratcliff-highway


 - I had been drinking, but was very sensible; I drank with a man at the public-house, and when I went out he followed me - I asked if he could tell me of a night's lodging; he said, "You have no money to pay for a lodging;" I said I had; I put my hand into my pocket, and took my money out - there might be 12s. or more; I showed it him - he took hold of the money, and was going to knock me down with his fist; he ran off directly - my hat was down, and I took it up; the officer then brought the man back to me, and overhauled his right-hand pocket - while he was doing so the man put his hand into his left-hand pocket, took out some money, and threw it away; I had not observed which pocket he had put the money into, which he took from me - I am almost sure the man who was brought back was the same man who took mymoney; I was looking at him while he was getting over the wall - I am almost sure he was the man I had been drinking with.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was in Broad-street, Ratcliff - I heard the noise of a blow on a hat, and ran up; I saw the prosecutor, and the prisoner had just cut across the street - I have not the least doubt but that he was the man who had left the prosecutor; the prosecutor complained of being robbed, and I pursued the prisoner over some iron rails, and saw him getting over a wall which separates Mr. Walton's house from other premises; I got on the rails, and pursued him along the top of the wall - I took him in the act of dropping down from the wall; I had not lost sight of him - I took him to the prosecutor, who said, "That is the scoundrel who has robbed me;" the prisoner made answer, "Though you treated me, you can't say that I put my hand into your pocket;" the prosecutor said he had lost some silver - the prisoner put his right hand into his trouser's pocket; I took hold of that hand, and searched his right-hand pocket - while doing so, he threw with his left-hand some pieces of silver over my shoulder; I think seven or eight pieces - I aprang my rattle, and he was taken to the station; I found 2s. 3d. in his right-hand pocket - I returned to the spot with a light, but only found a shilling; the snow had fallen in the meantime - the prisoner gave me his direction at No. 3, Salmon-lane; I went there, and found five Nos. 3, but he did not live there.
Prisoner. The prosecutor gave me the money - he counted it into my hand under the lamp, and told me to go and get a lodging and a woman for him.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . No, I did not.
Prisoner. You did, as I am a living man.
COURT. Q. Are you sure you did not? A. Yes, and I am sure the person who took my money struck at my hat.
Prisoner's Defence. I worked at Mr. Richardson's dock-yard; I drew 2s. that night, and 2s. I had in my pocket; I fell in with this man - he asked me to go and have supper - he took me to a cook shop, and called for two 4d. plates of meat and a pot of beer; when we went out he gave me 5s. and three sixpences into my hand - he told me to go and get a lodging and a woman for him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
