



544. 




BENJAMIN MILLER
 was indicted

for stealing on the 
8th of January, 1 pocket-hook, value 1s., and 19 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



William James Mitchell from his person.






WILLIAM JAMES MITCHELL
. I am a licensed victualler, and keep the John Bull at Old Ford. On the 18th of January the prisoner whom I had never seen before to my knowledge, came about three o'clock in the afternoon with another person—they staid till nearly ten o'clock—I had my supper, and then came into my bar parlour—the prisoner and the other person had some gin and water, some bread and cheese and half-and-half—I was sitting by the side of the prisoner—I cannot say he was drunk—I felt my pocket-book go from me—the prisoner got up—I followed him—I said, "You d-d rouge. you have got my pocket book"-and I immediately collared him—he drew it from his person and dropped it on the seat in the pocket of the tail of my coat—I gave him and his companion both inner custody—they were both fully committed but the Grand Jury have thrown out the bill against the other this is the pocket-book.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Which pocket was it in? A. The under flap of the tail of the coat—down the coat—a deep pocket it is impossible for it to have fallen out, because the book could not have slipped behind the prisoner—he must have passed me to have gone out for if he had gone out at the other end of the form, he would have had to go all round the table and past five or six others—there were seven or eight at the table—I was on his right hand—it was much easier for him to pass me.

COURT. Q. Was he sitting near you? A. Yes next to me—he got

up and asked me to let him pass—I got up and stopped him and said "You have stolen my book"—I know he dropped it.





HENRY VINCENT GARMAN
. I am a surgeon and apothecary. I was at the prosecutor's house that evening reading the paper, by the fire—I all at once heard a bustle, and an exclamation from Mitchell, "You d----d rogue," or something, "you have got my pocket-book"—I took about two strides and saw them struggling and Mitchell with his fist up—I said, "Take care what you are about; you are in a country where justice is to be administered; don't take the law into your own hands; allow me to interfere"—I saw the prisoner put his hand behind him, and the book fell from his hips on the benches him—the other witness took the book up and gave it to me.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he not struck in the face? A. He was; and he might have put his hand to his pocket to get his handkerchief.





CHARLES EADY
. I was there and saw the prisoner drop the book.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it—the landlord struck me, and gave me a black eye.
(Thomas Green, a publican, of Charles-street, Commercial-road; William Rayner, of Whitechapel-road; and Mr. Phipps, of Charles-street; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 21.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor.—


Transported for Seven Years.
