





1502. 




JAMES NOEL
 and 




WILLIAM FAIRCLOTH
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
23rd of May, 50 yards of canvas, value 28s., the goods of 



Henry Barking, and another, their masters; and 





JOHN MACKAY
alias
 John Ross

, was indicted for

feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES GILES
. I am in the employ of Messrs. M'Kenzie and Barling. On the 22d of May, an order came in for half a piece of canvas—Noel was warehouseman, and Faircloth was porter—I did not see the order given to Noel; he is generally in the warehouse—on the 23rd I saw Noel at his usual work—he brought down one piece of canvas from the canvas ware-house, between twelve and one o'clock—he placed it down against the door—I left directly afterwards—I do not know where Faircloth was then—I have not been back to work since—I never saw the piece of canvas till the officer brought it to me.





RICHARD GROOM
. I am shopman to the prosecutors. On the 23rd of May, between one and two o'clock, I was in the shop, when Faircloth was there—I saw him a quarter of an hour before he went through the shop, with a roll of canvas on his arm, with a rag thrown over it—I could see the back part of it—Noel was then up stairs in the warehouse—Borton is under-warehouseman—I had seen him ten minutes before—he was out.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it not Faircloth's duty to carry out parcels, when ordered by Noel, the head warehouseman? A. Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had Noel been in the prosecutor's employ? A. About nine years, and Faircloth about eight.

MR. DOANE. Q. On the same day, had you occasion to go to Aldersgate-street? A. Yes; to my dinner, about half-past three o'clock—I met Mackay, the prisoner, with a piece of canvas—in consequence of which I communicated something to my master—I afterwards went to the White Bear public-house, at the corner of Barbican—I found there a roll of canvas, left by a person of the name of Ross—it was the one that I suspected Faircloth took out, it was similar to that—and similar to the one I saw Mackay with in Aldersgate-street—I had seen Mackay and Noel together the day before, at the corner of Jewin-street.


MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What is Mackay? A. I do not know—I have been in the habit of seeing him walking up and down Aldersgate-street, in company with Noel—he is no acquaintance of mine—I have not spoken to him above twice before—that was about two months ago—he used to make moss, when I lived in the employ of Hutton and Lepine, in Newgate-street—I have spoken to him then—I might have said "Good morning," or something of that sort—it is about eighteen months ago since I lived there—I did not speak to him then above twice; but that was before any thing of this occurred—I do not keep these things in my mind—I will not swear I have not seen him half a dozen times, when he came to Hutton and Lepine's to sell goods.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How many persons are there in your employ beside the prisoner, yourself, and a boy? A. There are three male hands at the present time—there were two on that day—I was behind the counter, when I saw Faircloth pass through with the canvas—there was a lady and gentleman in the shop at the time, whom I was serving, but no other person belonging to my master was there—I will not swear this is the piece I saw Faircloth with.

Mackay. Q. Did you know I served your shop? A. Yes; I knew your name was John Mackay—the name you went by was Ross—I suspected you to have goods that were stolen—I did not stop you, because I went to my employers, and told them I knew you—I could always find you.





THOMAS BORTON
. I am under-warehouseman to M'Kenzie and Barling. I recollect this piece of canvas—it has my own mark on it—I cannot say that it has never been sold—I cannot remember when I saw it last—on Saturday, the 23rd, Noel requested me to carry a small parcel to St. Paul's Church-yard—Noel and Faircloth were both in the shop then—it was between twenty and twenty-five minutes to two o'clock—they were together in the warehouse—it was not my duty, but Faircloth's, to carry out parcels—Noel was my superior, therefore I complied with his request—on Saturday afternoon, I saw Faircloth, about five minutes to two o'clock, with a bag under his arm, in Newgate-street, on my return from St. Paul's Church-yard.

COURT. Q. Do you send parcels from your house without their being directed? A. No; This parcel is not directed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q, How much canvas of that description do you suppose there was in the shop and warehouse? A. A great quantity; between 100 and 200 pieces—I know this piece has not been sold, or it would have been cut—I cannot swear it has never been sold—we sell a great quantity of canvas in pieces and half-pieces—we sell perhaps about 300 or 400 pieces in a year—this has been about half a year in the house—there were about 100 or 200 pieces of the same kind—there have been about 100 pieces sold—I will not undertake to say that I had seen that individual piece for three months.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q, Was it any thing remarkable for you to be asked to carry a small parcel, if you were going on business? A. No; I had no business out that afternoon—I was not generally asked to go out—when I went out, I left Groom in the shop—when I saw Faircloth in the street, he had an empty bag—it was his duty to carry out parcels if directed—I can swear this was not directed.

MR. DOANE. Q, Is it usual for warehousemen to cut the pieces. A. Sometimes they did.





RICHARD GROOM

re-examined. When I saw Mackay in the shop with the

canvas, it was rolled up in that manner—I knew it was canvas, by its being rolled up and covered with brown paper—it was rolled as all the others are.





JAMES GILES

re-examined. The parcel that Noel brought down was like this.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q, Is it not all rolled up in this way? A. Yes—it was brought down before my face—I did not go to examine it in the shop, for it was not brought into the shop.





HENRY BARLING
. I am one of the partners in this firm. The prisoner Mackay married Mr. M'Kenzie's aunt—we have employed him in the buisness formerly—in consequence of some information from Groom, on Saturday, the 23rd, I spoke to Faircloth between four and five o'clock, just after Groom returned from dinner—Mr. M'Kenzie was present—I asked Faircloth where he was going with the parcel—he said, "To the Bell Inn, in Warwick-lane, with some old wrappers"—I asked who he gave them to, the clerk, or the porter?—he said he had thrown them into the warehouse—I went to the inn, and inquired of the clerk, and there had been no wrappers there—I then came back to Mr. M'Kenzie, and told Faircloth that it was untrue—that he had not been down to the Bell—I said, "Faircloth, you had better tell the truth, for I shall be able to find it out"—we had Noel up with him—he denied all that Faircloth had said—this piece contains fifty yards of two-quarters' linen canvas, and is worth 28s.—there is nothing in this book relating to the canvas—if it had been sold, it should have been ticked off—it has been ticked off, and then rubbed with the finger—it has not been sold.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many pieces of canvas of this width, and rolled up in this way, have you in your shop? A. We may have from twenty to thirty—I should be sorry to swear when I saw this piece in our stock—we take stock but once a year—the warehouseman generally takes an account of what goods Come in—I cannot swear that this had not been sold.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q, Would Faircloth have any means of knowing whether goods had been sold? A. Only by the invoice—he had no access to the books—he is a man of weak intellect—he has had an injury in the head—he can eat, and drink, and read.





HENRY HART
. I am bar-man at the Mourning Bush Tavern, in Aldersgate-street. On the 23rd of May, this piece of canvass was brought there by Faircloth, about two o'clock—he asked me to take care of it for Mr. Ross, who would call for it—the prisoner Mackay, whom I had known by that name, came for it at nearly three o'clock—I told him there was a parcel for him, and he took it away.





JANE CASTLE
. I am daughter-in-law to Mr. Summerland, who keeps the White. Bear, in Barbican. On the 23rd of May, Mackay brought this parcel there—it was between four and five o'clock—he wished me to let him leave it for a short time—I kept it till Groom came with the officer.





WILLIAM ARNOLD
 (City police-Constable No, 70.) I received this parcel from Castle—I took all the prisoners into custody.
(William Stringer, a gun-maker, of Camden-town; Thomas Peck, an account-book-maker, and John Gaunt, a brass-turner, of Noble-street, deposed to Noel's previous good character. Saul Minshaw, a diamondseller, of Benjamin-street; Charles M'Crate, of Percival-street, Northampton-square; and William Paley, of Camberwell, to that of Faircloth.)

NOEL—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.

FAIRCLOTH—


GUILTY
. Aged 45. 




Transported for Seven Years.

ROSS—


GUILTY
. Aged 45.
