





268. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December
, 1 sovereign, and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Abel
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM ABEL. On the 12th of December I was in Hackney-road, Shoreditch


 - I saw the prisoner, who followed me, took my arm, and took me up a dark street; I was not sober, but I knew what passed - she asked me to give her sixpence, which I did; she put her arm round me, and I lost a sovereign and a half. which were in a piece of printed paper in my left-hand breeches pocket - I missed them in three or four minutes, or it might be ten minutes. I cannot say exactly; I followed after the prisoner directly -I told her she had robbed me, and I took her by the arm, called the Policeman, and gave her in charge; she denied it - I told the Policeman, in her presence, that she had taken a sovereign and a half of mine.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FEATHERSTONE
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner on the night in question; the prosecutor stated that he had lost a sovereign and half; I asked her what money she had in her pocket; she took out some halfpence and a sixpence, and said that was all she had about her I took her and searched her, and on unlacing her stays, a piece of paper dropped; I took it up, this is it - it is printed paper, and a sovereign and a half were in it.
Prisoner. I picked it up at my feet, wrapped up in the paper, I did not know what it was, but being distressed I put it inside my stays.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ABEL
               



             re-examined. Q. You say you were intoxicated; now were your clothes in such a state that this might have fallen from your breeches pocket on the ground? A. No, my Lord, my clothes were not down at all, and that pocket was not unbuttoned; I was not so intoxicated as to be uncertain about it; it was about one o'clock in the morning - I had been at work from the dinner time before; I am aware that this is a very serious charge, but it was not possible for me to have dropped it.
FRANCIS FEATHERSTONE. The prosecutor was a little in liquor, but he seemed quite collected, and walked pretty well; he was in a state to know what he was about.
JURY to W. ABEL. Q. Was your sixpence in the same pocket with the sovereign and a half? A. No, it was not, I am sure; I did not open that pocket at all - when I saw her, I put my hand into that pocket, felt the money safe, and buttoned it again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
