





637. 
               
                  PHILIP 
                  COLSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, 2 £5 bank notes
            , the monies of 
               
                  William 
                  Dunn
               




            .
WILLIAM DUNN. I live in Tooley-street, and am a seaman
. On Thursday evening, the 20th of March, I was at the Lion and Lamb at Hoxton - I was in liquor - I walked away towards Bishopsgate-street - I and my shipmate had a quarrel at the corner of Ashford-street - I walked away from him - a man came up to me, tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me about some vessel - he walked with me, and we had something to drink in Pitfield-street - we thenwent on towards Norton Falgate, went into another public-house, and had a pint of half-and-half - I had two £5 notes and some silver in my pocket - I had been paid that day - the man looked to me like a dyer - I do not see him here - he was with me about an hour, I should think: when we came out of that house the air took effect on me, as I had been smoking - I got to Bishopsgate-street, and then missed my two £5 notes, which must have been taken out of my pocket - they could not have got out - these are them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How do you know them? A. By taking the number of them - I was tipsy, and do not know the man who was in my company for an hour - the notes were in my inside waistcoat pocket, which was buttoned - I had not lost them when I was in the public-house - I was not so overcome then as I was when I got out - I felt them as I came out; and when I missed them my waistcoat was unbuttoned - I think I met the man about nine o'clock in the evening - I should think I was with him an hour - I quitted him a little after ten o'clock - whoever the man was, he must have been with me between half-past five and half-past ten o'clock.


                  GEORGE 
                  DYER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank. I have a £5 note, No. 9915, which was paid into the Bank by Prescott and Co.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOLLIS
               



            . I received this note from Thomas.


                  EDWARD 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am a carpenter. I paid this note to Hollis.


                  JOHN 
                  CARTER
               



            . I paid this note to Thomas - I received it from Hill.


                  HENRY 
                  HILL
               



            . I received the note from Tourill.


                  JAMES 
                  TOURILL
               



            . I paid this note to Hill - I got it from the prisoner - he called on me on the morning of the 21st of March - he owed me a few shillings; and said, if I would get him change, he would pay me - I got it changed by Mr. Hill - the prisoner is my brother-in-law - he had owed me some money for board and lodging.


                  JAMES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I received this other £5 note (No. 9914) from Mr. Leschallas.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LESCHALLAS
               



            . I received this note from Tourill - I gave him five sovereigns for it.
JAMES TOURILL. I received this note also from the prisoner on the evening of the 21st of March - when I returned home at eight or half-past eight o'clock, I found him at my house - he asked if I would get him change for another £5 note - I said I could not that night; he had better go to the Bank in the morning and get it changed - he said it would be doing him a great favour, and I got it changed at Mr. Leschallas.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Did he not tell you he had found these notes? A. Yes, in a street nearly opposite Shoreditch Church.


                  GEORGE 
                  AYLWYN
               



            . I am a friend of the prosecutor's, and saw the notes in his possession that night.
Prisoner's Defence. On that evening I went to see my father and sister in Margaret-street - I got there at half-past eight o'clock - I stopped there till late - I then went to the Antelope, and had a pint of beer - I returned home about one o'clock - I came along Hackney-road and Shoreditch - I stopped in William-street, and saw something on the ground - I took it up and put it into my pocket, and the next morning I found it was two half-crowns and two £5 notes - I got my brother-in-law to change the notes - the prosecutor said that the man who was with him was a stout man.
WILLIAM DUNN. I said I thought it was a stouter man; but the prisoner might have been with me afterwards - the prisoner said at Worship-street that there was nothing in the notes, and now he says there were two half-crowns.


                  EDWARD 
                  FILANG
               



             (police-constable H 87). I took the prisoner - he said he picked up the notes - the prosecutor asked him if there was any thing else, as he had lost a cigar-case, a handkerchief, and two half-crowns - the prisoner said that he found nothing but the two notes.


                  SUSAN 
                  COLSON
               



            . I reside with my father at No. 44, Margaret-street, Haggerstone


. On Thursday night, the 20th of March, the prisoner came there a little after eight o'clock, and he stayed till half-past eleven, or near twelve o'clock - he lives in Bethnal-green-road - my sister Mary Burgess was there, and my father; Mr. Sewell was there, when the prisoner came - Mr. Page also called, but he is out of town - I am sure the prisoner stayed there the whole evening.
COURT. Q. How do you happen to recollect so exactly about the hours that night? A. By the time-piece - we were all comfortable together - we had supper about nine o'clock - I believe we had bread and cheese - we supped in our own apartment - I cannot say what my sister had - Mr. Sewell supped with us - the prisoner was in my sister's apartment - I cannot say how long - he might be an hour, or not so long - my sister is married, and lives with her husband - I live with my father - the prisoner had nothing to eat with me - we had supper while the prisoner was in my sister's apartment - he might have been there half an hour - he and my sister then came in together, or a few minutes after one another - Mr. Sewell was in our room - we were playing at cards from about half-past nine till near twelve o'clock - Mr. Sewell and I played at all-fours - the prisoner and my sister were in and out of the room all the evening - they saw us play - my father was in bed - my aunt and uncle were there; but they did not see the prisoner in our room - their names are Hearn - they live in the house - my brother went into their apartment on the ground-floor, and then came up to our room - I heard the prisoner say he went to the Antelope, and the landlord recollects him being there; but he is not here - we had some porter after supper - there might have been a pot or three pints drank - my sister fetched some, and Mr. Sewell the rest - Mr. Sewell left at half-past eleven o'clock, and left the prisoner there - I recollect the clock striking twleve soon after the prisoner left.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEWELL
               



            . I am a dyer. I went to Susan Colson's that evening about half-past six o'clock - the prisoner came in between eight and half-past eight o'clock - I stayed there till half-past eleven o'clock - I left the prisoner there - I cannot recollect whether I had any thing to eat - I believe I had a drop of porter - I did not fetch any porter - I am quite sure of that - a person of the name of Page was there - I have known the prisoner twleve months- he bore an honest character - I believe he is a weaver by trade.

COURT. Q. What did the prisoner do when he came? A. He shook hands all round, and sat down - he remained in that room till I went away - there were eight persons in that room, the prisoner and I, Susan Colson, Mr. Burgess and Mrs. Burgess, Mr. and Mrs. Hearn, and Mr. Page - they were all there all the time I was there - I did not stop to supper - if there was any supper, it must have been after half-past eleven o'clock - there was porter drank, it went round - I am sure I fetched none - there were no cards - I did not play at cards.
( - 
               Hunt
            , a weaver, in Slater-street; 
               
                  Philip 
                  Moody
               



            , a silk-dyer, Goldsmith's-grove, Hackney-road; and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ball
               



            , silk-manufacturer, Anchor-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
