





Before Lord Chief Justice Tenterden.
715. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DOWNIE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January
, 1 time-piece, value 2l., and 1 coat, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        James Wells 
                        Taylor
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
AMELIA -. I am servant to Mr. James Wells Taylor, a solicitor
, of Great James-street


. On the 15th of January, about eight o'clock in the morning, the prisonerrang at the bell - I went to the door, and he asked me if Mr. Taylor was up; I told him No, and asked what he wanted - he said Mr. Carter wished to see Mr. Taylor as soon as he got up: he was to wait for an answer - I went and told Mr. Taylor, leaving the prisoner in the passage; Mr. Taylor said he did not know such a person - I came down, and asked him where Mr. Carter lived; I forget where he said - I went and told Mr. Taylor where he said Mr. Carter lived; I came down, and found the prisoner still in the passage, and asked him to walk into the office, and wait till Mr. Taylor came down; he did so - I went down, leaving him there: I heard Mr. Taylor come down in about a minute, it was a very short time - Mr. Taylor called me; I came up, found the street door open, and these things gone - I was down on the basement; Mr. Taylor said some things were gone - I went up to the office, and missed a great coat and a time-piece off the shelf - I had seen them safe when I showed him into the office; I saw the prisoner in custody at Marlborough-street on the 3rd of March, and am quite sure of him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. The man who called was a stranger to you? A. Yes, I never saw him before; I left him on the mat the first time, four or five yards from the office door - Mr. Taylor sleeps on the second floor; the coat was on a rail in the back office, which he was shown into - when I saw him at Marlborough-street he was brought out of the lock-up room to me alone, and I was asked if he was the man; I never said I only believed him to be the man - I am quite sure of him.


                  JAMES 
                  WELLS TAYLOR
               



            . I am a solicitor. On the 15th of January, about twenty minutes past eight o'clock, I was called down to a person - when I came down I went into the back office, and found nobody there; the street door was ajar - I missed a great coat and time-piece, which I had seen overnight; the time-piece was worth 1l., and the great coat 5l. - I had only worn it once: it cost more than 6l.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. I have a time-piece, which I found on the 6th of February, at a house belonging to Gast, a muffin-baker, in Hanway-street, Oxford-street - I was seeking for other property; the time-piece was delivered to me by Henry Taylor, who was in Gast's employ - he took it from under a counter or dough-bin, in the bakehouse; I took the prisoner in charge on the 25th of February.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you produce him to the prosecutor's servant? A. No - I do not know who did.
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord, I am as innocent as you are yourself; I worked with Mr. Brown, of Spitalfields, till the 1st of February - he has now gone to Manchester.




               GUILTY (of stealing, to the value of 55s. only.)
             Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
