



1484. 




MARY ANN PEARSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of May, 1 coat, value 2s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; 2 pair of spectacles, value 4s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; the goods of 




Stephen Spurgeon.






STEPHEN SPURGEON
. I am a dealer in straw-plait. On the 21st of May I came from Halstead in Essex—I got to town at half-past four o'clock in the morning—I came to sell some plait and get some more, and fell in with the prisoner at past twelve o'clock that night—I asked if she could tell me where I could get a bed for two or three hours, as I was too late for the waggon—she took me to a house, and said I should have a bed for 1s.—she got a light and showed me up-stairs on the first floor—she left me there five or six minutes—I pulled off my coat and waistcoat, and laid on the bed—she returned in a few minutes, and took the coat and waistcoat and the candle, and said she would take care of them in the room up-stairs, but instead of that I heard her go down, and followed he down into a room, where there were ten or twenty people—I asked them if they had seen her, and I would pay them if they would tell me where she was, but I could not find her till she was in the station-house, on the Sunday morning, the 22nd—it was on the Saturday night, the 21st, that I first saw her.





HENRY CATTON
 (police-constable H 60.) I was going up Wentworth-street, and saw the prisoner with something under her arm—I asked what

that was—she said what was that to me—I took her to the station-house, and found it was a coat and waistcoat—I gave information, and the prosecutor came to the station-house, and identified her and the property as his.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I met that man, he asked me if I had apartments of my own—I said, "Yes"—he treated me at the corner of Petticoat-lane, and asked me to take him home, and asked what was my compliment—I said, 5s., he said he would not mind 6s.—he gave me the coat and waistcoat—I had but a very small bit of candle—I went to get a candle, and I had the things on my arm, and the policeman took me—I offered to take him to where I got them, but he would not go.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
