





NEW COURT. - Saturday, April 12th.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
627. 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  BARLOW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 4 gowns, value 7s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 6 caps, value 18d.; 3 yards of lace, value 3s.; 2 pair of stockings, value 8d.; 1 shawl, value 6d.; 1 pair of stays, value 6d.; 1 pair of boots, value 6d.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 1 habit shirt, value 6d.; 1 book, value 1s.; and 1 box, value 6d.; the goods of 
                     
                        Margaret 
                        Rough
                     




                  , her mistress, and that she had been before convicted of felony
            .
MARGARET ROUGH. I live with my mother, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Rough
               



            , in Weymouth-terrace, Hackney


. The prisoner was my servant
 - on the 5th of March, which was our washing morning, I saw her about six o'clock - she afterwards left us without notice - I missed some of these articles that day, and the others I missed afterwards - these are the articles- they are mine - some of them had been in the bed-room, and some in the kitchen, ready to wash - I did not see her again until she was taken - I owe her a trifle of wages.


                  MARY 
                  WALKER
               



            . I live in Pelham-street. I know the prisoner - she came to me on the 6th of March, and asked me to let her lodge with me - she stayed that night, and in the morning she went out and brought in these articles - here is a gown, a pair of boots, a shawl, a pair of stays, and some stockings - she asked me to take care of them - I put them into my bottom drawer, and gave them to the officer when he came.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I live in Pelham-street. Onthe 6th of March, the prisoner brought me these three caps - she told me to wash them for her - I washed and ironed them - I gave them to the officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and received these articles.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  CHARLES 
                  EAST
               



             (police-constable H 33). I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from 
               Mr. Clark
             - I know the prisoner is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
