





71. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 1 gold pin, value 2s.; 1 scarf, value 18d., and 1 half handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gordon
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GORDON
               



            . I lodge in the same house with the prisoner, at No. 4, Wellington-buildings, Manor-street, Chelsea


 - I had the room up stairs, and he the room below; he went away about the 9th of September- I had missed this pin before he went, and asked him about it - he acknowledged it and gave me the duplicate; I never permitted him to take any of my property.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 31st of October - he acknowledged that he stole the scarf and half handkerchief.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLAY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in King's-road. I have a gold pin, pawned by the prisoner on the 7th of September, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Wild
               



            .
GEORGE AVIS. I have a certificate of the conviction of this prisoner, on the 30th of June, in the sixth year of his late Majesty's reign - he was ordered to be transported for seven years.


                  JAMES 
                  STANTON
               



            . I am a carver and gilder. The prisoner was my apprentice - he is the person tried here, and convicted of that felony; he had robbed me to a very great amount.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
