





149. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JAMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, 1 half-crown, and 9 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Edmund 
                           Clarke
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am a gentleman's coachman
. On the 25th of October, about two o'clock in the morning, I got out of a cab at my lodging in Adams-mews, Grosvenor-square


; I had been out with a friend, but I swear I was quite sober - the prisoner came and asked me to go with her: I stood talking with her for two or three minutes, but I would not go with her; I then went to undo my door, and missed 14s. or 15s., which had been in my right-hand breeches pocket; I had not felt her hand in my pocket, but she was taking liberties with my person - I knew my money had been safe not a minute before, when I had taken out a shilling to pay for the cab, and the moment she left I missed my money; I called the Policeman - he took her and charged her with taking the money; she denied it - she had been gone about ten minutes before she was taken, and had got into St. James'-street.


                  JOHN 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am an officer. I was coming along Charles-street, and the cab drove up at the end of the mews; the prosecutor got out, and this young woman went up to him - he was trying to get her away; she would not go, but kept hanging to him - he appeared quite sober, and when she was gone he said she had robbed him of his money - he told me the same story he has told here to-day; the prisoner had turned to the right when she left the mews -I followed, and took her by the Royal-hotel, in St. James'-street; she had her pocket off in her hand, but I found no money on her.
Prisoner's Defence. He stated that he went up stairs, took off his coat, and then missed the money; he came down, and thought he had dropped it - I know nothing of the money, and never saw it - I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.


                  JOHN 
                  WELLS
               



            . I know her as a girl of the town - she committed a felony a few nights before.




               Transported for Life
            .
