






223. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, 3 silver watch-cases, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Keat
                  




               
            , their master.


                  EDWARD 
                  KEAT
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and live in Banner-street. St. Luke's


 - the prisoners were in my employ. On the 19th of November I missed five watch-cases, which should have been in Taylor's hands, to be worked on in my shop; I asked Taylor, in Evans' presence, what had become of them - he told me they were not properly sprung, that the bowls were loose, and they were returned to Mr. Allen, from whom they had been received; I went to Allen, and not finding them, I returned - I told Taylor they were not at Allen's, and asked what had become of them; he then said he had given them to Evans to take home to his wife at dinner time, to instruct her to give them to Allen - Evans said he took them home, and was surprised his wife had not delivered them; I then went to Evans' house - they were not found there: I then had the prisoners taken into custody, and, in my presence, was found on Evans, two duplicates; I went to the pawnbroker's, and found one case, which I knew, and have since seen two others in the hands of Mr. Moss, which are mine; my wife also gave me two duplicates.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Taylor is the person in whose custody they should be? A. Yes; he is my foreman - it was his duty to examine the eases: I send them back if not perfect - workmen do not take work home without permission at any time; I had seen them in Taylor's possession - he keeps them in a box in the shop, of which he has the key, and at night the boxes are put into the iron chest.
Cross-examined by MR. ROE. Q.Have you a large shop? A. No - I had only the prisoners at that time in my employ; Evans is a finisher of movements, and had nothing to do with cases; he has had work home to finish.


                  SOPHIA 
                  KEAT
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 19th of November I went to Evans' house, to know if the cases were there; Mrs. Evans produced two duplicates to me - I gave them to my husband: I went to Taylor's house on Sunday morning, the 20th, and a lodger delivered me a silver case; Mrs. Taylor brought three more that morning, and in the evening I received three more.


                  EDWARD 
                  KEAT
               



            . These are not the cases alluded to in this indictment.
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are not the cases included in the indictment one, the duplicate of which was found on Evans, and the other two which your wife got from Evans' wife? A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KEAT
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I know the watch-cases to be my father's.


                  JAMES 
                  HALLAM
               



            . I am a watch-springer and liner - I work for Mr. Keat. I had no cases sent back to me by Taylor or Evans as imperfect - I saw three before the Magistrate, and knew them to be the cases I had sent to Mr. Keat.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Old-street. I have a silver watch-case, pawned on the 17th of November, in the name of John Brown, No. 42, Radnor-street, for 10s. - I do not know who by.


                  ROBERT 
                  MOSS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Goswell-road. I have two pairs of cases, pawned on the 18th of November, for 10s. 6d. each, by a woman, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Brown
               



            , No. 2, Ashby-street.


                  MILES 
                  HANDLEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoners; I found on Evans two duplicates for watch-cases, pawned on the 17th and 18th of November, in the name of Brown, and one for the case, pawned at Clark's; Mr. Keat delivered two duplicates belonging to Moss' shop to me.
JOHN CLARK. This is the duplicate of the transaction of the 17th of November.


                  ROBERT 
                  MOSS
               



            . These are the duplicates I gave the person.(Property produced and sworn to.)
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.
EVANS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
