





135. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MILES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, 1 box, value 1s.; 3 dresses, value 30s.; 1 gown-piece, value 2l.; 1 petticoat, value 3s.; 3 night-dresses, value 15s.; 1 shift, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 2 pair of stockings, value 20s.; 3 pair of gloves, value 3s.; 1 collar, value 5s.; and 1 book, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joshua 
                     Grimmett
                  




               
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  BROWN
               



             (police-sergeant I 20). On the 23rd of October, I was on duty in the Uxbridge-road, about a quarter-past seven o'clock; I met the prisoner carrying this bundle; I said, "Halloo young one, where are you going with that?" he said, "They are things belonging to a servant maid, and I am taking them to No. 94, Park-lane; I said, "No person would allow you to carry them there in these rags - where did you bring them from?" he said, from Kensington, and if I would go to Park-lane, I should see it was right; I said, no, I would take him to Kensington; he went on with me for ten or fifteen yards, and then turned, and said, "My statement is false, they are my things - I brought them from Notting-hill, near Acton." I then said, "Where does your mother live;" he said,"She did live in Wild-court, Wild-street, but she is removed to near Ealing; I am bringing these things there;" I took him to the station-house, and found this bill of parcels inside the bundle.


                  MARY 
                  DODDRIDGE
               



            . I am a ladies maid, to Mrs. Labouchere. Miss Dupree is her sister; this property belongs to her; I packed it up at Blackheath, in a deal-box; it was brought from there to No. 6, Harley-street, and sent the next day to the Green Man and Still, to go home.


                  JOSHUA 
                  GRIMMETT
               



            . I am a carrier
. I received this box at the Green Man and Still; I put it in the back of my cart; I did not miss it till I got to Ealing, on the night of the 22nd of October, or about one o'clock the next morning.
Prisoner. Q. Is it your property? Witness. A. I had the care of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN KINES
               



            . I keep a cart and horse. I found this box on my brother's premises in a shed, about thirty yards from my house; just on this side of Acton; I know nothing of the prisoner; here are some bits of ribbons, one glove, and a bit of a knife in it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was employed to carry it for a person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
