





1499. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     TEMPLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lonsdale
                        




                     
                  , on the 17th of September
, at St. Margaret's, New Fish-street


, and stealing therein 3 pairs of half-boots, value 15s., his goods, and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  FIELDER
               



            . I am the watchman employed to look after the new buildings in King William-street, London-bridge; I live in Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square. On the morning of the 18th of September, just after the clock struck five, I saw the prisoner coming from the premises, near the back of Mr. Lonsdale's house in King William-street


, near the corner of Arthur-street - I watch there at night, but only the buildings - I saw he had got something, and stopped him, and found three pairs of half-boots; they were afterwards claimed by Mr. Lonsdale - the prisoner said he had found them in the cellar of one of the buildings; the buildings are not exactly finished inside.


                  GEORGE 
                  BLACKHAM
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Lonsdale
               



            , No. 24, King William-street, a shoe-maker
. These boots are his property; I know them by the iron on them; I purchased them; I have no particular mark on them; I am sure they are his - I examined the shop-window in the morning, and found the glass taken out; the sash was partly down; it was fastened regularly at night - the shutters are inside - there was a rope on the leads, and I suppose somebody had been let down to break the glass; the panes of glass are twelve or fourteen inches square - it appeared that the windows had been let down, and somebody had got over the window - the shutters had not been closed - I had fastened the glass-frame myself - I left it on Tuesday evening about seven o'clock; the sash was then down, and the glass entire; and when I came next morning one pane of glass was taken out, and the sash partly down, but not sufficient to admit a person into the premises when I saw it - the boots were kept on a shelf in the shop, not within reach of the window; they were several feet from the sash; whether the frame had been put up more or how I cannot tell - I found the back-door open, which I left secure on Tuesday night - one pane of glass was entirely taken out, and one cracked - I returned to the shop at seven o'clock in the morning - I had the keys of the door with me.
Prisoner's Defence. In the beginning of the summer I went to Liverpool, being out of employ; I could get no work, and returned to London on the 16th of September; not having money to procure a lodging, I slept in these houses, which were not quite finished; as I laid on some shavings I felt something hard, and found these boots wrapped up in an apron, and brought them out at five o'clock in the morning.
GEORGE BLACKHAM. We lost four pairs of boots, a pair of shoes, and an apron - the house is in the parish of St. Margaret, New Fish-street, I understand.


                  RICHARD 
                  HURST
               



            . I am constable of Bridge Ward. I know the prosecutor's premises are in the parish of St. Margaret, New Fish-street.


                  JOHN 
                  MURREY
               



             (officer). I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office; I was present on the 17th of May, 1832, when the prisoner was tried; he is the person convicted as mentioned in the certificate. (Read).



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
