



647. 




RICHARD JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of January, 1 shawl, value 1s.; and 1 coat, value 11s.; the goods of 




John Dodsworth.






JOHN DODSWORTH
. I am a cab-driver. On the 25th of January I was at a coffee-shop in Farringdon-street—I put my horse and cab up, and went in there to have a cup of coffee—I took my shawl off my neck, placed it in my coat pocket, and I took my coat off—I remained there half an hour or more—the prisoner and two Others came in—the prisoner left before I did—I missed my shawl, and went to a beer-shop which he frequented—he went by the name of "Dick the painter"—I found him at nine o'clock in the morning, with three others, playing at cards, at a beer-shop opposite the Elephant and Castle—he had the shawl in his hat, and he offered it to me for sale for 1s.—he offered it to another person before me—when he offered it to me I said, "It is not good enough for me," and

immediately called in a policeman—I gave him in charge for robbing me of my shawl and coat—this is my shawl—(looking at it.)

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me take the shawl? A. No—you offered it to me for 1s., and to another man before I came in.

JURY. Q. Have you any mark on it? A. No further than the wear of my beard—I am positive it is mine.





ROBERT CLARK
. I am a policeman. On the 25th of January the prosecutor came across to me—I went into the beer-shop, and secured the prisoner—I took the shawl from his hat.





EDWARD ELLIOTT
. I am a policeman. Between four and five o'clock, on the 25th of January, I was on duty in the London-road, and saw the prisoner go into the Prince of Wales public-house, with a great coat on, and this shawl on his neck—I went in and had some beer, and said to him, "Dick, what have you been at?"—he said, "I am driving a cab now"—I said, "Where is your cab?"—he said, "It is on the stand, I shall take it home"—the great coat was rather dirty, and had a velvet collar.

Prisoner. I bought the shawl of a cab-man.




GUILTY
. † Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Serjeant Arabin.
