






1032. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BLUMSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, 1 shawl, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Horner
                  




               
            .
MR. DOWLING conducted the prosecution.


                  SARAH 
                  ELIZABETH ROBERTSON
               



            . I am shop-woman to Mr. Joseph Horner, of Myrtle-street, Hoxton


 - he is a shawl-dyer
. On the 14th of March I missed a shawl off the counter, between five and six o'clock in the evening; this is it - here is a number on it, which I put myself.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. When did you see it last? A. About ten minutes before - I was not in the shop all the time; we do not sell shawls.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Sowerby, a pawnbroker, in Brick-lane. At a quarter-past seven o'clock on the evening of Wednesday, the 14th of March, Thompson came to our shop, offered this shawl, and wanted 10s. on it; I asked whose it was - she said Mrs. Smith's, No. 3, over the way; I said there was no such number there - she then said down King-street, No. 3, or No. 9; I put the shawl under the counter, sent: for the Policeman, and gave her in charge - this is it; Blumson came to our house, and said, "Have you not sent a woman to the station-house?" I said Yes; he said, "I bought the shawl about two years ago;" I said, "The pattern has not been up so long;" he then said it was eighteen months ago, and he bought it of a man at his door - he then asked me the value of it; I said about 2l. 10s. - he said,"That is what I gave for it."


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING CLARK
               



            . I am a Police-constable, and took Thompson. I asked her who the shawl belonged to - she said Mrs. Smith, and she would take me to her; she took me to No. 3, Matthew's-buildings, where I saw Blumson laying on a bed - she said to him, "Joe, get up and fetch Mrs. Smith;" he got up, and went away, but did not return - I took her to the station, and soon after the pawnbroker and Blumson came; Blumson there stated that he had bought the shawl eighteen months ago for 30s. - I have seen the prisoners together very often.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say who he bought it of? A. Yes, of a hawking pedlar, who came to his door- Blumson was out on bail.



                  JOSEPH 
                  HORNER
               



            . The shawl is my property; I missed it on the Wednesday,
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see either of the prisoner's near your house? A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  FOSTER DAWSON
               



            . I am book-keeper to Mr. Horner. I know the shawl was on the counter, half a yard from the door.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. I was at the office when the prisoners were brought there; Blumson said he bought the shawl between eighteen months and two years ago, and at the second examination, when he had heard the value of it, he said he gave 5l. for it.
BLUMSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
