





1290. 




ELIZABETH ROUSE
 and 




MARGARET DONOVAN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
11th of April, at 
St. Giles-in-the-fields, 46 sovereigns; 1 coat, value 30s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.; 1 hat, value 10s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 watch-guard, value 1s.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Griffiths; and 16 promissory notes, value 5l. each; the property of the said 



Thomas Griffiths, in the dwelling-house of 



John Cormack; and 





JAMES EGAN



for feloniously receiving 9 sovereigns, part of the said monies, well knowing the same to have been stolen.






THOMAS GRIFFITHS
. I have been a cattle-drover, and live in Valentine-place, Blackfriars-road. On Friday, the 10th of April, about eleven o'clock at night, I was in High-street, St. Giles's, and met the prisoners, Rouse and Donovan—I was sober—they stopped me and wished me to go with them to their lodging—I was unwilling, but went with them both to No. 11, Church-street—they said they lodged there—I went to bed with them both, we were all undressed—about one o'clock a person named Asserton came into the room for the rent—I left my watch in my fob, and put my breeches under the pillow—I had forty-six sovereigns in my fob—I saved some in service and got the rest by dealing in cattle and

horses—I had come to London from Wales, on the 8th of April, and brought the money with the intention of buying a milk walk—I had one half-crown and sixteen five-pound notes of the Llanpeder Bank, in South Wales—I had the notes in the lining of the waistband of my breeches—I did not tell the prisoners that—I awoke about five o'clock in the morning—I found the women gone, and missed my breeches and every thing I had, I went out into the street and saw a policeman—I was then in my shirt—the room-door was bolted—nobody could bave come in while we were in bed—I saw the prisoners in the station-house on the 12th, which was the second day after the robbery—my watch was an old-fashioned silver one, worth 30s.—I lost a suit of clothes, a hat and shoes, worth about 3l. altogether.





WILLIAM FORD
 (police-constable B 92.) I apprehended Rouse in Union-court, Westminster, about two o'clock in the morning, on the 12th of April—I saw Egan with her—they came out of Orchard-street together down the court—they went into No. 8, at the bottom of the court—Oakley the inspector was with me—I heard Rouse say, "That is Mr. Oakley"—they then both dashed into No. 8, and I followed them—Egan ran into the privy, and Rouse stood against the wall—I taw Donovan at the same time run across the court into No. 11—I found Egan and Rouse in the back-yard of No. 8—I caught hold of Egan, and asked what he ran into there for, he said, to ease himself, to be sure—I said, "I think it is not for that purpose only"—I brought him into the front parlour, and said I should search him—he said, he should search himself—he pulled out nine sovereigns, a half-crown, and threepence—I asked where he got that money, he said, it was his own—I found a new handkerchief in his pocket—as I took Donovan to the watch-house, she said, the handkerchief I had found on Egan was her property which she had had in pawn and she had taken it out with some of the Welshman's money; and she said the four sovereigns Egan had got were four sovereigns he had given to his girl, and she had given it to him, and that the other nine sovereigns he had received from Rouse to make away with—she said she had ten sovereigns of the Welshman's money left, and had given four sovereigns to a girl named Conden; one sovereign she had laid out for a shawl and a pair of stockings for herself, and a shawl for Egan's girl—she said she had bought some clothes for herself, and the money she had left she spent in that way—I asked her what she had done with the rest?—she said, she had got some—five sovereigns fell from under her clothes in the street—she said, if I would let her go to St. Giles's, she would show me where they put the clothes which they took from the prosecutor—I went with her to No. 14, Buckeridge-street, to a room, and found nothing but a bonnet—I have found some of the prosecutor's clothes to-day—a man who was tried in the New-court to-day, named Bryan, I thought had some of them on, and I took the prosecutor, who identified his coat—this was in consequence of information.





JOSEPH CLEMENTS
 (police-constable E 102.) I was in Union-court with Ford. I saw Donovan and Conden go into No. 11—I followed them, and took Donovan—I said to her "You have got quite flush lately in new clothes"—she said, "Yes, I bought these clothes ont of my part of the money that was taken from the Welshman"—Rouse and Egan were brought to the same station-house—Rouse stated to me that she had laid out all her part of the Welshman's money in new clothes—I went to No. 8, Union-court, it is M'Laren's house—the prisoners lodged

there then—Rouse and Donovan had taken a room, as I was given to understand—I never saw them there before—I saw Egan coming down the court with Rouse, on the morning of the 12th, and go in there to No. 8—they went into the back yard—I found a coat and waistcoat belonging to Egan there, on the Monday following—he said, he had an old coat and waistcoat in his room, but he did not say which room it was—I also found some old clothes in the same room which belonged to Donovan and Rouse—I knew them to be the clothes Donovan and Rouse wore before that, I had seen them on my beat.

Egan. The room in Union-court is not mine.





JOHN BOOTH
 (police-constable B 32.) I found some beads on Rouse—I asked her how she got them—she said she gave 2s. for them out of the Welshman's money—I said, "Is that all you got?"—she said, "Yes"—I said, "What have you done with the other money?"—she said, "I have laid it out"—I said, "How much have you got?"—she said five or six sovereigns, and that she knew nothing of the notes.





GEORGE OAKLEY
 (police-inspector E.) On the morning of the 11th of April, the prosecutor came to the station-house, and gave information—Rouse, Donovan, and Egan, were apprehended.





JOHN CLANCEY
. I lire at No. 11, Church-street, St. Giles's. Mr. John Cormack keeps the house—it is in the parish of St. Giles'-in-the-fields—I recollect going into the back-room, No. 9—the female prisoners were there, and the prosecutor—it was at one o'clock.





WILLIAM FORD

re-examined. I have known Egan some time, living with a girl of the town in the back-room of No. 8, Union-court—I have had occasion to search the house several times, and found him occupying the room—I saw him there about a week before this transaction, and several times before.





JOHN BOOTH

re-examined. On Saturday morning, I took Egan's girl's brother for stealing flower-pots from Covent-garden, and about half-past four o'clock I went to search Egan's room, and his girl and himself were both asleep—I knocked at the door—his girl got up and opened the door—I searched the place—he was in bed, and had his clothes on a chair close to the bed—I said, "I have taken your girl's brother for stealing flower-pots"—I have known Egan living in that back-room at No. 8, for six or seven weeks.

Donovan's Defence. I bought nothing out of the money—I delivered up six sovereigns—it was not us that robbed him—the two girls that robbed him are Eliza Weatherall and another, whose name I do not know; and they gave us this money—Oakley knows it to be true—they gave us part of the money—we did not know that it was stolen.

Rouse's Defence. The young girl gave us the money.

Egan's Defence. It was my own money that was found on me—it was given to me by my father two months before—I did not occupy the room in Union-court—it is the girl, Jane Conden, who is not in custody.





GEORGE OAKLEY

re-examined. We have been looking for Weatherall ever since, because it is supposed she is concerned, from the information that was given.





THOMAS GRIFFITHS

re-examined. I am sure the prisoners are the women I was with—I do not know Weatherall.

Prisoner Donovan. He was beastly tipsy when he came up and spoke to us there were four of us together, but he was not in our room—two girls came to the door after we left.






JOAN CLANCEY
. The two prisoners were in the room that night—I know of no girls coming to the door when they left.





JOSEPH CLEMENTS

re-examined. I found these new clothes on Donovan, which I produce, and these on Rouse.

ROUSE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

DONOVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.




Transported for Life.

EGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
