



253. 




ANN ALLEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of December, 1 set of fire-irons, value 5s., the goods of 



George Gove.






GEORGE GOVE
. I keep the Bedford Head, in Old-street. On the 5th of December the prisoner came to my house with a man—the man asked for her to go into my yard—I gave permission—she went and staid a long time—I went to see after her—my servant said she had been in the kitchen—I met her in the passage, and asked her what she had under her cloak—she said nothing—she was examined by a constable, and this set of fire-irons was found under her cloak—they belong to me, and had been in my kitchen.

Prisoner. I brought the man before your bar that I had them of. Witness. No, you did not.





FREDERICK MILES
 (police-sergeant G 14.) I was sent for, and found these irons under her cloak—she said they were given her—she did not say by whom.

Prisoner. You are aware that I pointed out the man, and said, "I insist on that man being taken if I am"—he received them of a man, and he came into the passage and said, "Lay hold," which I did, and the man walked up the court—I was coming back from the yard, and the dog barked—the servant said the dog would not hurt me—I then walked to the bar, and the landlord asked what I had got—I said, nothing of his—

the man was pointed out, and taken to Worship-street. Witness. No, he was not.





ELIZABETH ROGERS
. I am the prosecutor's servant. I was in the yard when the dog barked—I saw the prisoner in the kitchen—there was no one else there—there was a man at the bar—he had not been in the kitchen—these fire-irons had been in the kitchen—I went in and missed them—I saw the prisoner there—she said she was afraid of the dog—I said he would not hurt her—I told her to go on, and then I saw the end of the irons.

Prisoner's Defence. I met a man and woman whom I had some slight knowledge of—I spoke to them—the woman went away, and said she would be back in a few minutes if I would wait—the man and I then walked, and when we came to the court that runs through the Bedford Head, he said, "Lay hold," and I took these irons—he went up the court, and I went through into the yard—when I got there a dog barked, and I beckoned for them to take the dog away—I stepped into the kitchen, and the girl came and told me to go on—I walked on to the bar, and the landlord said, "What have you got there?"—I said, nothing of his, as the things were given me by the man that stood there—I said, "If I am taken to the office, he shall"—he stood opposite me at the office—he was acquitted.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
