





937. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  KIRSCH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, at St. Pancras


, 12 spoons, value 4l. 10s.; 2 tables, value 1l. 5s.; 1 mustard pot, value 9s.; 1 wine strainer, value 10s.; and 1 castor-top, value 5s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Janet Jane Jessy 
                        McLean
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Hunter
                     



.
JANET JANE JESSE McLEAN. I lodge in the house of Robert Hunter, at No. 63, Warren-street, Fitzroy-square


, in the parish of St. Pancras - I have known the prisoner six months - she first came to do some needle-work for me, and I afterwards hired her as a temporary servant
 at so much a day - she told me she had got a place in Bedford-square, and left me on the Friday before last, about three o'clock - I had a small plate-chest in my house - I did not miss any thing until the next day, when I missed the plate in question - I cannot tell whether I lost any thing else - I was ill for nine months - this plate is mine - it was in the second floor room, where I slept.


                  LEWIS 
                  KEYSER
               



            . I am a silversmith, and live at No. 16, Tottenham-court-road - I first saw the prisoner last Friday morning - she came in with some old silver, a broken mustard-pot, a castor-top, a wine-strainer, and a gravy spoon, and asked if I bought old silver - I said yes - I weighed it, and at 4s. 9d. and ounce, it came to 2l. 2s. 6d. - she said it was left to her by will; and, from her respectable appearance, I did not hesitate in buying it - about half-past six she came again with eleven dessert and two stable-spoons - all of which had a crest, which aroused my suspicions - I said, as she had brought a quantity of plate, perhaps she would pardon my asking where she resided - she said she had not the least objection, and gave me "Mrs. Smith, No. 18, Edward-street, Hampstead-road" - I said, if she would wait at the shop a little while, and I found that correct, I would return and pay her for it - then she said, "Well, I must tell you, if you are going to seek for my residence, we have only been to take the house there - my real residence is No. 18, Edward-street, Regent's-park, and my real name is Mrs. Cash" - I said, "Perhaps you will have no objection to tell me how you became possessed of the property" - she said, Mrs. Montgomery, of No. 48, Queen-square, had left it to her twelve months ago - I said I would go there, and if I found such a lady had resided there, I would return and pay her - the station-house was in my road - I called, and told them my suspicion, and an officer was sent - I went to the square, and could find no No. 48 - I returned, and told her she had given me a false address - she said she did not say No. 48 in the square, but in a street leading into the square which she named - I thought I might have made a mistake, and said, "Will you object to accompany me to the house?" - she said, "No, none" - on crossing the road to Tavistock-square, I asked if Mrs. Montgomery had anyrelations living in London - she said, "Yes, Mrs. Bailey, in Gower-street" - I said, "Does that lady know the plate was left to you?" - she said yes - she accompanied me to a house where Mrs. Bailey had lived, some eighteen months or two years ago - I asked for Mrs. Bailey - they said she had moved, and Dr. Drew, in the same street, could inform me where she had gone to - I saw Mrs. Drew, the prisoner was with me - I asked for her to remain in the passage, but all in a moment I heard the street door bang to, and the prisoner was gone - I did not see her again till she was in the hands of the officer.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Do you know that she offered to return the money to your wife? A. I knew she asked my wife to let her have the silver back: I was present - I said I would have nothing to do with it; if the property was rightly come by, I would give it to the right owner.


                  JAMES 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a policeman. On Saturday night, about twelve o'clock, I apprehended the prisoner - she asked what I wanted - I asked if she knew McLean - she put up her hands and said, "For God's sake let me go, and I will give you every thing I have got" - I took her in charge, and, as she went along, she said, "Are you going to take my husband? so help me God, he knows nothing about it: I told him the plate was left me by a lady as a legacy."
MR. KEYSER. The twelve spoons are worth 4l. 10s., and more; the two table-spoons, 25s.; a mustard-pot, 9s.; a wine-cruet, 10s.; castor top, 2s. - that is the fair valuation.
MR. DOANE to MRS. McLEAN. Q. When did you see the plate last? A. I might say I saw the box every day- I saw it the very day she was taken up, in my bed-room - it was a band-box with a key to it, I did not see the spoons that day - I saw them when I entered the house first, about nine months ago - it is nine months since I saw the spoons - I cannot tell how many servants I have had in my employ - I dare say I have had six - I never accused any of them of robbing me of plate - I never said I would not hurt a hair of the prisoner's head - the spoons have my family motto on them.(
               
                  Sarah 
                  Brown
               



            , of Pall-mall, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
