




1860. 




JOHN JACOBS
 and 




THOMAS JONES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of July, 6 shirts, value 8s.; 1 gown, value 2s.; 2 petticoats, value 5s.; 2 table-cloths, value 3s. 6d.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 1s. 6d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s. 6d.; 4 caps, value 6s.; 3 aprons, value 3s.; 8 frocks, value 1l.; 4 night-gowns, value 4s.; 2 cravats, value 1s. 6d.; 8 pinafores, value 12s.; 6 petticoats, value 6s. 6d., 2 pairs of trowsers, value 2s.; and 1 collar, value 1s.; the goods of 




William Gregory.






WILLIAM GREGORY
. 1 live at Cambridge-heath, and am a laundry-man. At twenty minutes to nine o'clock, on the night of the 19th of July, I was

stopping with my cart at a silversmith's shop in White chapel—I did not get out of the cart—I delivered a basket of linen—I was sitting on the front of my cart—the prisoner Jones came to me, and asked the way to Hungerford market—I saw the prisoner Jacobs in the act of taking a bundle while the other was speaking to me—I leaped from the front of my cart, ran after Jacobs, and called "Stop thief—he dropped the bundle—he ran about seven or eight yards further, then returned upon me, and I caught him by the collar—I had never lost sight of him—he said, "I am not the man, the man has run on"—I had not spoken to him before—I said, "You are the man that took the bundle from my cart, and you must come on with me"—as soon as he had said the words, the prisoner Jones came up, and his words were, "D—your eyes fight your way"—Jacobs then fought me right and left as hard as he could—I cried out, "Will nobody assist me in taking a thief"—Jones then struck me over my right arm, and broke my hold, he kicked me on the right leg, and Jacobs struck me, but I still held him, and they were taken—the bundle contained fifty-four articles—two petticoats, two table-cloths, and other articles—the bundle was picked up and identified.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS.Q. Did Jones touch any of your property at all? A. I did not see him attempt to take any thing—he touched ray trowsers in the cart—I never saw Jones before to my knowledge—he had dark clothes on—I believe it was a dark blue coat—I said before the Magistrate that he kicked me over the leg—what I said was written down, and I signed it—I said he kicked me on the right leg.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Where about was this? A. Not far from Castle-street, White chapel—I did not see many people till "Stop thief, "was cried—it was about twenty minutes to nine o'clock in the evening there were persons passing and repassing—both these men were strangers.





SUSANNAH REECE
. I was in White chapel that evening, and saw Jacobs take a bundle off the cart—he is the man—I saw him strike the prosecutor, and he struck me in the side in the scuffle—I have never been able to. wear a bone in my stays since—there was another man with a dark blue 'coat, who said with a gruff voice like Jones's, "D—your eyes, fight away "I have heard Jones speak since, and the voice was like his.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS.Q. When did you hear his voice since? A. At Lambeth-street—I did not swear to him—I will swear to him positively now—it was not put to me at Lambeth-street about Jones—I did not see his face—I did not swear to Jones at all at Lambeth-street—only to a gruff voice—there might be a dozen persons at first—I cannot say how many afterwards—I was struck so that I was speechless—there were not above thirty or forty persons there—I spoke to Jacobs, and laid he took the bundle.





SAMUEL TAYLOR
. I am a street-keeper in High-street, White chapel. I was talking to Mr. M'Crea at the oil-shop—he gave me information, and I apprehended Jones going up Essex-street-the prosecutor identified him next morning.





EDMUND M'CREA
. I keep an oil-shop at No. 103, White chapel. I saw the prisoner Jacobs held by the prosecutor, and Jones came up and attempted to rescue him—there was great violence used.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long was Jones there? From three to five minutes—I did not say before the Magistrates that it did not last two minutes—I signed my deposition—I said it was two, three, or five minutes—I said I thought not above two or three minutes—I did not

say it was two minutes—I did not hear Jones say any thing—I think it was about a quarter before nine o'clock—it was after dusk—I had seen Jones before—I knew his features well—he had a blue coat on—what I said was read over to me—I was desired to attend to it, and see whether it was correct—the solicitor employed by Jones asked me how I could know him—I told him I had seen him before—he had been pointed out to me by the street keeper as a bad character.





CORNELIUS O'DONOGHUE
, (police-constable H 180.) I took up the bundle, it was dirty.
(William Latham, a jeweller and a silversmith, and Moses Issacs, a working jeweller, gave Jacobs a good character.)

JACOBS. 

GUILTY
—Aged 21.)





Transported for Seven Years.



JONES. 

GUILTY
—Aged 22
