



606. 




BRIDGET SHEA
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
30th of January, 1 coat, value 30s.; 1 spoon, value 2s.; 172 playing cards, value 1s.; the goods of 



Susannah Cooper; and 1 box, value 6d.; 1 scent-bottle and case, value 6d.; 1 sixpence, 4 pence, and 2 half-pence; the goods and monies of 



Ann Pryer.






SUSANNAH COOPER
. I am a widow, and live in Crawford-street, Portman-square. Ann Pryer is my servant. The prisoner was in my service—I missed some property, and took no notice of it; but on the morning of the 30th of January, my servant was alarmed, in the morning, by finding the kitchen door locked inside, and she could not get in—she came to my bed-room, and told me—I was fearful of going into the kitchen, and I sent the servant for a person; and during that time the person escaped—my property has been found.





ALEXANDER RUSSELL
 (police-constable D 127.) The prosecutrix's servant spoke to me on the 30th of January—I went in search of the prisoner, and found her in a house near Dorset-square, concealed under a bed—I found this spoon in her possession—the other property my brother officer found—I searched her box afterwards, and found a pair of boots, a silk handkerchief, and some lace.

Prisoner. You said, "Give me a sovereign, and I will let you go free"—I said I had no sovereign, and you called me a d—d Irish b—h. Witness. No such thing.





GEORGE MARRIOTT
 (police-sergeant D 5.) I produce these playing cards, which I found in the prisoner's box; also this scent-bottle, and this paper box.





ANN PRYER
. I was servant to the prosecutrix while the prisoner was ill—this scent-bottle and little box are mine.





HENRY MATTHEW BAYFIELD
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a table-spoon, and two dessert-forks, pawned by Mary M'Carthy, and a coat, for 15s.

MRS. COOPER. These cards are mine. They were taken from a secretary-drawer in my book-case—this tea-spoon is mine.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
