



1163. 




ELIZABETH THOMAS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of June, 1 pair of breeches, value 8s.; 1 waistcoat, valued 3s.; and 1 coat, value 1l. 5s.; the goods of 



Robert Upsall.






HENRY FEREDAY CAMPER
. I am an assistant to Robert Upsall, a pawnbroker, in Barbican. On the 12th of June last the prisoner pledged a pair of breeches and a waistcoat for 11s.—I, at the same time* took in a coat of another person, and advanced 25s. on it—I laid them all on a pile of goods behind the counter—it was between eleven add four o'clock in the day—the prisoner had a child with her—she was playing with this child, and pretended to let it fall over the counter—I cautioned her, and she went to the door two or three times to speak to her sister—during this time I missed the coat—I knew where she lived, and went to her house, and charged her with it—she came to our house, and I took her into a back room—she made solemn assertions that she had not seen it—on the Saturday following she came to redeem the breeches and waistcoat, and we could not find them—we thought they might be mislaid—I told her td bring her husband, and we would pay for them—she brought a man whom she represented to be her husband, and we paid a sovereign for them—the breeches and waistcoat are here—the coat is not.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you say before the Magistrate one single syllable about going to this woman's house, and taking her to your back room? A. Yes—that was relating to the coat—I had placed these breeches and waistcoat, which she pawned, at the end of the counter with the coat, on a pile of other goods—I was in the shop when she went away—I told the Magistrate that she went to the door two or three times—I did not see her go outside—her sister came to her from the window—I have known the prisoner before—I knew her husband, and knew where she lived.





BENJAMIN MECHAM
. I am assistant to Mr. Walters, of Aldgate. I produce the waistcoat and breeches, which were pawned by the prisoner, on the 2nd of October, in the name of Ann Thomas.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known her before? A. Yes, as a regular customer—I did not know where she lived.





FREDERICK PRINCE
. I produce the duplicate of the breeches and waistcoat, which I found on the prisoner.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.
