





964. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DANGER
                  




               
            , THE YOUNGER, was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, 1 watch, value 6l.; 1 watch-chain, value 4l.; 3 seals, value 2l., and 2 keys, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Danger
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DANGER
               



            . I am a gold and silver caster
, and live in Span's-buildings, St. Pancras


 - the prisoner is my son, and always resided with me. On the 30th of March, in the morning, I left my watch hanging in a case at the head of my bed - I was in the shop at work, and did not go out all day; I missed it about twenty minutes to one o'clock.


                  HENRY 
                  ARCHER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, of Ossulton-street, Somers'-town. On Friday, the 39th of March, the prisoner pawned this watch for 25s. - he wanted 30s.; it is worth about two guineas; the foreman, in my presence, asked whose it was - he said his own.


                  CHARLES 
                  STEWART
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on Saturday, the 6th of April, and told him it was for stealing his father's watch, seals, and chain; he said he had made it all right the night before, as he had seen his mother - I asked what he had done with the chain and seals; he refused to tell me, but said they were where they could not be recovered.
JOHN DANGER. This is my watch - it is worth two guineas; there was a gold chain, three seals, and two keys to it - I value them at between 3l. and 4l.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not send me word by my mother, that if I brought the ticket, or the chain and seals, you would forgive me? A. No; I said I would not interfere at all about it - I went all round the neighbourhood, to stop it from being pledged; the; pawnbroker positively denied to my son-in-law, that such a watch had been pawned, and he had got it all the time.


                  CHARLES 
                  STEWART
               



            . He offered it to me about half-past one o'clock.
Prisoner's Defence. I was frequently in the habit of fetching a hundred ounces of plate to refine for my father.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
