







1787. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WAKEMAN
                  




               
            . 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WAKEMAN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LILL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, 16 cwt. of printed paper, value 30l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Butterworth
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH BRETTELL. I am a warehouse man to Mr. Henry Butterworth - he is a bookseller
, and lives in Fleet-street - he has a warehouse in Apollo-court, Fleet-street


; there was a large quantity of law books in quires, which are very expensive - that stock is more valuable than any other stock of books. In consequence of information I went to the warehouse on the 15th of July - I missed, I should think, two or three tons weight of modern law books in quires -I should think they were worth 2000l. or 3000l.; I received information, and have found a large quantity of it.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did your master recover nearly all his property? A. Yes; there is but about half a ton missing - I was present at Mr. Butterworth's when Mr. Chidley and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wakeman
               



            , the prisoner, came there - I was engaged, and did not hear the conversation; that was about an hour after the robbery had been discovered - I think the property must have been taken in small quantities at different times; I had not taken stock since the latter end of June or the beginning of July- I had only gone to the warehouse to get particular works which were wanted for the shop; I should not have missed small quantities of books.


                  JOHN 
                  EMBLIN
               



            , JUN. I live with my father in Leather-lane - he is a tripe-dresser. On the 12th of July we bought two quantities of paper of the prisoner Thomas Wakeman; on the 14th he called again in the afternoon, and said he had about 10 cwt. of waste-paper, which I agreed to purchase of him, and on the 15th he brought it in a caravan - there was a young man with him, but I saw nothing of Lill; I paid him 4d. per 1b. for the paper, which is the price of good waste-paper: it came to 21l. 12s. 4d. - I kept it by itself, and Mr. Brettell came and claimed it the same day; I gave it up, and it is here to-day - 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wakeman
               



             said he had it from a lawyer in Liucoln's Innfields.
Cross-examined. Q.Has your father carried on business there for some years? A. Yes; I have known Wakeman six or seven years, and my father much longer; I always considered him an honest fair dealing man - I had had dealings with him before, though not to so large an amount; I am not quite positive that he did not say he had it to sell for a person who brought it from a lawyer, but I understood he had it from a lawyer - Apollo-court and Bell-yard are very near Liucoln's Inn.


                  CHARLES 
                  JUPP
               



            . I am a carter, and live in New-court, Peter's-lane, Cow-cross. On the evening of the 14th of July, Wakeman came to me in the stable yard, and said,"I want you to do a job for me between five and six o'clock in the morning;" he told me to take my cart, and remove some paper - I asked him what quantity; he said he did not exactly know, but he supposed four or five hundred weight - I said it was an awkward time, and an awkward morning, but I agreed to go, and I went with my cart and horse towards his house, where he had told me to go, but as I was going up Warner-street I saw Wakeman and Lill, apparently coming from Wakeman's house; we stopped at a public-house in Warner-street, and all went in and had something to drink - there was another person with him, who was a stranger to me; we staid about a quarter of an hour - Wakeman then told me to go to Carey-street; the strange man went on before my cart, and Wakeman and Lill went up Eyre-streetbill into Leather-lane - when I got into Leather-lane I passed them with my cart; the strange man still kept on before my cart, but on his turning out of Chancery-lane into Carey-street I lost him - I then drove on about fifty yards past Bell-yard; the strange man then called to me to back my cart as far down Bell-yard as the pavement - I tried to do so, but I could not get it above half-way down; while I was backing, the strange man and another strange man, each of them, brought a large bundle of paper out of a turning in Bell-yard, but I do not know where it leads to - it was on the left-hand side in Bellyard; they put the bundles of paper into the cart, and I let down the tail-board, unbuckled the seat, and got the cart in order while they brought some more - they kept bringing out till I expect they had got about 7 cwt. in the cart; I told them that was as much as my pony and cart could draw - they said I must take some more, they had not got much more - they brought out two bundles more, and said there was some more; I told them I could not take any more then, I must come a second time - I then began to tie some ropes across, and they brought out three bundles more; I tied them on, and moved my horse up Bell-yard till I came opposite the large new building, and there my cart, being loaded heavy behind, it swagged - both the shafts broke right off, and it went up; a great deal of paper fell off - the strange man told me I must go and get another cart; I said I did not know where to get one without going home - one of the strange men said he would go and look for one; while I was taking out the paper, and tying it up as well as I could, another cart came up; I took away my broken cart - after I had taken it home I went to Mr. Wakeman's house, and his wife paid me by his order; I do not know what became of the paper.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Yours is a pony-cart? A. Yes; I will not say whether Wakeman had an apron on - I had seen him many times with an apron; one of the strange men had an apron when I came - I had known Wakeman, and worked for him for two years; it was about twenty minutes before seven o'clock when my cart broke down - there were plenty of people about; I did not see Wakeman after I passed him about the middle of Leather-lane - I think that is a quarter of a mile from Bell-yard; I think I received information about eight o'clock or a quarter past eight the same morning, that Mr. Butterworth had lost paper - I know a man named Chidley, and had been to his house; I had been to Wakeman's house before that, but I did not then know of the robbery; I went to Wakeman's as soon as I got home, to try to get some recompense for my cart - Mrs. Wakeman said that Wakeman and the people were gone to take the paper to Chidley; I went to Chidley, and asked if Mr. Wakeman had been there - I heard there that the paper had been stolen, but from whom I did not know; I went back to Wakeman's - he was close by, and was sent for into the presence of me and Chidley; it was then about nine o'clock; Wakeman asked me how much I charged for my cart - I said 1s. 6d. was what he generally gave me for jobs that lasted about an hour, and he told his wife to pay me; I asked Mr. Chidley if he wanted me any more - he took my address, and I went home.
MR. EMBLIN. Wakeman brought the paper to our house about eight o'clock that morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  BALDWIN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Griffith, a skin-dealer, in Leather-lane. On the morning of the 15th of July I was at the end of Fetter-lane, by St. Dunstan's church, when I was called by two persons, whom I did not know, to go with my cart and take some paper; they took me up Chancery-lane, down Carey-street, and up Bell-yard, where I saw a cart broken down, and some paper in the mud - but before that, one of the two men had left me in Chancery-lane, and I saw no more of him till my cart was unloaded again; they first told me I was to take the paper to Mr. Emblin's, but when I got to the corner of Back hill, the man who was then with me said, "Down here;" I said "This is Back-hill" - he said Yes, but he took me down Eyre-street-hill to Mr. Wakeman's shop - there is written over the door "Stationer and rag-merchant;" the person who had loaded my cart was there, and Mr. Wakeman, who is the other person who had spoken to me about the cart, but did not go all the way with me, came there when the cart was unloaded - the person who had gone with me all the way paid me 2s., which he got from Mr. Wakeman - I saw him received it; I did not see Lill - I have known him a number of years.


                  JOHN 
                  BERRY
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Clark, who keeps a van in Red Lion-yard, Warner-street. On the morning of the 15th of July a person, who was a stranger to me, came with Mr. Wakeman, and desired me to take some paper from Mr. Wakeman's house to Mr. Emblin's, and I took it there in the caravan; Mr. Wakeman went all the way with me, and two other persons went to the corner of Leather-lane.
Cross-examined. Q.Was this an open transaction? A. Yes; there were plenty of persons about - it was a little before eight o'clock.


                  RICHARD 
                  MAGUIRE
               



            . I know Lill. On the morning of the 15th of July I saw him in Bell-yard, which is near my house; he was shoving forward a truck with some paper in it - it was about half-past six, or twenty minutes to seven o'clock; there were two men in front of the truck, pulling it, and Lill pushed behind - I passed by them, and saw them when the cart broke down; I had known Lill before.
Lill. I was not there at all, nor near the place: he said before that it was seven o'clock when he was there.
Witness. I said between six and seven o'clock; I had to go to Chapel-street, Lamb's Conduit-street, and I got there before seven o'clock - the cart breaking down first attracted my notice; I thought the paper might be Mr. Howard's - It did not strike me that it was a robbery; there were several people about, asking what was the matter - I spoke to Lill, and said, "Joseph you have got a good master, for he is teaching you to draw," meaning that a man is not a finished bricklayer till he is able to draw plans; my son was with me - but he is not here.
Lill to CHARLES JUPP. Q. What time were you in Bell-yard? A.From half-past six till twenty minutes before seven o'clock; I did not see you from the time I passed you in Leather-lane till you were at the bar at Guildhall.
COURT. Q. You did not see him from the time you passed him till he was in custody? A. No - he and Wakeman were going the same way that I was, but I passed them, and went on faster.


                  THOMAS 
                  LIGHTFOOT
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the paper in the same state as I got it from Mr. Emblin's.
MR. EMBLIN. This is the paper I got from Wakeman.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BRETTELL
               



            . This is part of Mr. Butterworth's paper; I tied it up myself, and put this card on it; it is Chitty's Commercial Law, Nos. 2, 3, and 4.
Cross-examined. Q.When did you see it? A. I put it there in December last; I cannot say when I saw it last, perhaps a month before; Mr. Butterworth is an extensive publisher - some law-books sell better than others; it is customary to sell works for waste-paper, which will not sell in books - Chitty's Commercial Law is a very saleable work.
Wakeman's Defence. Had I been in the least aware of being brought to a place like this, I could have produced proper documents to prove my innocence; the man I bought the first paper of is Bowyer, whom I have known for twenty-five years - he is a rag-dealer and dealer in paper: I could often sell paper for him, when he could not sell it himself - I sold twenty-four reams for him to Mr. Johnson, of Bishopsgate-street; I am aware that the law must take its course, but I am as innocent as I was the day I was born - Mr. Chidley called on me, and said, "You have had some paper;" I told him Yes, and where I had sold it: I went with him to Mr. Butterworth's, told him where I sold it, and he got it all backthe last parcel of paper I bought of a person a total stranger to me, to whom Lill introduced me; I said to the person, "I think you sold some of this paper to Bowyer:" he said, Yes he had, but should not sell him any more, for he could not get his money from him.
Lill's Defence. I never recommended Wakeman - the truth was this, two persons told me they had some wastepaper to sell, and I said I knew a person who bought it; I sent them to him with it, and he made the agreement - what it was I do not know, but I heard it was some where in Lincoln's Inn.


                  JOHN 
                  CHIDLEY
               



            . I am a bookseller. I deal in wastepaper, and live in Goswell-street; Mr. Brettell called on me about half-past seven o'clock on the morning of the 15th of July, and asked if I had had any paperoffered me that morning - I said, No, it was not likely I should have it so early in the morning; he then told me Mr. Butterworth had been robbed of a large quantity of books - I told him to take pen and ink, and write down his master's name, place of a bode, and a list of books lost, and I should know what to do if they were offered me - I asked him if the warehouse had been robbed that morning - he said it had; I then said, I had had a quantity of law-books brought to me as waste-paper a fortnight before - if he would go with my young man to my warehouse he should see them - they went together - my young man came back and said the whole belonged to Mr. Butterworth; I then went to the warehouse myself, and said to him, "Are these your master's property?" he said,"They are;" I then said, "It is right I should give you the name of the person I bought them of" - I gave him the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Denny
               



            , Clare-market, but as I did not know his address, I took him back to my shop for my young man to tell him - while we were there, Jupp came and asked if Mr. Wakeman had been there; in consequence of what he said Mr. Brettell and I went to Wakeman's house - we found him coming out of the public-house at the corner of the street - when I saw him I said,"Wakeman, have you had any paper at your house today?" he said he had, and had sold it to Mr. Emblin, a tripeman - I had known Wakeman before, but not much of him; I asked him how much he had sold - he said 11 cwt. 2 qrs. and some odd pounds, but I do not remember how much; that he had sold it at 4d. per 1b., and I believe he said "a good price too" - he then asked me if there was any thing wrong about it - I told him I had received information that it was all stolen; he said he did not know it; I said, "I suppose you know who you bought it of" - he said Yes, of a bricklayer - I said,"I would advise you to go with me to Mr. Butterworth's directly, and give some account of it." which he agreed to do; Wakeman said, "I have bought paper of Bowyer;" my young man said, "Bowyer, in Ray-street?" he said, Yes - Wakeman looked across the way, and said,"Why, there is Bowyer, call him over;" this was in Great Warner-street, about one hundred yards from Wakeman's house - we went on to Mr. Butterworth's, and reached there soon after nine o'clock; Mr. Butterworth was there - I stopped till about eleven o'clock - Wakeman did not stop all the time there: he went in and out - the officer came in half an hour; Mr. Wooller was there part of the time, and I believe he took down what was said - I cannot state what passed; Wakeman stated some of the circumstances to Mr. Butterworth in my hearing - I have lived in Goswell-street sixteen or eighteen years; I attended at the Magistrate's by desire of the prosecutor - I was not called - Wakeman appeared very willing to give information.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. But whether what Wakeman said was true, you cannot tell? A. No; there were many cases inquired about; I knew nothing of the robbery, but what Mr. Brettell had told me - I had bought paper of Wakeman three or four times; I never went to a warehouse to get paper away - I do not think I told the prosecutor of Wakeman having said he bought it of Joe, the bricklayer - I cannot say whether I did or not; I believe I told him all that Wakeman said.
Lill. I had two examinations before Maguire came against me - I am quite sure I have not been in Bell-yard these twelvemonths.
COURT to 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  MAGUIRE
               



            . Q.Upon the solemn oath you have taken, and knowing how it affects the prisoner Lill, was he there, or was he not? A.Upon my solemn oath he was; I have known him these ten years - he was forcing the truck forward in the way I have described.
T. WAKEMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LILL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Confined Two Years
            .
E. WAKEMAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
