



1638. 




TIMOTHY M'CARTY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of June, 5 sovereigns and 3 £5 Bank notes, the monies of 



Paul Storr and others, his masters.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the prosecution.






JOHN WYNNS
. I live in Haberdasher's place, hoxton. I am a clerk at Messers. storr and Mortimer's manufactory, Harrison-street, Gray's-inn-lane—the firm consists of three partners—Paul Storr is one—the prisoner was employed as a porter—It was the custom to send from the factory to the shop for money—I sent an order to Mr. Poulter at the shop—when money was particularly wanted I have said what it was for—on the 18th of June, I gave the prisoner this order—(read)—"Mr. Poulter, Please to send £20 for Hall; Mr. Mortimer's Desertstand Factory, 18th June, 1835"—the object of this was to pay the duty of the dessert-stande at Goldsmiths' Hall—I observed some writing at the bottom of this order of Mr. Metealfe's, who is clerk of the patty cash—when I gave this order to the prisoner, I said, "Here is a note to Mr. Poulter for money, "he then went with it—I did not see him again that evening—I saw him he next morning at the manufactory, and asked why he had not brought the money—his reply was that there was none sent—Mr. Hunt, one of the proprietors, lives next door to the factory, and is the person to whom this money should have been delievered.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who does the firm consist of? A. Mr. Paul Storr, Mr. John Mortimer, and Mr. John Samuel Hunt—I heard the prisoner say that if he had received the money he had lost it—I am not aware that he is weal in his head.





JOHN DIXON METCALFE
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Storr and Mortimer, at their house in Bond-street. I keep the petty cash—the prisoner came there about a quarter before eight o'clock on the evening of the 18th of June, and brought this order, in consequence of which I delivered to him three £5 Bank notes and five sovereigns—I marked the order with these letters, "Pd. M'Carthy, J. D. M. "—I inclosed the money and directed it to Mr. Hunt, 26, Harrison-street, Gray's-inn-road—the prisoner left the shop with it—I saw him there again the next morning, and said to him, in consequence of what I had heard, "That cash has not been received; I put it into your own hand"—he said, "I never saw the cash, I will take my solemn oath.

Cross-examined. Are you quite certain that you have not made some mistake? A. Yes.






JOHN SAMUEL HUNT
. I am one of the partners in the firm of Storr and Mortimer, silversmiths, in Bond-street—I never received this 20l. from the prisoner for stamping Mr. Mortimer's cruet stands; if he had received it, it would have been his duty to have brought it to me.

Cross-examined. Q. He was your porter? A. Yes, and has been so nearly six years—we never suspected his honesty.

Prisoner. I have no knowledge of receiving this money—I have been in the habit of receiving large sums for years.
Mr. HUNT. Yes, he has brought 50l. sometimes—he brought 175l. on one occasion.
(Edmund Day, a surgeon, of Holborn; Henry Niblet, a pawnbroker, farringdon-street; Roger Griffiths, a labourer; Margaret Wallis; Anthony Finnerty, a tailor; Jeremiah Healey, a shoemaker; Jeremiah Brassen, a coal merchant; Daniel Cunningham, a porter; and James Connah, a shoemaker, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.
