





1195. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Quinlan
                  




               
            . (See Sixth Sess. p. 569.)


                  JANE 
                  QUINLAN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Quinlan
               



             - we live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields


, and keep a shoe shop
. On the 30th of May the prisoner came in with another young man - he asked for a pair of shoes - I had been sitting on a chair in the shop, on which I left my silk handkerchief - when the prisoner came in he sat down on that chair, and I gave him some shoes; I did not observe him take the handkerchief, but I missed it as soon as he was gone - he had tried on several pairs, but went away with the other man without buying; I missed my handkerchief, and pursued the prisoner - I caught him, but not the other man - I took the prisoner to the station-house - I did not call for any assistance, till they were crossing Church-street - they then separated; the other man ran down Booth-street, and the prisoner went down Church-street - I took him and said, "You have taken my handkerchief;" before I came up with him, he hastened his pace and went as fast as he could - he was taken to the station-house, but nothing was found on him - he had not money to pay for the shoes.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not stop me in the street, and say I want you? A. Yes, I held you; you was forced to stop, and I took you to the station-house - nothing was found on you - I did not state last time that I saw the handkerchief in your hand, I said I saw you hand it over to the other man just before you parted in the street, I forgot to say that just now.


                  CATHERINE 
                  QUINLAN
               



            . I am the daughter of the prosecutor. I remember their coming in, I got the other a chair, he would not sit in that; the prisoner sat down in the chair where the handkerchief was - as soon as they were gone I missed the handkerchief - I heard the prisoner say when he was going before Mr. Twyford, that he would not stand about half-a-crown, but let him go, and we should have the handkerchief back - I am sure he said that; I will swear it - the prisoner said in the police office, that he would not tell against his companion.
Prisoner. Q. How was it possible I could give you the handkerchief back, if it was not at my possession? A. I don't know any more than that you said so.
Prisoner's Defence. My father told me to see for a pair of shoes, and he would give me the money for them; I wanted to get two odd ones, (for you see one of my legs is larger than the other,) and she had not odd ones to suit me.

- LEWIS. I am the prisoner's father; he has two odd legs - I sent him to buy a pair of shoes that day, I told him I would give him the money for them - I am a hair dresser by trade, and have lived twenty-two years in one house in Aldgate - the prosecutor's wife told me, that object was to get hold of the other boy.


                  JANE 
                  QUINLAN
               



            . I never said so.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
