





740. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DRAPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, 12 boots, value 35s., and 4 shoes, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Haydon
                  




               
            .
GEORGE HAYDON. I am a boot and shoemaker
. On the 30th of March, about five o'clock in the morning, my shop shutters were wrenched on one side, a pane of glass broken, and six pairs of boots and four odd shoes were taken out; I have brought those they left in the window to match them - I was in bed and asleep at the time.


                  JOHN 
                  PERRIN
               



            . I was going to my work that morning, and had occasion to go behind a fence; I heard a pane of glass break - I looked through the fence and saw the prisoner draw these articles out at the window; as soon as the clock struck five he went off - I went after him and met the watchman; he went after him, and said he could not find him - I said, "He cannot be far off, if you go on quick you will see him;" he went and I met him coming back with the prisoner - these articles were found on him.


                  JOHN 
                  BOTTRAL
               



            . Perrin gave me information; I went twice after the prisoner, and found him just before he got out of Limehouse, in the Horseferry-road, about six hundred yards from the prosecutor's shop; I asked him if he saw two men going along - he said Yes, along that way, and pointed to a way where the bridge was up; I then asked if he had any thing about him - he said No; I took him to the watch-house, and my officer found these boots and shoes upon him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ORGAN
               



            . I took these boots and shoes from the prisoner; he had pockets all round his jacket, and the property in them.


                  JOHN 
                  PERRIN
               



            . There were three men together; I did not see them do any thing but keep watch at the corners- the prisoner broke the window and took out the shoes.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Lambeth Oldstairs, saw this property lying against the wall, and took it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
