





852. 




WILLIAM LAMBERT,



 JOHN DONOVAN
, and 




JOHN FOSTER
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Pillow, at 
St. John, Southwark, about the hour of one in the night of the 
24th of January, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 veil, value 10s.; 1 spoon, value 5s.; 2 buttons, value 1s.; 1 pair of braces, value 3d.;1 cloak, value 4l.;3 coats, value 5l. 10s.; I tooth-pick, value 1s. 6d.;1 knife, value 3d.;1 rupee, value 2s.; 1 half-franc, value 5d.;5 crowns, 4 half-crowns, and 10 shillings; his property; and that Lambert had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.
JOHN PILLOW. I am a printer, and live in Horsleydown-lane. On Thursday night, the 24th of January, I went to bed about twelve o'clock—I got up about half-past six o'clock next morning, and went into the kitchen—I found the kitchen window wide open, and a pane of glass partly broken—I had not noticed the window the night before—I found my writing-desk on the kitchen table—it had been brought from the parlour—it was closed, but I found it was broken open—it had contained various papers and a bag of money—I found the papers scattered about the room—there were five crown-pieces, four or five new half-crowns, a few shillings and sixpences, and two or three fourpenny-pieces, in the bag—I had preserved them, being new, not meaning to circulate them, except the crown-pieces, which were not quite new—I found a tin box in the kitchen, that had been in a drawer in the parlour the night before—I did not see it the night before, and cannot say when I saw it last—the parlour is in the front of the house, and the kitchen quite at the back—there are five or six steps from the kitchen to the parlour—there had been a guinea, a halfguinea, and a few new shillings and sixpences, in the tin box—a small wooden box was left in the parlour, which had contained a little Indian rupee, some copper coin, a pair of shirt-buttons with "E P" engraved on them, a few cents, a half-franc, and a small plated copper coin—I have seen them since—I have missed a great deal of wearing-apparel—there was a blue cloth cloak with a lynx-fur collar, a great-coat, a suit of black, a claret dresscoat, and another olive green great-coat, which I had thrown off in thekitchen the night before—there was a silver tooth-pick in the pocket of the black
waistcoat—a veil was also missing, and a silver caddy-spoon, engraved "J A P," which were my first wife's initials, that had been in the teacaddy in the parlour—a penknife was also missing from the parlour—the lock of the parlour door was shot when I went to bed the night before, but the key was left in it—the kitchen window opens into the yard, which is enclosed by a wall seven or eight feet high—on the other side of the wall is a public lane—a person could get over—a hand could be got in where the window was broken, to open it—it was broken close to the fastening—I found half of the square of glass next morning laid carefully against the wash-house window—the window is not more than three or four feet from the ground—a person could get in without assistance—it is a paved yard.





PETER LOGAN
 (police-sergeant N 12.) I was sent for to the prosecutor's on Friday morning, the 25th, about half-past seven o'clock—the house is in the parish of St. John, Horsleydown—I picked up this duplicate in the

back-yard—it was afterwards shown to the prisoner Donovan at the station-house, and he claimed it as his own—it has the name of John Donovan on it—I had sent Sergeant Woodhouse to take him on finding it.





JOHN BRIDOELAND
 (police-constable N 123.) On Thursday night, or Friday morning, the 25th of January, at a quarter before one o'clock, I saw the prisoners Lambert and Donovan together in Tooley-street, about two hundred yards from the prosecutor's house—they went down Unicorn-square—Donovan had a blue cloak on, with a dark fur collar—they were going in a direction from the prosecutor's—I went round my beat, and about one o'clock I saw them both coming back in a direction towards the prosecutor's—Donovan then had on a black frock coat, and no cloak—they were going towards the prosecutor's the last time.





WILLIAM FETHERTON
 (police-sergeant N 17.) On Friday morning, the 25th of January, at half-past four o'clock, I saw the three prisoners in the Crown public-house, High-street, near St. George's Church—it is a market house, and is always open about a quarter past four o'clock—they remained there till about twenty minutes before six o'clock—they then came out with two or three others, and went towards London-bridge—that was all I saw of them at that time.

Foster. The statement is perfectly correct—I spoke to him, and asked him to have a cup of coffee. Witness. He did speak to me outside the house, MARY HARRISON. I am sister to Mrs. Pillow. On the night of the robbery I fastened the kitchen window, between seven and eight o'clock—I went to bed at eleven o'clock—I saw every thing safe before I went to bed—I looked at the fastening at eleven o'clock, before I went to bed, and it was all secure—there was no pane of glass broken then—the doors were quite fast—Mr. Pillow fastened the back door—he went to bed before me—the desk was in the parlour—there was no desk on the kitchen table then.





JOHN WOODHOUSE
 (police-constable N 13.) In consequence of information I received I went with another constable to Unicorn-square, on Friday morning, about a quarter past eight o'clock, and saw the three prisoners soners in company together in the square, near Lambert's sister's house—I laid hold of Lambert and Donovan, and told them what I wanted them for—they both said they would not go—they made great resistance, and Foster said to Lambert, "Bill, you had better go quietly if you have not done any thing"—he still continued to resist, and threw himself down on the ground, but I succeeded in taking him to the station-house—in going there I observed Lambert, who was then in Conlan's custody, take something from his coat pocket—I was behind him, with Donovan—I laid hold of Lambert's hand, and took this veil from it—I asked him where he got it—he said it was his sister's—I told Conlan to search him—he then became very violent again in the street, and both he and Donovan threw themselves down—I did not see Conlan search Lambert—I searched Donovan, and found a sovereign in his fob pocket, and a crown-piece and five half-crowns in his right-hand trowsers pocket, three of which were new—I had a great deal of trouble to get them from him—Foster walked with us till we began to search Donovan and Lambert, and then he ran away—he had on a close-bodied claret-coloured coat, and a great-coat over his arm, which I think he has on now—he afterwards came to the station-house, about half-past eight o'clock, dressed as he is now—I do not know what had become of the claret coat—he had not got it on—I commenced searching him, and then he took his money out, and gave me—it was one crownpiece, a sixpence, three fourpenny-pieces, and 6d. In copper—there were no

shillings—I was at the station-house when a duplicate was shown to Donovan—he said it was his—I asked him what it was for—he said for a pair of boots, that they were his own boots, he had pledged them himself.

JURY. Q. Why not take Foster into custody at first? A. I had not sufficient strength—we had enough to do with the others.





EDWARD CONLAN
 (police-constable M 131.) I was in company with Woodhouse on Friday morning, the 25th of January—I searched Lambert, and found on him a pair of braces, a silver caddy spoon, four pieces of foreign coin—a pair of silver shirt-sleeve buttons, two five shilling pieces, two half-crowns, one quite new, a sovereign, some shillings, sixpences, and fourpenny pieces, and 1s. 51/2d. In copper—while we were taking Lambert and Donovan along, Foster said he would go on quietly, but as soon as I commenced searching Lambert, he went away—I cannot say whether he walked or ran away—he had a close-bodied claret coloured coat on—he came to the station-house about a quarter of an hour afterwards with a different coat on—I think he had the same great coat on his arm that he has on now.

Foster. I have sent for the coat I had on, it was not a claret—I know I changed my dress, but not in the way they speak of—what colour is claret? Witness. A dark brownish colour—I am sure it was a dark claret coat he had on, and he had on a different dress when he came to the station-house.





SOPHIA PILLOW
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I was called up by my husband between six and seven o'clock on Friday morning, the 25th of January—I went into the kitchen, and saw the window wide open, and a pane of glass broken—I know this lace veil to be mine—I have had it many years—I have a white one which my sister worked from it of the same pattern—I have often worn it—it is rather a rusty colour—I had teen it within a week of the robbery—I kept it in the parlour drawer—I have not the least doubt it is mine from the pattern and colour.





JOHN PILLOW

re-examined. This caddy spoon is mine, it has the initials of my first wife on it, "J A P"—this knife belongs to Mary Harrison—these sleeve buttons are mine—they are engraved with my father's initials "E P," I have had them about two years—the braces I know are mine—I have not recovered any of the wearing apparel—there is property t o the amount of 2l. Not recovered—here is a silver rupee which I know perfectly well—there is no mark on it, but I had one and missed it—here is a small French coin, a Napoleon, which I have had for years, and a George the Second halfpenny—they are all mine.





EDWARD CONLAN

re-examined. The George the Second halfpenny, and the foreign coins were found on Lambert.

Lambert's Defence. I was going home about half past twelve o'clock at night, the policeman met me at the corner of a court by a public-house—he said, "Well, Bill, are you going home?"—I said, "Yes, and going to bed"—I went into the public-house first to have a pint of half-and-half, and when I came out, he said, "You might as well have given me half of it"—I took him in, and he had a glass of the best rum along with me—he then said, "You had better go home and go to bed"—I did so and he saw me in doors—I got up at half past six o'clock next morning, and going underneath the rail-road, towards the Borough, I saw a lot of things underneath the rail-road in different places, separate from each other—there was

a veil, a pair of braces, and a lot of coins—I picked them up, and put them in my pocket—I then came up as far as St. George's church in the Borough, and went into a public-house to have half a pint of coffee—I there saw Donovan—I sat down and got rather intoxicated—he wanted to see me home as I could not take myself home, and about nine o'clock, he took me into a cab, and I was taken by the policemen.

Donovan's Defence. I was coming home from my aunt's at Deptford at past twelve o'clock—I met Lambert, and said, I was very dry—he went into the public-house with me to have some half-and-half—the policeman was inside, and he said we might have given him some of it—we treated him with a glass of rum, and went home—when I got up in the morning, I was going for an errand to Whitechapel for my father, and met Lambert and Foster in a public-house—he treated me with some coffee there—we all three of us stopped there, got rather intoxicated, and I took a cab to see Lambert home, and two constables came and took us into custody.

Foster's Defence. On Thursday evening, about ten o'clock, I went into the King's Arms public-house in Kent-street, kept by Mr. Clark—I remained there till half-past three o'clock in the morning—I then came out, and went to the public-house where sergeant Featherton says he saw me at four o'clock—the doors were not open till a few minutes after four o'clock—there were some scavengers and several working men waiting there to get something to drink—I went in and staid there till half-past five o'clock, when Lambert and Donovan came in, and asked me to have something to drink—we had something, and soon after Lambert asked me if I would get him a cab to see him home—I got him one, and we rode as far as Unicorn-square, where Lambert's sister lives—he went in there, and came out again while Donovan and I were waiting outside—he said, "I shall not stop at home"—I told him he had better, as he was very fresh, and he would only get drinking, and if he had a shilling or two to take care of them—nothing would persuade him, and while we were talking, the policeman came up, and said they were his prisoners—they did not offer to take me, but took the other two—I walked four or five hundred yards along with them, and while they were searching Lambert and Donovan, I went into a public-house and had a glass of gin—I then went home to my landlady—I told her that Lambert and Jones were taken up while I was talking to them at their door, and I thought they would come and take me, so I would save them the trouble, and go and give myself up—I had a cup of coffee, and pulled off my coat, for I had been to the station-house several times before, and they knew I was rather a roughish customer—I went and gave myself up—I have written several times to the landlord of the public-house in which I was until half-past three o'clock, but he will not come, because he is afraid of being fined for having his house open—if you will give me time to subpoena him, I could make him come and speak the truth—I do not mean to say I was not in the prisoner's company, but I am as innocent of the charge as a child unborn—I wish to ask Woodhouse whether he did not go and inquire where I was at the time the robbery was committed—he promised me he would.





JOHN WOODHOUSE

re-examined. I did go, and the publican where he says he had been until three o'clock, told me he left the house at twelve o'clock, and did not return at all.






ROBERT LIVERSEGE
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of Lambert's former conviction, which I got from the office of Mr. Lawson, Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read)—I was present at his trial—Lambert is the man who was then convicted in the name of Thomas Smith. LAMBERT—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life. DONOVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—FOSTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—




Transported for Fifteen Years.
