





97. 




CORNELIUS HALEY,


 JOHN MARNEY
, and 



JAMES DAVIS
, were again indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Henry Greenwood, at 
St. George, about two o'clock in the night of the 
14th of November, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 spoon, value 5s.; 20 halfpence, and 34 farthings; his goods and monies.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM HENDERSON
. I am a lighterman, and live in King-street, Old Gravel-lane. Greenwood's public-house is right opposite my house—on the 14th of November, between one and two o'clock in the morning, Rippon called me out—I heard a till drawn out in Greenwood's house, and then rattling of copper money, and heard glass break—I sent Rippon in search of a policeman, while I waited outside—on his returning with the policeman we knocked at the doors, front and back-Greenwood came down in about ten minutes, and let the policeman and me in—we found somebody had got in through the sky-light-two squares of glass were broken in the sky-light over the bar parlour at the back of the house-as soon as I got in the policeman laid hold of Haley in the house, outside the bar—he said Davis and Marney had been with him, and escaped through the sky-light.





THOMAS RIPPON
. I am a painter. I was in company with Henderson on this night, and heard the breaking of glass inside the prosecutor's house—I fetched Crawford the policeman—I stopped at the front-door while they went in—I did not see any body come out.





JAMES CRAWFORD
 (police-constable K 253.) I was fetched by Rippon—I went into the house, and found the sky-light broken, and Haley in the bar-parlour, but before that I found the drawers in the bar forced out, several papers scattered about and quite disordered, and the bar-parlour door had glass broken in it—I found Haley lying on the carpet in the bar-parlour, with his head towards the stove—I pulled him up, and he asked me if I had got the other two—I asked him what two he meant—he said, Jem Davis and John Marney, and that they bad got out of the sky-light—I took him to the station-house, returned, searched the bar-parlour, and found a jacket, which Haley claimed—I found some halfpence in that jacket pocket-Haley had got some rag round his finger—I did not see whether it was cut.





HENRY GREENWOOD
. I keep the public-house—it is in the parish of St. George in the East. I was called up on the evening in question, and found Haley lying in the bar-parlour—the officer showed me two of the halfpence found in Haley's jacket—I had two exactly similar the night before—I had tried to pay one of them away the night before, and it was refused, as a piece was cut off, and a hole punched in it, and the other is exactly like one I had—I found my till broken open, and 1s. 1/2 d. in halfpence, and 8 1/2 d. in farthings, was found in Haley's pocket—I had left about that amount in the till the night before, and that was all gone—they could not get into the house without breaking in—I had shut it up myself the night before—the sky-light was not broken then-Haley said they got in through the sky-light—that was the only part broken-nobody could have been in the house when I went to bed—I am certain of it—I shut up about eleven o'clock—the sky-light is about thirteen feet from the ground—there is a

table in the middle of the room the sky-light is in, right under it—he might dropdown from it into the room—he could get on the paling in the back yard, and then on the kitchen tiles, to the sky-light—there were marks of somebody having been on the tiles.

HALEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

DAVIS


MARNEY





NOT GUILTY
.
