





First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
170. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Clark
                        




                     
                  , on the 24th of November
, at St. George's, and stealing therein 1 spoon, value 2s.; and 1 pepper-box, value 20s. her goods
            .


                  ANN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a widow
, and live at No. 5, Upper Chapman-street, Cannon-street-road, in the parish of St. George


. I keep the house - it is my dwelling-house - On the afternoon of Sunday, the 24th of November, I went out, about four o'clock; I left nobody at home - I latched and double-locked the door, and left a rushlight in the room - between six and seven o'clock my attention was called to the house; I returned to it, and went in with a key - my door was then on the single lock, and I found the drop-latch lying in the passage; I kicked against it, and picked it up - the cupboard-door in the back-parlour was open; I had left it shut, and fastened by a brass button - nothing was actually taken out of the house - I found a silver tea spoon in a cup and saucer, and the other in a mustard-pot, which they had been in when I left; but I found them taken out of the cupboard, and put on a table, and one was broken in halves - I had a silver pepper-box; I had left that one on the shelf, and it was removed off to another.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When you were going out, did you try if the lock was fast or not? A. Yes, I did, and am sure I double-locked the door; it is my dwelling-house; some call it St. George's Middlesex, and some St. George's-east - I am sure of that; I have paid rates for a number of years.


                  JOHN 
                  GINGER
               



            . I am a gold-beater, and live at No. 3, Upper Chapman-street. On the 24th of November, I was near the house No. 5, standing within four or five yards of the house; I saw four persons at the door, whether the prisoner was one I cannot say; there is a court leading into the street, about half-a-dozen yards from the prosecutrix's house, on the opposite side of the wasy - it is not quite opposite; I saw the prisoner under that court at half-past seven o'clock; he was about six yards from the house; we went under the court and found him standing there, and took him; the policeman, my brother, and I, went up to him and asked why he was standing there; he said he was waiting for a female; the policeman said he must come to the station-house, and we proceeded on very quietly till we came to the bridge over the London dock basin - my brother was close behind him, talking to him; he turned round to make a reply, and put his hand over the rail of the bridge and dropped something into the water, which made a great splash; and directly opposite the station-house he pulled an iron jemmy out of his pocket, and put it on the sill of a chandler's shop window; I took it up and gave it to the policeman; Clark, the prosecutrix's daughter in-law, came forward into the station-house, as she went into the station-house, the prisoner went towards her and said, "You are another one that has come to swear my life away;" that is all that passed in my presence.
Cross-examined. Q. How broad is the street? A. Half a stone's throw; I think about four yards and a-half;there is an arch over the court it was raining very hard at the time; the arched court would protect the prisoner from the rain; there were four men round the door - I am not certain the prisoner was not one of them - according to the best of my memory, it was half-an-hour after seeing the four men, that I saw the prisoner under the arch; the court opened into the street - anybody passing up the street, could see the prisoner if they looked, there was no one else sheltering themselves at the time; I did not observe Mrs. Clark's door when the four men were round it - they appeared to surround the door; a short man stood next to the door - I could see them by the gas-light; I thought it not prudent to speak to them; I saw the policemen about twenty minutes after seeing the four men; my brother went to look for them; it was half-an-hour from the time he first went, till we took the prisoner out of the court; I did not know any of the four men.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTLER
               



             (policeman K 48). I was called to Upper Chapman-street, on the night of the 24th of November; I got there after seven o'clock - I cannot say how much; I saw the prisoner in the archway opposite the prosecutrix's house; I asked what he was waiting there for; he said he was waiting for a friend - a female; I asked how long he had been there: he said, "Not above five minutes;" I said he must go with me; and I took him to the station-house; on the road, he threw something over the bridge in Old Gravel-lane; I said he had thrown it away; he laughed, and said, "What will you do with me now?" I said, "Witnesses have seen you throw it away;" he told me not to name it to the magistrate that he had thrown anything away; if I did it would be a doner for him - and he would give me a sovereign in the morning when his friends came; I said, "I must do my duty;" I saw him lay something on the cill of a window; Ginger took it off the cill - it was a jemmy; that window is about fifteen or twenty yards from the station-house; he said he knew nothing about it, that I had laid it there to put a plant on him; I took him into the station-house; plant, means I had put it there to convict him, or something; I afterwards took that instrument to the house No. 5, Upper Chapman-street, and examined the state of the door and premises, and applied the jemmy to the marks; there is one mark of the point of it on the door-post, and of the shoulder, on the door, in a position which would enable a person to open the door, as if the shoulder had rested to give force to the other part; and the marks corresponded with the shoulder and point of the instrument exactly; the impression was quite perfect as if it had been moulded in clay; I can say positively it must have been done with this instrument, or one exactly like it; I only applied it to two places on the door where the latch was wrenched off, the impression was fresh and strongly marked - I have no doubt that impression was made by this instrument.
Cross-examined. Q. If he had been one of the four men, he could have got more than fifty times the length he was from the house in half-an-hour? A. No doubt of that; I call this a very good instrument; one of the same size would of course make the same marks; Ginger was across the way when the prisoner offered me the sovereign; he could not hear, for the prisoner whispered it to me - he did not whisper about the plant; Mrs. Clark came to the station-house with me; he asked if she was come to swear his life away; the house is in the parish of St. George's-in-the-east.


                  SARAH 
                  ANN CLARK
               



            . I am the wife of George Clark, the son of the prosecutrix; I live at No. 42, Richard-street, Commercial-road; on Tuesday evening, the 19th of November, I was in Walbeck-street, one end of which, leads into Upper Chapman-street, I saw two men at the corner of Walbeck-street - I passed by them, and walked on the opposite side of the way, I looked over and saw a man at Mrs. Clark's door; I crossed over and asked him which was No. 8 - I was afraid to ask him what he wanted there; he turned himself round from the door, keeping his hands behind him, and said, "Further on, further on the other side of the way;" there was a gas-light there, I could see his face - I know it was the prisoner; he was standing in the door-way of No. 5; this was on the 19th of November; I said to him, "No, I think I am near it," and I knocked at the next door to No. 5, which is Mr. Potter's, and he walked away; Mrs. Potter came to the door with a candle in her hand; I afterwards saw the same person pass in the street two or three times; when the prisoner was in custody on the 24th of November, I went to the station-house and he made a rush towards me, and would have struck me, but the policeman pushed him back again, and he said, "Here is one, I know now, come to swear my life away;" I saw the jemmy applied to the door; it agreed as if it had been moulded in a bit of clay.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not hear the policeman make that observation? A. No; it was the Tuesday before the robbery I saw him, which was on a Sunday; I did not live with the prosecutrix; the house is No. 5; nothing happened to the house on the 19th of November; the name of the parish is St. George.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTLER
               



            . The parish is always called St. George's-in-the-east.


                  SARAH 
                  ANN CLARK
               



            , re-examined. I always heard the parish called St. George's east; the church is an old one.
MRS. CLARK. I have always heard it called St. George east.


                  DANIEL 
                  RICHARD HAWKINS
               



            . I am an officer of the court, and a parish clerk of St. Stephen's Coleman-street; I know the parish is always returned in our bills of mortality as St. George in the East.
Prisoner to 
               
                  SARAH 
                  ANN CLARK
               



            . Q. When you came to the station-house did not you state that I was the man you had seen at your mother's house and you knew me by the buttons shining on my coat? A. I never spoke to you at all - I did not say it was by the shining buttons I spoke to him - he rushed towards me and spoke himself - I said at the Thames police, that he had shining buttons; I did not give that as my reason for knowing him - when I saw him at the foot of the door I thought it might be the prosecutrix's son, but when I saw his shining buttons, I knew it could not be him and noticed him.


                  EDWARD 
                  GINGER
               



            . I am the brother of 
               
                  John 
                  Ginger
               



            . I was in Chapman-street, on the 24th of November; my father's house is only two doors from the prosecutrix's;I saw the prisoner forcing the street door of Mrs. Clark's house open; I took no notice of him but proceeded on, and two of the gang came running over; we left there immediately, went to a public-house and brought a witness out and consulted what was best to be done; he advised me to go for an officer - I brought Butler and as we came back, I pointed out three or four of the gang, and on coming into Chapman-street, I saw the prisoner down the court; I took the policeman over and said that was the man who was at the door; the officer asked what he did there; he said, he was waiting for a female; the officer took him, and in going to the station-house, on the bridge, he made a kind of a stop: I thought he was going to strike one of us; he hallooed out and threw something over the bridge, which made a great splash; he said, "What will you do with me now?" the officer took him on; he said, "Do not you say what I threw over the bridge, to the magistrate; and my palls in the morning when they come down, shall give you a sovereign, and we will always be a friend to you;" when we got near the station-house, I saw him take the jemmy out of his side pocket, and before I could lay hold of it, he laid it on the cill; I afterwards saw the policeman apply that to the marks on the door of No. 5, and it fitted as if it had been put into clay - I did not hear anybody make that observation at the time - there was the print on the door - it fitted exactly.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not observe any clay there? A. No; my brother and I were living in my father's house together at the time - I did not point out to my brother the man who was forcing the door open - my brother was walking arm in arm with me - he did not perceive it at the time to my knowledge, not till I told him of it, which I did when we got to the court, in about half-a-minute - I think there were three or four men at the door when I saw the prisoner - we had just got to the corner when I pointed out the man - I told my brother there was something wrong there, and pointed them out - I did not point out this man in particular - the policeman told me that the prisoner said his friends in the morning would come and give him a sovereign - I did not hear him say that myself - I saw him put the instrument down myself - I should think it was not more than ten minutes after I saw the man forcing the door open, that I gave him into custody.


                  ISAAC 
                  BOOKING
               



            . I live at Great Smith-street, Westminster. On Sunday evening, the 24th of November, Mr. Ginger came to me and requested me to go with him as he thought there was a plot laid on Mrs. Clark's house - I went out and met the prisoner in Chapman-street, a little after seven o'clock, walking down towards Cannon-street; we then went back after Ginger had shewn him to me; we got a policeman, and took him under the archway - I went with the officer when he was apprehended - I had not seen him do anything in Chapman-street - I saw him there twice; I was with 
               Ginger
             the second time; it was not above seven or eight minutes after the first.
Cross-examined. Q. It was not half-an-hour? A. Not from the first time of seeing him to the second; 
               
                  Edward 
                  Ginger
               



             fetched me - I am a bookbinder - he was walking in the street when I saw him first - I had just come out of the house - Ginger came into my mother's house to apprize me of it, and his brother; but the brother left us when we came in the street - when we came back I saw two men at the corner.
Prisoner's Defence. About half-past seven o'clock, on Sunday evening, I was coming through Chapman-street: it was raining very hard; I stood up under the court and had been there about three minutes, when a policeman came up with two men and took me.
Thomas Barrett, brush maker, No. 23, High-street, Mileend, New-town; John Platt, brush maker, Brick-lane; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Humphreys
               



            , Fishmonger, Cloth-fair; Joshua Threader, No. 3, Trafalgar-place, North-street, New-road; gave the prisoner a good character.




               GUILTY. Of stealing only
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
