




209. 




LUKE GRADY
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of November 1 ton weight of coals, value 16s., the goods of the 

Vauxhall Waterworks Company, his masters: and 





JOHN CURLEY



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Proseuction.





GEORGE RYDER PEPPERCORN
. I am clerk to the Vauxhall Water-works Company, Grady was in their employ as carman on the 22nd of November—Curley had been occasionally, as an extra man—it was part of Grady's employment to move coals from the store of the Company in Cumberland Gardens to Kennington-lane.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long has Grady been in the Company's employ? A. About three years—they employ about sixteen labourers.





JOHN STEWART
. I am employed on the Company's premises as engineer. On Tuesday the 22nd of November Grady loaded some coals at the stores at seven o'clock in the morning—he drove that load away, and returned about twenty minutes before eight o'clock and loaded another load—I

assisted him in doing it, and saw him leave the yard—I do not know what he did with the load.





FREDERICK SKITTERELL
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Vauxhall-street on the 22nd of November, and saw Grady drive the cart from Vauxhall-street into Prince's-road, and shoot the coals out of the cart opposite No.58—the prisoner Curley then came out of that house with a clothes-basket and shovel, filled the basket with coals, and carried it into the house—he then returned for a second basket—as he was filling that, I said to him that he had got a dirty job—he said he had—I went to the Water-works in Kennington-lane, and made inquiry—I then went to Cumberland Gardens, and made further inquiry—I then returned to Kennington-lane, and saw Kennelly, and by that time Grady came up the yard without either horse or cart—Kennelley inquired of him how many loads of coals he had brought from Cumberland Gardens—he said only one, and that he had just delivered—I asked him where he brought the load from which, he delivered in Prince's road—he said he had not taken one there—I detained him, and he was given in charge—I am sure he is the man—I have known him four years—it was about a quarter past seven o'clock in the morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you say things before the Magistrate about speaking to Grady about the coals? A. Yes, and also about his saying he had but one load of coals—it was taken down, and read over to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did the man who drove the cart go away directly he shot the coals? A. Yes—Curley came our before the cart was out of sight.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Must any body acquainted with the cart know what sort of a one it was? A. Yes.





EDWARD KENNELLEY
. I am employed at the Gas-works at Kennington. On the 23rd of November Grady brought one load of coals the first thing in the morning—he did not bring two, to my knowledge—I afterwards asked him, in the policeman's presence, whether he had brought one load or two—he told me one load—I had not been at the office all the morning—I came there at a little before or after six o'clock—when the policeman gave me information it was about half-past seven o'clock, up to that time there had not been two loads, delivered to my knowledge—there might have been without my knowing—I heard nothing said to Grady about another load.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Then you do not know of your own knowledge that only one load was delivered? A. No—I saw one delivered—I was at the gate when it came in—it was all thrown down in the yard—I was in the office till the policeman came—there is not any window into the yard—it is possible another load might be delivered without my knowing it—I could not tell that from the quantity—there is a door-way to my office into the yard, and that was open.





RICHARD HOWARD
 (police-constable L. 83.) On the morning of the 22nd of November, about half-past eight o'clock, I went down Prince's-road, from information I had received from Skitterell—When I got to No. 58. I found the pavement washed quite clean—it seemed as if coals had soiled the road—directly I got there Curley came out of No. 58 with a sack with some coals on his shoulder—asked him what he had got there?—he said, "Coals"—I said, "What are you going to do with them?"—he said, "To take them to my sister's in place of some I borrowed"—I took him into custody.

(William Ramage, builder, Gloucester-street, Queen-square; and William Davis, Green-street, Leicester-square, gave Grady a good character)

GRADY—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

CURLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined One Year.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

