





682. 




GEORGE ALLEN
 and 




JAMES COX HARRINGTON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of February, 1 till, value 6d.; 2 pence, 40 halfpence, and 72 farthings; the goods and monies of 




Thomas Bilbrough; and that Allen had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS BILBROUGH
. I live at No. 18, Golden-lane, and am a cow-keeper. About eight o'clock in the evening of the 9th of February, I heard a cry of "Stop thief"-my wife called me, and I found Allen in custody-my till was on the pavement, and the halfpence and farthings strewed about—I had had some halfpence and farthings in my till, which was placed in the counter of the shop—this is my till-(looking at one produced.)





ANN EOERSDOFF
. I was going past Golden-lane this evening, and saw Harrington standing outside the prosecutor's shop—he looked very hard at me—I turned to look again, and saw Allen lying on Mr. Bilbrough's counter—I said to the other prisoner, "I see what you are doing, robbing the till;" and Harrington said, "Hush! hush! hold your tongue"—I turned back and said to Allen, "Come out"—he drew the till out of the counter, and ran to the door with it in his hand—I gave the alarm—I do not know what became of Harrington, I lost him—I saw him at the window for about two minutes—he was walking by, and looking in occasionally.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You were looking in also? A. Yes; I should not have looked if he had not looked at me—there was no harm in looking in—I never saw the prisoners together—I cannot tell whether they were acquainted.





HENRY ELLIOTT
. I live at No. 27, Golden-lane. I was outside cleaning my window, which is opposite to the prosecutor's—I saw the two prisoners pass and re-pass the prosecutor's shop for some minutes, and then I saw Allen enter the shop and throw himself across the counter-Harrington was watching, and frequently peeping in—I saw Allen take the till from the counter, and before I could get across he was seized by a person-Harrington struck the person who seized Allen—he slipped from that person, and I seized Allen with the till in his possession—the other got off.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen Harrington before? A. Yes, I have seen him in the lane frequently—I am certain of his person.





HENRY ISAACS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Allen's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office-(read)—the prisoner is the person who was then tried in this Court.

ALLEN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

HARRINGTON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.
