



2091. 




LAURENCE DOYLE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of July, 1 cart, value 15l.; 1 leaden cistern, value 5l.; 1 pair of springs value 2l.; I axle-tree, value 2l.; and 4 scroll-irons, value 5s.; the goods of 



Samuel Hawkins Jutsum.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





SAMUEL HAWKINS JUTSUM
. I am a wholesale butcher, carrying on business in Whitechapel. I have a shed in Harrow-alley, where I keep my carts. On Saturday night, the 21st of July, I had a green painted cart there, and a leaden cistern—the cart cost about 22l., and was new within eight months—the cistern was old, but perfect, and weighed between 4 and 5 cwt.—I had also a large truck there, which was turned on the tail-board, the springs, and axletree, and scroll-irons, were torn off from that, which I should think would take two hours to do, and taken away they were missed next morning—two or three days afterwards, Dudman came, and gave me information, in consequence of which, I found a portion of my cart—(looking at the tail-board)—I know this to be mine, by

its make, being made to my order, and I painted it myself after it was broken at one end—I have lost the other articles entirely—I have only Covered portions of the body of the cart—my name and address was on the tail-board when I lost it, which is now taken off—it was painted on it in large letters, two inches long—a man named Warwick was concerned in this, and was prosecuted last Sessions.





THOMAS DUDMAN
. I am an officer. On the 25th of July I received information that Mr. Jutsum had lost his cart—I know a shed in Castle-street Whitechapel—Warwick, (who was convicted last Sessions,) and the prisoner, kept trucks in that shed—I searched it, and found there a portion of Mr. Jutsum's cart—a portion of a truck belonging to Mr. Botterill, and parts of several others—the portion of the green cart I have produced was found there.





SAMUEL EVERETT
. I have been in Mr. Jutsum's service. On Sunday morning, the 22nd of July last, about half-past four o'clock, I saw the prisoner in High-street, Whitechapel, drawing a green cart—it was the way a person would be going from Mr. Jutsum's cart-shed to Castle-street—I knew it to be Mr. Jutsum's cart—I saw his name on it—I had driven it for three months myself, and knew it—I did not know whether the prisoner might not be in the prosecutor's service—there was another person with him—I watched the prisoner, and waited till he returned, which was not five minutes—I spoke to him—he gave me no answer, but walked away up Gulston-street—a day or two afterwards, hearing Mr. Jutsum's cart was stolen, I called, and informed him of what I had seen.

Prisoner. Q. Was it not your duty, if satisfied of my identity, to stop me, and give me in charge? A. I did not know whether you had a right to it—I knew you before, and knew you were not in Mr. Jutsum's service—you bad a butcher's frock with you—a man called big Bill was with you—we always call him so in Whitechapel—when lie saw me he kept behind—it was not Warwick—I had driven the cart three months, and knew it.





THOMAS DUDMAN

re-examined. I know big Bill—I have not been able to find him since July.

MR. JUTSUM
re-examined. In my judgment it would require at least three men to carry away the property I lost that night.





HANNAH REED
. I am single. On the 22nd of July I lodged in Castle-street, Whitechapel—about half-past six o'clock that morning I had occasion to go into the back-yard, which encloses a shed occupied by the prisoner—I saw the prisoner there, with a hammer and chisel, breaking up the body of a green cart which was on the ground—I saw the axletree and wheels standing against the wall—on the following day, Monday, at a quarter before eleven o'clock, I observed the prisoner take the axletree and wheels away—they were the same as I had seen in the yard on Sunday.

Prisoner. Q. How do you know it was the prosecutor's cart I broke up? A. I do not—it was a cart painted green—I did not see the name on it—the wheels were green.

Q. Did you ever see me roll wheels out before? A. No; I have seen you there before—I was in the wash-house at the time I saw you break the cart up—it was in the front shed—there are two sheds—I could see into the shed from the wash-house.

MR. JUTSUM. My wheels were green.

Prioner's Defence The prosecutor has brought a different witness to

swear against me to the one he brought against Warwick—lam taken for him, and he was taken for me—the first witness proves he saw me with the cart in Whitechapel, at such an hour, and the parties who swore to was wick swore they saw him with the cart in Whitechapel; why not have the same witness, instead of having contrary witnesses—the prosecutor has since this taken Everett into his employ on purpose to swear against meseveral others rent the place as well as me.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
