







Before Mr. Justice Alderson.
240. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CODEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HARDWICK
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEWIS
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Sinfield
                        



                     
                  , on the 17th of December
, at St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 10s.; 2 waistcoats, value 11s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 8 yards of linen, value 9s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 snuff-box, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Sinfield
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 waistcoat, value 6s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 5s.; 1 pair of braces, value 6d.; and 1 coat, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Job 
                  Bunker
               



            .
WILLIAM SINFIELD. I am a labourer
, and live at No. 5, Luke-street


, which is in the parish of St. Luke, Shoreditch, I think - on Tuesday evening, 17th December, I left my house about five o'clock - my brother Stephen and Job Bunker were with me - I made the house fast, and left nobody in it - my brother shut the door - I stood against the door when he shut it - it fastens with a springlock - I tried it and it was fast - I was fetched back about six o'clock, and found the door open - I went up stairs and found my things lying about the room - my lock was broken open, and my clothes taken out and lying in the room strewed about - I missed a silver watch, which I had had about six years - I lost a shirt, two waistcoats, two handkerchiefs, a piece of shirting, and a snuff-box - my brother keeps the house - he rents it and lives there - his name is Stephen - he is a labourer
 - I live with him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Have you any other name but William? A. No; I only lodge with my brother.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are there separate entrances to the house? A. No; we all lodge together - I pay my rent weekly - My brother is a quarterly tenant - he rents it of Mr. Warner, who don't live in it - nobody else lives in it - I do not pay rent to Warner.
JOB BUNKER. I lodge with 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Sinfield
               



             - some things were taken out of my box that night - a coat, waistcoat, trousers, braces, and handkerchief - there is a back-door to the house, leading into the yard - the front door opens into the street.
CHARLOTTE ISHERWOOD. I live exactly opposite Sinfield's house - on the Tuesday evening about six o'clock I was sitting by the fire and heard a knock at Sinfield's door three separate times - I then went to the window of my room up stairs, I had no candle - I saw three young men standing in the street - it is a very narrow street - there was a good light - the moon was shining in the opposite side where they were, and there was a light from the shop below, and a gas light at a small distance. I did not know any of the men - I saw them at the door - I now know them, but I did not know them before - two of the prisoners I know, I can't swear to the third - I can speak to Codey and Hardwick, but not to Lewis - when I first looked I saw them looking to the opposite side - two of them went towards the Curtain-road, and one towards Paul-street - they came back in about five minutes - the two came back, and the other was there directly after - when they came back they stood looking at the opposite side for a minute, and then they were on the step of the door - Codey then turned round, and the door opened - they opened the door - it was fast before I know, because they knocked at it - the moment it opened, Codey took a light from his pocket, and the others followed him into the house - Hardwick went first, and the other one went after him - they shut the door- I stood at the window, and saw them all three come up stairs with a light - the stairs are opposite the window - I saw them come right up into Sinfield's front room, next the street, on the first floor - they walked across the room with a light - I immediately went down stairs and gave an alarm to Mr. Dodge and to Cox the policeman - they went across directly - I just went into Sinfield's house afterwards and looked into the parlour - I was so very agitated at the time I saw Hardwick sitting in a chair; and I mentioned him asCodey - I was much agitated, and I thought it was him, but I was mistaken in that - I said it was Codey, but I was mistaken; it was Hardwick - I had never seen either of them before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This rather agitated you? A. Yes: certainly - I did not mistake one man for another at the office.
THOMAS DODGE. I live in Luke-street, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch - Isherwood gave me an alarm- I, and Cox the officer, ran over - I could see a light in the front room - I knocked at the door three times, as hard as I could, and I then saw the light was put out - I gave an alarm of thieves - my brother and others came over, and I saw Hardwick come out of the front door of the house - I stopped him in the doorway and held him - Cox laid hold of him also - we held him a short time - we took him into the house, and he was taken to the station-house without being out of custody - he was searched by Cox - I did not notice what he found - I found, just within the street door of Sinfield's house, a watch, all but the outside case - I found it as soon as he was taken to be searched - it was lying at the entrance - I afterwards went up-stairs, and saw Mrs. Howlet take up a crow-bar, just within the front room door, where I had seen the light - I took it down into the parlour and asked Hardwick if he knew anything of it - he made no answer - I gave it to Cox - my back was towards the door - I did not see anybody else rush out at the door.
JOHN COX. I am a policeman - I was present with Dodge, and seized Hardwick, and kept him in custody - he was coming out into the street from the front door of Sinfield's house - I have tried the crow-bar to the box upstairs which was broken open - it fits exactly - I am fully persuaded it was used to break it open - I found a key, a knife, and handkerchief, on Hardwick - it is a skeleton key, and will open the front door - he was kept in custody.
THOMAS BAKER. I am a policeman - I was called on to assist, on the 17th of December - I was at the back part of Sinfield's house, and saw two or three men at the back door - they appeared trying to make their escape - I was on the wall - they saw me, and rushed back into the house again - I followed them; and followed two of them out into the street, and took one, that was Codey - I did not lose sight of him at all - he ran about five or six hundred yards - I took him to the station-house - he was searched, and eleven skeleton keys, a snuff-box, and three halfpence, found on him - I gave up the snuff-box and three halfpence to him.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Did you search him at the station-house? A. Yes - I felt the keys in his pocket before, but did not take them out.
BENJAMIN DODGE. I was alarmed, and went with the last witness to the back of the house - I returned back through No. 4, and followed Lewis - I was a distance off, and when I got to the front door, he was a few yards from the door, running down Luke-street - I followed him, and hallooed, "Stop thief" - I lost sight of him - I came up afterwards, and found him in the custody of another man - I cannot positively swear to Lewis being the man I followed - he seemed a little agitated, as if he had been running - I took him back, and let him go, as the people round said I was not an officer, and had no business to detain him - I am sure it was 
               Lewis
             that I took into custody.


                  EDWARD 
                  HENRY
               



             SABINE. I saw Lewis stopped by a strange man - I don't know the man.
WILLIAM WALLER WINGROVE. I heard the cry of"Stop thief" - I looked out at the door, and saw a man of the size of Codey running along - a gentleman caught hold of him - he said, "I have done nothing," and twisted his wrist aside - he was stopped; and he said to me, "My lad, run, and fetch my hat" - I said, "Where is it?" - he said,"In Leonard-street" - I went and fetched it - he asked me where the handkerchief was - I said there was none; and he said there was.


                  DAVID 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am a policeman - I took Lewis into custody - found nothing on him that was claimed by the prosecutor.
HENRY BERESFORD. I have the property which was found in the room.
WILLIAM SINFIELD re-examined. I know this watch to be mine - the outside case is gone - the handkercheif found on Hardwick, and the property found scattered about the room is mine.
The prisoners made no defence.
Alice Barnes gave the prisoner Hardwick a good character.
CODEY - 

               GUILTY
            . AGED 21.
HARDWICK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.





               Transported for Life
            .
LEWIS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
