





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1538. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOYCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 7th of October
, 1 watch, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stevens
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Upper Seymour-street, Euston-square, St. Pancras


. On the 7th of October, I went out about half past eleven o'clock - I left my watch on a nail in the parlour - I was sent for about twelve o'clock, and it was gone - I saw it at the station-house, in the policeman Wells's possession - this is the 
watch (looking at it) - I am certain it is mine.


                  CHARLES 
                  LEE
               



            . I live opposite Mr. Stevens. On the 7th of October, between twelve and a quarter past twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner run from the step of the prosecutor's door - he turned up Bedford-street, which is no thoroughfare - he came back, and ran straight down Seymour-street - I ran to the street door, and saw Mrs. Stevens, and from what passed, I ran after the prisoner, crying, "Stop thief," and when I got up, he was in the custody of Wells - I saw a policeman pick up the watch.
Cross-examined. Q. Your shop is opposite Mr. Stevens's, I believe? A. Yes - master is a bookbinder - I was at work in the shop - I was looking through the window atthat time I saw him - I saw nobody near the door but the prisoner - I did not go over to Mrs. Stevens - I saw her, and she said something - the prisoner was then about 150 yards up the street - other people were going in the same direction, a-head of me - I saw the policeman pick up the watch near a new hat-shop window, half-way between the church and Mr. Stevens's house, which was in the direction the prisoner ran - other people walked in the same direction, but the prisoner ran as fast as he could - the other people did not run - I do not think any body ran till I said, "Stop thief" - he ran from the step of the door - I never saw the watch in his possession.


                  DAVID 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Clarendon-street. On the 7th of October, I was in Seymour-street, about ten minutes after twelve o'clock, and saw the prisoner running - he ran up to a man, who stood with a card board in his hand, and tried to shift something into his hand - I saw the policeman run and take him into custody - I then saw him come back about five yards - a trench had been opened to lay the gas into a shop - I saw him take the watch out of his breeches pocket, and throw it into the french - I told Wells of it.
Cross-examined. Q. How far were you from him? A. Close to him - he could see me close to him.


                  JAMES 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am a policeman. On the 7th of October, I was in Seymonr-street - I heard a cry of "Stop thief," turned round, and saw the prisoner running - I saw more running at a distance behind him - he being foremost I ran after him - he got up to a man with a placard board in his hand - I caught hold of him, and said, "What have you been doing?" - he said, "Nothing" - I took him about six yards back, and asked the people what he had done - they said he had stolen a watch, and supposing he had given it to the placard man, having seen him shove something toward him - I asked him what he had given him - he said, "Nothing" - Cooper said, "The watch lies in the trench," and I picked it up there; and at the station-house, I asked what business he had in Stevens's shop - he said he went to ask for a job.
(
               
                  Andrew 
                  Page
               



            , tailor, No. 26, Colonade, Russell-square, and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lee
               



            , butcher, Osseden-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
