



2068. 




ANN JACKSON, alias
 Maria Donaldson,

 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of July, at St. Marylebone, 1 spoon, value 10s.; and 1 pair of stays, value 30s.; the goods of 



Robert William Pearse: 2 coats, value 4l.; 1 shawl, value 5s.; 1 box, value 5s.; 1 brush, value 6d.; and 10 combs, value 1s.; the goods of 



Bennett Gosling; in the dwelling-house of the said 



Robert William Pearse.






ANDREW WYNESS
. I am a policeman. Last Monday, about four o'clock in the morning, I was in Wigmore-street, and met the prisoner—she passed me, and went on a little way—I followed her into Edward-street, and into Barrett's-court, and before I got into the court she was out of sight—I found a door shut, I pushed it open, and she stood at the back of the door, with this bundle in her arms—I said, "What have you got here?"

—she said, "Two coats"—I said, "What, old coats?"—she said, "Yes, rubbishing old things which were given to my husband; they are good for nothing"—I said, Where did this box come from which she had got?—she said, "I do not know"—I said, "Here are a pair of stays"—she said she had bought them—she said she was taken very ill, and wanted to go to the water-closet, but I found the back door shut—I allowed her to go to the bottom of the stairs—I afterwards took her to the station-house, where she was searched.





SOPHIA NOBLE
. I am a searcher at the station-house. I found a silver spoon, a brush, and comb, in the prisoner's bosom.





HANNAH PEARSE
. I am the wife of Robert William Pearse, and am a milliner, in Regent-street. The prisoner has lived with me as cook, but left on the 10th of April—I do not think I saw her after that at my house—this spoon and these stays are mine—the spoon was not in my possession, but in the care of the valet of Mr. Bennett Gosling, who lodges with me—I miss one spoon out of twelve—I saw the stays safe in my house last Friday—they were delivered to a lady last Friday by my porter, and on Saturday were returned to be altered, and put into a box on a chest of drawers, in my hall—they were in my house on Sunday morning—they have the lady's name on them who they were sent to.





ROBERT MOODY
. I am porter to the prosecutor. I fetched a pair of stays on Saturday night from Paddington-green—I took them home, and took them to master's house on Sunday morning—I left them in the hall in a box—I believe these to be the same—the door was not bolted as usual when I came on Monday morning—it was on the latch, as it would be in the day-time.





THOMAS WENLOCK
. I am valet to Bennett Gosling, Esq. I went into the country with my master on Saturday night—I returned about six o'clock on Monday, and missed some coats—these are them—they belong to Mr. Gosling—I saw them safe at two o'clock on Saturday in the wardrobe in the bed-room, and this spoon was in the bed-room also—the prisoner was servant at the house at one time—I have not seen her in the house since—this box belongs to Mr. Gosling—I saw that on Saturday—it contains an instrument—it is locked, and has not been opened.

Prisoner's Defence. I was out at an early hour on Monday morning—I saw a young man, who had the bundle—he said he would give me the coats, which cost 14s., and 5s. if I would take the parcel for him as far as Duke-street.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
