






1709. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     ROLAND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  SIMPSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Milligan
                  




               
            ; and that the said 
               
                  Richard 
                  Roland
               



             had been before convicted of felony.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLIGAN
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in Old' change. On the 3rd of September, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was in Newgate-street


; my handkerchief was safe a few minutes before, when I was in Holborn - I did not perceive it taken; I saw the prisoners in the custody of an officer in about two minutes - I did not miss it until a young man gave me information - I then felt in my pocket, and it was gone; the officer produced it.


                  JOHN 
                  NUGENT
               



            . I live in Fox-court, Gray's Inn-lane, and am a printer. On the 3rd of September, I saw the prosecutor in Newgate-street, and saw Roland take a handkerchief from his pocket, and give it to Simpson, who was in his company - I laid hold of Simpson; they had not got half a yard from the prosecutor.
Roland. Q. Are you in employ now? A. No; I was never in custody on any charge - I was errand-boy to Mr. Gilbert, in St. John-square; I did not apply to the prisoner's father to give me money not to appear - they offered me money.


                  GEORGE 
                  WEBB
               



            . I was on duty as street-keeper in Newgate-street; Nugent gave me information - he held Simpson in his hand, and said he had the handkerchief; I found it under his left arm - he pointed out Roland in about a minute, as being the one who took it, and I secured him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Roland's Defence. I was in Newgate-street, and saw a Tow; I went up, and the gentleman took me.
Simpson's Defence. I saw the handkerchief on the ground, took it up, put it inside my coat, and walked on; the gentleman crossed, took me, and said I picked his pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAVEN
               



            . I am messenger at the Police-office, Hatton-garden. I produce a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner Roland. which I got from Mr. Mr. Clark's office - I know him to have been the person convicted in April last - (read).
ROLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
SIMPSON - GUILTY. Aged 16.



               Judgment Respited
            




.
