





1218. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DONOVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, 1 coat, value 40s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sanders
               




            .


                  ALFRED 
                  WILLIAM HAYMAN
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sanders
               



            , a solicitor
, in Elm-court, Temple. He sent me, on the 7th of March, to Calthorp-street for a coat; I went and received it, with a cloth on the top of it, and was bringing it home - I saw the prisoner and another person in Gray's Inn-lane; the cloth dropped from the coat; I took it up, and the person who was with the prisoner came and said to me, "Have you a knife to scrape the dirt off;" I said No - he then said if I would go into a public-house just by he would borrow a hard brush, and brush it off for me when it got dry; he took me to the Three Tuns, Brook-street, Holborn


 - the prisoner and the other man went in, and I followed; I put the coat on the right-hand table, and dried the cloth - I turned round in five or six minutes, and the coat was gone, and the prisoner and his companion - the coat has not been found; I am quite sure the prisoner is one of the men; he was taken in about a month.


                  EMMA 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am thirteen years old - I live with my father, who keeps the Three Tuns. I recollect this witness and the prisoner coming in; there was a dark greatcoat in the room - I do not know where it laid, but I saw the prisoner come out with it under his arm, and go away.
JOHN MANNING. I am a traveller. I was at the Three Tuns, and saw this lad come in with two or three persons, and go into the tap-room; I was at the bar, taking a glass of ale; one of the men came out of the tap-room, and asked for a hard brush - the landlady turned to get it out of a locker, and while she did that one of the men went off with the coat; I consider the prisoner was one, but I cannot swear to him - I could to the man who asked for the brush.
JOSEPH HIGGINS (Police-constable F 35). I was in a house about a month after this - I heard the prisoner and some others talking about a coat, and I took him on suspicion.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 7th of March I was in a public-house, asleep - I wrote to the waiter to come, but he is not here.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
