





1504. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WELLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, 1 male ass, value 15s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     George William 
                     Somerville
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SOMERVILLE
               



            . I am the son of the prosecutor. I am ten years old - I know the nature of an oath - on the 19th of September, my father left me to mind a male ass - I went with it to Pancras-fields


 - I had been there half an hour when the prisoner and another boy
 came to me - the prisoner asked if my father wanted to sell it, and offered me 10s. for it - I said my father did not want to sell it - he then went away, and in a quarter of an hour he came back - the other boy took hold of the donkey's ear, and the prisoner took a great stick and hit him - they made him gallop - I went after them, but could not catch them, and I went and told my father - I have seen the donkey since - when my father brought it to the office door.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. How long afterwards was it when you saw it? A. It was found the next day, but I did not see it again till last Friday - I have always told the same story - I had seen the prisoner before the day he took the donkey - I did not know where he lived' but I knew his name.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  DIGBY
               



            . I am a baker. My brother is captain of the brig Jane - he wanted some donkeys to go abroad - the prisoner brought this donkey to my door - he said his father was a dealer in those sort of things - I said it was too small - he said it was very hard after he had laid out his money to take it back again, and I bought it of him for 9s.
Cross-examined. Q. What was it worth? A. Better judges then I am, said it was not worth 5s., but I suppose it was worth 7s. I had to buy a dozen - it was an open transaction.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM SOMERVILLE
               



            . This was my donkey - I found it in the custody of a City policeman who is not here.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEATH
               



             (police-constable S 124). I received the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought it in going to Smithfield - I looked at it, and a young fellow said, "Do you want to buy one?" he let me have it for 7s. - the man was with me when the baker bought it of me: and when he asked if it was all right, the man stepped up and said he bought it of his father.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
