



2661. 




GEORGE SMITH, alias
 Jones,

 was indicted

 for a robbery a 



George Smith, on the 
14th of August, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 chain, 2 seals, 1 key, and 1 ring, value 13l., and 4l. 12s., his goods and monies.


MR. PAYNE. conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE SMITH
. I am a farmer, and live at Eltham, in Kent I was at Lee races on the 14th of August, and was returning home between ten and eleven o'clock, with Mrs. Morgan on my arm—I was about fifteen yards from the main road, near the gate leading out of the main road—I was rather alarmed going along, as Mrs. Morgan looked back and thought she heard something—we walked a few yards further, and I found a handkerchief or something stuffed into my mouth, and I was pushed down to the ground—I thought at first it was only a joke of some friends I had left behind, but I found them rifling my pockets—I found a hand in one pocket, and the other hand over my watch-chain, as I laid went on the ground—my watch was in my fob, and the chain handing out—I could not make any resistance—I contrived to halloo out once—I put my hand on my watch—the chain broke close to the pendant of the watch, and the chain was taken away with the seals, ring and key—I have never seen them since—I also lost a purse containing two old guineas, two sovereigns, and a half-sovereign, altogether about 15l. or 16l. worth of property—I held the prisoner by his trowsers—be was holding my head—I did not see any person besides him—I could not see those behind me—I saw there were three persons when I looked round, but could not distinguish them—the two who I consider took my property went away—

I held the prisoner fast by his trowsers till I got on my legs, and then held him by the collar—he hallooed out, "The will not let me go"—the other two then returned and hallooed out, "Kill the b—,"and I received several blows from them, which at last compelled me to let go of the prisoner—they struck me about the side of the head and the back of the neck-blood came out of my nose, and I got a cut on the cheek—the prisoner had not got six yards before Mr. Forster, a friend of mine, came up to the gate—I had got my mouth clear immediately the men left me—Mr. Forster said, "Who is that?"—I said, "There is the man getting over the gate now"—the prisoner was then getting over the gate, which was about fifteen yards from me—he had on a smock-frock—Mr. Foster followed him over the same gate I believe—they hallooed out, "Smith, we have got a man"—I said, "Let me see him, if it is the man who stopped me he has got a smock-frock on, and it is torn down the front by my holding him"—they said, "He has not got a smock-frock on"—they were speaking in a direction in which the man had gone, and not ten yards from the gate—I saw the smock-frock afterwards produced, and it was torn as I described—they brought the prisoner to me, and I identified him immediately—I knew him directly, for I held him a minute and a half—it was quite light enough? to see him—our faces were close together—I am quite positive he is the roan—he was searched, but nothing was found on him, nor in the place where he laid—the other two men had gone to the left, and the prisoner to the right—they did not go over the gate.

Prisoner. He knew nothing about the smock-frock till he went before the Magistrate, and then he swore to its being torn. Witness. I had noticed it at the time—I told them it was torn before I had seen it, and I told the policeman so.





MARY MORGAN
. I live at Ainsford, near Farningham, in Kent. I was going along with the prosecutor on the night of the 14th of August, near the highway, by the race-course, and thought I heard somebody behind me—I looked round, and about five minutes after three men came together behind Mr., Smith, and knocked or pushed him down, I do not know which—they said nothing at the time—Smith called "Murder" once, and then I found be could not halloo again, and I called "Murder, police, thieves," as loud as I could—I was very much frightened, and went away home, leaving Mr. Smith there, after I saw him safe—one man was dressed in a white smock-frock—I called "Murder and thieves," till I heard somebody say, "Hold him, there is an officer coming"—that was not one of the three—I was not more than three yards off—I was too much frightened to see what was done to Mr. Smith—I stood and called "Murder!"





JOHN FORSTER
. Between ten and eleven o'clock on the night of the 14th of August I was going from Lee races, and heard a cry of "Murder" when I was about fifty yards from Mr. Smith—I had not been in the prosecutor's company—Mr. Archer was with, me—he is not here—I ran to the spot where I thought the sound came from, and saw a man with a white smock frock on, running from Mr. Smith—he was about five yards from him when I first saw him—Smith said, "There he goes over the gate"—I pursued the man Smith pointed out—I lost sight of him for about a minute, when he got over a bank about sixteen yards from the gate—I got over the bank, and found him—he had just got over the bank, and I saw his white stockings—he was lying on the bank under some thistles—I felt his white stockings, and said, "What do you do here?"—I collared

him, pulled him up, and his white smock frock was underneath him—I said, "Halloo, my man, you had this frock on just now"—he grunted and said, "Mine is a brown frock"—Mr. Smith was crying "Murder," and "Police"—he came up to us, and said, "That is the man, he had a white smock frock on"—I said, "Yes, he had when he got over the gate"—Smith said, "I had hold of the frock with my right hand in front, and it is torn."

Prisoner. Q. Was I tipsy or not? A. You were not tipsy when we got to the cage—you appeared so when I found you—you pretended to be so—I did not see the other two men.





HENRY MUMFORD
. I am a constable of Lewisham. I was at Eltham race course on the night in question, and heard the cry of "Murder, police"—I thought at first it was nothing, but finding it continued, I went in that direction, and was told a man had just jumped over a gate—I went over the gate, and saw some persons looking down at the bank—I asked where he was—they said, "He is over here"—I found Mr. Forster over the bank holding the prisoner—I said, "I am an officer, let us have him up"—he pretended to be lifeless almost, as if he could not stand—we took him to the cage—there was nothing the matter with him when he got there—I searched him, and found a garter in his pocket with a peg—its used to gamble with.

Prisoner's Defence—(written.) "As I was at Lee races I met with a few friends who asked me to have something to drink, and afterwards found myself intoxicated, I went and laid down, putting my frock, which was torn two or three days before the races, under my head—I was arrested by two or three men, who accused me of robbing a man, and as I knew I was innocent I refused to go with them."




GUILTY
 Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

