




1228. 




ANN JOHNSON
 and 



BRIDGET BARBER
 were indicted for

 stealing on the 
26th of April, 1 watch value 5l. 10s.; 2 seals, value 6s.; 2 watch keys, value 2s.; and 1 watch chain, value 2s.; the goods of 




Charles Gilbert from his person.






CHARLES GILBERT
. I am a servant. I was stopping at No. 6, Grosvenor-square, with my master, who lives in Wiltshire—about half-past two o'clock, on the 25th of April, I was going to my lodging in Oxford-street—a person resembling Johnson came up to me, under the archway of a stable, where I had gone for a necessary purpose—she was in my presence about two minutes, but I took little notice of her—about two or three minutes afterwards, I felt for my watch and it was gone, also my seals, chain, and keys—I then searched for a policeman, and described the watch to him—he took me to Marylebone office, the next morning, where I saw the watch—this is it—every thing is here, but one of the stones off the seals is punched out—I have no recollection of seeing Barber—there was but one woman—I was not tipsy.





WILLIAM STUBBING
. I am shopman to Mr. Hard, of York-street, Westminster. I produce a watch which was brought to pledge by Johnson on the 26th of April—I did not like the appearance of the battered state of the seal, and rather doubted whether she was the right owner—I asked her whose property it was, she said it was her fancy man's—I asked who he was, she said, "Burn",—I said I should like to see Burn—she left the shop, and in about two minutes returned with the prisoner Barber, who claimed it as her property—I asked how she came by it, she said it was her husband's who was George Cookson, and belonged to the 5th Fusileer Guards—I said I should not give up the property, without a better account of it—they left, and in two minutes, a policeman came in, and described the watch—the prisoners came back again, in a few minutes, to ask whether a letter from Cookson would do, to satisfy me he was the owner of the watch—and I then gave them into custody.





THOMAS FURSEY
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner Johnson.

Johnson. Q. Did you see a person on the other side of the way? A. No I did not see a young woman with you.

Johnson's Defence. Last Tuesday fortnight, I was going to get an affidavit for an article I had lost, and a young woman, whom I knew very well by seeing her in Oxford-street, asked me to go and pawn the watch—I

took it, not knowing it was stolen—the pawnbroker asked me who owned it—I said, "My young man"—he asked me to bring him forward—I came out of the shop and went to the young woman, and told her—she said she was known at the shop, and tole me to go back—as I went I met Barber going to redeem a handkerchief at the same shop, and I asked her to say the watch was her's—I have not seen the girl since.





THOMAS FURSEY

re-examined. I saw Johnson on my beat in Oxford-street that night, about ten minutes before I heard of the robbery, and drove her away—I see her there every night, and Barber also.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

BARBER—


NOT GUILTY
.
