




1842. 




WILLIAM BROWN
 and 




HENRY FRANCIS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
25th of May, 1 work-box, value 2l.; 4 reels of cotton, value 4d.; 1 thimble, value 2s.; 1 pair of scissors, value 2s.; 1 penknife, value 1s.; 1 pencil-case, vaule 4s.; 1 tea caddy, value 30s.; 1/2 lb. weight of tea, value 3s.; and llb. weight of sugar, value 9d.; the goods of 




Mary Smith.






MARY SMITH
. I am single, and keep a confectioner's shop, in Whitmore-place, New-road, Marylebone. On the 15th of May, at two o'clock in the morning, I was in bed, and was disturbed by the policeman knocking at my back door, telling me there was some one in my house—I dressed myself, came down, and found the two prisoners in my bake-house, in custody of two policemen—I found my work-box, tea caddy, and other things, removed from where they had been in the parlour, at eleven o'clock, the night before, when I went to bed—we judge they got in by my servant's bed-room window—these articles are all mine—(looking at them.)





JAMES COLE
 (police-constable D 25.) I was on duty in Whitmore-place, going round my beat, and on looking over Miss Smith's window shutter of

the bakehouse, I perceived a small light in the parlour window, which separates the bakehouse and the parlour—I waited a little time, and saw the light move about—I then saw Brown come out of the parlour door to a little landing-place, where a few steps lead into the bakehouse—he was followed by Francis, with the two boxes—they made their way into the bakehouse—I placed myself against the bakehouse door which leads out, and in a little time the door opened a little way—I pushed it open, and caught hold of Brown—I then closed it, and sprang my rattle—a fellow-constable came to my assistance, and we took them both—they were carrying the property produced—I found some skeleton keys on a bench close by where I took Brown—they were not there before.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you try them to see if they would fit any thing? A. I did not, as the doors were fast, and I had no occasion.





JOHN BROWN
. I am a policeman. I was on duty, and way called to Coles's assistance—I took Francis into custody in the cellar—this is the property that was found.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

FRANCIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for seven Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Tindal.

