





1627. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 2 watchkeys, value 10s.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; and 1 split ring, value 1d.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ellis
                  




               
            , the younger.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am eleven years old - I know the necessity of speaking the truth - my father's name is 
               
                  John 
                  Ellis
               



             - he lives at No. 4, Basing-lane


. On the 24th of September, the prisoner came and asked me for a newspaper - I told him we did not take any paper, but my father had had a paper in the evening from Mr. Adams - I went up stairs to get it, and when I got into the room, he was behind me - I saw him take my brother's watch off a meat-hook - when he saw me he shut me in, and ran down stairs - I ran down, and cried "Stop thief."
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. What is your father? A. My mother is sextoness of the church - there was no one in the house - we have one lodger, but she was out - I was at the door, going to shake the mats - my brother's watch had been in the front room on the first floor- I had seen it in the morning when we were at breakfast - my brother breakfasted there - I do not know what time he went out - the prisoner said he came from Mr. Adams - when I saw him behind me, I was very much alarmed - I did not go into the street, only to the door - I saw the landlord of our house - I saw the prisoner again when they had taken him, which was not half an hour after he had been in the room - I swear he is the man, by his being in the same dress - he had the same clothes on as he has now - I did not look at his face - he had something of a white handkerchief with different stripes on it - it was not a white one altogether- I cannot say the stripes were not red - I do not know what trowsers he wore - he had a kind of a brown cap on - my brother's name is John - he is fifteen years old - he got this watch by saving up his money while he was in the Ward school.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TEASDALE
               



            . About eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoner running down the street with a brown cap in his right hand - I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and caught him in my arms - he threw himself down on his left side, and put his left hand down the grating of Mr. Rook's wine-cellar - I very soon had him up upon his legs again - I went afterwards, and found this watch under the grating.
Cross-examined. Q. Were there any other persons running? A. Yes; three or four - they were round the grating - I went to the grating in about five minutes - two other persons went with me - I went down behind them on the ladder - we found the watch under the grating.


                  JOHN 
                  ELLIS
               



            , JUN. This is my watch.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you had it? A. About eighteen months - I gave 30s. for it - it was all my own money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
