




1276. 



ELIZA BENWELL
 and 



CHARLES WILLIAM WRIGHT
 were again indicted for

stealing, on the 
5th of August, 1 tablecloth, value 5s.; 1 bed-gown, value 4s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.; 2 shifts, value 10s.; 2 napkins, value 2s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 smelling-bottle, value 9s.; 1 brooch, value 5s.; 2 forks, value 30s.; and 2 spoons, value 10s.; the goods of 



Jane Matilda Coghlan, since deceased, the mistress of the said Eliza Benwell.






THOMAS HUGHES
. I am in the service of Mr. Baylis, a pawnbroker, in Hampstead-road. I produce several articles stated in the indictment—I took in part of them from the female prisoner.





THOMAS PAYNE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Baylis. I produce a shawl, a table-cloth, and shift, pawned by the female prisoner; these are the duplicates which were found at the prisoner's lodging.





BENJAMIN TIMS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Harris, a pawnbroker, in Tottenhamcourt-road. I produce a brooch—I do not know who pawned it.





HENRY PERRIN
. I am a pawnbroker, in Holborn. I produce two silver forks and two spoons, pawned on the 10th of January—they were taken out and pawned again; these are the duplicates.





JOHN HAYDON
. I am an officer. I took the prisoners—I found the duplicates of all these things at the lodging.

MRS. BROSTER. I am the wife of Richard Broster. I was a friend of Mrs. Coghln—Benwell was four years in her service—some months before Mrs. Coglan's death, I was there and heard Benwell say that she had seen a table-cloth drawn down a rat's-hole, and a napkin and two silver forks.





ANN SMITH
. I am single, and live in Charlton-street. I was in the habit of visiting Mrs. Coghlan—I know all this property to have been hers—I have had it in my hands many times.





RICHARD BROSTER
. I know all the property to have been Mrs. Coghlan's.

Benwell's Defence. These things were given to me by my late mistress—she said I might keep them till her death, and then if I wanted money I could part with them.

BENWELL—


GUILTY
.—


Transported Seven Years more.

WRIGHT—


NOT GUILTY
.
