





Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
527. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     DENYER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, 8 pairs of shoes, value 24s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Chart
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  CHART
               



            . I am a shoemaker
. I live at Great Ealing


 - the prisoner has worked for me nearly nine years. In consequence of information last Saturday morning, I went to Mr. Butcher's, and found a pair of shoes, which I could swear to - I went in about three hours to the prisoner's house; he was from home - his wife fetched him, and I said I had something serious to talk to him about; that he was aware I had lost property to a great amount - I had traced property pawned at Butcher's, and had traced it to him; he put his hands up, and said, "All that I have got to say, master, is, be merciful"- Tomkins was there; he said he had not taken much - I said I was convinced he had taken a great deal; I said"You have taken eight pairs in one week" - he said,"No, master, five pairs I took in one week;" he still asked for mercy, and said I should find more if I sent to Butcher's - I said, "You have shown no mercy to me, and can expect none from me;" I neither threatened nor made him any promise - I gave him in charge, returned to Butcher's, and found seven more pairs of my shoes.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. He worked nine years for you? A. Yes, and in my shop nine months - he has no family; I thought I could trust him with any thing, but I was constantly missing shoes.


                  JAMES 
                  TOMKINS
               



            . I was present when Chard and the prisoner were together. Chard said he was sorry to say he had found he had been robbing him to a great extent; he said, "Not to a great extent," the prosecutor said"You have - there are several more shoes pawned at Butcher's;" I think he said "Not above four or five;" then he said, "I think there may be seven or eight" - he said, if Mr. Chard was harsh with him it would be the first time that he had been harsh, for several of the men had robbed him, and he had not been harsh with any of them.


                  JAMES 
                  CHARLES BUTCHER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker and live at Brentford. I have some shoes, pawned by the prisoner's wife at different times; the first was pawned on the 19th of June.


                  RICHARD 
                  CHARD
               



            . They are all mine - the prisoner's wife was never in my employ, and had not access to my house; she has been there but once for three years.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
