



1666. 




DAVID JONES
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ellis Emery, on the 
26th of June, 

Christchurch, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 spoon, vlaue 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 6s.; 1 pair of ear-rigns, value 8s. 1 brooch value 1s.; 1 buckle, value 3d. 1 piece of cornelian, value 3d. 1 perncil case, value 9d.; 1 tooth-pick value 3d.; 1 things value 6d.; 2 rings vlue 5s.; part of a ring value 6d.; silver penny, 2 half-crown, and 2 shillings; her goods and monies.






ELLIS EMERY
. I am a widow, and live in Collingwood-street, in the parish of Christchurch. On the 26th of June I went out at nine o'clock in the morning—I locked up every thing before I went out, and locked the street door—I left nobody in the house—all the property stated in the indictment was quite secure in the back room up stairs, in the drawers—I returned at a little after eleven o'clock, unlocked the door and went in—I looked into the other room and saw a tea-caddy on the table—I unlocked the door, and went out and called a policeman, who came in and found the prisoner behind the door in the back room up stairs where this property was—he was quite a stronger to me and had no right in my house—he must have come in with false keys—I heard some keys rattle when he was taken—I found on the bed the property which I had left in the drawers—it is worth about 23s.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am a policeman. I was called into the prosecutrix's house on the day in question—I heard footsteps in the first floor back room door, and immediately went there—I found the prisoner behind the bed room door, and took him into custody—he immedidatleyt put his hand into his trowsers pocket and threw part of the property on the bed, and at the same time he threw these skeleton keys away—on searchinf him I found the rest of the property and amore sklelton keys on him—in all there are twenty-three skeleton and two jemmies, which would break any door open.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Life.


Beofre Mr. Justice Vaughan

