





1134. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EVERETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Harris
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I live at No. 3, Finsbury-street. On the 5th of June I was in Moorfields


, about nine o'clock in the evening - I heard some one walking after me very fast, I turned and found the prisoner closer to me than persons in general walk; I thought he wanted my handkerchief, but I felt and my handkerchief was safe - I then quickened my pace, and the prisoner quickened his; I turned White-street to go home and at that time I felt my pocket and my handkerchief was gone - the prisoner passed me and went straight on; I pursued him, and cried, Stop thief; he dropped my handkerchief, and ran on very fast; some youths endeavoured to waylay him, and his hat came off, which I picked up - he was stopped, and I came up to him, he had no hat on then - I did not say any thing, but the persons about the prisoner charged him with having taken my handkerchief; he said he was not the man, he was pursuing the thief - this is my handkerchief.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who knocked the prisoner down and broke his head? A. I did not see it done; I had lost sight of the prisoner - there was a lad at the station-house, but I did not see him produce any handkerchief; he did not produce this of mine, for I had picked this up - I think the lad gave his evidence; I really forget his name; I know where he resides, but I have not brought him here; I thought my own evidence was sufficient - the policeman saw nothing of the transaction; when I first suspected some person intended to rob me, the prisoner was behind me - there was one other person behind me, but lower down, but that was not the lad who brought this other handkerchief; I was at that time opposite Mr. Bennet's, the coach-maker's, in Moorfields - I missed the handkerchief just at the corner of White-street, which I think was half a minute after I found it safe; the prisoner was then about five yards before me, he was stopped at the corner of Moor-lane - I am certain I saw the prisoner throw my handkerchief down.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRILL
               



             (police-constable G 72). I took the prisoner, and have the handkerchief which the prosecutor gave me - here is a handkerchief which a lad came up and gave me when I had the prisoner in custody; he said,"Here is a handkerchief which I saw him throw away - I picked it up."
Cross-examined. Q. Why did you not allow the lad to be examined? A. I did not hinder it; he went to the station-house; his name was taken down at the time, but I don't know what it was; I don't know that I heard it - I know the street that the lad lives in - I did not break the prisoner's head; I did not knock him down; if he broke his head at all it must have been in his falling down - when I went to catch him, he went against the wall, and then he fell down and I fell at the same time - I can solemnly swear I did not take out my staff at all till after the prisoner was in custody; and I never struck him with it - I took the lad to the Mansion-house; I did not tell him not to go before the Grand Jury; I said he might please himself.
Prisoner's Defence. I was proceeding from my work in the Minories; I was going up Ropemaker-street; there was a cry of Stop thief - the police-officer came up and knocked me down; I said it was not me, but they would not let me go; a lad came up and said he had seen me throw away a handkerchief; I was then taken.


                  Ann 
                  Devy
               



            , No. 2, Church-row, and - Cottrell, of Redlion-market, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.* - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
