





391. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 45 yards of flannel, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Berry
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BERRY
               



            . I live in Vine-place, Old-street-road
, and am a linen-draper
. On Saturday, the 1st of January, I was behind my counter, between three and four o'clock; I heard a noise at the door, and in consequence of some information, I went out - I saw a woman and the prisoner; he was about thirty yards from my shop, and had a roll of flannel under his arm - I went up to him, and told him he had my property, which I knew it was; I told him he had taken it from my shop, and I took him back with some assistance - he said, a man had given it him; I looked at it, and knew it was mine - I missed it from my door, when I went after the prisoner; I had seen it safe not three minutes before, secured by a chain; there had been another piece on it, and the noise I heard was of the top one falling, and the chain rattling against the door-post - there were forty-five yards of flannel.
Prisoner. I said a young man had given it me not twenty yards off; I should judge I was three hundred yards when he took me. Witness. No, I think not, he was walking.


                  THOMAS 
                  PUGH
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Davies, in Chiswell-street. I was in the prosecutor's shop - I ran out, and saw the prisoner round the corner with the flannel under his arm; I went up to him, and the prosecutor followed me; he went back to the shop with us.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MEALEY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner, and he said he got the flannel from a respectable dressed man, who shoved it under his arm and ran off.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up Old-street-road; I had half a pint of beer at the corner - I went on about three hundred yards, and a person came up in a blue coat, a velvet waistcoat, and mixed trousers - he asked if I was going up the street; I said, "Yes, to Holborn" -he said he had forgotten something, asked me to take the flannel, and said he would follow me - I had not got twenty yards, before the prosecutor came - I never saw the man before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Transported for Seven years
            .
