



2331. 




ELIJAH SILKMAN
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
29th of August, of an evil-disposed person, 22 necklaces, value 5s.; 11 razors, value 6s.; 159 brooches, value 4l.; 109 seals, value 5l.; 150 breast pins, value 4l.; 5 pairs of bracelets, value 4s.; 60 pairs of ear-rings, value 6l.; 17 watch keys, value 10s.; 14 rings, value 1l.; 71 snaps, value 5s.; 1 pair of scissors, value 3d.; 20 thimbles, value 8s.; and 1 jewel case, value 2d.; the goods of 



John Davis and another; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN DAVIS
. I am a wholesale dealer in hardware, and an importer of foreign merchandise. I live in Houndsditch, and am in partnership with my brother Alfred—I have employed Manly Abrahams as errand boy for two or three years—while he was in our service we missed a variety of articles of various sorts of jewellery—more particularly one parcel which was completely stolen—I have an invoice of it in my pocket—they we coral and jet ear-rings and pins—I missed this on the 29th of August Abrahams being still in my service—in consequence of something I heard, I went to the premises of the prisoner Silkman with my brother, two policemen, and the boy—the parties who gave us information told

us where he lived—we saw him, and searched his premises, and found a variety of articles and jewellery (the things mentioned in the indictment) in I which I knew to be mine—the prisoner keeps a lodging house—I believe there were two or three persons lodging in the same house—we found the things in the prisoner's room—I believe he had but one room—part of these things were in his box, with which he used to hawk in trade I sup pose and part in a chest of drawers—I recognise the greater part of an I these articles as being exactly similar to some I have missed—here is one that has my mark on it, a mock pearl set of ear-rings and a brooch—the mark is on the box—if these were sold, the box would be sold with them—I found some seals—they corresponded in every respect with a parcel of seals we had missed at the same time—we found a parcel of seals corresponding with what we found at Silkman's, concealed in a secret part of our ware house to which Abrahams had access—it is a sort of stove in the upper ware house, where we never kept any thing but bulky articles—there is a white mark at the bottom of this jet ear-ring—I noticed it when I purchased them, and being curious to know what it was I broke a piece off—this I found at Silkman's in the parcel of ear-rings which were stolen in the talk—it had never been sold, nor opened for sale; and these ear-rings were in the parcel which was gone, and found at the prisoner's—I have in my hand some more ear-rings, belonging to a parcel we missed in bulk, which has my mark, made when I purchased them—they were found at Silkman's, and a great variety of things which have never been sold, and correspond in every respect with those we missed—Silkman said he bought them of Mr. Sampson, Mr. Calisher, and myself—I am quite certain I never sold him any of these things—I have seen him at the shop, and he might have bought one or two brooches, which is the extent that men of that sort ever buy—I know those people, and have spoken with them—before I made this search at the prisoner's I had a communication from the boy Abrahams—we had a warehouse below, in the under part of the premises, where we kept very bulky things, such as foreign toys, totally different to things of this description—the greater part of these things were kept in a cupboard in the counting-house—none of them had been in the cellars below—I took one parcel out of my portmanteau and placed it on a counter in the warehouse—it was missed the same day—they were coral ear-rings, jet ear-rings, and pins, which were not intended for sale—we had the boy taken up as well as the prisoner, and upon advice we let the boy go before the Grand Jury.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many shopmen have you? A. Four—we have eight or nine people altogether—the rest are porters, packers, and errand-boys—the shopmen used to sell—I cannot say bow long the prisoner has been in the habit of dealing at my shop—it may be one or two years—an immense number of people come to our place—neither of the gentlemen I have named come to buy of us—they are dealers themselves—it is the habit among the lower orders of our persuasion to buy of one another at coffee-houses—I was not always the person that served the prisoner—I believe him to be a hawker—the box I saw was of the kind Pedlars carry about.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You have been asked about this man being in the habit of dealing with you? A. He was an occasional purchaser, but very seldom, to my own knowledge—perhaps he may have been in the warehouse eight or ten times in the course of a year—I am always in the counting-house—though

I do not always serve, I know what men are in the habit of coming.

COURT. Q. How often have you been out of town to Birmingham and other places? A. About three times a year sometimes; usually for a week, sometimes for a fortnight.





MANLY ABRAHAMS
. I am thirteen years of age, and am a Jew. I was in the service of a grocer, named Joseph, for two years—it is about two years and a half since I left him—he lived at No. 14, Bury-street while there I became acquainted with a Turkish Jew named David—in consequence of what he said I took a piece of gum of Mr. Joseph's, and gave to him—he did not induce me to take any thing more I took things after I came to Mr. Davis—David said to me, "If you don't bring me more things I will tell your master of your taking the gum, and he won't give you a character"—that was when I was going from Joseph to Mr. Davis—after I had been at Mr. Davis's six weeks or two months, I saw the prisoner at the beginning of Duke-street, Aldgate, walking about—he said, You may as well bring me some things as you brought to David, my countryman; and if you don't bring me some things, I shall tell your master"—I did not know where Silkman lived before that—he showed me his house, in Duke-street, Aldgate—in consequence of that I took first a paper of plated ear-rings—I do not know how many pairs there were—it was a good sized paper—he gave me 6d., and told me to bring him some other things—about two days after I took him a paper of black ear-rings—I do not know how many there were—they were black glass—I took them from boxes in master's stock he gave me 6d. again—I saw him again, and took him a paper of common seals—he then gave me 1s.—all the things I took were part of my master's stock—I then told him how I got at them, and said I was very much frightened—he said, "Never mind, don't be frightened "—then I took him a paper of another sort of seals, and I believe he gave me 6d. or 1s.—this was about six weeks or two months after I got to my master's—this went on from day to day, and week to week constantly—among the things I took were some jet ear-rings and coral in a paper parcel—I took that from a back board at the bottom of the shop—I do not know who placed it there—my master had been out of town a little before I took it, about a week—there was nothing in the parcel besides the coral and the jet—the paper was opened—I opened it when I took it to Silkman—my master had then lately returned from the country—the prisoner gave me 6d. for that—I had made a hole through a passage into the cellar where goods were kept, out of the place where I cleaned shoes and knives—I got the things by that means—I told Silkman of that—I took things on these occasions, and handed them to the prisoner—these transactions between me and the prisoner went on for about a year and a half—the hole I made was through a partition out of one cellar into another.

COURT. Q. Was that made before the jet ear-rings were taken, or after? A. After that.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What did you say to the prisoner? A. I told him I was very much frightened to go through the hole—he said, "Never mind, shut it up this week, and go to it next week"—f followed his advice—I always let him know where 1 got the goods from—after that some information was given, and I was found out—I had been in custody before I told—I said I took half-a-dozen seals—I was taken to the Computer, and then I told all about it—Silkman was then in custody—I have been

since detained in Newgate—there are none of the black jet and coral ear-rings here now.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you tell in what month you took these black and coral ear-rings? A. I cannot tell, nor in what year—I think it was 1837—I remember that perfectly now—I did not hear the words you said—I was not thinking of it—I do not know the month—it was about three or four months back, that my master came from the country—he went to Birmingham and Sheffield—the ear-rings were in a paper parcel—there was no mark on the paper of any kind that I ever saw—I was about twelve years old when I began with my former master—it is a year and nine months since I first began to rob any body—I was in Joseph's employ about two years and a half—I was about a week out of Joseph's employ before I came to Davis—it was a small piece of white gum that I took—I was two years in his employ before I stole that—I was about a year and a half in Davis's employ before I stole the jet and coral ear-rings—they were the last things I took, and that was about three or four months ago—I took nothing else but the coral and jet ear-rings, in the lasts two months—I remained in his service a fortnight after taking them—I could not say exactly how long ago it was—I did not ask Mr. Josephs for a character—I ran away from him—he used to hit me too hard—I was not found out stealing—I do not know what I was hit for—he never accused me of stealing any thing, that I am aware of—he never told me any thing about it, nor anybody else, that I know of—I do not know whether he told me that he thought I was robbing him, and beat me—I believe he owed me a week's wages when I ran away—David used to give me 6d. every time I gave him any thing, and then I would not take him any more—I took him things about once or twice a week, for a month, from Davis—the gum was the first—I never took him any thing but the gum from Josephs—I took a paper of ear-rings first from Davis—I used to take him some black ear-rings sometimes, and seals—I do not think I took him any thing else—he used to ask me, but I never did—he did not ask for any particular thing—I got through the hole to take away things from the shop—I made a hole through the cellar, and could get into the shop—the cellar was under ground—I could not get in in front—there was a pair of steps in the cellar, and I got up that way through a trap door—I got from one cellar into the adjoining one, where I got into the warehouse, and took them from the stock—I was taken into custody before I said a word about this—I was not brought to the Justice before I told—I was at the watch-house—Silkman was taken a little while after me—I had told before he was taken that I took half a dozen seals—I have not said that Silkman was taken into custody before I said any thing.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you count by Christian months? A. Yes—when I got out of the shoe-cellar into the stock-cellar I could go into the ware house—there was no necessity for breaking through the floor—I did that early in the morning, before the shop was open—David first set me on to thieving, and then Silkman—Silkman was taken about a quarter of an hour after I was—I said I had taken half a en seals before I saw Silkman.





JOHN DAVIS

re-examined. Q. Is this the invoice of a parcel you brought from Birmingham? A. Yes, one parcel of black and jet ear-rings—I took it out my portmanteau and laid it on a board, and the whole parcel was missing the next day—they were charged to me at 9l. 12s.—I had a partition in my cellar where a hole was made through, and from that cellar a person could

go to the warehouse by a flight of steps—the goods in the cellar were common toys—it was from information I received that I had Silkman taken.

Cross-examined. When did you go from town? A. About the 12th or 14th of August—I staid about eight days—I went to no place but Birmingham—that would bring it near to September—I brought a portion of the goods I bought—I took out these jet and coral ear-rings one or two days after my return—I missed them the day I took them out—I do not know whether there was any mark on the paper in which these jet and coral ear-rings were deposited—I rather think there was, but I am not certain on the subject—this ear-ring has a mark on the bottom of it—in my opinion that is not I dirt—I broke a small piece off at the bottom—five dozen pairs of ear-rings were in that paper altogether, with coral pins and coral ear-rings—I am sure there were coral pins—there were two dozen.

MR. PHILLIPS
to
MANLY ABRAHAMS. Q. Was there any thing else in the brown paper parcel but coral ear-rings? A. I did not see any thing else—I did not examine it particularly—I just opened it, and then I was obliged to go back again—I tore off a piece of paper from each side.





CAROLINE STANLEY
. I was in the service of Mr. Davis—I remember Abraham's being there—I know the cellar where he cleaned shoes and the knives—I remember the next cellar—I saw him there once at half-past six o'clock in the morning, about five months ago—he went down our cellar stairs—there was half the board open, and he stooped down and went through that opening.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. No—I came into Mr. Davis's service five months and a fortnight ago—I went down one morning, and could not find him—this hole was open—I said nothing—I thought I would watch him—the next morning 1 went down, this place was opened, and he was there—I said, "What the devil do you do there?"—he said, "Oh, Ann, I have been to hunt the black cats"—there were no black cats that I know of—I mentioned it to my mistress a week or ten days after, and my mistress mentioned it to my master, and he had it fastened up—this was five months ago, about a fortnight after I was there—it remained open a week or ten days—I had never seen any black cats there then—I have since—I did not suspect he was doing wrong—I thought it was a child's action.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You went about two months and two weeks ago? A. Yes—I had been in the service nearly a week when I saw this, or nine days—there might have been black cats there though I had not seen them.





CHARLES SMITH
. I am in Mr. Davis's service. I found a parcel on the 26th of September, before the boy was in custody—it was in a stove—I only took out one parcel—that was a parcel of seals.





ALMO SHEENO
. I am the secretary of the synagogue, and distribute alms. The prisoner was an applicant for alms during the last two years occasionally—he has had perhaps about 40s. in a year—20s. to get his licence, and, during the year, perhaps 20s. on application for relief—I heard of his being taken into custody—he had money for a licence in July or August.

Cross-examined. Q. Do not you find yourself sometimes deceived in these applications? A. Certainly—I have found that people that do not want money will come and make a poor mouth and get it—I should no have assisted the prisoner if I had not thought him an honest, fair man.


MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you take pains to know something of every man who applies for relief? A. We do not make any particular inquiry—we judge by their aspect and appearance—I never knew that the prisoner had jewels and property of great value by him—the smallest sum he has received was 5s.—his wife has received it—it was in his name.





JAMES MARTIN
. I am a City police-constable. I assisted in searching the prisoner's premises, at 18, Duke-street, Aldgate, and found all these things in the second floor front room—they were in the drawers, except those in the box—the others were scattered about the chest of drawers—Abrahams was with me—he did not point out the things—he pointed out the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. These things you found in his room? A. Yes—this is a usual pedlar's box—I had no difficulty in finding the things.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How many drawers were there? A. Three or four, with two small top drawers—two had got wearing apparel I think in them.

MR. ADOLPHUS
to
JOHN DAVIS. Q. Have you looked over the things found? A. I have—the value of the whole is I think from 30l. to 40l.

MR. PHILLIPS
to
MANLY ABRAHAMS. Q. How long did you keep that hole in the cellar open? A. About three weeks—I closed it up for fear my master should find it—I opened it occasionally as I wanted—I always closed it myself, the last time as well as the first—I never left it open at all.
(----Jackson of Crown-street; Moses Benjamin, a fishmonger, of Doke-street, Aldgate; and Moses Joseph, Bury-street, grocer; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin

