



1599. 




THOMAS WEBB
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Gooden, at 
West Ham, about the hour of three in the night of the 
15th of June, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 18 shells, value 10s.; 1 necklace, value 2s. 6d.; and 1 handkerchief, value 6d., his goods.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY GOODEN
. I am a foreman at the West India Docks, and live io the parish of West Ham, in Essex. On the night of the 15th of June I went to bed about eleven o'clock—my house was secured, and the kitchen window was all safe—I had occasion to get out of bed about three o'clock, as something disturbed me—I do not know what—I looked out of window, and saw the prisoner in the road, walking about, nearly opposite my house, about twenty yards from it—I went to bed again, but could not rest, thinking it strange—I was not quite satisfied, and got up again, went to the window, and looked out for about five minutes, to ascertain whether it was anybody belonging to the village—I saw him in the same place as before in the road—I went down stairs, and examined the state of my premises, and found the door had been broken open—I found the window up, and the doors open—I went out at the gate—the prisoner was just outside the gate—I collared him, and asked whether he was one of the village—he said he was not—I said, "Where do you live?"—he said, "In London"—I said, "You had-better be in London at this time in the morning, and not here; what do you get your living at?"—he said, "I am what you call a strolling player; I go about to'public-houses, singing and performing; and said he was waiting there till the houses were open—I told him I should keep him till the patrol came round—I called out for the patrol—he did not come up immediately, and the prisoner immediately put his foot between mine and flung me down on my back on the ground—he wanted me to let him go, and shook me, but I got hold of the other side of his collar, and held him—he struggled for a quarter of an hour—I saw the patrol coming round—he then got up, and said he would go with me where I wished—when Maslin came up I delivered the prisoner to him, and went back to my house—I found the kitchen window had a pane of glass cut out of the frame, and a screw had been taken out which fastens it in the middle—that could not be done without taking out the glass—I found the glass had been taken out by some kind of chisel—he could then open the sash and get into the house—I missed a handkerchief from a drawer in the

kitchen dresser, also my child's beads, which hung upon a nail overnight, and wme shells from the shelf—Maslin searched the prisoner in my presence, and found a kind of glazier's knife ground down like a chisel—I saw Maslin compare that chisel with the kitchen window, and it corresponded with the impression where the glass had been removed to a hair's breadth—I afterwards saw a boot which was taken from the prisoner's foot com—pared with impressions under the kitchen window, and they tallied exactly, particularly where a seam had been across the sole—I had dug the ground under the window the evening before, and it was soft, which made the impression full.





JAMES MASLIN
. I am a patrol of West Ham. About three o'clock in the night of the 15th of June I received information of a robbery, and went to Mr. Gooden's—I found him holding the prisoner by the collar in the road—Bright, a butcher, was standing by—I found this chisel on the prisoner, which I fitted to the kitchen window, and it corresponded exactly in every respect—I pulled the prisoner's boots off, and applied them to two footsteps under the window, and they exactly corresponded—I found in the prosecutor's house a box of lucifer matches without any lid.





HENRY GOODEN

re-examined. The lucifer-box did not belong to me—I hive not found any of my articles which were lost.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
