






2250. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JEPSOM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BARRETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of May
, 107 lbs. of segars, value 100l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry Broughton 
                     Parry
                  




               
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  BROUGHTON PARRY
               



            . I am proprietor of a tobacconist-shop
 on the north side of the Piazza, Covent-garden


; I had one or two hundred pounds worth of cigars. On the night of the 29th of May I secured my premises myself; I had a shop, but no dwelling-house there - I left the premises secure about three o'clock in the morning of the 30th - and the same morning my servant came to my dwelling-house, in Villiers-street, and informed me of the robbery; I went to the premises, found the place had been broken open, and the property stated was gone - I saw it again at Bow-street the same day; I have every reason to believe the cigars are mine - they were contained in two sacks, and an apron belonging to my shopman.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Three in the morning is rather a late hour? A. Yes, rather later than usual; these cigars have been kept by the Excise since the Magistrate delivered them up - I am certain they were not removed at three o'clock in the morning for fear of the Excise; I was detained there by two gentlemen from the Piazza-hotel, sitting smoaking there, and it would not do for me to turn them out - I am an Englishman; I have adopted the name of Henriquez, which is over my window, owing to my connexion with the Havannah and Spanish America - I have given receipts in that name.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you go before the Magistrate after Barrett was in custody? A. Yes, with my witnesses; he was allowed to go by giving sureties.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am a porter in Covent-garden market. On the morning of the 30th of May, between three and four o'clock; I was near the Piazza-coffee-house - I saw Jepsom and another man; they were dodging in and out from the Piazza to the market - I should know the other man again; I observed them till between six and seven o'clock - they were in the road fronting Mr. Parry's shop, thirty or forty yards from it; the prisoner Barrett drew up a coach about six o'clock - it was then broad day; I knew him before he drew up in front of Mr. Parry's (from twelve to fourteen feet off, only the width of the pavement) - I then saw Jepsom and the other person go up to Mr.Parry's; they had been a few yards nearer to James-street - some gentlemen came to the door of the Bedford-coffee-house, and stood there about three minutes, and Jepsom and the other man moved towards James-street again, but directly the gentlemen went away, they went to the shop door and went in - they were in about ten minutes, and then came out with two bags and a white parcel; Jepsom carried one bag - they walked quick, and put them into the coach; Barrett was sitting on the steps of the coach, with his face to the shop-door - he did not help any of the parcels into the coach; I went off towards the station and met the officer - I do not know which way the coach went- I told the officer what I had seen, and he went the way the coach did - I went with him; he stopped Barrett with the coach ten or twelve yards from the place, where it had stood - we found these bags and this parcel in it; I had seen Barrett at the coach-stand at the corner of Charles-street - I knew Jepsom; I had passed him fifty times a day in the market.
COURT. Q. Did you observe what Jepsom and the other man did at the shop door? A. No; they went to it, and it opened at the instant - I had known Barrett before, but I do not know that I had seen him on a coach - I had known Jepsom by sight for twelve months.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. And saw him fifty times a day? A. Yes, but I cannot tell what day it was; I have a constant place - I have before been in shops, and at various places; I never was in business: I do not know 
               
                  Henry 
                  Palmer
               



            ; I swear I never heard of the name: I was here once for taking some goods of my master's, and was sent to the House of Correction for twelve months; I worked at the tread-mill.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where had you seen Barrett? A. Attending his duty as a waterman, at the corner of Charles-street, and when he was discharged, he came again there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I vam street-keeper of Covent-garden market. On the morning of the 30th of May I saw Read, about seven o'clock - from what he said I went to the Piazza, near the prosecutor's shop; I saw Barrett driving the hackney-coach; I stopped it, and found these two bags of segars, and five bundles tied in an apron - I took them to the station, and gave information to the prosecutor; I found the shop closed; we could not get in- I believe it was fastened with a latch; I knew both the prisoners, and had seen them about the coach-stand, among the hackney-coachmen and cads, but I do not know that I ever saw Barrett drive a coach before.
COURT. Q. Have you seen the prisoners in company? A. I do not recollect that I have - Barrett was driving a coach, No. 154, belonging to Mr. Bird, of Rathbone-place - I took it to the Green-yard, but I believe it has been restored.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you perfectly sober? A. I was; I have known Barrett six years; he drove a hackney-coach five years ago, and since then he has been a sort of cad - I have seen him about I cannot tell how lately before. I took him; when I took him, he said he had been engaged by two gentlemen in James-street, to drive round to the Plazzs, and to stop at the Piazza coffee-house - he said he was driving Shirley's coach for him while he got his supper; I believe he said her Shirtley-deshed him to drive one fare, and then return; he did not say that Shirley had then sent him with another fare, nor that he drove a fare to Islington; Mr. Bird and his man (who I believe is Shirley) attended at the office, but I do not think he was examined - I put the coach and horses into the green-yard - I have heard a deposit was left, and they were given up - I attend the market as a street-keeper; I did not apprehend Barrett at all - I indicted him, and a true bill was found, I believe, on the last day of last Session.
MR. BARRY. Q. Did you go of your own accord before the Grand Jury? A. No Sir.


                  EVERHARD 
                  MOSHARD
               



            . I was shopman to Mr. Parry in May last; I know the prisoner Jepsom - I had seen him at our shop before the segars were stolen; he had bought segars several times, and he came on the 29th of May and bought some - he did not ask me any questions that night, but a friend of his did, who came in with him some time before, but he was not in the shop at that time.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you ever see Jepsom, and the persons you call his friends, in company? A. Not in our shop; he had just gone out when they came in - I have seen them at Mr. Smart's public-house, in Drury-lane; I lived five months with Mr. Parry; his is not a divan, but persons smoke there sometimes - we shut up at twelve or one o'clock, or sometimes later; I left about one o'clock on the night of the 29th of May - there was no one there smoking then.
COURT. Q. Why you give information to your master as soon as you came and found what had happened? A. Yes; I told my master that Jepsom had been the night before, and that another person had before made some inquiries in the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMSON
               



            . I am an inspector of Police. I took Jepsom in Scotland-yard, near the archway - Read was with me; I took him in consequence of what he said; I found on him a brief for Barrett's defence - it was last Wednesday morning, about twelve o'clock; Barrett was in custody at the time.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you find any property on him? A. Yes, this watch and some notes, which Mr. Minshull desired me to keep, as they relate to another charge.
The brief found upon the prisoner Jepsom being read, contained instructions for the defence of Barrett.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BABBAGE
               



            . I am an Excise-officer. I took possession of the segars, and produce them here.
MR. PARRY. I can identify these segars, and this apron is my man's.
Witness for the Defence.


                  CHARLES 
                  BLOODWORTH
               



            . I live at No. 11, Vauxhallwalk, and am an earthenware and stone-manufacturer. I have lived there forty-eight years, and been in business twenty-five - it is within a quarter of a mile of Vauxhall-gardens; I have a daughter named Susan - she became of age on the 29th of May, and we went to Windsor; Mrs. Wood, myself, and my two daughter in a chaise - Mr. Wood and the prisoner Jepsom in a gig - we left Vauxhall-road about six or seven o'clock in the morning, and we got home again about two in the morning of the 30th - we stopped at Windsor till late, and then went to Hampton, where I have several friends; we took tea there, and did not leave till eleven at night, and in consequence of that we were so late in town; the whole party came to myhouse, and stopped there an hour - Mr. and Mrs. Wood are tenants of mine, and live next door; they and Jepsom left my house together about a quarter or twenty minutes after three - Jepsom was asked to stay, but he refused, as he lived in town.
COURT. Q. Is that daughter here? A. No, she is in Staffordshire; my youngest daughter is at home - Mr. Wood is here, but I believe not Mrs. Wood: she is ill - I saw her at my house this morning: I do not know where Jepsom lived in town - he came with Wood that morning; my daughter was Christened at Lambeth church - I have not brought the register of her haptisin: we got to Windsor about eleven o'clock - we dined there, but I cannot say at what inn: we left about eight o'clock in the evening; I think we dined about two - we got to Hampton at halfpast nine or ten; the ladies had tea, and Jepsom, Wood, and I had two or three glasses of brandy and water - I have the bill now in my pocket; I know Hampton - I went to take a son of mine to the Bell there some time before, but that night we went to the Lion, kept by Mr. Lawrence - I got this bill on the day I paid it; I had it accidentally in my pocket to-day - I believe it is not usual to have bills marked "Paid" at public-houses.
MR. BARRY. Q. What had you drank in the day? -A. We took our own provisons, and half a dozen of wine and two bottles of brandy; we had four glasses of brandy and water at Hampton - we had not finished our own brandy; we brought one bottle home, and I think three bottles of wine; I have only known Jepsom since Wood took my house at Lady-day last - I have seen him come backwards and forwards; I understood he bought and sold, but I do not know what - I do not know his character or his circumstances; Mr. Wood asked him to go with us that day, I did not - I do not know that my house was searched last night; the officer was there, just to ask where Mrs. Wood lived - I did not know another person named Wood; Mr. Wood's house was searched last night - I am quite sure it was past three o'clock before Jepsom left my house on the 30th of May; it was past two before we got home - we were sober enough to know what we were about, to take the horses out, and put them up - we went to bed as soon as Mr. and Mrs. Wood went home: I was told I should be wanted to give evidence soon after Jepsom was taken; Wood told me of it; I will swear I have not got this bill since Jepsom was taken.
MR. PHILLIPS . Q. It was not your house was searched last night ? A. No, Wood's ; no charge was ever made against me .


                  NICHOLAS 
                  WOOD
               



             . I have been brought here by habeas; I was taken on a charge not yet investigated - I am a commercial traveller , and am a tenant of Mr. Bloodworth; my wife is not here . On the 29th of May I went with Mr . Bloodworth , his daughter , my wife , and Jepsom , the prisoner, to Windsor - it was a holiday , on account of Miss 
               
                  Susan 
                  Bloodworth
               



             being of age; I invited Jepsom to go; on our way home , we stopped at Hampton ; I think we got there between seven and eight o'clock, and to Mr. Bloodworth's between eleven and twelve ; we stopped at his house, I think , till about two o'clock - the females had some tea , and we had some grog and some segars at the Red Lion, at Hampton ; Mr. Bloodworth called for the bill, and he had it - Jepsom , my wife , and myself , left Mr. Bloodworth's house together , and Jepsom slept at my house ; we made him up a bed, and I saw him go to his bed-room - I locked my door that night , which I always do ; I called Jepsom up the next morning , and we breakfasted between nine and ten o'clock - I left him there, when I went out between eleven and twelve.
Jepsom's Defence. I am innocent - Morgan is the foundation of it all , and has got Read to swear against me.
JEPSOM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
BARRETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
