





408. 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  McHENRY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 1 sheet, value 2s., and 3 pairs of shoes, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Head
                  




               
            .
FRANCES HEAD. I am single
, and live in Lichfield-street


. The prisoner lodged with me. On the 7th of December I told her she should go; when she was gone I missed a sheet and three pairs of shoes from a box in the room she lodged in - these are them.
Cross-examined by Mr. LEE. Q. How do you get your living? A. By shoe-binding; I have one other female lodger; I never lent her things to pawn; I met her in the Old Bailey after this, and I said, "Oh, Ellen, how could you rob me so?" she said, "I never did;" I said, "Give me the ticket;" she said she would pay me, and I promised to forgive her; I have had no quarrel with her since; we went to a public-house and had a pint of beer, which I paid for, because it was so cold.
COURT. Q. How came you to take her up? A. She did not come at six o'clock, which she had promised.


                  JAMES 
                  HOPPER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of shoes pawned by Welch on the 7th of December.
SARAH WELCH. The prisoner came into my room, and said if I would let her stop there and have her breakfast she would give me these shoes to pawn; she said she had bought them at a shop on the Saturday.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you at the public-house? A. No, I am on good terms with the prisoner - I did not say if she would give me money I would not appear here; it is not a fair question to ask whether I was ever here -I was tried here about fifteen years ago, and acquitted.


                  THOMAS 
                  DEWDORS
               



             PERRY. I am a pawnbroker. I took in the sheet of the prisoner, I believe. on the 7th of December.
THOMAS GRIMWOOD. I took the prisoner and I found some duplicates in possession of her mother.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutrix and Welch have sworn falsely - the prosecutrix used to lend me things - on the last occasion she lent me a sheet, which I pawned for 1s. 6d., and most of the money, when she did lend me things, was spent in drink.



                  FRANCES 
                  HEAD
               



            . I never lent her any thing in my life, I would take my oath of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
