





948. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     NATHAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, 1 coat, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fardell
                  




               
            .
JOHN FARDELL. I had been paid off from the Athol on the 27th of February, and came from Portsmouth to the Elephant and Castle - I went in there on the 28th, to find a man to take my luggage home, and one man said he would take it for 10s.; I said I would rather spend the money on the road - the prisoner said he would take me to Old Ford


, where I was going, for 6s.; when we got there I gave him the 6s. - he hove out my two bags of clothes, and drove off with my coat in his cart; I called to him to stop, and said he had my coat in his cart - he was near enough to hear me, but he did not stop, nor look back - I had paid him before I got out; I then got off the shafts, and shook hands with my mother, whom I had not seen for two years and a half - he then drove off with my coat; I gave a guinea for it on the 27th.
Cross-examined by MR. WALMESLEY. Q. What time did you get to the Elephant and Castle? A. A little after seven o'clock in the morning - I had travelled all night; I had not drank any thing from Portsmouth to London; when we got to the Elephant and Castle we had a glass of brandy-and-water between two of us - the prisoner's was a small one-horse cart; in going along we had a glass of rum a piece; the prisoner did not go into the house; he stood on the footpath - I sat on the front of the cart, and on the collar of my coat; it was a pea-jacket; I am sure I saw it there when I got out at my mother's door - I saw it at the last minute; the prisoner drove off as soon as I had paid him, as fast as he could; he was flogging his horse - he had not got more than twenty or thirty yards when I called him; I have always told the same story - he was taken on the 15th of March; I had been at home in the interval, and had been two or three times to the Elephant and Castle to look for him, from eleven o'clock till five; I at last found him standing against the door there - I did not see his cart then; I had talked with him on the road to Old Ford - I did not notice whether he was deaf; I have seen his wife since he was taken; I told her if she would pay me for my jacket and for my trouble I would not see further into the business - that was before I went to the office.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIXTON
               



            . I was with the prosecutor at the Elephant and Castle - I went with him to Old Ford; I recollect his calling after the prisoner - he must have heard him, but he drove away as fast as he could; I am sure the coat was there when we got out.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you on board the Athol? A. Yes; I had come from Portsmouth with the prosecutor - we had nothing on the road till we got to the Elephant and Castle; we had a glass of rum in the Whitechapel road - I am quite sure his coat was in the cart at the door; he missed it in two minutes, when we got into the house; the cart was not thirty yards off at the outside.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SAVON
               



            . I am a Police-constable (113L). The prisoner was given to me by the prosecutor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
