







1453. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WARD
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CHATTERTON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PAYNE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May
, 1 purse, value 1d., 17 shillings. and 2 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Brown
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Harriet, his wife

.


                  GEORGE 
                  RANSON
               



            . I keep a fish-stall in Shoreditch


. On the 26th of May, about half-past six o'clock, Mrs. Brown was at my stall, buying fish - she had a basket on her arm, and one in her hand; I saw Ward run from behind her to the other two prisoners, who were in the road and they all ran off together; I asked Mrs. Brown if she had lost any thing - she looked in her basket, and said she had lost her purse, with 18s. in it; I immediately ran after them, and they were all taken in William-street - this purse and money was found in Chatterton's trousers - I had seen Ward give something to Chatterton.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RYAN
               



             (Police-constable G 216.) I saw the prisoners running in William-street, and concluded they had something - I stopped them; Ranson called out to me that Ward had taken a purse, and I found this purse in a place like a false pocket, at the bottom of Chatterton's trousers; Mrs. Brown came up, and said, "That is my purse, and it contains 18s.," which it does.


                     HARRIET 
                     BROWN
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Brown
               



            . I was buying fish; I had two baskets with me, one of them had this purse and 18s. in it - I did not know I had lost it till Ranson asked me - I then missed it; he ran, and I followed him as fast as I could - I had a child in my arms; I saw the prisoners when they were stopped.
Chatterton's Defence. I saw a young man throw something down - I took it up, and put it into my pocket; the officer stopped me - I did not resist, as I knew I was innocent.


                  GEORGE 
                  RANSON
               



            . I saw Ward give something to Chatterton - he was not more than five yards from the others.
Payne's Defence. I was coming down William-street, and went to speak to Chatterton, who was in the road - I had scarcely spoken to him when Ward came up, and Chatterton said, "Come on, we have got some money."
WARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
CHATTERTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PAYNE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
