





615. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JACOBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January
, 1 watch, value 1l.; 3 sheets, value 14s.; 3 shirts, value 12s.; 1 blanket, value 6s.; 1 pillow, value 2s., and 1 pillow-case, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wallis
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am the wife of John Wallis. On the15th of January I went out on business, and a girl told me a man had gone into my house; I looked, and saw the prisoner come out with a bundle - I ran, and cried Stop thief! he walked on, and was stopped at the corner of the street; the bundle was thrown down; I have not sworn the prisoner is the man that came out of my house, nor should I like to do it - I never knew him before; the watch has not been found - these are the other articles.


                  ANN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I saw the prisoner go into the house. and told the witness; he came out with the bundle in ten minutes.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I was standing at the corner of William-street, and heard a call of Stop thief! I ran, and saw the prisoner running with a bundle under his arm -I ran towards him; he said, "Don't stop me," and dropped this bundle - I gave it to the prosecutor.
SAMUEL PRENDERGRASS. I am an officer. I took the prisoner three weeks afterwards, from the witnesses description.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.
SAMUEL PRENDERGRASS. I saw him go into five houses, and come out, which brought to my mind what I had heard; I said I took him on suspicion of robbing Mr. Wallis, of York-street, Commercial-road - he denied all knowledge of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
