





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1304. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WRATTEN
                  




               
            * was indicted for that 


               she, on the 26th of June
, feloniously did forge and counterfeit a certain order for payment of money
            , which is as follows:
*Upon the prisoner being brought into court, on the previous day, to be arraigned, she did not plead to the indictment, and appeared to take no notice of what was passing. A Jury were impannelled to determine whether she was of sound mind, and upon the evidence of 
               
                  William 
                  Woodward
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  George
               



            , 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Reeve
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wood
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  James
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gook
               



            , and Dr. Uwins, on her behalf; and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Halifax
               



            , 
               
                  Francis 
                  Punter
               



            , 
               
                  Walter 
                  Smith
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Danby
               



            , 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gardner
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Burke
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Ward
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Simpson
               



            , 
               
                  Jonas 
                  Glapham
               



            , Mr. McMurdo, surgeon of Newgate, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Ruthven
               



            , nurse, and 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Brown
               



            , sub-matron, the Jury found her of sound mind: and the Court ordered a plea of Not Guilty to be recorded.
"Woolwich Bank, 25th June, 1833.
"Messrs. Masterman pay Mr. Gregory or Bearer sixty pounds five shillings. For Budgen and Co.
"
               
                  JOHN 
                  WARD
               



            ."
with intent to defraud 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Masterman
                  



               
             and others.
2nd COUNT. For uttering, disposing of, and putting away the said order, with like intent.
2 other COUNTS. The same, only stating her intention to be to defraud 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ward
                  



               
             and others.
4 other COUNTS. The same, only omitting to set out the forged instrument.
MESSRS. BODKIN and DAWSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  WARD
               



            . I am a partner in the house of Bugden and Co., banker

s of Woolwich. We correspond with Masterman's bank - shortly before the 26th of June the prisoner came to the bank to get a cheque for 4l. 9s., which she said she was about to send to Lymington, she paid me 4l. 9s. for it - I did not see her again till she was in custody - the cheque was signed "for Bugden and Co., John Ward" (looking at the signature to the cheque in question) - this is a good resemblance of the signature to that cheque - our clerk afterwards received the cheque back from her, and gave her the money for it; I was in the bank at the time, but did not take notice of her - this cheque is not signed by me, it is not my hand-writing.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean to swear that positively? A. Yes, the signature very much resembles my usual mode of writing, it very much resembles the signature to the cheque I gave her.
Q. Have the kindness to write "Messrs. Masterman and Co. pay to Mr. Gregory or bearer 60l., and 60l. 5s." in figures? (the witness did so.) Witness. I have written that the way I usually write - it is like the signature to the cheque in my opinion - I think it is rather smaller than that - I don't think that that "Gregory or bearer" is quite dissimilar; I think there is a character about it very like mine - I wrote the cheque in my ordinary hand - I think the two are alike - I knew the prisoner before: she frequently came to the bank; I frequently saw her myself - I should say she is fifty years old; I should not think she is nearer seventy; I am a very bad judge of ladies' ages.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am a clerk to 
               
                  William 
                  Masterman
               



             and Co., bankers - there are other partners - on the 26th of June the prisoner came to the banking-house, she presented this cheque for payment about three o'clock in the afternoon - Bugden and Co. of Woolwich have an account at our house - on taking the cheque from her hand, I observed something in the body of it which looked suspicious, and the appearance of it altogether - I took it to the counting-house, and afterwards to the country-office, where it was compared - I asked her if the cheque was payable to her, and she said yes, that was her name; it was payable to Mr. Gregory - I then went into the country-office, and returned to the counter; she remained there - I then asked for her address, and in what way she got possession of the cheque; she stated that she lived at No. 3, Stewart's-buildings, Battersea; and that this cheque formed part of a letter which was sent to her by the post, it has that appearance - I wrote the address she gave me on the cheque in her presence - I know the signature of Mr. Ward. I am in the habit of paying drafts which he draws - I consider this a very good imitation of his handwriting so that on making inquiry I was authorised to pay the cheque, and asked the prisoner how she would receive it - she said two twenties and four fives, or to that effect - I paid her two 20l. Bank notes, four 5l. notes, and 5s. in silver - she was in the banking house, for ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour - she answered to my questions quite readily; I paid her and she left.
Cross-examined. Q. She said, she would take two twenties and four fives did she? A. Yes, that was the way I paid her; I have not the least doubt she asked for the notes I gave her - I am not sure whether she answered "two twenties and four fives," or whether I asked her if she would have it in that way; I have not a doubt but she asked for two twenties and four fives; I will be positive she did ask for those particular notes, in the way I paid her - I cannot say whether she said she would have it so, or whether I asked her; I am aware that the prisoner's defence is weakness of intellect.
COURT. Q. Are you in the habit of suggesting what money cheques shall be paid in? A. Frequently parties say how they will have it, and if they do not say what they will have, we suggest it to them.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did she mention the description of notes, or did you suggest it? A. I have no doubt she did ask for the notes I paid her, for at the time I was paying it she inquired of me if it was in time to send money by the Portsmouth mail, and I considered she wanted small notes to inclose in a letter - I will swear she used the words two twenties and four fives; I am sure of it; I have not a doubt in my mind, that she asked for the particular notes I paid her, that she said, "Give me two twenties and four fives"; I have not a doubt of it - I have no doubt it was paid in the way she asked for it, but whether she said two twenties, or two 20l. notes I cannot say.
Q. Now, if she asked for any notes at all, did not she say "two 20l. notes and four 5l. notes," if she used any phrase at all about the notes? A. I cannot tell her exact words.
MR. BODKIN. Q."Twenties" and "fives" is a phrase used in banking-houses, to denote notes of that amount? A. Yes; she inquired if she was in time to send money by the mail; this was while I was paying her the notes - she asked when the Portsmouth mail went off - it was about three o'clock.
ELIZABETH DANCE. I live at No. 3, Stewart's-buildings, Battersea-fields. The prisoner did not live there; I know nothing of her at all.


                  JOHN 
                  PAGET TREMLET
               



            . I am clerk and shopman to Mr. Williams, of 174, Fenchurch-street, a hosier and linendraper. I remember seeing the prisoner in our shop, on Wednesday, the 26th of June, at near three o'clock in the afternoon; she asked the price of a gingham dress; she did not bargain for anything; she then asked for a pen and ink - she made no purchase in our shop - at her desire, Davies, a person in our employ was sent to Messrs. Hankey's bank; on his return, a police-officer was sent for, and she was taken into custody.


                  JONAS 
                  CLAPHAM
               



            . I am an officer. On the 26th of June I took the prisoner into custody; she was pointed out to me, and as soon as she saw me making towards her she attempted to run away; I caught her at the end of Fenchurch-street, and took her there - I inquired the charge from the last witness; he said it was for a forgery on Hankeys; I took her to the Mansion-house, and searched her - before I searched her I saw her thrust her hand into her pocket, in a hurried way, and immediately took hold of her right arm - I found her fist clenched and opened it with great difficulty, and there found two 20l. and four 5l. notes; I marked the notes and delivered them to Mr. Cope, the marshall; I marked them on the 27th, before they were out of my custody - I will not swear they were not out of my hands before I marked them, but they were not out of my sight - I believe they were not out of my hands; I believe Mr. Bush the solicitor, looked at them in my hands - I considered myself responsible for them, and that I ought not to lose sight of them; I believe Mr. Bush saw them in my hands - I have no recollection of delivering them into any person's hands; I do not believe I did; I was at the Mansion-house - I have no recollection of delivering them, (the notes,) there to anybody; but that was the following day, and I had marked them on the day I took them - before I went to the Mansion-house.
MR. DAWSON. Q. Take these notes in your hand and say whether they are the notes? A. They are the same.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What do you call them? A. Two 20l. notes and four 5l. notes - she put her hand into her pocket openly, so as I could see her; I was in my police dress at the time, and close to her; she must have seen me.
Q. She did not attempt to swallow them? A. I did not give her that opportunity; I supposed her to be between forty and fifty years old at that time, but she is very much altered since.
WILLIAM SIMPSON re-examined. I only entered the numbers of the notes which I paid, not the dates, the numbers are 5l., 23,222; 23,223; 15,874; 15,578 - and the 20l. 10,695, and 813; the notes produced are those numbers.(The Cheque was here put in and read.)
The prisoner being repeatedly desired by the Court and by her Counsel to enter upon her defence; made no reply for some time; but at last said, "The four corners of the earth and the strength of the hills is his also." "I said, they were all going down to the Red Sea." During the whole trial she kept distorting her feautures, working her fingers about, and conducting herself in an incoherent manner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMPSON
               



             re-examined. I cashed the cheque; there was nothing of apparent incoherence in the prisoner's manner; nothing of any rambling at all.


                  JOHN 
                  PAGET TREMLET
               



            . I see the prisoner's manner now; there was nothing of that sort of behaviour at the time of the transaction.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear a person may not be perfectly collected one hour, and go perfectly mad the next? A. I will not swear it.
Q. Have you not known instances of fever, where a man may be perfectly sane the first forty years of his life, and then go quite mad for five years; and have his intellect all the rest of his life? A. I have heard of instances from fever; there was certainly not any aberation of intellect while with me - she was rational, and behaved as any sane person might have done - I don't think her mind was the least disturbed.

Witnesses for the Defence.


                  MARY 
                  ELIZABETH WRATTEN
               



            . I am the daughter of the prisoner. Some time ago my mother was carrying on business at Woolwich - I think she left it in the year 1831 - she had been carrying it on two or three years before - the house was once burnt down; my mother slept at the top of the house; I was not in the house at the time of the fire - my mother's conduct has been very strange indeed, occasionally; I have many times heard her threaten to put an end to herself; sometimes she said, she would hang herself; at other times, she said, she would cut her throat; we were always very much terrified at her threats.
Q. What grounds did she allege for hanging herself or cutting her throat? A. The least irritation in her family; she has behaved very violently towards us; she used to throw herself upon the ground, when she went off in these fits; and I used to be afraid she would injure herself very much, by so doing; throwing herself about with very great violence; since the fire, I think the business has not been so good; I assist occasionally in the business.
COURT. Q. Who conducted the business? A. My mother.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you with her when she kept the Northumberland Arms? A. Occasionally; I remember her taking a public-house, in London; she kept that only four months before she threw it up again - I never knew of any expectations we had of a large estate - I have seen her look as she does now, on many occasions, when throwing herself about, only not looking so ill; but she has exhibited that kind of manner many times - I must beg to say, at the Northumberland Arms, I irritated her slightly - I was going up stairs, and she would have thrown me down if I had not caught by the bannisters; I had given her very trifling irritation.
COURT. Q. Then the way she conducted herself at the Northumberland Arms was by violence? A. Yes; generally after the violence was over, perhaps she would turn to the action and manner she does now; I have seen her use her hands as she does now, before she was in custody, after the violence was over.
Q. How did you bring her to herself? A. We would keep her quiet a little while; being desirous nobody should see her in that state, I kept her as quiet as possible; I sometimes made her sit down, and sometimes lie down, and then I humoured her; the rest of the family saw her in that state; but I was particular that the world should not see her.
Q. You suffered her to go on, and conduct the business as usual? A. Yes; she had the whole management of the business; to pay and receive money; she cast up accounts; saw the customers; she drew bills, and accepted bills - I occasionally thought she managed her business in a very strange way.
Q. What instances can you state of any blunders in her business? A. In the management of her house she was anxious to remove from one place to another; she was never satisfied above a week, or a month, in one house - we removed a number of times on that account - when we left the shop, we moved to a cottage - we lived in the Northumberland Arms four months; and in the other place where she did business, eight years; we lived in several other houses; we moved to Greenhill-cottage, and were there three months; and then in King-street, six months; and in a cottage, at Bow, six months - she did not carry on business at all these places - she had given up the business at the Northumberland Arms - I think it was nearly twelve months; and then she was anxious to go into business, but against our wish, and she took a small concern, merely as we thought, to amuse her mind, it was in Church-street; she kept a grocer's business there; I cannot say whether there were any books kept there.
Q. Are her affairs at all embarrassed? A. I think she had got into a very strange manner - I had no reason to think she had lost by business, or was in debt.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did your mother lose property at the time of the fire? A. She lost a considerable quantity of property; she was insured - I cannot tell whether she lost property independent of the insurance - yes, she did; it is two years since the fire; I was sixteen years old at the time of the fire - I don't know that she has been unable to pay her bills since.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Were you here yesterday? A. Not in court; I was in the neighbourhood - brought here by my mother's friends; I had told them what I knew about her state of health and mind; I was not examined - I have seen her exhibit the symptoms she does now several times; she has been precisely in this way several times, and has continued so for some hours; it has not always continued for days; I have observed her strange for days, but not violent - I have not seen her in this state for days - I have seen her for hours in the state she is in now; I cannot say whether it has continued a whole day - it has not so violently; I don't think it is many days since she was in this state, indeed the morning she went away, I thought there was a particular strangeness attending her; I was at home that morning; I was under an impression that she was out of her mind for a long time; no medical men were ever called in to see the state of her mind - I did not conceive but what I could attend to her; she went to town alone; I think she walked down the road; she took a parcel with her; she told me she wished to see a gentleman on business in the Kent-road, but at the same time I observed a very great lightness in her manner - she did not tell me she was going to receive a cheque, or that she had received a letter from a friend with a cheque in it; she took the shop that she had at the time this happened, about two months after Christmas; I think she received £1000 from the insurance office after the fire; she lost her stock in trade, books, and every thing - to the best of my knowledge she told me she received £1000 from the insurance office - it was a month after the fire that she received it; it must be more than two years ago; I think it is three years.
Q. At the time she kept the public-house at Westminster, was your father in a situation at the docks at Woolwich? A. Yes; he never came home in the week, the business was entirely in my mother's management; my father continues to hold the situation at this time - it occupies his time all day; the business at Woolwich was managed by my mother; she saw the tradesmenand purchased the articles - I don't think she gave any credit at that shop; I did not attend to the business, she managed it entirely herself.
COURT. Q. Was she strange in her conversation and manner, at the same time? A. Yes; she sometimes did extraordinary things when her mind seemed better; on the morning she left home she jumped about very different to what she was accustomed - she moved about the house very quick and light; her husband usually lived with her when he came home, but she slept with me sometimes, for I was afraid of her committing suicide; she first slept with me soon after the fire; I have been afraid of her committing suicide ever since the fire - I never expressed that idea even to my father, but I wished her to sleep with me, as he slept more sound than I did; if she made the least move she would awake me; I often got up and went to her room with some excuse, for fear anything should happen.
Q. Why did you allow her to go to town alone on this day? A. My father was so engaged he could only mind his own business at the docks; I allowed her to go alone for many reasons - we have often said we would not let her go to town alone, but it was driven off from time to time; economy was one reason why we allowed her to go alone: and if I went, I could not transact the business she did, as no gentleman would transact business with a young girl; it was too expensive for me to go with her and I thought she could conduct the business without me; it was of no moment; I thought her competent to transact it.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has the business fallen off? A. It has come down to be not worth the name of business lately; it was a small concern merely to occupy her time; I have a sister, and a brother who is thirteen years old.


                  FRANCES 
                  REEVE
               



            . I am the prisoner's sister. I remember her coming to Worcestershire to see her mother, who was very ill - she came down on purpose to see her in the state of insanity she was in; to the best of my recollection it is upwards of four years ago - she knew my mother was in a state of insanity before she came to see her - a few minutes after she came into the house, she said she must be off again immediately; she said she came to spend the time with her mother; but instead of that she went to a neighbour's house, and spent her time mostly; my mother died in a state of insanity - she was in that state at times we were obliged to tie her down - her grandmother was in a raging state of insanity; she was obliged to be chained, and her aunt was insane several times, and was chained down several times also.
MR. BODKIN. Q. How long did she stay when she came to see her mother? A. I believe two days and two nights; her mother was quite incapable of seeing or knowing anybody; she came down alone, travelled by the stage, and took the stage from Pershore home - I cannot say whether she had seen her mother before she said she must go back again; she had not been there many minutes - the neighbour's house is about a quarter of a mile from my mother's; she came backwards and forwards - my mother had five children- the other three are living in good health.
Q. And you have had no affliction of your mind? A. Not particularly so; my head is very bad at times - I have violent pains in the head at times; I have not got it now; not more than a fortnight since my head was very bad - I have had my hair taken off twice. I remember when the fire happened at my sister's house; the last witness was at my house at the time - it happened the summer before the death of my mother - it is more than four years ago; I live in Worcestershire - I have not been up to town for ten years - I have not seen her since she came to see my mother.
COURT. Q. When your mother or grandmother shewed symptoms of insanity, have these symptoms been attended with violence? A. At times, but not always; they have been very quiet at times.
Q. What strangeness of conduct did they exhibit? A. They could not answer any questions put to them - at times my aunt would assist in business, and be outrageous at times; her business was very trifling; she had a husband living - she very seldom answered rationally; at times, when she was insane, she would appear like other people, but it would be gone in a few minutes; for a few minutes she would be out of it, and then in it immediately - she very seldom would speak when she was in it; I have not been with the prisoner - I never heard of the prisoner being supposed to be insane till she was charged with this.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



            . About fifteen months ago I was assistant to the prisoner at the Northumberland Arms - she used to give me directions to dovarious things, and then contradict those directions; I remember her calling me and the female servant up at night - she said there were thieves in the cellar, and she could hear them knock; but we could hear no knocking, though we were in the same room - I remember her on another occasion fancying there were thieves in the chimney, and there was a fire in the grate at the time - she wanted to let the house after she had been in it a week; I always thought she was out of her mind - she went about the house doing what business there was.
MR. DAWSON. Q. When she said she heard the noise which you did not hear, was her husband living in the house? A. He was not at home, he was at Woolwich - she was in the parlour, and said she heard the noise in the cellar - we stood in the parlour; she called us up about three o'clock in the morning - I was not with her when she first said she heard the noise; she kept us in the parlour, and said she could hear the noise underneath; she then went to bed again - she was in bed and got up, and came down and insisted that she heard the noise- she must have heard it first in her bed-room - on saying we did not hear the noise, she went to bed; I heard her come up after me; she gave very little credit in the house; she had the care of the till - she took care to lock it up, either she or her daughter; it was always locked up every night - I have frequently seen her lock it up - she seemed very careful of it always.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did she persist in it that she heard the noise of thieves knocking? A. She did - we could not hear the slightest knocking all the time she said it was going on.


                  THOMAS 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. Hitchcock, a broker, at Woolwich. We let some furniture to the prisoner - I remember last winter calling with Mr. Hitchcock for 3l., which she owed him; she stated, that in ashort time she was coming to an estate, and then would discharge that, and return the furniture and buy new furniture - when she came down to us she was dressed quite in an indelicate state, with her bosom quite exposed; she had nothing except a little shawl on the back of her shoulders, and her petticoat and shift on; it was about eleven o'clock in the day; Hitchcock was a grown up man as I am; she did not exhibit the slightest shame at being so exposed; her bosom, down to her waist, was stark naked - I have heard her talk of coming to an estate, at other times.
COURT. Q. In what terms did she talk of large property coming to her? A. She said, she had a large sum of money and an estate in the country, coming from some relative - I understood her that it was out of this large estate she was to pay the 3l.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did she pay the 3l.? A. No, never; this was the beginning of last year; it was for the hire of furniture - I called several times for my money, but was not able to get it; I believe I have seen her once since, and asked her for the money; she gave me the same tale, that she was coming to a large estate, and would pay Mr. Hitchcock and buy new furniture.
Q. What part of the house did you see her in? A. I was ushered into the parlour, by a servant, and waited for half an hour - I supposed she was not up; she came down to speak to us in that state; she did not present the appearance of a person coming down suddenly, half dressed; she had a flannel petticoat on, and a shawl hastily thrown over her, but had her bosom exposed; she did not come down in a hurried manner - we were not expected to come that day - I cannot say whether she was aware who was to see her when she came down - nobody was in the parlour besides us; it was a private-house, not a public-house; it was in Bow-water-crescent, the servant let us in.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you send the servant up to tell her you were waiting? A. No doubt she told her; I asked for her mistress; she had half an hour to dress, if she chose.
Q. Was not Mr. Hitchcock so deaf that you were obliged to tell him what she said? A. At times he could hear better than at others; I told him what she said.


                  MARY 
                  ELIZABETH WRATTEN
               



             re-examined. Q. Did you take your meals with the prisoner? A. Yes; she did not drink spirits; she might take a portion, but not more than other people; she did not take spirits every day; she was by no means in the habit of taking spirits, nor laudanum, she was never intoxicated; she would taste spirits if they were on the table.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am a constable. Some time ago, in the early part of last year, I went with some companions to the Northumberland Arms, kept by the prisoner - I went to spend about half an hour there with six or seven more persons; I saw the prisoner there; not one of us spent our money there, for she behaved in that strange way; the most inconsistent way possible - when we called for something she turned her back to us, and we could not get a rational answer; one our party said, "Why bring us here, when we cannot get served;" we asked for liquor again, and were more than half an hour in the house, and then we went to another house, as we could get nothing - four or five strangers left the house also, who were calling for something, and could not get served - I thought nobody in their senses would act so.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Were you a constable of that district? A. No; I had been at the House of Commons, on duty.
Q. I believe constables expect to be treated with very great respect at public-houses? A. No; there were several persons in the tap-room; one man, with a pipe, wanted a pint of porter, and could not get served; he went out with his pipe - three customers stood at the bar, wishing to be served; when I went in with seven others, we could not get served, and left.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did she turn her back to you instead of turning to you? A. Certainly; I did not see her serve any customers at all; it was about seven o'clock in the evening.
COURT. Q. Did she appear to you to be sober? A. I do not think it was the act of a drunken person; I fancied at the time it might be the case, and watched her; she went out of the bar into the tap-room; persons spoke to her there, and she returned to the bar without noticing them; I said, "My good lady have the goodness to attend to us;" having to go back to the House of Commons again, but I could get no answer.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did she reel or stagger as if tipsy? A. Certainly not; I considered her manner to be from wildness of mind - I watched her, thinking her drunk, but my impression was entirely altered before I left the house.


                  DAVID 
                  UWINS
               



            , ESQ. M.D. I am a physician, and live in Bedford-row - I have been twenty-five years in the profession; I have had considerable experience in cases of insanity, having been connected for the last five or six years with a lunatic establishment - I attended at the prison at the request of the prisoner's relatives, to ascertain the state of her mind - I examined her three times; I had some suspicion of acting at first - I endeavoured to ascertain as accurately as possible, if that suspicion was correct - I have heard the evidence of the witnesses - from what they have stated, and from my own observation, I should say her intellect is by no means such as would be considered sound; I should say she is in a state of feeble intellect - I should consider her an irresponsible being.
Q. Should you be at all surprised at her committing suicide? A. No, I should not be surprised at it - I have written on the subject of insanity - I distinctly state and maintain there is no possibility of drawing the line precisely between sanity and insanity; that assuming a point of sanity, is assuming a point which cannot exist - it is not possible, in my opinion, to point out where sanity ends, and insanity begins - a person may be perfectly sane for a week, and next week quite the reverse.
Q. There have been, I believe, instances in this kingdom, in which the mind has gone all at once, and returned, and very high duties have been performed? A. Certainly.
COURT. Q. That being the case, would you not judge of the state of mind, by the degree of contrivance exhibited at the time of a transaction; should you deem a personinsane who appeared aware of what he was about, and contrived and took measures for his own benefit? A. I cannot say that an act itself sane, might not be coupled with insanity.
Q. You have heard of the prisoner obtaining a writing, and presenting one resembling it, and obtaining through that, a sum for her own benefit? A. I have heard of aberration of mind, being manifested before that took place - I can conceive a great deal of contrivance in the process of effecting a design.
Q. Would such a degree of contrivance be consistent with imbecility or idiotcy; would it be consistent with the absence of reason? A. Among my patients at the Institution, they have gone through the process of reasoning for the object they have in desire, as a sane person would - the act itself, I should not call an act of insanity, but should conclude that an individual being insane, could perform that act; there may be considerable imbecility of mind, and yet the process of reasoning exist - I conceive it possible for an individual to act as the prisoner did with respect to this cheque, without knowing the degree of responsibility under which she herself must stand in reference to it.
Q. Is it not within your experience, that many persons partially insane, are perfectly capable of knowing they are doing a wrong act? A. That more refers to cases of monomania.
Q. Do you conceive all this stratagem might be employed without a consciousness of there being anything wrong in it? A. I conceive it possible, having seen several instances where the object has been of less importance, where the same process has gone on - I merely allude to this as matter of opinion and comparison - I should not pronounce that the prisoner was positively unconscious of a deviation from moral rectitude.
Q. Should you hesitate to say that this act of the prisoner could be any other than the act of a reasonable mind? A. I could conceive it, and from the circumstances of the case, I must unequivocally state, I should feel a reluctance in condemning her - the motive would considerably influence my opinion, but it is impossible to state what the motive really was - persons partially insane at intervals, are perfectly competent and sane at others.
Q. Would you not judge of the state of mind by the act - supposing a person executed a will in every respect as a person of sound mind, would it not lead you to conceive it was made in a sound state of mind? A. That would be a circumstance, but it would not be conclusive.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You have heard the evidence of her conduct within the last four years, and observed her yourself, and heard that her grandmother and aunt died in a state of insanity, and the aunt raving mad; do you think that at any time within the last two years, it would be safe to trust her, or that you would trust her with the management of property? A. Certainly not; nor should I think any instrument she executed was valid - I think there are no proofs of her insanity at the time in question; I don't think she was in a state to distinguish right from wrong at the time of this affair.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you hear the witnesses examined yesterday after you had given your evidence? A. I did; I heard Mr. Mc Murdo examined - I have already admitted there was a good deal of feigning; when I saw her in Newgate she appeared sensible of the importance of establishing her insanity; I saw her a second time, and still considered she was feigning; I had some conversation with her solicitor and her friends before the third interview - my opinion became modified at the third interview; I am not prepared to say she is decidedly insane - my opinion of her insanity is fully as strong as it was yesterday, and stronger; as I have heard the evidence on both sides; the evidence given of her sanity did not weaken my opinion in the least - when there is any symptom of insanity, we cannot suppose a person accountable - I should not admit the act performed by the prisoner was itself insane, but if the party was insane the day or week before I should say the act though apparently a rational one, might be the act of an insane person; when we take into account the exceeding cunning connected with mental aberration, especially where there is an intention to accomplish an object - supposing her to be insane before, I do not think the transaction the result of insanity, but consistent with insanity.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you known persons labouring under insanity pursue an object with a cunning you would only expect from very clever persons? A. Certainly; in the only instance of suicide which has occurred since I have been physician of the Asylum at Peckham, the cunning evinced for months and weeks to accomplish the purpose would surprise every body.
COURT. Q. But that was an insane object? A. Yes.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Whether the object was to the person's interest or prejudice, have you known instances of their endeavouring to effect their purpose, by means quite as cunning as you would expect from the highest order of intellect? A. Certainly; I should say the object in view had some supposed good in contemplation.
COURT. Q. Is not the very act of suicide a symptom of insanity? A. With submission, I do not entirely admit that; it evinces an absence of moral principle, but that is delinquency - I should say insanity prevented the individual from being fully sensible of the delinquency; I should not allow a man to be insane that went from the gaming table and blew his brains out.
Q. Where the object is obviously beneficial to the parties, and they pursue every reasonable means to accomplish it, is it not evidence of sanity rather than insanity? A. It is abstractedly, but it might be quite the reverse.
Q. How could you judge of a lucid interval except from the conduct of the party? A. It must last for a long time before I could guarantee its long continuance; you cannot always determine an apparently lucid interval correctly, but if it lasts a long time from acts of insanity, I should determine it to be a lucid interval; it would require a very long probation.
Q. When a person acts with reference to the transaction in question, exactly as anybody else would do, why do you pronounce that person insane? A. Because we have heard the person was insane before in other instances - I do not come here as an advocate, nor do I positively say she was not conscious of the delinquency of the vact.
Q. Is there anything beyond what you have heard that leads you to suppose her deranged; is there anything constitutional? A. I never could discover her breath tobe in a fetid state, which is usually a characterestic feature of insanity.
MR. BODKIN called the following witness.


                  THOMAS 
                  HALIFAX
               



            . I am an apothecary, at Woolwich, a graduate in medicine. I have attended the prisoner's family as a medical attendant - I was never called to attend her on the score of madness - I always considered her perfectly sound in mind; I saw her in June last I think; it was in June or the end of May; I saw her at her own house, and had some conversation with her relative to the receipt of some money she was to receive from a friend of her's, and was to deliver to me - she had not then received the money, but I had understood she had, and had a conversation with her on the subject, and on some other affairs relative to the family, from whom it was to come - she explained the circumstances how she was to receive the money, and explained my mistake, why she had not it ready for me - it was a mistake on my part, and she explained it - from that conversation I should say she was perfectly sound in mind, as I have witnessed on former occasions; I have known her seven or eight years - I have been the medical attendant of the family during the whole of that time - in my opinion, her mind, during the whole of that time, has been perfectly correct and sound.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you heard the evidence given to day? A. I have; I cannot say it shakes my opinion; it creates a degree of doubt, but in a very minute degree - such a degree of doubt, that from such circumstances, I should not form any opinion, unless, as I stated before, I was in possession of circumstances connected with each fact enabling me to conclude - I said, yesterday, that it would shake my opinion; but I modified my answer in the same manner, that it would shake my opinion, if unexplained - I said so to the best of my belief; and that her grandmother, mother, and aunt dying in a state of raving insanity - her coming down to two young men with her person exposed, and her imagining thieves were in the chimney, while there was a fire in the grate - and that there was a knocking underneath, when others could not hear, was inconsistent with other facts - I did not say absolutely that it would shake my opinion - I said the mere facts would, without any explanatory facts, which might be offered - I came here to deliver the truth - I said, I was a graduate in medicine, by which I meant doctor of medicine - I considered doctor of medicine would be understood by that - I consider them synonymous - I have been in practice above ten years - I was graduated in Edinburgh - I am not a member of the College of Physicians, in London - I have no connexion with any insane institution - my practice has not been considerable in public institutions for insane persons; I have had under my own hands several cases - I cannot answer at the moment how many I have had within ten years - I have one under treatment at this instant, an individual residing at Woolwich - I will not swear whether I have had five in this year or not - I believe Dr. Uwins has an experience of two hundred a week - I did not visit the prisoner in prison - I consider a disorder of some intellectual faculty, a symptom of insanity - monomania, is insanity, relative to one particular subject, distinguished from a disordered intellect relative to all affairs.
Q. In a person proved clearly insane at one time, do you think it easy to distinguish when the process of insanity ceased? A. Unless I had some evident proof in language, or wandering of thought, or particular conduct, I should not form an opinion on the subject; it is known that insane persons have pursued an object of self-interest with a degree of cunning which belongs to very few except the most exalted talents; but I should distinguish the conduct she exhibited at the time, compared with previous conduct - the conduct of the prisoner previously, would determine me as to the state of mind at the time - I consider a person sane at the time, whose conduct is sane, and whose view of things is the same as persons in their ordinary senses.
Q. If they were a little mad before and after, would not that influence you? A. It would depend on the conduct at the time; I know of no means but comparison - I have visited Miles' mad-house, at Hoxton, with a view to place a person there - my reading on insanity has been cursory; I have read Dr. Burrows' work.
COURT. Q. You think the conduct of the individual would determine your opinion of the state of mind at the time? A. Yes.


                  FRANCIS 
                  PUPTER
               



            . I am a baker, and live at Woolwich. I have been acquainted with the prisoner fourteen or fifteen years; I had frequent opportunities of seeing her; I had transactions with her in business, and have lent her money - about nine years ago I lent her 100l. to take a shop; the first application was from her, and then she and her husband; came both together; she told me the purpose she wanted it for - she and her husband were both together when I advanced the money; my acquaintance continued till within three or four weeks of this matter - in all my intercourse with her she has appeared to conduct herself like a rational person; there was nothing in her conduct to induce me to suppose that she was a person who could not distinguish right from wrong.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Should you not be surprised at her coming down stairs to two men with her neck bare? A. Yes; I should think it an act of indecency quite inconsistent with correctness of mind; it would appear as if she was going rather astray - it would appear strange if she had told me there were thieves in the chimney while there was a fire in the grate - I saw her every day; her habits were those of a regular, quiet, decent woman; a woman as fit for business as any woman in the world; she conducted the whole business herself.
Q. If she turned her back on seven customers and obliged them to leave, should you not think she was going a little astray? A. Yes; it never was the case when she was at Woolwich; I should imagine if she had done that thirteen months ago, she was a very different woman to what she was when I knew her - I am not much acquainted with subjects of insanity.
MR. BODKIN. Q. These circumstances would strike you as strange, but if afterwards she conducted herself as before, would that impression be removed? A. It might be so.

COURT. Q. Up to what time did you know her? A. I saw her about three weeks before she was taken into custody, at my house at Woolwich - the Northumberland Arms is at Westminster - she lived in Woolwich when this matter happened.


                  WALTER 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Andrews, at Woolwich. I have known the prisoner about five years; I lived in her house till two years ago last June; it was subsequent to the fire - she generally managed all the business; Mr. Wratten was in it a little in the evening - all the time I knew her, she always conducted herself in a proper kind of way - I never saw her amiss - I never thought her anything out of the way, or out of her mind - I have known her since I left her up to about four months; I never thought she was insane; she conducted herself like other people.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I live at Deptford; I am a grocer. I have known the prisoner about fourteen years; I have had considerable dealings with her in business; she managed the business at Woolwich, her husband never interfered; she failed in 1830 - I knew her before that; I knew her previous to the fire; and by referring to my ledger to-day, I find from 1826, until the time of the fire, I had very considerable transactions with her - I have known her since the fire, up to the present time - before, and since the fire, I have from time to time, been concerned with her in business, but not the whole time - my dealings have generally been with her, or my young man has dealt with her; she conducted herself always as a very rational, and very clever woman in business; she gave her orders, and depended on my honour to serve her; she gave orders in a business-like manner - she paid me in money; she may have paid me bills, but I never drew bills on her - I frequently settled accounts with her; she understood them as far as was necessary in her business - at the time of the fire, having received money from the fire-office, she came and paid her debts, and then commenced again; and at that period, I had a very high opinion of her, and opened a new account; she gave me an order to the amount of 160l., and since that she has failed at the expiration of one year, in November, 1830 - on the 13th of February last, she called to open a new account with me, after having failed twice - I declined taking her order until security was offered - she was with me an hour or two; securities were proposed by herself; she named them - she brought her brother to my house as security, and I did not accept it; that was on another day - during these transactions, she appeared perfectly conscious of what she was doing.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Within what time did she fail twice? A. She failed in 1830, and again about twelve months ago - she failed in 1830 and 1832 - she had been in business a long time before - she never wanted to borrow money of me; it was because I did not approve of the security that I would not open a fresh account with her; if it had been only 5l. I would not have given her credit for it, nor for 1d. not at that time - she has had a reverse of fortune - I trusted her for a year after the fire and she failed again - it was in February last - I would not trust her, as I have lost 170l. by her - I considered she had treated me ill - I trusted her after 1830, to the amount of 7l.; 5l. of which has not been paid; I thought her not trustworthy in February last.
MR. BODKIN. Q. In February last did you call her attention to the 5l.? A. I did, and she said she would pay it some day; when she failed, her brother proposed to pay 5s. in the pound for her; she attended and explained the state of her affairs to her creditors, but not at all to their satisfaction; she explained it so as to make them understand it would be best to take the 5s.


                  JOHN 
                  BURKE
               



            . I keep a tavern at Greenwich. I have known the prisoner about seven years - I saw her last about nine months ago - I always considered her a very clever shrewd woman, the whole time I knew her; she called on me relative to taking the Ship tavern, twelve months ago - she asked the usual questions, went over the premises, inquired the profits, and every circumstance - she was there half an hour - in the inquiries she made, she showed herself a particularly shrewd woman; she inquired the profits and what business was done, and the amount of business, and what it would take to come in, and every necessary question - from every thing I saw of her, my opinion is that she was a very clever shrewd woman, and of perfectly sound mind - her husband was with her, but she undertook all the inquiry, and her husband did not interfere.
Cross-examined. Q. I dare say she was the cleverest woman you ever saw in your life? A. She was.


                  HENRY 
                  MOODY
               



            . I am a baker, living at Woolwich. I have known the prisoner ten years or more; I have not had any particular dealings with her - I have seen her within the last four months; I should think her a woman of perfectly sane mind, and a very acute, intelligent woman - I never observed anything to induce me to conceive to the contrary.
Cross-examined. Q. What should you think of her stripping and showing her naked bosom? A. It would appear very indelicate - it would appear rather strange if she attempted to persuade me there were thieves in a chimney and a fire in the grate; I have spoken to her within the last two months, prior to her committal, and I have spoken to her in this court, and at the last sessions, and up to within a week of her committal; she appeared a perfectly modest woman, and particularly acute and intelligent.
Q. Would you not be astonished at her turning her back against seven customers and driving them out of the place without taking their money? A. It is singular, but many persons in trade are eccentric; very likely she is one of them - at times there is something in trade which turns people eccentric - if she was not eccentric, I should think it strange her turning her back on customers - I should think it very odd if she acted so.
MR. BODKIN. Q. It would depend on what sort of customers came? A. Certainly.


                  THOMAS 
                  DANBY
               



            . I am a grocer, living in Whitechapel. I am not at all aware of the prisoner's state of mind.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you state yesterday that on one occasion she appeared to you to be strange in her manner? A. Yes; she came to open an account with me six months ago, I declined opening the account several times, till at last she brought security - I stated I thought she was not capable of managing her business, and I declined it, because she appeared so exceedingly strange,and exhibited such conduct, begging for goods, and crying, and making such exclamations; her manner was quite incoherent - I asked who was going to assist her in business, she said her daughter - her manner appeared very much changed from that of her usual manner - I was subpoened to attend on the part of the prosecution.
COURT. Q. What sort of exclamation did she make use of, was it the importunity of begging you to trust her? A. It might arise from that, she called repeatedly for a fortnight, and seemed very anxious to be served with goods, imploring me to give her credit, and that it should be paid - she did not complain of being refused credit elsewhere - she begged I would send goods in, and she would pay me at the regular time - she seemed very much distressed at my making a difficulty about it, and went about the room for an hour together, wringing her hands and crying - I gave her credit at last - she was very different when she obtained her object, she then appeared milder; she appeared thankful, and expressed herself so - she said she was going to have goods at a cheesemongers - she might have probably said it was important for her to have the goods - I let her have them, because I got security for them - at one time the daughter came, the only words the daughter used were, "We had better go away, Mr. Danby declines to give credit," and the prisoner said she hoped I should change my mind.
MR. 
               
                  GILBERT 
                  McMURDO
               



            . I am the medical man employed in the gaol. My attention has been called to the prisoner since she has been confined, as to whether she was sane or otherwise - I was examined yesterday, and said I would rather not give a positive opinion, but rather thought she was feigning; since that I have taken particular pains to ascertain her state of mind, and from information I have received in her presence to-day, I should say I consider her to be positively of sane mind - I was told in her presence of observations she has made relative to her trial; she made no observations to me about it, nor in my presence - I told her what I had heard of her since yesterday, and of what she had said; she appeared to understand me, but would not answer - I told her that she had said to one of the nurses, "I know all that has passed in the Court," and I said, "I understand, Mrs. Wratten, although you behaved well to Mrs. Ruthven up to this time, yet in consequence of her evidence to-day, you have behaved ill to her, striking her, and threatening her daughter, by which it appears you fully understood her evidence;" she made no observation, but she did not make the motion of her eye, or the distortion of her face, as she does now; she appeared to know what I was saying, but would not answer me - I have observed her manner at the bar, she can conduct herself different at times in the gaol; and when I was sitting in the box just now, the moment I spoke to her, to try the effect of my observation, she instantly began to assume the position of the eye, which has been observed; she was perfectly right before, and she began moving her mouth as she does now.
Q. Then from your observations, and from what passed, you are of opinion she is not insane, but of sound mind? A. That is my opinion; I did not like to give so decided an opinion yesterday, as I heard some of her relatives have been mad, and we have understood that madness is hereditary.


                  SARAH 
                  RUTHVEN
               



            . I am superintendant in the infirmary in Newgate; my attention has been directed to the prisoner; she has been principally under my care; she never spoke to me until the day before yesterday - she then came into my room, and seemed very cold; I asked her to sit down and warm herself, which she did, and she then said she should like to tell me all about it - I asked what she meant, and told her I wished she would tell me about it; she then turned round and went out of the room; and yesterday when she came out of Court, she came up stairs in a dreadful rage, and kicked over a bucket of water; I said if she behaved so she must have on a straight jacket - she kicked me and became quite outrageous; afterwards she came into my room, and was dreadfully abusive to me; saying it was all my doing, that I was the wretch who had done it; she did not say what; I had been examined yesterday as to my observation of her conduct.
Q. From the observations you made of her conduct and demeanour, do you believe her insane or of sound mind? A. I shall always think she is of sound mind; I really do - but I think she has been greatly distressed in mind owing to her situation; she said she was quite aware of everything that was going on in court yesterday; and I mentioned it to Mr. McMurdo before her to-day; she made no reply whatever.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a sub-matron; I have seen the prisoner several times - I considered she was not quite right in her mind, but likewise considered she assumed a great deal more than is really the case; I am of that opinion still; I have spoken to her repeatedly, she has not given me any answer; I have found, when she has thought she was not observed, that she has been calm and collected in appearance; but when she knew she was observed, or I found she knew she was observed, she put on all these grimaces and actions; I saw her after coming out of court yesterday - I heard her making a great noise calling out murder; I went up and saw her confined down on the bed, she had kicked over a bucket of water, and was very refractory; she has been violent at times before, and had the straight waistcoat on; but she was much more violent when she came out of court than I had ever seen her before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
