





1522. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HEMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of September
, 5 table-cloths, value 40s.; 4 sheets, value 20s.; 4 napkins, value 15s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 3s.; 2 tray-cloths, value 6s.; 2 petticoats, value 2s.; 2 pair of stockings, value 3s.; 3 lace caps, value 3s.; 1 veil, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 1s.; 1 tippet, value 6d.; 2 pieces of calico, value 1s.; 1 cake of soap, value 3d.; and 1 brush, value 6d.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
GEORGE TAYLOR. I am a timber-merchant
, and live in Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square


. The prisoner was my servant of all-work
 since January last, but I had discharged her - I then missed this property, and the officer went in search of her - her box had been removed from my house, and brought back by my desire, as she refused to let me search it before it went - it contained the property stated.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Did not she say that she objected to let her box be searched except by an officer? A. Yes - she left several boxes behind her - I did not open any of them in her absence - the box she took away was found at the next door neighbour's - I expect she was not staying there, but I was sitting in my parlour when she took the box, and saw it was so heavy she could not carry it far - I made inquiry, and found that she had left it there.


                  JOHN 
                  STRINGER
               



            . I am an officer. I was applied to by the prosecutor - I went to the next house and found the box - I took it to the prosecutor's, and found this property in it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the box fastened? A. Yes, the prisoner said the property belonging to Mr. Taylor was in that box - the keys were found in a bonnet-box - but the property had been found before she stated this.


                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a police-serjeant. On the 16th of September I went and got this box - I found two keys in a bonnet-box; one opened the trunk and one the drawer where this property had been.
MR. TAYLOR. This is my property - one of the keys found, opened the drawer where it had been.
Cross-examined. Q. How was the prisoner taken? A. She was given up by a soldier, who was represented as her husband, and she came to my house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
