





1428. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, 1 watch, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Ewart
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EWART
               



            . I am a mariner
, of Newcastle. On the 29th of May, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner in Whitechapel - she asked me to take a walk with her; we went to an up-stairs room in Wentworth-street


 - I was perfectly sober; my watch was in my fob when I entered the room; I did not take it out- I missed it after I had been there five minutes, and accused her of it; she said she had not got it - I struggled with her for a few minutes, and she got down to the room below; I went down to the stair-foot, but saw nobody to call to - I left the house, and went to Brick-lane, to Grant - I thought she would remain in the house; I returned there with Grant, and the house was shut up - we got into the house, but did not find her; I saw her in custody next day, and found the watch in pledge - I am sure I did not give it to her.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRANT
               



            . I am a Policeman. On Saturday, the 29th of May, between five and six o'clock, the prosecutor complained of being robbed - he was perfectly sober; he took me to the house - two rooms in it were fastened up; he said it happened in the top room, the door of which was open - I went in there, and searched well, but found no watch; the prosecutor on the road produced the duplicate of the watch to me.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD DIGHTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Union-street, Bishopsgate. On the 29th of May the watch was pawned by a woman, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Thomas
               



             - I cannot say it was the prisoner; the duplicate produced is what I gave the person - our shop is about five minutes walk from Wentworth-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DYKE
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on Saturday, about nine o'clock, in George-street - she denied the charge; I found nothing on her.
JOHN EWART re-examined. While I was stopping at the bottom of the stairs, the duplicate was thrown into the stair-foot to me - I had not seen the prisoner leave the house; I was there half an hour altogether - I had been with no other woman; I was perfectly sober - I had but two glasses of grog between eleven and five o'clock.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not at the office say you hadseveral glasses of rum, and could not swear to me? A. No - I am quite certain of her person, and never expressed a doubt of it; I never said there was another woman in the room - a woman went out of the house while I stood at the stair-foot; I never said I knew the person who pawned the watch - I am certain I was with nobody but her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
