





274. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of December
, 5 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 3 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Rutherford
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  MATTHEW 
                  RUTHERFORD
               



            . I am a seaman
; I had been to the Commons, and received my wages on the 2nd of December, and met the prisoner in a coffee-shop in Ratcliff-highway


, between one and two o'clock the next morning: I had then fourteen sovereigns, and I changed one - I was not sober when I got to the coffee-shop; I found the prisoner there: she accosted me - she asked for something to drink - I gave her half a crown: she got some rum, and brought me three sixpences in change - I then went with her to her own house: I was there a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes; I counted my money in her house, but I did not give her any thing: I had nothing to do with her - she put her hands into my pocket, when I sat down on the chair; I said, "This will not do for me;" I got up and counted my money, I found I had still my thirteen sovereigns, and I put them all safe into my left-hand breeches pocket; I bade her good night, and was going down - as soon as I got to the stair-head, she came and put her hand into my pocket; I seized her hand, and got eight sovereigns out of it - she got off with the rest and went out; I went out of the house in about five minutes, and found her in custody; I had not given her any money.


                  JAMES 
                  GRAHAM
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I heard a noise, and hastened to the place; I heard the prisoner run up some steps a little way from the house - she said, "Oh God! I have lost my shoe;" she came running towards me; I had a lamp in front of me - I turned the light on, and saw one of her hands grasped; I caught at it, and, to the best of my belief, I heard three sovereigns fall - I then searched her, and found two half-crowns and three sixpences in her bosom; I searched the place and so did others, but we found no sovereigns; the prosecutor said,"That is the girl that robbed me of five sovereigns, two half-crowns, and three sixpences."
Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell you, that he gave me two half-crowns and three sixpences? A. No, you never said any such thing; another officer found 8 1/2d. in her pocket.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutor had given her the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
