






1515. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRANT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        George Joseph 
                        Ford
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  JOSEPH FORD
               



            . On the 12th of June, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in Mitre-passage, Hatton-garden


, with my wife on my arm, and felt a tug at my outside coat pocket - I felt a shoving against the wall, and in a moment Grant and another man passed; I recollect seeing him behind me in Hatton-garden - I missed my handkerchief; I went to Grant, and said, "Give me my handkerchief;" he said, "I have not got your handkerchief," and swore - I then saw Green run away; he almost knocked my wife down in running; I followed, calling Stop thief! a gentleman came up - I asked him to hold him while I went after the other, and at the bottom of the court two lads said a fellow had run up there with a handkerchief; I went up - it is no thoroughfare, and Green came out; I called him, and said, "Give me my handkerchief;" he said, "I have not got it" - his coat came open, and it fell out; I got a Policeman, who took him - there was a third man, who got away.


                  EDWARD 
                  GONOUD
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received them in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Grant's Defence. I know nothing of this young man.
G. J. FORD re-examined. They were all three abreast in Hatton-garden, and when I felt them at me Green was exactly behind me - he turned round, and ran.
GREEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
GRANT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Confined Three Months
            .
