



183. 




THOMAS ROGERS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of November, 1 cloak, value 15s., the goods of 




William Allen and another; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






RICHARD BATTLE
. I am in the service of William Allen and his partner, drapers, in High-street, Marylebone. On the 30th of November, at half-past nine o'clock at night, I heard the cloak-stand move, which stood in the shop—I was behind the counter—I looked out at the door and saw the prisoner with a cloak over his shoulders, which had been on the stand—I ran out, hallooing "Stop thief," and never lost sight of him till he was pursued by the policeman—he was stopped in my sight, and dropped it in the mews—I lost sight of him for about five minutes after the policeman joined in the pursuit—the cloak was picked up in the way he had run—I am quite sure he is the person—he had got three or four yards from the shop when I saw him.

Prisoner. You did not see me steal it? Witness. No, I saw it under your arms—our shop is about eight yards from the corner of the street.





CHARLES HENRY CURRIE
. I am a policeman. I was standing at the corner of Bowling-green lane, in High-street, and heard the cry of "Stop thief "—I saw the prisoner running with the cloak on his shoulder down the mews—he gave me chase round a coach—I caught hold of him—he said, "What are you taking me for, I am running after the thief"—I said.

"Well, I have got the thief"—I found the cloak behind the coach in the mews.

Prisoner. Was not I hallooing out "Stop thief?" Witness. Not that I heard—I never lost sight of him—I am certain he is the man.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along by the shop—there was a great crowd of people—there was a row, and my brother stood calling the policeman—there was a cry of "Stop thief," and the policeman stopped me.





CHARLES CLARK
. I am a policeman. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I know him to be the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

