





2180. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WELSH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, 1 watch, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Goode
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  GOODE
               



            . I am a farmer's labourer
, and live at Hornsey. I was in Canonbury-fields


; I felt tired, and fell asleep - I awoke in a few minutes, and found the waist band of my breeches open, and my watch gone from my fob; it was in the day-time.
Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect being in my company? A. I was not - he is a perfect stranger to me; I had been up all night at master's business with his cows, as I went along a person represented himself as a sailor in distress, and asked me to give him a quartern of gin, which I did; but whether it was the prisoner I do not know.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS KING
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was with my brother officer in Canonbury fields; we went to relieve two other officers, and as we stood talking together, I saw the prisoner laying on his belly by the prosecutor - knowing the prisoner, I watched and saw him get up and leave, and just as he got by us, he threw away a stick, which belonged to the prosecutor, and ran up the field - I ran and asked the prosecutor if he knew the man who had been laying by his side - he said nobody had been by his side; his trousers were undone - he felt and missed his watch; I ran after the prisoner: my brother officer ran one way and I the other, and in the Lower-road I met him in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  CANTY
               



            . I am a Policeman. King told me of this robbery; I went and saw the prisoner running out of the field; I secured him opposite the Queen's-head, and found the watch on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had found the prosecutor laying on the ground at Islington, and after assisting him, he took him to a public-house, and gave him gin, then desired him to go on with him; on getting into the fields, he gave him his watch to mind, and sent him for a coach, which he was going for when the Policeman stopped him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS KING
               



            . The prosecutor was in liquor, but knew what he was about; it was church time, and we let him remain at the station - he went to sleep there; the prisoner did not say the watch was given to him, but denied knowing any thing of him.


                  CHARLES 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I keep the Two Brewers, Lower-road, Islington. I recollect the two men coming to my house on a Sunday morning; after I served them the prosecutor used bad language, which I told him not to do, or I should call the Police - the prisoner said, "Leave him to me, Mr. Hayward, I will take care of him;" the prosecutor paid 6d. for what was drank, and the prisoner took him away - they were about ten minutes in my house.


                  DANIEL 
                  GOODE
               



            . I never gave him my watch to take care of.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
