






969. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     RICE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Jackson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  JACKSON
               



            . On the 27th of April I was crossing London-bridge, I felt something touch me, I turned and seized Allen; at that instant he had his hand behind him, and I saw Rice take the handkerchief from him - I took Rice, and took my handkerchief from him.
Allen. Q. Did you see me take it out of your pocket? A. No, but I saw you passing it; I had you taken by a gentleman.


                  JOHN 
                  OSBORN
               



             (City police-constable No. 62). I took prisoners, and have the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to).
Rice's Defence written. I had occasion to cross London-bridge on the 27th of April, on my way to Hoxton. I was going after a small trifle of money that was owing to me, when, on the City side, a man passed me in a hurry, dressed in a fustian suit; I at that moment felt something fall on my foot, I looked down and saw it was a handkerchief; I was in the act of picking it up, when a young man directly accused me and another young man, who is an entire stranger to me, with having robbed him.
Allen's Defence. There was a mob of people - he could not see me take it - I had my hands in my pockets.


                  RICHARD 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I saw the handkerchief in both their hands at the same moment.
ALLEN - 

               GUILTY
            .* Aged 19.
RICE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
