



379. 




JOHN MARSON OLDHAM
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of October, 84 yards of fringe, value 27s., the goods of 



Benjamin Kelsey, his master.






BENJAMIN KELSEY
. I am a fancy trimming manufacturer, and live in New Nichol-street, Bethnal-green. The prisoner was in my employ—it was his business to go about the town, sell goods, and receive money—my son delivered the goods to him in the morning, and it was his duty to bring back the goods or the money—on the day before the officer took him, which was in December, he came into the warehouse where I was, and said, "A fine morning, Sir"—I turned and said, "Yes, and a fine game you have been playing with me"—he fell on his knees and said he hoped I would forgive him, and give him two years to pay the money back—I said, if I gave him that privilege, he would rob me to a greater amount still.

Prisoner. I have been fifteen months in his employ—I used to take out goods, and sell them to whom I pleased—he asked me, on my return, where I sold them—the books will prove that I had weekly, monthly, and even longer accounts. Witness. He was to return the goods or the money every night, except goods which he booked to customers—some of them paid weekly, some monthly, and some when they pleased—he had weekly wages himself—in many cases he entered these goods to persons who never had them.


COURT. Q. Had he entered these 84 yards of fringe to any body? A. Yes; to Mr. Wornell's, in Newgate-street, but they never had them.





WILLIAM KELSEY, JUN
. I am the prosecutor's son. It was the prisoner's duty to take out property and sell it, and give an account of it—on the 24th of October I have an entry of 84 yards of fringe to Mr. Wornell, of Newgate-street; three dozen at 2s. 10d., and four dozen at 3s. 9d.—I entered it from the prisoner's mouth—Mr. Wornell's account was monthly.

Prisoner. I admit that I have given wrong statements in some certain instances, but since I have been committed, my employer has been collecting goods by my direction and information—I gave an account where articles had been left on approbation. Witness. He gave no information, but I believe some trifling articles have been returned—eight dozen of gimp.





JOHN DOBSON
. I am warehouseman to Messrs. Wornell's, of Newgate-street. I did not receive 84 yards of fringe on the 24th of October—we have no entry of any thing of the kind, which we should have had, had it been delivered—I know the prisoner—I can swear he did not leave these goods.

Prisoner. He has not been the only one who has purchased goods—I have sold goods to two persons in the house—I have been obliged to sell goods lower than the invoice price, to keep the connexion together.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
There were three other indictments against the prisoner.
