




2196. 




EMMA MILLER
 and 




THOMAS PROSSER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of September, 8 pairs of fronts for boots, value 7s.; and 61bs. weight of sole leather, value 10s.; the goods of 




Joseph Poole.






JOHN BARFIELD
. I am in the employ of Joseph Poole, a currier and leather cutter, in Broad-street, St. Giles. On the 14th of September I saw the two prisoners in the shop—they came in about a minute after one an other—the woman came in first—she bought a few articles, which came to about 6d., and then the man came in—he went up by the side of Miller—a young man beckoned me into the street, and told me something—I went to go back into the shop, and the woman was coming out—I do not know whether Prosser had said anything to her—he bought some things—they were close together in the shop—Miller was then going out, and I asked her what she had got—she said, "Nothing"—I said, "I must look and see"—I and another man opened her cloak, and found on her 8 pairs of fronts for boots and 61bs. weight of sole leather—nothing was found on the man.

Prosser. I paid for what I bought in the shop.





ROBERT BUGO
. I was in the shop—Prosser asked for some unblocked fronts—he put them on one side, and the woman put them under her cloak—I am sure of that—I told what I saw—they were not both taken, only the woman—the man slipped by, and went out directly—I am sure I saw him take them, and hand them to the other.

Prosser. We cannot go into a shop to buy leather without looking at it, and no customer can find what suits them till they take the things and

lay them on one side; I bought a pair of blocked fronts; what he showed me did not suit me.





THOMAS GREEN
. I am a policeman. I took the woman into custody on the 14th, and the leather was given up to me.





SAMUEL BROWN
 (police-constable G 88.) I apprehended the male prisoner at No. 3, Finsbury-market—he was not locked up till I made further inquiries about it—I said nothing to him about this.





GEORGE WADDINGTON
. I am an officer. Prosser was once in my custody—Miller came to see him, and brought him refreshment, and when she was taken I knew that Prosser was wanted—I gave information to the police.

Miller. I am innocent of it.

Prosser. I have dealt with Mr. Poole nearly three years, and never had a stain on my character.

MILLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

PROSSER—


GUILTY
.* Aged 22.




Transported for Seven Years.
