



723. 




GEORGE CAMP
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of January, 1961bs. weight of lead, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 



John Walls and another; and fixed to a building.






JOHN FARRELL
. I am a leather-seller, and live at Hounslow. I have

the keys of a chapel at Heston, in Middlesex—it was in my charge—I missed 13/4 cwt. of lead from the roof—the proprietors of the chapel are John Walls and John Hunter—James Walls is the son of John Walls, but he is not a proprietor.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. From whom did you receive the key? A. From Mr. Walls, Mr. Hunter does not interfere—I never saw him—I received the key on behalf of Mr. Walls and Mr. Hunter.





JOSEPH BARNES
. I am fourteen years old, and live on Hounslow-heath—I know the prisoner—I was at the Tenterden Arms at Hounslow with him and George Potter, Henry Colton, and my brother Abraham—we staid about twenty minutes in the tap-room—I went with the prisoner and George Potter on Hounslow-heath—we went to this chapel, about one o'clock in the morning—it is a Methodist chapel—we took some lead off it, but not quite all—we took the lead to Shepherd's, each of us carrying a part of it—I know Mills—we did not carry that lead there—we took some other lead.

Cross-examined. Q. How many more things of this kind have you been concerned in? A. Two or three—I gave evidence against Shepherd, but the Grand Jury have thrown out the bill.





THOMAS CHESTERMAN
. I am a watchman at Hounslow. On the 4th of January I was on duty, and saw Camp, Potter, and Barnes, about half-past twelve o'clock, in Irish-lane—I went to them and asked what they were waiting for—they said, "Nothing particular"1—they left me and went on, in the direction of the chapel, which is beyond my beat—I went my rounds, and met the other watchman—I told him what I had seen, and went back again to the place, but the prisoner and the others were gone—I expected I should hear of a robbery, and next morning I heard of this.





WILLIAM CHAMPION
 (police-constable T 89.) I was on duty at Turnham-green on the 31st of January, about eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner with something bulky under his smock-frock—I stopped him, and found he had a quantity of lead—he said he found it in a sheep-cote near Hounslow—I have not been able to ascertain who it the owner of that lead—the lead from the chapel has not been found.





ROBERT STEWART
 (police-constable H 30.) On the 4th of January I saw Chesterman—I made inquiry about Barnes, and went and took him—he confessed the whole of the transaction—I went to the chapel and missed the lead—it appeared to have been fresh cut.

Cross-examined. Q. You had taken Barnes before he told you of this and other concerns? A. Yes.
(John Passy, a sale-porter at Hounslow, and Edward Weatherly, a brewer's clerk at Twickenham, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
