



2181. 




JOSEPH LAWRENCE
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of July, 1 set of harness, value 7l.; and 1 chaise, value 15l.; the goods of 



Robert Smith.






ROBERT SMITH
. 1 live at No. 8, Little James-street, Gray's Inn-lane. About the 26th of July, the prisoner came to hire a stanhope and harness for two days for 10s.—he came again in the afternoon with a mare, and took it away—I received this letter on the Saturday, as the time had expired for the hire—he did not tell me where it was to go to.—(reads). "Sir—I shall keep the chaise and harness at the price agreed on; but as I shall not return to town till Monday evening, I enclose this note that you may not be disappointed. I shall call on Tuesday and pay you."—This lulled my suspicions for a time—he did not come on Tuesday—I did not see him again till I saw him at the police-office about a fortnight ago—I have seen the chaise and harness since—the officer traced the chaise to Mr. Ball's livery stables, and the harness was found at the pawnbroker's.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not agree to give you 22l. for the chaise, and you were to paint it? A. No; you asked me what might be the price—you said you were going to Hoddesdon; and, provided you could gammon the old man, it would be all right—those were your words.





WILLIAM CHAPMAN
. I am ostler to James Balls, a livery-stable keeper at Holloway. I remember the prisoner coming to me for a mare to fetch a chaise—I let him have a mare, and the next day he came with the chaise now produced—it was on the 26th of July——hebrought a boy and took the harness away—a few days after he came again, and paid for the hire of the mare for the two days.





JAMES BALLS
. The prisoner left this chaise as security for my bay mare—not the one Chapman has been speaking about.





WILLIAM TROTT
. I am in the service of Mr. Cordwell, a pawnbroker. I produce the harness which was pledged by the prisoner on the 26th of July.

Prisoner. I purchased the chaise and harness of Mr. Smith for 22l.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
