




92. 




GEORGE POULTON
alias


HENRY CARMAN

 and 




JOHN MOORE
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwell-house of 



Thomas Miller, about the hour of nine in the night of the 
3rd of November, at 
St. Pancras, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 bed-gown, value 3s.; and 1 cap, value 3s.; the goods of 




Caroline Beal, and 1 blanket, value 3s.; 2 sheets, value 4s.; and 1 towel, value 2d., the goods of the said 



Thomas Miller.






CAROLINE BEALE
. I am house-keeper to Thomas Miller, of Edward-street, St. Pancras. On Tuesday night the 3rd of November, I saw a young man pass through the passage of the house, with a bundle under his arm—he came from the kitchen, and went out at the street-door, which was open—the door had been shut all the evening—I know it was shut half an hour before, or less than that—It was on the latch, and could he opened from the outside—It was not bolted—I cannot say whether any body came in after I had seen it on the latch—there are lodgers in the house, who might have come in—I missed from the kitchen, two sheets, one blanket, a towel, a night-gown, and night cap—they are not worth 2l.—the young man passed me in the passage, and had rather a large white bundle under his arm—I did not see his face—It was a little after nine o'clcok.





GEORGE ANTHONY
. I am a city special-constable. I was out on Tuesday, the 3rd of November, and saw the prisoners in company with two others, going in a directon for Camden-town, from Tottenham Court-road, about five o'clock in the evening; and about half-past nine o'clock the same evening I saw the two prisoners in Tottenham Court-road, near University-street—Moore was carrying a large bundle in a silk handkerchief—I followed them and heard Moore say to Poulton, "Here, you carry the swag"—I followed them some distance, and saw Tibbs the policeman on the other side of the road—we followed and overtook them—they looked round, and saw us and when we nearly got up to them, Poulter threw the bundle at the policeman who was nearer to him than me—the constable picked it up immediately, and they ran away in different directions—I pursued Poulton some distance, and secured him, and took him to the station-house—I am quite positive he is the man who threw the bundle at the constable—Moore made his escape, but was taken afterwards—I am sure he is the man—I knew him before.

Poulton. I did not take the bundle in Tottenham Court-road. Witness. On taking him to the station-house, I asked where he got the bundle from—he said, "I know nothing about it, Jack Moore gave it to me."





WILLIAM TIBBS
. I am a policeman. Anthony called me to his assistance—I followed the prisoners—I am certain they are the two men—I picked up the bundle, and have bad it ever since—I afterwards took Moore, and searched him, and found on him a key which opened the door of the prosecutor's house—I tried it, and it fits the street door.





CAROLINE BEALE

re-examined. This bundle contains all the things lost—the bed linen is master's—the cap and night-gown are mine—a latchkey will open the door from the outside—the lodgers have a latch-key.

Poulton's Defence. I never saw the things.


Moore's Defence. They took a key away from me belonging to the street-door of the house I lived in—I met Poulton in Tottenham-place with the bundle as I was coming out of my own house—he asked me to hold if for him while he tied it up in his handkerchief, he then took it from me again, and asked me to walk with him, which I did—I never had it again.

POULTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

MOORE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.
Of stealing only.




Transported for Seven Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.

