




731. 




WILLIAM STEEL
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
6th of February, 84 pairs of shoes, value 10l., the goods of 



Samuel Emsley, his master, in his dwelling-house; and 





JAMES HENRY SIMS



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to be stolen; against the Statute, &c.—3rd COUNT for receiving of an evil-disposed person.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the prosecution.





JAMES MULLINS
 (police-constable K 66.) On the 6th of February I was on duty, about seven o'clock in the evening, in Northampton-street, Cambridge-road, and saw the prisoner Sims in company with another, who it not here—Sims had this hamper containing these shoes—I followed them into Cambridge-road—the one not present fell back—he walked back—I followed Sims into the Whitechapel-road—I came up to him and asked him what he had got—he said, "Boo-shoes," as if he was going to say some other word—I asked where he was going—he said, "to Mr. Solomon's, in the Old Change"—he said, "I have got not bill"—I asked him if there was many address on the hamper—he said, "No"—I asked him where he came from—he said, "From the Octagon factory"—I asked him who gave it him—he said, "The master of the factory"—I then laid hold of him and the hamper, and was assisted by another policeman down to the factory, and saw Mr. Emsley—Sims was present—he was quite close—I asked Mr. Emsley if he had sent him out of an errand—he said, "No"—I brought him round to the centre of the room, to where Mr. Emsley was, and Steel was called by Mr. Emsley to open the hamper, and Mr. Emsley said to Steel, "Is not this my property!"—Steel said they were.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you know whether Mallet, the man who fell back, had been in Mr. Emsley's employment? A. Not then, I believe—I had not known him before that I know of—I did not know Mr. Emsley—I found him by what Sims told me—Sims and Mallet remained together two or three minutes—Mallet then went away—I then laid bold of Sims, and compelled him to go to Mr. Emsley's—he said he came from the Octagon factory, and had them from the master—I Cannot tell whether Mallet told him to say that.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What did he say about it? A. He said he had them from the master of the factory—the hamper contained seven dozen pairs of shoes.





SAMUEL EMSLEY
. I have no partner; I live in Norfolk-street, Bethnal-green, and am the proprietor of the Octagon shoe-factory—that is my dwelling-house—it is in the parish of St. Metthew, Bethnal-green—Steel had the entire management of the shoe department, and had to take care of the places containing the shoes—I employed Sims for about nine months—Steel introduced him—I remember the policeman bringing him to my house on the evening of the 6th of February, with this hamper and shoes—Steel was called up to open the hamper—I asked him where Sims lived—he said he did not know—I said I was quite certain, that at three different periods, he had told me he knew well where he lived, that he could not give a direction, but he could show any person—he said, "Oh, I recollect, I can show the place"—I had complained to him ten times at least before this, that the racks were getting very light, considering we were making a large numbers of shoes, and sending out but few—he said he did not think so—he

did not give a definite answer—we manufacturer 100 dozen pairs a week, especially in the winter; and employ about 100 men, and about 1000 women in the stay-manufactory—on the Saturday after this, Steel was absent—I went to his house, he was not at home—I have examined these shoes, they are mine—I have missed a great many hundred dozen.





SARAH SADLER
 I am a widow, and live at No.13, John-place, chicksand-street, Whitechapel. On the 7th of February I went to Mr. Sims house, and was there-quarters of an hour—I saw Mrs. Sims, and a person Mrs. Sims called Wilkinson, or Williams at first, that was the prisoner Steel—he made no reply—he was in his shirt sleeves—she afterwards called him Steel—he said nothing—he got up—there were three pairs of slippers on the table—he took them up, and put them into the fire, after Mrs. Sims called him Steel—he said what could he do about burning the shoes—he went out directly on being called Steele—I never saw his before—he was there when I went in—he could hear what Mrs. Sims said—they were sitting on each side of the fire place.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON
Q. I see that Steel's name is William? A. I do not know what his name is, he was not called William but Wilkinson or Williams.





WILLIAM BURNE
 I am a waiter at the Earl Grey public-house, Mils end-road. I have seen the prisoners Sims and Steel there—I first saw them about five months since—I know a man of the name of Mallet—he was acquainted with the two prisoners—on Friday, the 5th of February. Sims and Mallet came first, between eight and nine o'clock, and Steel joined them about half-past nine o'clock—they remained till a quarter past ten o'clock together—Sims lives at No. 3, Sidney-street—on the Sunday(after that Friday)the 7th of February, about ten minutes after one o'clock, I saw the prisoner Steel come out of Sims' house—he appeared in a great flurry, buttoning up his coat, and running down the street, as fast as possible.

SIMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

STEEL—


NOT GUILTY
.
