






Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
949. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     MORRISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of March

, 1 mattress, value 10s.; 1 pillow, value 2s.; 1 chest, value 5s.; 3 jackets, value 20s.; 5 pairs of trousers, value 15s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 4 shoes, value 7s.; 1 Guernsey frock, value 2s.; 3 pillow-cases, value 1s.; 2 pairs of drawers, value 2s.; 1 south-wester, value 6d.; 1 hat, value 1s.; 4 stockings, value 1s.; 4 razors, value 1s.; 2 canisters, value 6d.; 2 knives, value 1s.; 1 canvas bag, value 6d.; 4 shirts, value 3s., and 1 looking-glass, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Hall
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a seaman, and was a patient on board the Dreadnought Hospital ship
. On the 17th of March I took my chest of clothes, containing the articles stated, to the Dundee Arms, and delivered it to John Lambert, the warehouseman, to keep it for me till I came out of the hospital - the prisoner was a patient in the hospital-ship with me, and some days after I had left my chest at the Dundee Arms, I desired the boatswain to call and see if my clothes were safe, and he brought word down that they were gone - when I told the boatswain to call the prisoner was standing close to me, and he heard what I said; he left the ship the same day - I never authorized him to get my property; I only knew him by seeing him on board.


                  JOHN 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am the warehouseman at the Dundee Arms



. I received the chest from the prosecutor, and put it by securely; on the Friday following, which was the 23rd of March, the prisoner came, and said he came from George Hall, a patient in the hospital, for his chest and bed - I showed him several others; he said they were not the one, but he pointed out this one, which had the bed lashed on it - I allowed him to take it, believing he came from the owner; he brought me this note:-
Mr. Scandenburg. - Please to let the bearer have my chest and bed, and you will oblige your humble servant; for George Hall,

D. R. 
            COSDALE.
I told him there was 1s. to pay, and he said could not Itake less, as he was a poor fellow on board the hospital ship.
GEORGE HALL. I never wrote this note, but I told the boatswain that the bed was lashed on the chest.
Prisoner. You told me to go and look after your chest, and if I could get it, to send it to you. Witness. No, 1 did not.


                  MARY 
                  MANEY
               



            . I live in Rosemary-lane



. On the 23rd of March the prisoner came, and called for half a pint of porter; I served him with it - he then asked if I could accommodate him with a lodging; I said Yes - he asked if I could recommend him an honest man to fetch a box, as he was a ship carpenter, and had just returned from sea; I sent a man with him to the Dundee Arms, who brought the chest, but not the bed - he slept there, and had breakfast and dinner the next day; he staid till the Tuesday, when two officers came and took him - they came afterwards, and took the chest.


                  MICHAEL 
                  GOLDSMITH
               



            . I am a slop-seller. I bought this bed of the prisoner on the 33rd of March.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a jacket, five pairs of trousers, and a pair of shoes, pawned by the prisoner on the 24th of March.


                  RICHARD 
                  THOMAS DOBBINSON
               



            , (Police-constable K 136.) I went and took the prisoner - I asked if he knew any body on board the hospital ship; he denied it, and said he had never been there, but in going to the watch-house he said he had been on board, and that he knew the prosecutor.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He has not lost any thing - the next day, when I came to my sober senses, I told him where every thing was; I did not go to steal it, but I met an old shipmate, and we had two or three glasses of grog - after I had the chest on the porter's back, to send it to the prosecutor, I met an old friend, who gave me some more drink; we drank till his money was gone, and then he persuaded me to take some of the things from the chest, and pawn them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
947. ALEXANDER MORRISON was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March, 1 silver thimble, value 1s., and 1 buckle, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Maney
                  



               
            .


                  MARY 
                  MANEY
               



            . I am the wife of John Maney. On the 23rd of March the prisoner came and lodged at my house - while he was there I lost a silver thimble and a buckle from the till; these are the articles.


                  RICHARD 
                  THOMAS DOBBINSON
               



            . I took the prisoner, and found in his right-hand trousers pocket this thimble and buckle.
Prisoner's Defence. There was a dance at the house, and I found them in the passage.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years, for each offence
            .
