






163. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     KENNETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     RESTEAU
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, 18 yards of gauze ribbon, value 6s., and 1 net cap, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Underwood
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARRAD
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. James Underwood and another, who are draper
s. On the evening of the 30th of October, this property was taken from a shop of the rs in Judd-street


, of which I have the management - a round pane of glass was broken in the window, which requires two or three days to mend it - I had sufficiently secured it, as I thought, but while I was out these things were extracted from the window.
JAMES POSFORD (Police-constable S 50). I was on duty in Somers'-town, and saw the two prisoners lurking about in Charlton-street; I crossed over to them - they separated: I followed Kennett, and took this cap out of his hand, and these two scarfs from his bosom, this scarf from his pocket, and this roll of ribbon from another pocket - I asked how he came by them; he said Resteau gave them to him to pawn - he told me where he lived, and I went to his house, but he was not at home; I took Kennett to the watch-house, and Resteau was afterwards brought to the prosecutors' and I knew him to be the boy; I found nothing on him: in going to the watch-house he said he was with the other boy when he took the things, but he had none of them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
KENNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RESTEAU - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
