



20. 




ROBERT COLE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




James Partridge, about the hour of two in the night of the 
1st of November, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., his goods.






JAMES PARTRIDGE
. I live in Darkhouse-lane, Billingsgate, in the parish of St. Mary-at-hill—mine is a night house. On the 1st of November, about two o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner standing outside the bar of my house in the passage—he applied to my servant for a bed, and paid for it before he went to it—he went to bed about two o'clock, and about a quarter to three I heard my wife cry out that there was a man in her room—I was down stairs—I went up directly into our bed-room, at soon as I could get a light, but found nobody there but my wife—I cannot prove that the room door was fast—I had got up and left my wife in bed—I cannot swear I closed the door—it might possibly have been left open—in consequence of the alarm I went to the prisoner's room with an officer, and found him in bed—my man came into the room, and in consequence of what he said I felt the candle in the room, and it was warm as if lately blown out—I searched the room and found nothing then, but two or three hours after we found a handkerchief which I missed from my bed-room, under the prisoner's bed, between the sacking and the bed—he was still in bed—this is the handkerchief—I had seen it safe in my own room when I went to bed.





ANN PARTRIDGE
. I am the prosecutor's wife. My husband got up early in the morning on the 2nd of November—I had seen the handkerchief about eleven o'clock, when I went to bed, on a chair close by the bed-room door—I was awoke when my husband got op—I know this to he the handkerchief—I have my own marking on it—I can positively swear the door was shut when my husband went down—I was awake, and saw him shut it after he went out—I am quite sure it was on the latch—I was awoke afterwards by the glare of A. candle coming in at the door, as

I suppose—I saw somebody at the foot of the bed stooping down—I thought it was my husband, and asked him what he was looking for—the person turned round as he was going towards the dressing table—he went towards the door and left the room—I gave an alarm, and my husband came up—the handkerchief had been placed over some clothes the day before, and when I went to bed I took hold of it and placed it further on the chair.





JOHN CHARLTON
. I am a policeman. I was sent for to Mr. Partridge's house on Tuesday morning, the 2nd of November, between five and six o'clock—an officer had been there before me—I went with the prosecutor into the room, and found the prisoner in bed—he was very reluctant to get up, and while he was getting up they searched his clothes, and found three sovereigns, four half-crowns, 3s. 6d., and fourteen duplicates, seven of them for handkerchiefs—I found this handkerchief between his bed and sacking.

Prisoner's Defence (written.) I was rather intoxicated when I went to the house—I called for some coffee and went to bed—I dropped a sixpence, but did not miss it till I got up stairs, when I searched for it but could not find it, after being in bed about five minutes the alarm was given, and the sixpence I had lost was found in my umbrella—nearly at the same time I went to bed two females went up stairs—all was quiet till half-past six o'clock, when the handkerchief was found under the bed—if I had known it was there I could not have slept, besides there was time to have eaten it if I was guilty—the landlady said at first that the man had a great-coat on in the room, but afterwards said she saw somebody crawling on his hands and knees.





JAMES PARTRIDGE

re-examined. I sent for an officer first who is not here now—the prisoner did not say any thing about losing sixpence—we found a sixpence in his umbrella when the officer examined it—but I did not hear the prisoner say he had lost one before that—there were no women in the house besides my own family—we had two men lodgers.





ANN PARTRIDGE

re-examined. I told the officer the man had a coat on, and a brass candlestick in his hand—I believe I said a frock-coat—we had but two brass candlesticks, one was in my room, and the prisoner had the other in his room—when I went into it I saw it there, and am sure the person in my room had a brass candlestick in his hand—I said so before I saw him—he went out stooping, and I believe he went out on his hands and knees.





JOHN CHARLTON

re-examined. I found the sixpence in his umbrella—he said nothing about losing one, but he said afterwards that when he counted his money he should have missed it.




GUILTY
 of stealing only. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

