



507. 




GEORGE WEBB
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of January, 36 trusses of hay, value 4l., the goods of 



Edward Boards.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





EDWARD BOARDS
. I am a fanner, and live at Edmonton. The Angel-bridge crosses the Wash, and Water-lane turns down by the side of it—my farm is opposite the Fleece—if a person went down Water-lane about half a mile, and then turned to the left down Journeyman-green, there is then a gate which was nailed up, and a bridge—if a person went through that gate, and through three meadows, and three other gates, it will lead to the back of my stack-yard—when you get to the end of the meadows there is a cow-yard, but that had not been entered—a cart had stopped at the end of the last meadow, and there turned round, about fifteen or twenty yards from where the hay was, and across the cow-yard, which was littered up with haulm—on Friday, the 9th of January, I had thirty-six trusses of hay loaded on a cart, with a new tilt over it, under the shed—it was bound, and ready for market—I saw it safe at seven o'clock that evening—at four o'clock the next morning, my man called me up, and said the hay was gone—I found the cart empty about six o'clock, and have not seen any of the hay since.





JOHN CAMP
. I am constable of Edmonton. On Saturday, the 10th of January, I received notice of the loss of this hay—I went with Morison to Water-lane—I saw the track of a cart drawn by one horse—I saw it just at the corner, turning down from the high road towards the farm—the track was very recent—it went round down Journeyman-green, across the meadows—the first gate was open, and the others also—when the cart had got to the end of the meadows, it appeared to have turned round, and there were the impressions of a cart, which appeared to have gone back across the same fields, down the same lane, and turned into the road towards London—the near hind shoe of the horse which had drawn the cart appeared to have been recently turned up for roughing, and the off hind shoe had two stumps behind it—the hind shoes made different impressions—I saw nothing about the fore-shoes any more than common—Forster had some horse-shoes in his possession afterwards, which appeared to me as if they would have made the impressions I saw on the ground—I did not see them fitted to the marks.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was it frosty weather? A. No,

it had been, but it had thawed that morning—I had not been down Water-lane the day before, but the impressions were so recent, I think they could not have been there the day before—I do not know that there had been any rain—there were not many marks down the lane, where these marks were, they were close by the sign-post—when I first went to look, I saw both the track of the cart down and up Water-lane—it is not unusual to rough the shoes of horses in frosty weather.





EDWARD BOARDS

re-examined. Q. Had you been across the meadows in the course of that Friday? A. Yes—there were no marks of any cart having passed through there for months—if I had sent out my carts, I should have sent them out the front way, certainly—the impressions I saw on the Saturday morning were fresh, they had been made within a very few hours—the gates are not unnailed in the winter time—it is a private road to the marshes.





JOSEPH FORSTER
. I am constable of Tottenham. I got a black blind horse, which was fetched from Ponder's-End on the 16th of January—Kirk rode it up in my presence, to the smith's shop, near the Angel at Edmonton—Belford told me it was his horse—I caused the smith to take off the off shoe behind, and the off shoe before—these are them—it was Camp's mistake, to say it was the near hind shoe, it was the front off-shoe.





JOHN CAMP

re-examined. This off hind shoe corresponds with the impression I saw on the ground—the fore shoe-mark appeared the same as others, except a clip out of one of them, which is the front off-shoe which Forster has—it left a corresponding mark on the ground where the shoe is turned up.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you say, you had not compared them with the marks? A. I did not fit them, but I saw the marks, and saw the shoes—there was nothing particular about the fore shoes but this mark.





JOSEPH FORSTER

re-examined. These are the two off shoes. I fitted them to the marks—there is a piece out of this fore shoe, at the turn up, and there was this mark on the ground where there is this vacancy in the shoe—I compared them with five or six places in the meadow—the lumps on this shoe are very large and high—I think they are what a man would make for frosty weather—this front shoe did not touch the ground but at the heel and the front part—I fitted them to the marks on the 16th—I did not find any marks of any other cart having gone up and down that meadow.

COURT. Q. I suppose you will say, to the best of your belief, that the horse that had these two shoes on had been in that meadow? A. Yes.

MR. DOANE. Q. Had there been any rain that week? A. I believe there had—the ground was soft—it was ground that would retain a very evident impression of shoes of this kind—I did not make an impression with these shoes by the side of the impression I saw in the field, but I put the shoes very carefully into the impression—I do not think many shoes would have made such an impression as these did.





THOMAS BELFORD
. I am a hay jobber, and live at Enfield-highway, near the new church. I job in hay and straw, and turnips—I have a black blind horse, which I lent to the prisoner for a month or five weeks—I know he had it a month—he jobs in hay and straw, and turnips—he was to pay 7s. a week for the horse—I don't know where he lives—I believe the horse stood at Edmonton—I don't know when I began to lend it to him—I cannot tell what month it was, nor whether he had it on new year's day, or in January—he had it about a month or five weeks before this hay was stolen—I heard the hay was lost—I know the prisoner had the horse then—I

saw him the Monday before the hay was lost, and told him I must have the horse home, as I had got one very bad—he said I should have it, and I had it home on the Sunday night afterwards—on Friday, January 9, I took a load of turnips to Covent-garden market—I started from Ponder's-End at a quarter before six o'clock—I got to Covent-garden a quarter before twelve, and returned between eleven and twelve o'clock on Saturday night—I had sold the turnips to pay my rent—I got a little intoxicated, and did not get home till Saturday—I saw the black horse in my stable on the Monday morning, at six o'clock—I got up on Sunday morning, and went out—I saw the prisoner, and asked him to go and have a bit of dinner, but I had had my dinner before—I had had that hone about two months—ever since Enfield fair—he had not been shod since I had him—I did not know what shoes he had on—I never lifted his foot up—I saw the horse at the time of the examination before the magistrate—it is the same that was in possession of Forster, and the same I had lent the prisoner—my attention was never drawn to the horse's shoes—I saw Mr. Board's brother at my stable—I did not threaten to bring an action against him for taking off the horse's shoes.

Cross-examined. Q. You lent the horse to the prisoner, and don't know when he brought it back? A. No.

JURY. Q. Did he tell you on the Sunday that be should bring it back? A. No.





EDWARD KIRK
. I am servant to Belford. He lent the prisoner the black horse—I fetched it home on the Sunday night from Mr. Geves', at Cow-lane, Edmonton—that was the stable the prisoner used to keep it in—my master sent me for it—he was at home when I brought the horse home, and sitting in the chair by the side of the fire—I brought the cart with the horse—it was John Bird's cart—I had orders to bring them both away—I had not heard of Mr. Board's losing his hay—I took the cart into my master's yard, and Mr. Bird afterwards had the cart—it was a narrow-wheeled cart—it would carry a load of hay—my master told me to bring it—when I got home that Sunday night, I told him I had brought the horse home—I was before the magistrate at Edmonton—Forster took the horse to Mr. Stanley, the blacksmith, and had his two shoes taken off—I did not see him do it, but I went for the horse when he had shod him again—this is the sort of hind shoe the horse wore—I had not noticed his fore shoes—I saw Mrs. Geves when I went for the horse—I told her I came from Mr. Belford.

Cross-examined. Q. Where does Mr. Geves live? A. Down Cow-lane—I do not know where the prisoner lives—he does not live there—I went into the stable and took the horse and cart away—I did not see any body there—I found no difficulty in getting the horse and cart away—if my brother had gone, he would have got it.

COURT. Q. Where was the prisoner when you went? A. I do not know—he had been at my master's, while we had our dinner, between one and two o'clock; me and my other fellowship mate, and my mistress and the children—my master was gone out—Mr. Geves's is about three miles from my master's—I had seen the prisoner using the hone during the month, three or four times—I never saw it used by any body else.





JOSEPH FORSTER

re-examined. It was a narrow-wheeled track I saw.





MARY GEVES
. I am the wife of Joseph Geves. He lives in Cow-lane, Edmonton, and is a labourer—there is a stable attached to our house—my husband lost his horse, and let the stable to George Webb—I remember

his keeping the horse and cart there—it was a dark-coloured horse—I do not know whether it was blind—it had been three weeks or a month in the stable—on Saturday, the 10th of January, he came home with the horse and cart early in the evening—I cannot say the hour—it might be between six and seven o'clock—I saw him when he came—the cart was empty, to my knowledge—I did not see any thing in it—I saw him afterwards—he came into the yard before the horse was put up—I did not observe the cart before it was backed into the shed—I did not observe any hay about the wheels—I did not take that notice—I was in my house—my window looks into the yard—it was not open—I can see the high road—I do not know whether the cart came from London—it came down a lane to our yard—after he had put up the horse, be came and paid me 3s. for three weeks' hire of the stable—he had not paid me any thing before—he did not take the money from his pocket—he had it in his hand when he came in, and laid it on the table—my house has a passage right through it—I saw Kirk the next day—he had the horse and cart—I did not hinder him—I do not know who the cart belonged to—I never took notice whose name was on it—but the prisoner hired the stable, and brought the horse and cart there—Webb had the cart in and out as he liked—I do not know where it was on the Friday night—I do not know whether it was at home—I do not know whether it was there at all on Friday—it was there on Wednesday—Webb took it away himself, but I do not know when—he took it out when it was taken—he was the person who had it out last.

Q. How came you to let Kirk have it? A. I do not know—I did not trouble myself who took the horse and cart away—the stable was not locked—I am sure the horse and cart were at home on Wednesday, and the last time it went out was with Webb.

JURY. Q. Was Webb to pay you the rent weekly? A. Yes; I had not asked him for it—he came and paid the 3s. that day—he said he might want the stable for three or four weeks.

Cross-examined. Q. When he had had it three weeks he paid you? A. Yes; I did not go to the stable with Kirk—the stable was not locked, any person might take the horse and cart without my assistance—I saw Webb with the cart on Wednesday—I am not sure that I saw him with it after Wednesday—I did not see him take it out, I cannot charge my memory with having seen Webb take it out after Wednesday, I saw him bring it home on Wednesday, and I did not see him take it out after that.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What time in the day on Wednesday did it come home? A. I am sure I do not know—I was with my children, and did not take notice.

Q. Upon your solemn oath, about what time did the cart come home on Wednesday? A. It was in the evening, I should think—he never hardly came home till the evening—I saw it go out on Wednesday, and I saw it come home in the evening—Webb brought it home on Saturday, but I do not know how long it had been out—I did not see him take it out.

Q. You told me the last time it went out, Webb took it; when was that? A. The last time I saw it, was on Wednesday—I did not see Webb fetch it after that, to my knowledge—it was out, because it was not in the yard—I was in the yard on Thursday and Friday, and it was not there, but I do not know how it got out—he might take it at any time—he brought it home on Saturday, he did not say where he had been—no one but Webb used it during the month.


Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You have stated that he could get it at any time, could any body else get it? A. Yes.

COURT. Q. Did you see any body but Webb take it at any time? A. No, not till Kirk took it—I did not know Kirk, and he did not speak to me.





JAMES HENRY SHADBOLT
. I keep the Horse and Groom at Edmonton. On Friday, the 9th of January, I employed the prisoner to fetch some coals for me, and he had my horse and cart—he afterwards fetched some coke with his own horse and cart—his was a black horse—I did not know it was blind, till the evening—the last time I saw it, was at a quarter or twenty minutes before eleven o'clock at night—that was when he had done what he had to do for me—my house is about half a mile from Mr. Board's farm, and about a quarter of a mile from the Angel bridge—his cart was a narrow-wheeled cart—I saw the blind black horse at the time of the examination before the magistrate—it was the one he had at work for me that day.





DANIEL ROWLEY
. I sometimes go by the name of Cripps—I am ostler at the Two Brewers, Ponder's-End, in the parish of Enfield. I saw the prisoner before the magistrate, on the 16th of January—I remember the Monday before that, I had seen the prisoner at the Two Brewers that day, between twelve and one o'clock—I cannot tell when I had seen him before—I cannot tell whether I had seen him within a fortnight—if I had seen him within a day or two, I should have recollected it, but I cannot tell when I had seen him last—I cannot say whether I had seen him for several days before that Monday, the 12th of January—I live at my master's, Mr. Bennett's, and sleep at his stable—I cannot tell when the prisoner had slept with me, to speak the truth.

Q. Upon your oath, had he slept with you within a week of Monday, the 12th of January? A. I cannot tell—he slept with me several different times—I cannot say when was the last time.

Q. Where did you sleep on Friday night, the 9th? A. I never sleep on Friday nights at all—the prisoner did not sleep with me that Friday night—I did not go to bed—he might have got into the room—I went to bed about four or five o'clock on Saturday morning—there are two rooms and two bedsteads, one in each room—but only one bed, that is in the further room—I sleep where the bed is—I did not find Webb in either of the rooms—Mr. Watson had been sleeping on my bed, because I called him up between twelve and one o'clock—there was nobody in bed with him then—I do not know what time Mr. Watson went to bed—I saw him about eight o'clock on Friday night.

Q. Where were you about twelve o'clock that night? A. On my master's, premises, on business—I cannot tell exactly where—I did not see the prisoner, I am quite sure—I know a man named Picket—he was not there that night—I was in my own bed between seven and eight o'clock on Saturday morning—I never saw the prisoner that morning.





JOHN TOMBLIN
. I am ostler at the Weavers' Arms, Newington-green—it is in the main road from Edmonton to London. I saw the prisoner at the Weavers' Arms, between ten and eleven o'clock on Saturday—he had a black horse and a narrow-wheeled blue cart, with the name of "Black," or "Bird," on it—he was coming from London, and stopped and had some refreshment.





JAMES CORDELL
. I live at Ball's Pond, which is nearer to London than Newington-green. I saw the prisoner at the Weavers' Arms, on Saturday, the 10th of January, with a horse and cart—he went away between three

and four o'clock, with his horse and cart, and went towards Newington-green.





JOSEPH FORSTER

re-examined. I should think it would take a man about an hour to get from there to Mr. Geves's, with a horse and cart.





GEORGE WALLIS
. I am a watchman on the turnpike-road at Edmonton. On Friday night, the 9th of January, I was looking after Mr. Knight's premises, and saw the prisoner with a horse and empty cart, going towards Edmonton-bridge—it was a dark-coloured horse, and a black-coloured cart—it had a tail-ladder and copse—the tail-ladder was fixed in behind, and the copse stood up inside the cart—they were going in a direction towards the prosecutor's—it was ten minutes or a quarter before twelve o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Mrs. Geves? A. Yes; it was going towards her premises.





JOHN CAMP

re-examined. I was present before the justices on the examination of the prisoner on this charge—I saw him put his mark to this statement, and the magistrates put their names—it was read over to the prisoner, and I signed it as a witness—this is the examination—it was written by Mr. Sawyer, who is here (read.)
"The prisoner having heard the charge, and being cautioned not to say any thing that might criminate himself, and being asked whether he is guilty or not guilty, says, I am not guilty. He further says, On Friday, the 9th of January, instant, I was employed by James Henry Shadbolt, of the Horse and Groom, Edmonton, to cart a load of coals from Wick's-ferry to his house—I delivered them about twelve o'clock—I brought them with Mr. Shadbolt's horse and cart—I then had my dinner, and went to fetch a chaldron of coke from the gas-house on the left hand side of Kingsland-road, which I fetched with my own black blind horse, hired of Thomas Belford, and a cart hired of John Bird—I delivered the chaldron of coke at Mr. Shadbolt's, about ten o'clock at night—Mr. Shadbolt gave me, and three other men, five pints of beer—I left between ten and eleven o'clock—nearer eleven than ten—I then took the horse and cart to Thomas Belford's yard, at Enfield-highway—I saw a boy at Belford's—I believe he works for Belford—I put the horse up myself and left the cart in the yard—I left, and came back to the Two Brewers, at Ponder's End—I got there about twelve o'clock—I went to bed in Daniel Cripps's, the ostler's, bed—he was in the yard—I saw him—I also saw a man of the name of Picket, who works in the yard—I got up between seven and eight o'clock the next morning, and went to the Queen's Head, at Wormley, a distance of about seven miles, where I arrived about one o'clock—I staid there three hours, and had three pints of beer—I then returned to Richard Broadstock's house, at Ponder's End, where I slept—I went to bed about nine o'clock—on the following morning, Sunday, I got up about seven or eight o'clock—I went to the Black Horse, at Enfield-highway, after breakfast—I staid there till three o'clock in the afternoon with Mr. Bennett, the ostler—I afterwards went to Thomas Belford's, and had tea with him and his wife, where I stopped till between four and five o'clock—no one else was there—I then returned to Richard Broadstock's, where I slept—I got up on Monday morning between eight and nine o'clock—I went to Mr. Shadbolt's about eleven o'clock, having heard at Ponder's End, that I was blamed for stealing the load of hay from Mr. Board's, to hear further about it—I was told by the ostler, that the officers were after me; in consequence of hearing that I stopped at Shadbolt's till about two o'clock—I then went by the coach

driven by Thomas Webb, as far as Kingsland-gate, and walked to Islington for two bottles of rum for Mr. Broadstock, for which I paid 3s. 8d.—I then returned by the same coach to Mr. Shadbolt's, the Horse and Groom.
"The mark of X George Webb."
"Taken before us,
James Eykin—C. R. Mores.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
