




1663. 




WILLIAM BACHELLIER
 and 




JOSEPH BENNETT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of June, 44lbs., weight of leaden pipe, value 5s. 6d.; and 21 squares of glass value 1l., 1s.; the goods of 



Stephen James Bridger Staunton, and fixed to a certain buildings; against the Statute, &c.






GEORGE ELLIS
. I am a Thomas police-officer. I fell in with the prisoners in Ratcliffe-highway, on the 12th of June, about ten o'clock in the morning—they were walking in company—they both had fustian coatls on, and from their bulky company—they separated all was not right—I followed them to Connon-street—they separated—I followed Bachellier and asked what he was loaded with—he said, "Lead"—I said, "Where did you get it?"—he said, "Form my master"—I said, "Where does he live?"—he said, Bethnall-green"—I knew he had come in another direction, and I took him—I followed to where I saw Bennett go, and took him—Bachellier then smashed something which was in his pocket, which appreated to be glass—I took a cob and took them, and in going along over the bridge I saw Bachellier raising his hand, I seized it and found in it these skeleton keys—I went to the office, and found in Bachelliers' pocket 19lbs. weight of lead, and this glass smashed in his other pocket, two keys, this knife, and these phosphorus matches; and on Bannett 24lbs. weight of pipe lead—I askeed what they had to say—they gave no answer—I then found a house had been entered and plundered in Ratcliffe-street—I went there, and found the front shsh had been taken into the back parlour the glass taken and frame broken up, and some square taken out in the back parlour and some up staris—among the glass which I found in Bachellier's pocket. I found some pieces that

corresponded with the frame—I could only only march one piece of pipe, as the whole of the eds were so broken up that they could not be matched—there had been some of the pipe whitewashed, and some in the cellar had not been washed—here is a piece of glass that I found on Bachellier, and this is a frame I found in the house—ther is another piece that fits it exactly—I have no doubt they are part of the same—about thirty-five feet of pipe had been taken—I found fifteen feet on the prisoners.

Cross-examined.
MR. DOANE. Q. This was in the morning? A. Yes, Bachellier said he had lead—I got part of this glass from Bechellier's pocket—these are mahogany frames, and some of the small glass corrresponds with the frame, not all—these man were remanded from time to time—Adam Hyde, a constable of the office, was employed of fit some of the piece of glass by me—he did not state that they did not fit—he is not here to-day.





JAMES HILTON LAWSON
. I am a licensed victualler. In went to the house in Ratcliffe-street, as Mr. Ellis was trying was trying the skeleton keys—I saw aleleton his open the door with one of them, and I saw him open this bundale of glass, and take out a piece—he took uo a piece of the frarse from the floor and the glass and putty on it corresponded with what laid on the floor—I have niot the least doubt that it was part of them—I took one piece of lead and tried it in different paprts—one piece corresponded in the angel of the wall of the kitchen, both iwth the whitewash and the part the was not whitewashed—it left no doubt on my mind tha tit came form that place.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there in the that it came from that corresponding mark to that whcih you have in your heand? A. It did not fit any where at the end, but the joint in the wall where the space was.





STEPHEN JAMES BRIDGES STANTON
. This house in Ratcliffe-street is mine—I had not seen if ro many years before—a tenant who was there left last Lady—day the fixture were my property, but I do not identify the lead or glass.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you any business? A. No—this is my copyhold—I have not assigned any portion of my interest in that house to any person.

BACHELLIER—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

BENNETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.




Transported for Seven Years.
