






907. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CLARKSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     TYE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 chain, value 2d.; 2 keys, value 1d., and 1 glazier's diamond, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Poole
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT POOLE. I am a glazier
. I was in the neighbourhood of Brick-lane


 between ten and eleven o'clock at night, on the 14th of February - I was sober; I met Tye and another woman, not in custody - they asked me for a glass of gin, as it was very cold; I said I would, but I did not know where to go - one of them, I believeTye, said, "Come in here, Sir;" they then led me into a house, and I went up five or six steps - I saw a very large fire in a grate, and I thought it was all right, but on turning round I saw a bed; I said, "This is not the place I wanted to come to" - one of them said, "Nobody will hurt you, but you will stand a drop of something to drink;" I said "I shall have no objection" - I took out sixpence, which I either put on the table or into Tye's hand; at that moment Clarkson came in, and Tye said, "The young man is going to give us something to drink;" she took the sixpence and a bottle - I said "I am off;" the other said, "You will not go" - I stopped till the gin came, and did just taste it; Clarkson then came and put her arms round me, and said, "You will not be off, stop and sleep with my neice Eliza;" I said "It is late, and I must go to my brother" - she said, "What time is it?" I pulled out my watch - Clarkson took it and ran off; I turned round, and one of the girls knocked out the candle - I said, "I see what sort of a house I am in, I will take the whole lot of you if I can" - I went into the street, and paced in front of the door till the officer came, and we went in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DYKE
               



            . I heard an alarm and went up - the prosecutor said he had been robbed, and would not leave the house till he got his watch; I went in - Clarkson was not to be found, but the landlord said he would send his daughter to a house where she could most likely be found; I went backwards - Clarkson was going up stairs, and I took her; she denied having it at all - I was going to search her; she produced it from her shawl, with this diamond.


                  ROBERT 
                  POOLE
               



            . This watch is mine, and this diamond, which I suppose she got out of my pocket - the other two girls did not touch me.
Clarkson's Defence. He gave me the watch to look what time it was - this woman knew nothing of it; I was sitting in a chair between them - the diamond laid on the table.
CLARKSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Life
            .
TYE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
