






Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
2090. 
               
                  EMMA 
                  BURCHER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, 1 pair of shoes, value 14s.; 1 hat, value 7s.; 1 round frock, value 9s.; 1 waistcoat, value 4s., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bond
                  




               
            .
JOHN BOND. I am a labourer
. On the 27th of September I came to London from Oxfordshire, to look for work - I had never been in London before; I was standing in Smithfield, about five o'clock in the evening, with a smock-frock on - the prisoners came to me, and asked me for 1 1/2d. for some gin - I did not go with them for some time, but at last I went into a gin-shop; we had some gin and water, and several quarterns of gin - they drank with me, and I paid for it; I then asked if they could tell me where I could get a lodging; they said they could, and they would go and show me - they took me to No. 11, Playhouse-yard


; Burcher took off her bonnet and shawl, and acted as mistress - they took me up stairs to the two pair back room; Burcher asked for the money for the bed, and I gave her 4d. - they took me up stairs to the two pair back room; Burcher asked for the money for the bed, and I gave her 4d. - they were both in the room; they told me to make haste and go to bed, as they wanted to go down - I went to bed, and went to sleep; when I awoke in the morning all my things were gone but my trousers and stockings - I had a shilling or two in my pockets, but I do not know how much; it was all I had in the world, and it was gone - I got up, and went to Maidenhead, where I had some more things; I did not see the prisoners again till Friday, when they were in custody - I have never seen my things since - they were most of them new and good.


                  SOPHIA 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I live in the next room to where this happened in Playhouse-yard - I know Burcher lived in that room. I saw the two prisoners and the prosecutor come home together that night, and gave them a light - I went out, and returned in a quarter of an hour; I saw the prosecutor asleep on the bed - the two prisoners were gone; Burcher had opened my door, and put two or three articles of crockery into my room - the candle was standing on the table; the prosecutor's clothes were all gone - I went and told the landlord, who tried to awake him, but he could not.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  MORTHEN
               



            . I keep a clothes shop in Playhouse-yard. On the night in question, about eight o'clock, the prisoners brought, me a new hat, and a pair of boots with dust on them; the boots had lace-holes in the front, and hob nails in them - I asked how they came by them, and they said they belonged to a young man in Newgate, that they were authorized to sell them, and take him the money; I doubted that, and would not buy them - Burcher had a bundle in her shawl; she stood near the door.
Burcher. You said I was not the person, that it was a tall person, puck-marked. Witness. I did not, I said you had a few marks, I thought.


                  GEORGE 
                  DYSON
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I went to the house about half-past ten o'clock at night; I found nobody in the room but the prosecutor fast asleep; there was no appearance of wearing-apparel left - I tried to awake him, but I could not; the next morning he gave me information of the two prisoners - I sent him home, and took them on Friday; Stevens said she was one of the girls who took the prosecutor home, that she staid ten minutes, and then left him - that Burcher would have robbed him of his shirt and trousers if she had been agreeable.
Burcher's Defence. He was awake when we left the room; I closed the door, and went part of the way home with Stevens.
Stevens' Defence. He had all his clothes on but his hat when I left the room.
BURCHER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
STEVENS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
