



1735. 




ELIZA MORGAN
 was again indicted

 for stealing on the 
15th of April, 47 yards of silk, value 7l., the goods of 




George Evans, in his dwelling-house; and that she had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





GEORGE EVANS
. I am linen-draper, and live in Tottenham-court-road. I employed the officer Pearce to watch my premises—I have stated

truly what occurred between me and the prisoner, when I saw her at Mr. Smith's the pawnbrokers.





WILLIAM BEAMAND
. I am shopman to Mr. Evans. The prisoner used to come there—I missed some lavender silk—I have brought a piece from my master—I missed a portion of this piece of silk—they were both ou rollers—I took this off the roller to bring it here—I have not measured this piece.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You took it off to bring it here? A. I took it off to take to Marlborough-street—since then it has been under the counter—the prisoner mentioned my name to Mr. Evans—I am not aware that I told her what my name was—I will not swear that I did not tell her, because any customer asking my name, I would give it directly—customers frequently ask my name,—she knew my address—I live at the shop—I will swear I did not give her my name without her asking it—I should not think of giving my name to any customer—I cannot say who my master bought this silk of—I have heard it was of the firm of Bowling and Garrett—I cannot tell where it was bought or of whom—it was not in the house when I went there—Mr. Gamble is the superior of that department—these goods came into the house in one piece, and Mr. Gamble cut it in two—I believe it was in the beginning of April, or the latter end of March—it was soon after stock taking, which is March—I missed one of these pieces of silk—this is the other—I believe I missed it at the latter end of April—I cannot tell how many times the prisoner came to the shop after it was missed—she used to come two or three times a week.





RICHARD ROPE
. I live at Mr. Button's, a pawnbroker, in John-street, Edgware-road. I produce two pieces of light coloured silk—I was in the shop when they were pawned, but I cannot say who was the person—it was a female—there was a shopman there at the time I dare say.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you state before the Magistrate that you would not say who pawned it? A. I did, Sir—I am not aware of any other shopman being there but our own—he is not here.





WILLIAM EDMUND RUMSEY
. I am shopman to Mr. Hall, of Maryle-bone-street, a pawnbroker. I have two remnants of silk, pawned on the 20th of April—I took them in of the prisoner—she first asked 30s. for them—I made out the duplicate for that, and then, on giving it to her and the money, she asked me 35s., and I lent it to her, considering them worth that—I asked her how she could account for having two pieces of one pattern—she said one was for herself, the other for her sister—she gave the name of Ellen Evans, No.11, Paddington-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen her before? A. No—I did not see her again till she was in custody—she was in the shop five or six minutes.





WILLIAM BEAMAND
. These two pieces correspond with the piece I have brought from my master's—they are the same goods.

Cross-examined; Q. Am I to understand you to swear that they ever formed a part of that other piece? A. I should say decidedly so—it is a difficult matter to swear, but I never saw two pieces of silk the same colour, the same width, and the same selvedge in my life—Mr. Evans is not the first linen-draper I lived at—I see no likelihood of this being sold, because when they are sold the blocks are placed together, and the block of this piece was never found—we sometimes give blocks with silk

when the whole is sold—fifteen persons are employed to sell silks in our shop—I cannot swear that this has not been sold.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you miss, and tell your master that you had missed this lavender silk? A. Yes




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Life.
