





1298. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, 2 hams, value 32s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Gardner
                        




                     
                  , and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am a carcase butcher


 in Newgate-market. On the 1st of August, I went to Mr. Biggerstaff, the banker, in Smithfield


 - I had left my cart just by, and when I returned I missed two hams from it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PATTERSON
               



            . I am an undertaker. Between two and three o'clock in the day I was going to Bartholomew Hospital - I saw the prisoner get into the cart, and take out two hams, and put them under his smock frock - I watched him across the market, he put them under some hurdles; two little children, said he had put them there, and then he took them out, and put them behind some other hurdles and straw - I went to get an officer we went to look for the hams, but they were gone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I was with Patterson - I saw the prisoner have the hams, and then he walked away with some other person.


                  GEORGE 
                  CRAWLEY
               



             (City police-constable No. 61). I took the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  LAPTHORNE
               



             (police-constable C. 182). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, on the 20th of October, in the tenth, year of his late Majesty's reign - I was a witness and know he is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
