




745. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 and 




JAMES BALTOCK
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of February, 8 fowls, price 20s.; and 2 tame ducks, price 5s.; the property of 



George Podmore and another.






NICHOLAS RYVES
 (police-constable N 54.) On the 12th of February I was on duty in Hackney-wick. I do not know how far that is from the prosecutor's—at a quarter past seven o'clock in the morning I met the two prisoners in company together—my suspicion was attracted by the bulky appearance of one—they had both smock-frocks on—I spoke to Smith, and bid him good morning, and after a little time I ordered them to stop and give up the property they had in their possession—they stopped—I searched them, and found eight dead fowls and two dead ducks—on Smith I found five dead fowls and one dead duck, stowed about his body, hanging to his braces, and his smock-frock was made like a bag—on Baltock I found three fowls and one dead duck—they were suspended from his braces, under his smock-frock—I asked where they got them, but they would not tell me—I took them to the station-house—the fowls and ducks had been recently killed, and were partly picked—the heads and necks were not picked.





WILLIAM HOWARD
 (police-constable N 185.) I was with Ryves—what he has stated is true—we took the fowls to the station-house—we found the prosecutor, and he swore to them—they were given to the work-house by order of the Police Commissioners, all except one cock.





GEORGE PODMORE
. I live at Chigwell, in Essex, about eight miles from where these men were. I saw the fowls and ducks at the police-station—I knew them—they were the property of me and my brother—I attended to them daily, and knew them—here is one dead cock, which is a Spanish cock—they ran about in a lock-up house—there is a hole at the bottom for the fowls to go in—I locked it on Sunday, the 11th of February—I saw

them all secure about three o'clock that day, and about seven o'clock the next morning my servant told me of the loss—I went down, and missed six hens, a pullet, a duck and drake—the drake was perfectly white, and very large—I have no doubt they were our property—the face of the padlock had been forced off with a chisel, or something.

SMITH*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

BALTOCK*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.




Transported for seven Years.
