



178. 





GEORGE FITLEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of November, 1 jacket, value 13l. 13s.; 1 pair of epaulettes and box, value 5l. 5s.; 1 cartridge-pouch, value 12l.; 1 belt, value 1l.; 4 pairs of boots, value 5l.; 1 flute, value 1l. 10s.; part of a cruet-stand, value 1l.; 2 decanters and case, value 2l.; 1 shooting-jacket, value 1l.; 12 pairs of trowsers, value 6l.; 5 waistcoats, value 2l. 10s.; and 2 caps, value 2l.; the goods of 



Opie Smith.






OPIE SMITH
. I reside at present at Canterbury. The property charged in the indictment is mine—I was at Ingatestone, in Essex—I left the property in a chest of drawers in Mrs. Windley's house, who was to send it to the Eagle and Lion in Whitechapel, to be left till called for—I left there on the 8th—part of it is found, and belongs to me.

Prisoner. Q. Is the whole of this yours? A. Yes, all, except this handkerchief and black waistcoat.





ELIZABETH WINDLEY
. I received this property from the prosecutor—it was packed up and sent by the carrier to be left at the Red Lion and Eagle in Whitechapel—it was in three boxes—I gave all the property to Mr. Stone.





WILLIAM STONE
. I am the carrier. I received the three boxes from

Elizabeth Windley, and delivered them at the Lion and Eagle, on the 11th of November—I gave them to the book-keeper, one of Mr. Charles Batley's men, who was there—I have seen the prisoner there, but not when I delivered them.





CHARLES BATLEY
. I am the proprietor of the Eagle and Lion. On the 11th of November I remember seeing the boxes brought, and saw them safe at half-past eleven o'clock at night on the 17th-—the prisoner was my servant at the time, and had been so six or seven weeks—I took him out of kindness—he had not a shoe to his foot—he was there at that time—I cannot say who took the box away—I locked the premises myself—he had left me a few days, but he worked for me a little that morning.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell me to clean myself, and go out without you to show horses? A. No.





DANIEL DURRANT
. I am a policeman. On the night of the 18th I saw the prisoner walking along Whitechapel with a bundle under his arm—I followed him to Petticoat-lane—I then stopped him, and asked what he had got—he said, shirts, which he was going to take to Rose-lane—he walked with me to Wentworth-street—then he threw it down and said, "There, you b----, take that," and ran off—I sprang my rattle, and the sergeant took him—I took the bundle, and found these things in it





GIBBS LEEDS
. I am a police-sergeant. I was with my brother officer in the middle of the night of the 18th—the prisoner threw the bundle down at the corner of Bell-lane—he ran off, and I pursued and took him—he had six waistcoats on, and five of them were belonging to the prosecutor.

Prisoner. I was coming out of Essex-street, and met a man who asked me to carry this, and I carried it—the policeman stopped me, and I threw down the bundle, and ran away—Mr. Batley says he locked his place at eleven o'clock, and I was at a public-house at half-past eleven that night.




GUILTY
.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
