






1150. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     TOOTELL
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April

, 1 spoon, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel Sabine 
                           Edkins
                        





                     
                  , her master
            .
MR. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  SABINE EDKINS
               



            . I am a silversmith
, and live in Salisbury-square



 - I keep a private warehouse
; the prisoner was upwards of five years in my service. On the 12th of April I had reason to suspect her, and on searching her box found sixty-four duplicates; I went to the pawnbroker, and have selected two cases - I found this spoon at Cotterell's, in Shoe-lane; it was in domestic use - I have not the slightest doubt of its being mine - it is marked E.; I do not know whether the duplicate of this was found in her box or on her person.



                  JAMES 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Cotterell, of Shoe-lane. On the 5th of April the prisoner pawned this silver tea-spoon for 1s. 6d. - I know her well, having had other transactions with her. Mr. Edkins produced the duplicate, and claimed the spoon.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOHN EAGLETON
               



            . I am the ward-beadle. The prisoner gave me the duplicate of this spoon out of a dresser drawer, when she was charged with robbing her master.
JAMES PERKINS. This is the duplicate I gave her - it is in the name of Eliza Williams, Bride-lane.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.
1151. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  TOOTELL
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April

, 1 spoon, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Sabine Edkins
                     



                  , her master
            .
SAMUEL SABINE EDKINS. The prisoner came to me with a good character; the duplicate of this gravy-spoon was found either in her box or on her person - I found it in pledge at Mr. Fleming's,; it has my initials on it.


                  GEORGE 
                  HEWSON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Fleming, pawnbroker, of Farringdon-street; the prisoner pawned this spoon with me, on the 12th of April, for 1l., in the name of Ann Williams, Bride-lane - I am certain of her; I have had several transactions with her.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOHN EAGLETON
               



            . The prisoner gave me the duplicate of this spoon from the dresser drawer.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
