





OLD COURT. Tuesday, October 22, 1833.
First London Jury, before Mr. Justice Park
1564. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBSON
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on 18th of September
, at St. Bartholomew the Great


, one mould, in and upon which was made and impressed the figure, and apparent resemblance of the obverse side of a half-crown, knowingly and without lawful cause feloniously had in his custody and possession
            , against the statute, &c.
2ND COUNT. Omitting the word obverse, and substituting the word reverse.
MESSRS. SCARLETT and PARKER conducted the prosecution.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALLER
               



            . I am one of the City-police. I was in the watch-house near Smithfield, on the morning of the 16th of September, a little before ten o'clock - a person named Smith was brought into the watch-house, and in consequence of what happened I accompanied Smith and Crawley the policeman to Smithfield market; and saw the prisoner in the market - I took him into custody, and took him to the station-house, and asked him where he resided; he said, in the Barley Mow-passage, Long-lane, Smithfield; he asked me why I took him into custody; I told him I took him on suspicion of bad money - I went and searched his house, No. 1, Barley Mow-passage, with him and Crawley; the prisoner had got the key and unlocked the door himself - I entered the house, and searched the parlour in his presence - I asked him if there were any lodgers in the house, or did he occupy the whole himself - he said, yes, there were no lodgers, he occupied the whole himself; I told him I should search to see if he had any bad money, or materials to make it; he said, very well, there was nothing in the house that he knew of - I searched the chest of drawers; I then pulled them on one side from the wall, and this mould dropt down, it was in this tin band which fell at the time - I proceeded to search in the drawers, and found this bag of plaster of Paris, and some metal; I found some more metal in this paper, and found some military buttons and some quicksilver in a quill in the drawers; I then searched in the coal cupboard in the room, and found an iron ladle, and two tobacco pipes - I found in the tabledrawer, two small files, the drawer was closed; I then found three metal table-spoons in the same drawer - we then went down into the cellar, and on the stair case behind a beam I found three bad half-crowns - and into the cellar I found these keys; I went up stairs to the second floor, and then to the attic; I searched the attic, and found this bit of wire in the stove, here is some metal on it; it was in the stove between the bars; there was no fire - I took the prisoner to Guildhall; I locked the house, and kept the key I gave it to Mr. Compton the landlord - I returned to the house, in two or three hours (before I parted with the key) I searched the privy, and found part of a mould of a crown-piece; Mr. Compton was present; it was down in the soil: I found this dark lantern, in the same place.



                  GEORGE 
                  CRAWLEY
               



             (policeman). I took Smith on Snowhill, on a charge of passing bad money; I went with the witness to take the prisoner - Smith has been convicted of passing counterfeit money; I was with Waller at the first search; I have nothing to add to his evidence - I confirm it; I saw everything found; I was not present when the privy was searched.


                  SARAH 
                  HILLIER
               



            . I live in Barley Mow-passage, next door to the house the prisoner occupied; I had seen him at nine o'clock on the morning he was apprehended, in the house - I have seen him go backwards and forwards - I have seen him go in at eleven o'clock at night.


                  JAMES 
                  COMPTON
               



            . The house in Barley-mow-passage, belongs to me, as an executor; the prisoner took the house on the 6th of January, last, at a rental of £25 a-year - I was present at the second search; Walker's evidence is correct.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint - I have a great deal of experience in examining counterfeit coin, and other things; this mould is of plaster of Paris; on one half, of it is impressed the obverse side of half-a-crown - the other half, has the impression of the reverse side; the mould has been used for casting coin - it is discoloured from the heated metal having been poured in - I find among the metal produced, what is called a get, which fits the mouth of the mould, and appears to have been cast in it.
COURT. Q. Suppose I was pouring metal into the mould, when filled, there would be a stream which would be afterwards cut off? A. Yes; the three half-crowns produced, are all counterfeit, they are cast in white metal, and correspond in all respects, with the mould - the spoons are of a similar metal to the counterfeit coin, and are frequently bought for that purpose; this iron ladle has white metal in it - the tobacco pipe is used to pour it into - here is a portion of grain tin; this plaster of Paris is what the mould is made with - the files are frequently used to remove the lumps on the surface of the coin, and to cut off the get; there is white metal in the teeth of the file - the tin band is used to form the mould.
Prisoner's Defence (written). My wife, who has had the misfortune to break her leg, has been for some time confined in the hospital, and during that period, a young man named Brown, with whom I was acquainted, lodged with me. He had free and unobserved egress and ingress, and during my absence at my daily work, had of course abundaut opportunities to take any articles either in or out of the house, had he been so inclined. I have discovered that he is well known to Smith, the witness against me, and I have a firm persuasion, that the articles found at my lodging. and now produced against me, were placed there for concealment by Brown. The very manner of their concealment justifies this suspicion; they were found behind some drawers which he well knew I never had occasion to move, and where they were in no way likely to meet my observation. At the time of my being taken into custody, I was proceeding to my work, having just visited my wife in the hospital. Nothing whatever was found upon me of an improper nature. and I willingly offered to accompany the officers to my lodging, feeling certain that nothing wrong could be found there. Permit me to ask. if it is probable I should so have acted, had I been aware of these articles being there concealed? That such would never have been the act of a guilty man, I do most respectfully yet confidently submit. Previous to this unhappy charge, my character was never called in question' while the witness Smith has long been known to the police, has been several times in custody, and yet, upon his sole information, I am placed in a most dangerous and threatening situation.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32 - 


               Transported for Life
            .
