





1014. 
               
                  
                     GABRIEL 
                     MOSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of March
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s., and 1 watch-key, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Clowsley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am an iron-founder. I was in Finsbury-square


 on the 21st of March; there was a great crowd, and among them I saw the prisoner - he put a watch into his pocket, and ran away with another person; I said to a witness, "Do not say any thing now, for fearwe should get hurt;" there were six more besides the prisoner; he ran down some streets, and when he had got out of the party I called Stop thief! I saw him take the watch from his pocket, and throw it down.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where do you live? A. In Field-place, Battle-bridge; I work in Old Gravel-lane - I may have been in Rosemary-lane, but not to my knowledge; I went to Finsbury-square the same as other people to see what was doing - I did not expect any thing to occur; I was going to see my sister at Hackney.
JOHN CLOWSLEY. I am a carpenter
. I was in Finsbury-square on the 21st of March - I was pressed against several persons, and the prisoner, who was one, put his hand up against me, and in an instant my watch was gone- I caught one who was as near me as the prisoner - I held him as long as I could, and called for assistance, but I got two or three violent blows, and was forced to let him go.
Cross-examined. Q. There was a great crowd? A. Yes, and they closed about me - the prisoner shuffled me about; I do not know who pushed him - I do not say he took my watch; I think I should know the features of the man I seized - it was not the prisoner.


                  CHARLES 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am a well-digger. I was in the square, and saw the prosecutor with a crowd about him; I saw the prisoner take the watch from his pocket.
Cross-examined. Q. What did the prisoner do? A. He put one of his arms up to his throat, and took the watch with his other hand - the prosecutor caught hold of another man; I have worked for the master of St. George's workhouse - I was at the Mansion-house; I did not then say I had been out of employ three months; I had been in employ, but did not work that day, because it was a holiday - I went to see the victuals given away, but there was none; I was was close to the prisoner - he trod on my foes; I did not seize him, for fear of my own head - he had not done any thing to me, but I saw him attempt several persons; I did not see an officer at the time near me, or I should have told him of it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STONE
               



            . I am an officer. I have the watch - the prisoner was given into my custody in Bishopsgate-street.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  PARKER
               



            . He threw it down on the curb-stone.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
