





2321. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     SPRING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, at St. James


, one 50l. Bank note,the property of 
                     
                        
                           John William 
                           Lubbock
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of Sir 
                     
                        John 
                        William Lubbock
                     



                  , Bart
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM LUBBOCK
               



            , ESQ
. The prisoner was my servant
 - it was his business to come into my bed-room every morning. On the 8th of September, in consequence of information, I went to a drawer in my bed-room, and missed a 50l. Bank note; the drawer had been kept locked, and the key was in another drawer, one key of which I carried about me, but there was a duplicate key - when I missed the note I went into the prisoner's room - I took up a livery coat and waistcoat which laid upon a chair, and this key fell from it, which I found would open the drawer, in which was the key of the drawer where the note had been kept; I certainly had never given the prisoner a 50l. note at any time - I had never paid him so large a sum; I do not know the number of the note I lost.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had he been in your service? A. About two years; I should not know the note again.


                  SARAH 
                  FERGUSON
               



            . I am an unfortunate girl, and live in Phoenix-alley. On the 7th of September I saw the prisoner - I had known him before; he came about four o'clock in the day, and was in livery - he staid about an hour; he gave me a note to get changed, which he said he had received of his master for wages - he did not say what the amount of it was; he only asked me to get change - I did not know what note it was; it might have been a 5l. note for what I knew.
Q. Is this your mark to this paper? A. No, Sir, not that I know of; I put a mark to a paper - I cannot read nor write; my examination was read over to me, and what was read was correct - I gave the note to my sister Elizabeth, who lodges with me; I pay the landlady for my lodging, but I do not know her name.
Q. Now, take care - did the prisoner tell you, when he said he had got the note from his master for wages, how many pounds he received for his wages, and how much for his clothes? A. No, Sir.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you been in custody ever since you were take up? A. Yes; I was searched - I was examined by the Justice - my sister was present when the prisoner gave the note to me, and she heard what passed; my deposition was read over to me.
Q. If that contains any statement about 50l., or any sum which the prisoner told you he had from his master for wages, is it correct? A. I do not know; he did not say any sum for wages.
COURT. Q. Did you not say (whether true or not) before the Magistrate, "When the prisoner gave me the note, he said, in answer to my question, how he got it, that his master gave it to him; 20l. for wages, and 30l. for clothes?" A. He told me his master gave it him for wages.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FERGUSON
               



            . I am eighteen years old; I live in Phoenix-alley - the landlady keeps a coal-shop in Hart-street, Covent-garden. I saw the prisoner give my sister (the last witness) a note on the 7th of September; he asked her where to get change - he told her he received it from his master, 20l. for wages and 30l. for clothes; I took the note - I cannot read or write; I went with a girl, who was in the room, to get it changed, as I did not know how to go about it; I gave it to her husband - she called him William; I do not know his other name - he took it, and did not return; I have never seen the young woman since.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you been in custody ever since? A. Yes; I believe what the prisoner said - I swear he said so.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SADLER THOMAS
               



            . I am superintendent of the Police. I went to Phoenix-alley, and found the prisoner with these two girls, and two or three other prostitutes; I did not make him any promise or threat, but I asked if he had sent a 50l. note to be changed - he said he had; I asked him who had got it - he said a young man named Briton; I then asked if it was his own - he said it was, and he received it of his master Mr. Lubbock, and that he had 20l. a year wages, and 30l. for clothes.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe you deposed to another conversation before the Magistrate? A. Yes, and at that time I had not made the prisoner any promise, but Sir 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Roe
               



             objected to it, as he thought it had been so obtained - when he got to the station, I said, "You persist in the same story;" he said Yes - I said, "Young man, under every circumstance, truth is valuable," and in consequence of that, Sir 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Roe
               



             thought fit to strike out the subsequent conversation; I was not then aware that what I said was any inducement to him, but that did not precede the conversation I have stated to-day.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM LUBBOCK
               



            . The house is my father's, Sir John William Lubbock.
Cross-examined. Q. Has your father any partners? A. Yes - I do not know how many; I am in business with him as a merchant - this note was my property; his house is in the parish of St. James.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
