




113. 




MARGARET PRINCE
 and 




CATHERINE DEMPSEY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of November, 1 gown, value 3s., the goods of 



James Francis Thompson.






JOSEPH CASHMORE
. I am in the employ of James Francis Thompson of Crown-street. At half-past six o'clock, on the 6th of November, I was behind my counter, and saw Prince come into the shop, and take this gown off the bar—I went round the counter after her—she walked to the door, and gave it to the other prisoner, who walked on—I accused her of taking the gown off the bar—she said she did no such thing, but she was looking at a pocket handkerchief—I left her with one of our young men, and followed Dempsey, who crossed and went to a shoe-shop—I asked where the gown was—she said she had no gown, and had not seen her friend—I went for a policeman, and while I was gone, the policeman of our beat came, and found the gown where I had seen Dempsey—I did not we Prince give it her, but I saw her turn round and speak to Dempsey, and then, when she turned round, Prince had not got the gown—the gown was found at the shoe-shop where I saw Dempsey go to—no one but Dempsey could have put it there—I did not see Prince pass any thing to Dempsey, because her back was to me—I know no one else took the gown, became no one else was at the door, and I went after her.

Prince. Q. What is the reason you did not take the gown from me, if you saw me give it to Dempsey? A. I came to you and asked you for it—you said you had no gown—there were persons in the shop, but I saw her take it off the bar, and walk to the door.

Dempsey. A quarter of an hour after he had a man taken up, and said he had been with me. Witness. There was a man brought in who had been seen in their company, but he was let go.





WILLIAM BRILL
 (police-constable S 72.) I was passing the street, and saw this gown under Mr. Burchen's window, which is the shoe-shop—I took it up and walked by Mr. Thompson's, and saw the two prisoners there, and they were given in charge.





JOSEPH CASHMORE

re-examined. Our shop is from twenty-five to thirty yards from Mr. Burchen's—I did not see Prince go to Burchen's—she was at our door, and then Dempsey crossed to the shoe-shop, and this was taken up there.

JURY. Q. Did you lose sight of Dempsey from the time of her quitting the door to going to Burchen's? A. No—I saw her go direct over—she walked slowly and looked in at the window—she said she had seen no gown nor girl, and when I brought her over to the other she said she had just met her.

PRINCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Months.

DEMPSEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.
