





2163. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, 1 truss of hay, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Richards
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  COLE BERRY
               



            . I keep a school at Finchley


. -On the 8th of September, about half-past two o'clock in the morning, I was at my own door, and heard the footsteps of a man approaching; I took particular notice, and observed that he turned into Mr. Richard's yard - I had just come off a journey, and taken off my shoes to puton another pair, and without saying any thing to my family, I went out, and saw the prisoner with a truss of hay, going from the prosecutor's yard; I followed him, and said he was very early employed that morning - he said he was employed by a gentleman to carry it; I said he should not go any further till he had satisfied me where he got it - he then said he picked it up, and had more right to it than any one, and he would not he stopped by me; I said he should not go any further, and insisted that he should take it back to where he got it from; he, after some time, took it back to Mr. Richards'; I called him up, and kept the prisoner in sight till he was taken.


                  JAMES 
                  GREGORY
               



            . This is Mr. Richards' hay - he is a farmer
; I know it is a truss which I bound on Friday forenoon - it was taken the next morning; I had left it with a load tied for market - the prisoner had worked there formerly, and knew the place.


                  JAMES 
                  FROST
               



            . I was called to take the prisoner - he has lived there for several years.
JOHN RICHARDS. I had hay of this quality, and have no doubt this is mine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
