





1367. 
               
                  
                     ALFRED 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 2s.; 1 brooch, value 3s.; 1 ring, value 3s.; 1 half-sovereign, 1 crown, 4 half-crowns, and 8 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Hayward
                  




               
            .


                  MARTHA 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I am single
, and live in East-street, Somers'-town


. I lost this property out of my back parlour - the prisoner was a painter
, and had been at work there from the Monday before; the landlord had sent him; on the morning of the 4th of June, he came between six and seven o'clock; I was partly dressed - I opened the door, and told him to wait till I got into my room; I then went down to wash myself - he called, and asked if he might go into my back parlour, to paint the inside of the cupboard door; I said Yes - my desk was in that room, and it was locked; I had this money and property in a tortoiseshell box in the desk, and the desk was under my bedstead - he had not been in the room above a quarter of an hour before he called out, "I am going to breakfast;" the stenciller then came, and I went to move the bedstead - I took up the desk, and found the lock had been picked and this property was gone; no one but the prisoner had been in the house - I gave an alarm, and he was taken on the 8th of June; he did not return to the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NUTTALL
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 8th of June, in Mortimer-market; he was asleep in a waggon - I found on him a pair of ear-rings, a duplicate, 8s. 6d. in silver, and 5d. in copper.


                  LEONARD 
                  GEORGE NEEDS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a watch, pawned by the prisoner, on the 7th of June.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
