



1285. 




CHARLES CLARKE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of April, 2 coach glasses and frames, value 2l.; and 4 cushions, value 20s.; the goods of 



Samuel Fisher; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






DAVID GIBSON
. I live in High-street, Hampstead, and am a broker. On the 12th of April, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, my son was getting up, and opening the shop—the prisoner asked if I would buy two plated glasses and four cushions—I was putting on my stockings, and I called out, "Yes, I will; where are they?"—my son brought the glasses, and I said, "Where are the cushions?"—the prisoner said, "I have not brought them"—I said, "Bring them; if I buy one I will buy all"—he said he wanted 15s. for them—I said, "Fetch the cushions"—he said, "You had better pay me 6s. for the glasses"—I said, "No; I shall keep them; fetch the cushions"—he went away—I made haste, and went to the policeman, and told him I had got some glasses, and the prisoner was gone to fetch the cushions—I saw the prisoner coming down High-street with the cushions—he saw me going to speak to the policeman, and went away—in ten minutes the policeman brought the cushions to me, and said, "Are these them?"—I said, "I suspect so"—the prisoner afterwards came to me for the 6s. for the glasses—I said he must go with me to the station—he made some objection, but at last he said that he had been sent by a person—I went with him to that person, who denied it altogether—I took him to the cock.





THOMAS TAYLOR
. I am a policeman. On the 22nd I was fetched to the Cock, and took the prisoner—in going along the prisoner said he had got a person to say were his—I asked who it was—he said, "Nash, Robert-mews"—I got the goods from the witness's shop.





SAMUEL FISHER, JUN
. I am the son of Samuel Fisher, a hackneyman, at Chapel-mews, Duke-street, Portland-place. On the 11th of April, between eight and eleven o'clock, I lost these glasses and cushions from two coaches in the yard, which is no thoroughfare—the prisoner has been about coach ranks, and such things, about Portland-road.


Prisoner. A man came up to me on the previous evening, and said he had got these to sell, and told me to ask any body to buy them—I met a man named Nash—he said he knew a man that would bay them, and he tent me to Gibson's.





WILLIAM FULLER
 (police-constable F 190.) I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(ready)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 23,—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
