



1720. 




WILLIAM WACOTT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of June 4 sovereigns, the monies of 



John Langdon.






JOHN LANGDON
. I live at Cardigan in Wales. On a Friday, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon I met the prisoner in Smithfield—I am sure he is the man—I spoke to him first—I had just come home from abroad, and I thought I knew him in Wales, previous to my going abroad—went up to him and asked him if he was a Welchman—he said, "What makes you think that?"—I said, "I think you are," and preposed to go and have some drink—I had five sovereigns in my purse when I went in—we had some gin—I cannot say how much—I was not drunk—I changed a sovereign, and we had three or four half-pints—I had pulled the other sovereign out—we took a walk, and went into a house in Holborn to have some more gin, and then we went into a house in Fleet-street and had some drink—I was getting rather tipsy and asked for a bed—the landlord said I could have one—I had the four sovereigns then—I had a double-bedded room there—I went into a bed by myself, and paid 1s. 6d. for it—the prisoner was in the room with me—he went to the other bed—I went to sleep, and left my money in my trowsers pocket on the pillow of my bed, and between twelve and one o'clock some person came in and awoke me, and asked me if my money was gone, and it was—the prisoner was there then.

Prisoner I did not see any money of his—we went to a shop and had dinner—I

paid for the dinner. Witness. Yes he did, and he changed a sovereign—that was in Holborn.





GEORGE ELLIS
. My brother keeps the Star and Horse Shoe—the prosecutor and prisoner came in there—they went to-bed between nine and ten o'clock—the prisoner came down about eleven o'clock—he was quite dressed, and went out—my brother called me to pursue him—I overtook him at the corner of Fetter-lane—he ran away, and was very reluctant to come back—I took him back—the prosecutor said he had been robbed—I sent for the policeman and gave them both in charge—there was 30s. in silver found, and 5l. 10s. in gold on the prisoner.

Prisoner Q. Did not you come into the room and say, "What the d—do you mean by getting into two beds?" A. Yes, I did; because you had a woman with you who was loitering about the passage—I made him go out of the bed he was in, and go into the bed with the prosecutor.





THOMAS ELLIS
. I keep the house. The prisoner and prosecutor came there—the prisoner dropped a sixpence and said he had no more—the prosecutor paid for what they had—after the prisoner had been in bed some time, he came down and ran out—he was pursued, brought back and searched.

Prisoner When I came down to the bottom of the stairs, a person said, "Where are you going, you have been stealing the blankets and sheets?"—I said, "What do you mean?"—he called his brother, and they took me back.





THOMAS ELLIS

re-examined. Q. Was there any other person in the room who could have taken the money? A. There was not.




GUILTY
.* Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
