






2179. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALLACE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     WALLACE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 29th of July
, of an evil-disposed person, 14 pairs of stays, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Thomas
                        




                     
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute.
WILLIAM THOMAS. I am a wholesale stay-manufacturer
, in Cheapside


. The prisoner John Wallace was in my employ about eighteen months, and left about four months ago; since which I have continually seen him loitering about the door; my stock is very extensive - I could not miss these articles; they are not quite finished, and not in a state for sale.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  ISAACS
               



            . I keep a slopseller's shop in Rosemary-lane - one shop is for women's apparel. On the 19th of July, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was present when the prisoner John Wallace came to my wife, in the women's shop, with eight pairs of stays, which he asked 26s. for; she offered 24s., which he agreed to take - I asked who was the maker; he said his mother, that his sister stitched them, and they gave them to him to hawk about the shops - I asked if he would go to his mother with me; he said Yes - we went; when he got up one pair of stairs he called Mother! the female prisoner came down, and walked thirty or forty yards with me; I asked if she was the maker of the stays - she said, "Yes, I make them, my daughter stitches them, and I give them to my son to hawk" - I then took him home to my shop; my wife gave him 24s., and he gave a receipt, in the name of Wallace - two or three days after I found his name was Murphy - on the 29th of July, about nine o'clock in the morning, he brought eight pairs of stays in a basket; I took him into the parlour, and said, "You have deceived me; your name is not Wallace, but Murphy" - he said, "No, it is Wallace;" I said, "Well, I am a headborough, and insist on knowing how you came by them;" he said, "For God's sake don't hurt me; a young man gave them to me to sell, and they came from a warehouse" - I asked where theyoung man was to be found, and where the warehouse was- he gave me no answer; I gave him in charge - I had five pairs of the eight he sold me left - the daughter was tried last Tuesday.


                  JOHN 
                  DALE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took charge of John Wallace; he said he got the stays from a lad who worked for a City warehouse, but would not say who he was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKINSON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the mother; she told me she made the stays, that they were her own, and she gave them to him for sale.
The property was here produced and sworn to by several of the prosecutor's work people.
MR. THOMAS. I can swear these are my property, they have never been sold; I have twenty or thirty work people in my warehouse.
J. WALLACE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
M. WALLACE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
