






1922. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 4 seals, value 1l., and 1 ribbon, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Baggs
                        



                     
                  ; 1 watch, value 1l., and 2 keys, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Emma 
                           Cooper
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Baggs
                     



.


                  MARY 
                  BAGGS
               



            . I live in Mount-street, Whiterhapel


, and am a widow
. I let lodgings, but never to seamen; the prisoner was very anxious to have a respectable lodging, and I took him in on the 28th of September - he was a stranger; he said he wanted board and lodging, and had just arrived from a long voyage on the South Seas, by the George, which laid in the City-canal; I agreed to take him - this was on Tuesday; he brought nothing with him - he said his linen was all dirty on board, and begged I would accommodate him with some clean shirts - he asked me to recommend him a person, who had a cart, to fetch his things from the ship; he slept at my house on the 28th, got up at seven o'clock in the morning, and breakfasted - he had borrowed 8s. 6d. the day before; he went out about nine o'clock, and said he was going down to the ship to order his things up - I did not see him again till the Saturday following, when he was in custody: I have not the least doubt of his person - my niece missed her watch from a case in the front parlour on the Tuesday, and on the Wednesday I missed mine from the kitchen - the seals and every thing were taken; I have seen them both since.
EMMA COOPER. I live with my aunt: I was present when the prisoner came, and represented himself as a mariner belonging to the George - he said his apparel was on board; I missed my watch that evening from the front parlour - I had seen it early in the morning; I missed my aunt's watch next day.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TILLEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in the Mile-end-road. I have a metal watch pawned by the prisoner on Saturday, the 2nd of October; I am certain of his person - I do not consider the watch worth 1l.


                  REBECCA 
                  GREENFIELD
               



            . I live in White Horse-terrace- my husband is master of a ship. The prisoner came to lodge at my house on Wednesday, the 2nd of September; he gave me precisely the same account he had given the prosecutrix, word for word - he said he wanted to get some clothes to go to the owner of the vessel for money; I lent him 28s. - he left my house, and never returned; he left a watch behind him, which the prosecutrix claimed.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . Mrs. Baggs came to me on the Tuesday, describing the prisoner's person, and on the Saturday I apprehended him; I asked where he had slept on the Tuesday night - he said at No. 2, Old-road, Stepney; I went there, and was referred to Mrs. Greenfield; I found the duplicate of one of the watches on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never went into a room, but there was company in it.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
