





1863. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, 1 coat, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Clamp
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM CLAMP. I am the brother of George Clamp, a pawnbroker
, of Aldersgate-street


, and assist in his business. This coat hung out at the door, on the books of the sun-blind - it could not be reached without the person jumping up; I saw it there a little before five o'clock - I was taking the goods down from the door, received information, and missed the coat; I ran, and saw the prisoner in a minute or two at the bottom of Middle-street, Clothfair - I crossed the road in Long-lane, and caught him with the coat - I charged him with stealing it; be caught hold of me, threw me down, and got away - I had not got ten yards before I was knocked down by one of his comrades, as I suppose; I was calling after him at the time - he was at last secured in Charter-house-square; I am certain he is the person.


                  JAMES 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a box-maker, and live in Fox-court, Gray's Inn-lane. I was crossing the end of Charter-house-street, and saw Clamp scuffling with the prisoner; I saw him take the coat from him - he threw him down, and ran away; Clamp called Stop thief! and about half-way up the street another person came from the other side, and threw him down again.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM HARRISON
               



            . I am a constable. The coat was delivered to me, with the prisoner, who was charged with stealing it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He swore it hung at the door; he told the Magistrate it hung at a high window.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
