





476. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, 1 half-crown, 15 shillings, and 4 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Garrett
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GARRETT
               



            . I live in Hampshire - I had been here from a fortnight before Christmas. On the 31st of December I fell in with the prisoner and another man, about four o'clock in the afternoon, in Whitechapel; his companion spoke to me first, and we went into a public-house; the prisoner came in soon afterwards - we had a pint of ale; the prisoner spoke to the other man, and said he had lent a woman 5l. in the morning to go and get a bonnet - I told him he would never see the bonnet nor the money any more; he said he had been to the Bank, and had 800l. - I did not believe that; he asked if I had any money, and wanted me to pull it out -I pulled 19s. 6d. out of a purse, laid it on the table, and one of them put it into a hat; the other man then called me to the door, and said he was going to get change for a draft - he told me to go back, and take care of the prisoner; I went back to the room, but the prisoner was gone, and the money; I had been out of the room but a very few minutes - I had only 1 1/2d. left; I saw the prisoner in a week afterwards - there was no other person in the room who could have taken it; there was another door on the left-hand side.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you told us all that happened? A. Yes; I did not tell the Magistrate that Dawson, the officer, told me what to say - I dare say I should not have come here if it had not been for him; I did not toss for any gin, but we drank 6d. of gin and water, which the prisoner paid for - the prisoner and the other man tossed, but I did not; there was some chalk made on the table, which they called their game, but I did not join in it - there was a piece of paper put into my hand, which they called a note, but I think it was not a note; I did not play any game with them - there was no other person in the tap-room; a boy brought in the gin and water; both the prisoner and his companion ran away - I did not call the landlord; the officer came in, and asked what I had been about - I told him; he had been watching them he told me; he went with my brother to look for them the next day - I do not remember the officer telling me what to say.


                  CHARLES 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol, and have been so for four years. I was in Whitechapel a little after four o'clock, on the 31st of December; I saw the prisoner and a man named Duffey - seeing them with the prosecutor I watched them; they went down Brick-lane, and went into the Frying Pan - I said about twenty minutes, and saw the prosecutor and Duffey come to one door; the prisoner came out at another, and ran down Thrawl-street - Duffey left the prosecutor, and went towards Spitalfields; I went and asked the prosecutor if he had lost any thing, and from what he said I took the prisoner on the following Thursday.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you the Mr. Dawson who was at the Session once? A. Yes - I stood in the dock there, and had to pay 5l., but it was for no bad action - it was for assaulting a watchman; I was not in prison - I went there when I heard I was wanted; I did see Lewis before the Magistrate - I did not tell the prosecutor what to say; it was my duty to ask him how he had lost his money: he said before the Magistrate that I had not told him what to say.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent.


                  LEWIS 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am steward of a ship. I was in the watch-house when the officer brought in the prisoner - the next morning the prisoner wanted some person to go and fetch his brother, but Dawson gave strict charge that no person was to see him: I interceded with a beadle, and he gave me permission to go for his brother, who came down with me; I was in the office next morning, and Dawson told the prosecutor to say he laid down the money through fear, and he tutored him what to say - I am sure he said so; I told the prisoner's brother; little did I think I should he called on here.
COURT. Q. How came you to be at the watch-house? A. There was a fire, and I helped to extinguish it - I was to be paid for going to the prisoner's brother.


                  JOHN 
                  VAUX
               



            . I was at the Magistrate's when the prisoner was examined; he wished the Magistrate to ask the prosecutor whether he was not tutored to say that he had put the money down through fear - he said he was, and he was not to say he had been tossing; this officer is the man that said it - I have employed the prisoner four years to drive the Brighton and Bristol vans.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
