



1998. 




ANN DAVIES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of July, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 2d.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; and 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; the goods of 



Daniel Evans.






DANIEL EVANS
. I am a servant, and live with Benjamin Hall. On the 30th of July I met the prisoner in Edgeware-road, about half-past eleven o'clock, or after—I was not quite sober—I entered into conversation with her—I cannot say whether she spoke to me first, or I to her—I took her to my room over the stable, in Old Church-street, Paddington—I gave her 2s. 6d.—we went to bed together, about twelve o'clock—I awoke about four o'clock the next morning, and she was gone—I looked on the table, and missed my watch—I went to the next room, and saw there was a shirt taken off the back of the chair, and this waistcoat—the watch was found—this is it—(looking at it).

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you in service? A. I was—I went by the name of Daniel Evans, but no other name—I swear that—I live at No. 22, Old Church-street, Paddington, with Mr. Benjamin Hall—I was not in that house by the name of David—I never answered to it—the prisoner asked me for gin—I told her she might have what she liked, and I would pay for it, and she had what she thought proper—I believe she called for half-a-pint, or sixpennyworth, or something of that sort, I do not know the measures—I do not know how much gin she drank, but what she called for, I paid for—we went to the Wheatsheaf, at the corner of old church-street—I gave her leave to call for what she liked—I cannot say whether I took any—I had taken a few pints of ale before-what I had

drank affected my head, of course, or else I should be able to answer about the drink-between myself and my friend we might drink four or five pints of ale-a very little would affect me-to the best of my knowledge I paid fivepence or sixpence for the prisoner—I do not believe that it was a shilling. I cannot swear it—lam sure she did not drink half-a-crown's worth of gia, because I had not so much in my pocket-when I went to the public-house I had about eightpence or ninepence—I was not sober when I went into the public-house—I was sober when I went to the first public-house—I there spent about eighteenpence—I had half-a-crown when I went there.

Q. Then you must have had a shilling when you left? A. Yes but I might have spent it elsewhere-if I see any thing in the street I may buy it—I cannot say whether I did buy any thing—the prisoner's sister has called on me—I sent a man to see for her, when I understood she wanted to see me—the man's name was Jones—I never went to her sister's residence—I found she was looking for me two or three times at a public-house, and I sent to see what she had got to say—I went to see her three or four hours afterwards—I never said I never went to see her.





ALFRED BLUNDELL
 (police-constable E 24.) On Saturday, the 4th of August, I met the prisoner in Devonshire-street, Marylebone—that was some five days after this occurred—I told her I wanted her—she said, "For what?"—I said, "For robbing that man you went home with on Monday night"—she said, "It could not be me"—I said, "You are the person I saw in company with him"—she said, "I was not out on Monday night"—I took her to the station-house, and just before I got there she asked if she could see the man privately—I asked, "What man?"—she said the man she was with on Monday night—I said, What do you want to see him for?"—she made no answer—she again said, "Can I speak to him?" I said, "What do you want to speak to him for?"—she said, "I know nothing about any thing but the watch"—I said, "Don't you know about the other things?"—she said, "No"—I said, "If you know about the watch, you must know about the other things"—she then said that she had got the shirt at home, and the waistcoat her husband had got—I went to her room with her, and she gave me the duplicate of the watch, which was sewn up in a window-curtain—I have the shirt and waistcoat.





CHARLES FOWLER
. I am journeyman to a pawnbroker. I have the watch—I cannot swear it was the prisoner who pawned it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
