




112. 



THOMAS CAREY
 and 



WILLIAM BROOM
 were indicted for

 feloniously receiving, on the 
11th of October, 2760 purses, value 90l.; 23 pairs of gloves, value 23s.; 201 pairs of cuffs, value 9l.; 48 pairs of braces, value 3l. 10s.; the goods of 



John Wheatly Liggins; and 3 yards of embroidered velvet, value 12s.; the goods of 



Thomas Bousfield, well knowing them to have been stolen against the Statute.






JOHN WHEATLY LIGGINS
. I have a warehouse at No. 75, Wood-street,

Cheapside. I left town on Saturday evening, at eleven o'clock, and returned on the Monday morning, as I had received information that my place had been robbed—on the Friday following, Roe and Vann, the officers, went with me to the prisoner Carey's place, No. 4, Turn again-lane—I went first to the room door, and tapped with my finger—the passage is rather dark—the door was slightly opened, and I could discover by a window behind me, that a female was peeping through—Roe went with me to the door—it was closed, and we burst it open—I found the two prisoners in the room and a female—and there was a bed on the floor—a large number of my purses and other things were found there—the appearance of the place indicated that the parties had been engaged in taking the papers off the purses, and throwing them into the fire—they had been done up in small bundles, and they had taken the papers off some of them and done them, up in large bundles—there was burnt paper in the fireplace—and in a tea-cup, in a shelf over the fire-place, were some pins similar to those which had pinned up the bundles of purses—these three yards of embroidery were there—they belong to one of my people—these braces were found there—I cannot swear to them; but I had some similar to them in boxes in my warehouse, and I lost a number of them corresponding with the number we found—but these purses I can distinctly swear to—Broom said, "What shall I do, Tom, I merely came here to set up a bedstead?"—and Carey said, "Had you have been here sooner, you would have found or seen the right parties."

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You accused a person of the name of Stocks of stealing these articles? A. I did not—I was out of town when he was accused—he was committed at Guildhall because he prevaricated—I went before the Grand Jury on a bill which was ignored—Stocks and Broom was committed as thieves, or on suspicion.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have stated something that Carey said—have you stated the whole? A. I think I have—I do not recollect his saying that if we had been a few minutes sooner we should have been able to take the men who brought them there in his absence, and gave them to his wife—I will not swear he did not say so.





THOMAS BOUSFIELD
. I am warehouseman to the prosecutor. I shut up his warehouse at a quarter past seven o'clock that night—the door has a spring lock to it—I did not try the door that night, as I generally do, and cannot positively say that it was fastened—the property was all safe then—I left Stocks there.





BENJAMIN HAYDEN
. I live at No. 9, Waterloo-terrace, King's-road, Chelsea. I was at a coffee-house in Wood-street that evening, and Stocks came in and Westall with him—Stocks went out once or twice, but not for more than a minute or so—Stocks then asked me to go over the way to the French Horn with them, which I did—I then asked Stocks if he would let me sleep with him—he said yes—I took a light over in my hand, and it went out—the other young man then got a light, and we found that the warehouse was broken open.
—STOCKS. I went away from the warehouse at a quarter past seven o'clock, with Bousfield—I shut the door and went away—I returned a quarter before one o'clock—the street door was fastened as I had left it, but the warehouse door, which I went out at, was open—it appeared to have been broken open, and this property was gone.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you the person who was accused of stealing the property? A. Yes; and Bousfield also.





WILLIAM HENMAN
. I am an officer of Cripplegate. I was called by Stocks, and examined the premises—I found the desk broken open, the cash-box broken open, and some property missing—I know nothing of these prisoners.





JOHN ROE
. I am an officer. I went to No. 4, Turnagain-lane, on the 17th of October, with a search-warrant, about one o'clock in the day—I observed a door open—I immediately went to it, and put my foot between the door and the post—there was a little resistance made, but we got into the place—when—we got in I saw the two prisoners and Carey's wife—these purses were on the table, and on a bed which was on the floor—Broom said, "Oh dear, what shall I do, Tom?—I merely came to put up your bedstead—what a mess I am in"—I think the prosecutor had before then said, "Here is my property"—the woman who was there stated before the magistrate that she was Carey's wife, and she was discharged—Carey said, if we had been an hour sooner, we should have had the right party—I had been watching the house for about four hours that day, and had observed three men go in and come out, and one of them I knew—he was Broom's father.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe you know it was on suspicion of stealing that Broom was taken? A. Yes; he does not live in that house—I know he assisted Carey in removing the night before from Coppice-row, for I watched them.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have stated a part of what Carey said—was his wife present? A. Not all the time—she was in the front room with me—I do not recollect that her husband remonstrated with her for having suffered these things to be brought in whilst he was away—she stated that the persons who brought them were a tall man and a short one, when I asked her who brought them.





GEORGE NICHOLLS
. I let the three lower rooms in that house to Carey on the 16th of October—they had been empty about a month—his wife and a young man were with him—I cannot say who it was—I think the furniture came about four o'clock in the afternoon—I do not live on the premises.

COURT
to
JOHN ROE. Q. Did you see any tools there? A. I did not; there might have been some.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. About what time in the morning was it you saw those persons go into the house? A. They came at different times, between ten and twelve.

Witnesses for Defence.





JOSEPH BAKEWELL
. I live in Union-street, Bishopsgate, and am a plumber's labourer. I work for my brother, who is a master plumber in Portpool-lane—I know the prisoner Carey and his brother—on the morning of the 17th of October I was at the corner of King's-road, Gray'sinn-lane—I saw Carey and his brother about eleven o'clock, or it might be earlier—Carey said he wanted my brother to put some squares of glass into this house in Turnagain-lane, where he said he had taken a chandler's shop—we drank together, and I parted with him about a quarter past twelve o'clock.

COURT. Q. You say it was about eleven when you saw him? A. Yes, or a quarter before—we had a pot of porter between the three of us—

I do not know the sign of the public-house we had it at—it is at the corner of the Kings'-road—there were some men sitting there and the servant who brought in the beer—we left about twelve—we had nothing to eat—we sat on a stool by the side of the fire—I do not recollect on which side, but it was not in front—we came out together, and I left Carey at the corner, telling him my brother should be sure to be there by one o'clock—I went away by myself and those two went away together—I do not know how far.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How far is Tnrnagain-lane from there? A. You might walk it in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—Carney and his brother were together when I met them, and Carey crossed over to me in King's-road.





RICHARD CAREY
. I am brother of the prisoner. I am a shoemaker, and live at No. 9, Macclesfield-place, Pickford's Wharf; City-road—I was with my brother, on the morning of the 17th of October, in King's-road, Gray's-inn-lane—I had been with my brother about twenty minutes when we met this witness—I do not know his name—my brother and I had been to Back Hill—I had no watch, but it was past eleven when I left home; and about twenty minutes after I saw my brother we met this witness—we went to a public-house at the corner of the King's-road—I do not know the sign—there is a coach-stand opposite—we had a pot of porter, and stayed there a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—when, we left, my brother and I went away separately—we all three parted together—the witness must have known that I went away, as I said I must go—my brother said something about some squares of glass, and he said he was going home—a person could walk from Turnagain-lane to that public-house in ten minutes—I cannot tell whether my brother had been at home that morning, before I net him on Back Hill—he said he was going on business.

COURT. Q. How long were you in the public-house? A. cannot say—I think a quarter of an hour was as much as it was, because I was anxious to get to Holborn—we had one pot of porter—we sat on a stool, or boards fixed to the boxes—we sat just round by the door; not in front of the fire.

COURT
to
JOHN ROE. Q. You have seen these goods; could a man have carried all those without your noticing them? A. I should say it was impossible even for three men to do it.

Carey's Defence. On the 16th of October, I took the shop, parlour, and kitchen there, for the express purpose of making a chandler's shop—it was not my intention to have gone in that afternoon, but I was obliged to leave my other lodging—I went home about ten at night, and went to bed—I had two bedsteads, and one of them was not put up—the shop was partly fitted up—I got up about nine in the morning, and called on Broom—I asked him if he could come and put up my bedstead, as he had helped me to move the day before from Coppice-row—he said "Yes"—I then went home and had my breakfast—I went out and met this plumber, and told him to tell his brother to come down at one o'clock—I then went home; and, as soon as I went in at the door, I exclaimed to my wife, "Good God, Elizabeth, what have you been doing?"—she said two men came in, and asked if they might sort some property which they had bought, as they lived a long way off—that she said, "No"—they said, "If your husband were at home he would consent"—she then agreed to it—I had some words with heir—I said, "You have got no dinner ready"—she

said, "How could I when these men have been here?"—Broom then came in, and I said to him, "Go, get some bread and cheese and beer;" which we were having when the officer came—there was no resistance, except the bedstead, which might have made some small obstruction to opening the door, as the prosecutor acknowledged—I said to them, "If you had been here an hour before, you would have had the right parties"—my wife stated that one was a tall man and one short—she said the same to the officer; and Broom told the same story before the magistrate.

COURT
to
MR. LIGGINS. Q. Did you state that the bed might have been some obstruction to opening the door? A. I think it might partly so.
(Ellis Henry West, a slater, Irongate wharf; Matthew Lewis, Portpool-lane, a shoemaker; John Minshull, Gray's-inn-lane, shoemaker; John Hicks, Gilbert-street, Grosvenor-square; Charles M'Carthy, of Essex-street, cab-proprietor; and William Brown, Portpool-lane, shoemaker, gave Carey a good character.)

CAREY—


GUILTY
—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

BROOM—


NOT GUILTY
.
