



716. 




ZACHARIAH PARNACOTT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of February, at 
St. Ann, Blackfriars, 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 night-shirt, value 2s.; 1 telescope, value 10s.; one fan, value 6d.; 1 printed book, value 2s.; 1 corkscrew, value 1s.; 2 boot-hooks, value 2s.; 1 brooch, value 1l.; 2 rings, value 2l.; 1 scent-box, value 10s.; 1 silver token, value 3s.; and 1 penknife, value 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Goodin Conyers; 2 combs, value 19s.; 3 boxes, value 5s.; 1 scent-box, value 8l.; 1 neck-chain, value 10s.: 1 scent-bottle, value 2s.; 2 yards of ribbon, value 4s.; 1 thimble, value 6d.; and 1 pencil-case, value 1s.; the goods of 



Susannah Conyers; and 1 neck-chain, value 10s.; 86 pieces of pebble, value 1l.; the goods of 



Sarah Conyers, in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Goodin Conyers.






THOMAS GOODIN CONYERS
. I am secretary to the Crown Life Insurance Society, and reside at No. 33, New Bridge-street, St. Ann, Black-friars. I came to town on Sunday, the 15th of February, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, and found somebody had entered the house—my dressing-case was broken open, in the front bed-room, on the third floor—several drawers were also open, and the contents of the dressing-case taken away, and the case itself thrown under the bed—there were marks of a knife or sharp-pointed file, which I picked up in the room—a closet in another bed-room on the same floor was broken open—the drawing-room was entered, and a cabinet of minerals opened, and several things taken away—the silk of the piano-forte cut off, and some wearing apparel taken away—I saw the print of a foot on the floor of the front attic, from the window to the door—I saw marks along the leads of the house—my opinion was, that the thieves had entered that way—I have made inquiry, and rather think one window had been left open at eight o'clock at night—the amount of the property taken was from 14l. to 15l.—the prisoner is a stranger—he had no right on my premises—I thought I knew his countenance when I first saw him.





MARY ANN LIVERMORE
. I live with my parents, at No. 29, New Bridge-street, they have the care of the house—it is unoccupied except by ourselves—it is three or four doors from Mr. Conyer's. On Saturday night, a little before eight o'clock, I was going out at the street door, and saw something dark in one corner of the ground-floor passage—I called my mother two or three times, and then I saw it move—I screamed out, ran into the street, and shut the street-door after me—I had the door open when I saw it—what I saw was down in the passage, by the stair-case, not near the door—I rang the bell—my mother came with a light to open the door, and saw two bundles on the mat, which did not belong to us—I then went for my father, who came home—he and the officer brought the prisoner from the cellar, as soon as my father came home—he was quite a stranger to us.

Prisoner. Q. Are you positive it was a person you saw? A. It must have been a person, for I saw it move and get up.





MARY LIVERMORE
. I am the witness's mother. She screamed out and rang the bell—I immediately ran down with a light—I saw two bundles in the passage, and opened the door—she said she had seen a man in the passage—I was convinced somebody must be in the house, as the

bundles did not belong to us, and had never been in the house—her screaming alarmed people passing—there were several persons on the steps of the door—I begged somebody to fetch an officer—somebody said he was an officer, and would fetch further assistance—they came and searched the house, and found the prisoner lying on his face, in one of the vaults of the cellar of the house.





GEORGE LIVERMORE
. I was sent for. In consequence of what my wife told me, I searched about—I found the prisoner lying on his face all along the vault—he was quite a stranger, and had no business in the home—I found in the vault some of the property—several articles of jewellery, rings, and scent-boxes.

Prisoner. Q. Was that found on the spot where I was? A. On the opposite corner of the vault, about a yard and a half from your person—the officer picked it up in my presence.





THOMAS BROWN
. I am a constable of Bridewell. I went to Mr. Livermore's house, hearing the alarm, about a quarter to eight o'clock—I found two bundles at the bottom of the stairs—I searched the house, and found the prisoner lying on his face, at the further end of the vault; and about a yard and a half from him a bundle was found, containing jewellery; but I was not present when that was found—I took the two bundles—I left him in custody of a person below—I went up stairs—I found the attic window of Livermore 's house open—I could trace foot-marks from that window right up to the prosecutor's window, and about six or eight houses on the left.

Prisoner. Q. Do you think I was intoxicated? A. You did not appear so at all—I found you lying on your face, as if concealed from view—you were awake when I lifted you up—there was not the least sign of intoxication.





THOMAS GOODIN CONYERS

re-examined. I have examined the bundles and jewellery—they are my property.

Prisoner's Defence. It is evident I was found in the house—how I came there I know not—I can remember I was led by three persons, but where, I do not know—I was led into a place, or I was taken out of a place as I have since heard, but I do not know—three young men, very respectably attired, met me, and seeing me intoxicated, they led me, but where, I cannot say—I think I can remember their leading me through a door, which was open, and I supposed it was their house; but, after that, I know nothing that occurred till I found myself awoke by the officer.
(John Orme, gas-fitter, Mansel-street, Goodman's-fields; John Mason, shoemaker, William-street; and George Hobbs, painter, Baldwin-gardens, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Life.

Before Lord Chief Baron Abinger.
