



1353. 




JOSHUA HUTCHINSON
 was indicted

 for a robbery upon 



David Rice, together with two persons unknown, on the 
4th of November, at 
Hillingdon, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 watch chain, value 1s.; one seal, value 1s.; 1 watch-key, value 6d.; 1 hat, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; and 6s.; his goods and monies: and immediately before and after the robbery, feloniously beating, striking, and using other personal violence.






DAVID RICE
. I live at West Drayton, in Middlesex, and am a cord-wainer, but do not follow the business. On the 4th of November I lived at Uxbridge—I was in the George inn-yard going home through the fields, between ten and eleven o'clock at night-as I proceeded along the footpath, three or four men came up, and knocked me down in the fields, not a quarter of a mile from Uxbridge—I received a blow on my nose, which caused it to bleed—I was knocked down, and my eyes blindfolded-a man held his

hand over my eyes and over my month—my arms were stretched out—I lost a silver hunting watch, my hat and handkerchief, and some silver—it was dark—I have since seen my watch in the hands of Birch, the constable—I know it by the maker's name, and an alteration in the case, which I had done myself—I became insensible by the usage I received—I was almost suffocated by the blood flowing from my nose, owing to my month being stopped, and from the blood—I cannot identify any of the parties—I was blindfolded in a moment.





WILLIAM TYLER
. I am a licensed victualler and farmer. On the morning of Sunday, the 5th of November, I saw the prisoner Hutchinson, with another young man, in my public-house at Watford—they came there about half-past eight o'clock in the morning—that is about eleven miles from Uxbridge—they went into the tap-room-a person named Thomas Green applied to me for 10s., which I lent him—I went into the tap-room about five minutes afterwards, and saw the prisoner, and another young man sitting in company with him, close to one another—the prisoner was sitting close to Green—I did not see any thing pass between them—the prisoner and his companion had some beef-steaks, and then went away a little before ten o'clock-in consequence of suspicion I entertained, I sent for two constables, bat they came too late to stop them, or I should have had them detained on suspicion of a murder at Hertford.

Cross-examined by. MR. PAYNE. Q. The men for the murder at Hertford have been hanged? A. They had not then, not both of them—I know nothing about any watch-to the best of my knowledge the other man had a fustian frock on—I had seen the prisoner before-a great many persons come to my place in the course of a day-from forty to fifty, and from that to one hundred, more or less—I know the prisoner was there that particular day, because I took particular notice of him on account-of Green borrowing 10s. on a watch—I asked Green to show it to me afterwards—the prisoner had a lapel coat on, and to the best of my knowledge it was a dark green, a pair of striped trowsers, and a black hat—he ate his beef-steaks with his hat on—I had an ample opportunity of seeing his features—I went close to him, and spoke to them several times—he had the steaks between nine and ten o'clock—I heard the prisoner say he had had nothing since one o'clock the day before—I am quite sure he was one of the persons—I never saw him again till I went to Uxbridge, three or four months afterwards—it was on the 5th of November I saw him at my house-when I lend a man money I always put it down in the book—I am certain I am not mistaken in the day.





THOMAS GREEN
. I live at Watford, in Hertfordshire. I recollect Sunday morning, the 5th of November—I can fix the date, because the 5th of November was Sunday, and next day I saw the bonfires—I went to the Bell public-house a little after-eight o'clock—there were two young men together—the prisoner called me over to him, and said, "Here, old fellow, will you buy a watch this morning?"—I said, "No, I have no money to buy with; how much do you want for it?"—he said, "I want 15s. for it"—I looked at it, and said I would not give more than 10s. if I had a pocket fall of money—I borrowed 10s. of Tyler, and paid it to the prisoner—this is the watch—(looking at it)—the prisoner took it out of his waistcoat-pocket, and put it on the table—I afterwards delivered it to Birch, the constable.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you always sure about the prisoner? A.


Yes—I was certain of him before the Magistrate—I was put into custody for one night—that was before I gave evidence, not afterwards—I have no doubt about his being the person—I have said that the other was taller than the prisoner, and that there was a person in a fustian frock—that was not the prisoner—I have never said that the person with the person in the fustian frock was another person, and not the prisoner—I had heard somebody call him White—I have never said that it was a man named White, and another man in a fustian coat, taller than the prisoner.





JOHN BIRCH
. I am constable of Uxbridge. On Sunday morning, the 5th of November, I was fetched to the prosecutor—he gave an account of the robbery—he was then in bed—I went to Thomas Green, at Watford, on Good Friday, the 13th of April—he told me where he got the watch from, and produced it—I have produced the same watch to-day.

MR. PAYNE to WILLIAM TYLER. Q. Have you got the book here what you made the memorandum? A. No; we always put it on the slate, and then I make my daughter put it into the book as well—I saw the date the day I went over to Uxbridge—I know the prisoner's features.

COURT. Q. How many were concerned in the Hertford murder? A. Four; two were taken, and two escaped; and, from the description, I suspected the prisoner, which makes me certain of him.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Would the memorandum be rubbed out of the slate if it was put into the book? A. Not till it was put in—I looked into the book in April, but Green paid me the money on the Sunday fortnight—I asked him if he knew the two men he bought the watch of—he said he knew the tallest, but not the other—he said he had not seen the shortest above once before, but the tallest he knew perfectly well—I asked him particularly whom he had the watch of—he said the shortest.

COURT. Q. Did he say that at the time? A. He did the next morning, when he came in.





THOMAS GREEN

re-examined. I am quite certain that the prisoner is the man who gave me the watch.





DAVID RICE

re-examined. This is my watch, and the same f lost—I know it by the maker's name, and by this piece of silver, which I put in myself.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Is this your work? A. Yes—I am not in that line of business—I hammered it out of an old sixpence, and it is fixed in the same as a glass.

MR. PAYNE to JOHN BIRCH. Q. Did Green say any thing to you when the Magistrate was not present, on the subject of the prisoner not being the person? A. No—he hesitated on the first day about knowing him, and the second day, but swore to him on the final examination.

Prisoner. When Green came there on the Tuesday, he was asked how I was dressed, and he said it was a man pock-marked, five or six inches taller than me. Witness. It was the other man he described as some inches taller, and as being marked with the small-pox.




GUILTY
 Aged 21.—

Transported for Life.

