





321. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HARLOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, 51 panes of glass, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ireson
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            ; against the Statute.


                  GEORGE 
                  SEAMAN
               



             (Police-constable H 150,) I was in Montague-street, Spitalfields, on the evening of the 16th of December - I saw my brother officer Reynolds there, and went with him to a house in Pelham-street


; I found the windows at the back of the house deficient of two sashes, and every square of glass was taken out of the frame down stairs - I went into the cellar, and found a number of squares of glass there, and a basket, with somesquares in that; I remained there from half-past ten o'clock at night till half-past six the next morning - I then heard footsteps come to the shop window, and stop for about a minute; a person then pushed open the side door, staid there for about a minute, and then jumped down into the cellar - I waited, and took the prisoner in the act of going out at the door again, with this basket in his hand; he said he came there for his plumb-rule, which he had left there on Saturday night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               



             (Police-constable H 138.) I was with Seaman, and assisted in detaining the prisoner; here is the glass which was in the basket - some of the squares fit the sash window, some the shop front, and some the door; I found on the prisoner two knives, the handles of which are plastered with putty, and they are bent in the blade.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               



            . I live in High-street, Wapping, and am employed by Mr. Ireson in the house in question. I had fastened it up the day before, and taken away the key; the prisoner had been employed there as a bricklayer's labourer, but had nothing to do with the cellar - I had fixed the glass in the sashes myself.


                  WILLIAM 
                  IRESON
               



            . I live in Whitechapel. The house belonged to me - it was nearly finished; I missed fifty-one squares of glass, which had been taken out, as it appeared, with a knife; I think they were worth 5l. or 6l. - they cost me 5l. 18s. to put in again; the house was let, and the tenant was to have gone in on the Wednesday following.
Prisoner. The cellar is not under the house. Witness. It goes down a step or two, and is partly under another house; the prisoner had no business there at all.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that having differed with the prosecutor on the subject of wages, and hearing of another job, he had gone to the premises to fetch his tools, and on the Policeman making his appearance, he stumbled against the basket, and was accused of stealing it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
