





1305. 




FRANCIS CAVANNAH,


 MATTHEW PEARSON
, and 



MARGARET PEARSON
, were indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Bryant Collins, on the 
23rd of April, at the Liberty of the Rolls, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 gown, value 8s.; 1 quilt, value 1s.; 1 frock, value 6d.; 1 cape, value 6d.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 1 pair of half boots, value 4s.; and 1 counterpane, value 6s.; his goods.






ABIGAIL COLLINS
. I am the wife of Bryant Collins, and live in White's-alley, Chancery-lane, in the Liberty of the Rolls. I do not know whether it is in the parish of St. Dunstan's—he keeps the house—on Sunday night, the 23rd of April, I left my own house between one and two o'clock, I locked the door, and went to No. 9—I was fetched between four and five o'clock in the morning by Pike, the policeman—it was day-break—I found the lock of my room forced, and missed the articles stated—I had left the street door open, but my own room door locked—I had come back between

two and three o'clock, but the street door was shut and I could not get in, so I went to No. 9.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Yours is a marine store shop, is it not? A. Yes—the lodgers were in the house when I went back, but they were asleep—there was an elderly man and his wife—they seemed all asleep—I do not know that there was a drunken man there.





THOMAS PIKE
 (police-constable F 126.) On the 23rd of April, about five or ten minutes before four o'clock in the morning, I saw Cavannah and Matthew Pearson standing in White's-alley, within a yard of No. 6—about ten minutes afterwards I saw Cavannah come out of the next door with a bundle under his arm—there is a passage leading to the back of No. 6, and he came out of that passage—he saw me and threw down the things, and made his escape—I had frequently seen him loitering about the same spot, and know him to be the man—I returned, and took up the articles he bad thrown down—I afterwards went to fetch Mrs. Collins from another house, and she went with me to No. 6—the street door was fastened and we could not get in—we got in in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, by pulling down the shutter—I went to the room on the first floor and found the lock broken right off—in the course of the morning I saw Margaret Pearson coming out of her lodging in a court close by—she had got a gown under her apron—I followed and took her into custody—I had seen her hand a gown to her mother in Little White's-alley—on the 25th I apprehended Matthew Pearson at Scott's coffee-house, but found nothing on him—on the 1st of May I apprehended Cavannah in Gray's Inn-lane—I have the bundle which I had seen him drop—I have seen the prisoners in company several times, and knew them to be acquainted—Pearson lives about one hundred and fifty yards from the prosecutor—I had teen nothing of Margaret Pearson that night—it was about half-past twelve o'clock when I saw her give the gown to her mother.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw Pearson there, and he lives near there? A. Not in the same court—the courts are all leading one into another—I do not know where Cavannah lives—I did not stop to see them go away—I believe the White Lion was open at the time—that is nearly opposite the prosecutor's house—they were talking almost close to her door—it was about five or ten minutes before four o'clock in the morning—I am not certain that the public-house was open—I have no reason to believe it was, but I saw it open a little while before—the two Pearsons live together as man and wife—Mrs. Pearson told me the gown was left with her by Cavannah—she did not tell me where it was going—I saw her hand it to her mother, who was standing at a door in Little White's-alley, and I directly took her—it was not her mother's house, because she was going to run off home—she told the constable who took her that she did not live there, and begged him to let her go home to her own house—when I went to the prosecutrix's house, I found her husband lying drunk on the first floor—she went up stairs with me—I found nothing on Matthew Pearson—his house was fastened up, and we did not search it.





ABIGAIL COLLINS

re-examined. My husband and I came back together—I went out between one and two o'clock in search of him, and when we came back the street door was fast, and we could not get in—I cannot say when he got in—he must have found it open afterwards and got in—he was very drunk—I had left him outside, and went to sit with Mrs. Bed wood he came there afterwards and sat some time, and then went back again

—these things are my property—they were safe in the bed room when I locked the door between one and two o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you received money to settle this? A. No—I was pressed very hard to do so—a man pressed me to take 2d. for a pint of beer, and that was all I got—I don't know who it was, but it was a man very much like him that sits next to you—I assure you I could not get rid of the man—that man is a good deal like him—whether it is him I don't know.

Cavannah's Defence. I was locked out of my lodging, which caused me to be at the public-house—when I came out 1 picked up the gown by a barber's door, in the same alley where the prosecutrix lives—I knocked at Pearson's door—the female answered—I asked her to let it remain then till the morning, saying it was my sister's, and that I had taken it out of pledge, I did not like to tell her I had found it.





THOMAS KEARNEY
. I act as beadle of the Liberty of the Rolls, and have been so twenty-five years—I am a constable—we give out our notices in St. Dunstan's church—we support our own poor—St. Dunstan's is in the City of London, and we are in Middlesex—we had fourteen or fifteen pews in the old church which I attended—the whole of the Liberty is counted in the parish—the parish is in the County and City too—we had two trials about poor-rates there—it is admitted that we are in the parish of St. Dunstan—my children are christened in St. Dunstan's church—I have had seven or eight christened there—I know White's-alley, it leads into Chancery-lane—it is in Middlesex, and within the Liberty of the Rolls.

CAVANNAH—



GUILTY. Aged 19—of stealing only.




Transported for Seven Years.

MATTHEW and MARGARET PEARSON—


NOT GUILTY
.
