



484. 




MARY HENNESSY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of November, 1 looking-glass, and stand, value 6s., and 1 table, value 11s., the goods of 



Joseph Skinner.







JOSEPH SKINNER
. I am an upholsterer, and live in Whitechapel-road On the 5th of November, I lost a looking-glass and stand, which was standing near the door—on the 10th of December, from information, I counted my tables and missed one—I applied for a search warrant, and went to search a house in a court in Essex-street—I did not know the prisoner then, but I found her there, and she said she lived there—I found this table and glass there, which are mine—we asked the prisoner if any other person lived in the house—she said no—she kept the house—we took her into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. HOW many tables had you of this description? A. Five, but not two alike—I do not know what day this table was taken—the last time I saw it, it was at the back end of the shop, towards the parlour—I will not swear it was not safe on the 9th of December—I know this glass by a private mark on it, an "N" at one corner, which I made myself—I cannot tell how many glasses of this description I had—I should conclude the other glasses were sold—this one was not told, far at the time of my purchasing them, I made a calculation on the back of this one, of what I gave for them—I know this glass was standing in my shop on the 5th of November, and there was not a glut sold that day—I will swear I saw this glass in the shop that day—it might be at breakfast time—I will not say what time I saw it, nor when I saw the table last—I know this table, because I have one of the feet of it at home, and by the worm holes in it—I think I have not sold any of these tables—I have not counted them since the 10th of December.





MART LEWIS. I
 am servant to Mr. Skinner. About five or six weeks. ago I remember a man and woman being at his shop—the man cane into the shop and asked some question, the woman who was the prisoner was at the next shop—I did not see them go away, but my mistress came out and said, "I will be bound there is something gone," and the looking-glass was gone—it had been there a few minutes before.

Cross-examined. Q. There could not have been a table taken at that time? A. Not that I know of—we did not see it taken—I had new seen the woman before—I did not see the person go away—about an born afterwards the man and woman went by, but they had nothing with them—my master did not say it was not worth while taking the man—he was not there—I saw the woman's face when she was at the bonnet shop window—the man asked the price of a fender—my master was not there—when they afterwards passed I did not hear my master say it was not worth while taking the man—this paper—(looking at her deposition)—was read over to me, and what was read was correct—I did not say, "He had no glass with him, and master said it was not worth while taking him then"—I told my master after they had gone by, and he said so an hour afterwards—I said that the woman went away with the man, because we saw him and her afterwards again—I did not go outside after we missed the glass, and see the woman standing at the bonnet shop—I did not see bet go away with the man.





MARTHA SKINNER
. I am the wife of Joseph Skinner. I was in the parlour getting tea on the 5th of November, Lewis came in and asked me the price of a fender—I went out to give an answer and the man had disappeared—about an hour afterwards the man and woman passed the

shop—I had no one in the shop—I sent my little girl and boy after them to look at their persons—I cannot say when this table was taken—it stood, I believe at the back of the shop, but this glass was on a table near the door.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw this man and woman go by? A. I did not know them, but I heard they went by.





THOMAS BENJAMIN BAKER SKINNER
. I am seven years old. I am the prosecutor's son—I was standing at the door and saw the prisoner and a man, they said "Let us go and ask the price of a brass fender"—the man came to the door, and the prisoner was standing at the bonnet shop window—when the man went away the prisoner went, and when my mother came out we missed the glass—the prisoner ran after the man over to Great Garden-street, and at the corner of that street the man put something under the prisoner's shawl—I am sure she is the woman.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you standing? A. Just inside on the sill—I did not see the man go away—I looked to see what they were doing, and they were both gone—the man had stood just outside—I beard him ask Lewis the price of a fender, and she went in—I was about a yard from the man but I did not see him go away—Whitechapel-road is ray wide—there are stalls at the corner of Great Garden-street, where fish and things are sold.





WILLIAM DYKE
. I am an officer. I searched the prisoner's lodging, and there found this glass and table.

MR. PAYNE
read from the deposition of Mary Lewis, as follows:—"The glass was inside the door—I went outside when we missed the glass and saw this woman standing at the bonnet shop next door—I saw her face—I am positive she is the woman, and the went away with the man who asked me the price of the fender."
(Mary Richardson, of Cricks-court, Essex-street; Ann Stevenson, wife of a law-writer, in Cricks-court; Benjamin Dutch, a shoemaker, in Cricks-court; and Mary Roberts, of Angel-court, Houndsditch, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years. (There was another indictment against her.),
