




56. 




JANE MORGAN
 and 




SUSAN COLLIER
 were indicted for


feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Francis Joshua Green, on the 
1st of November, at 
St. James, Westminster, and stealing therein, 4 gowns, value 3l. 10s.; 3 waistcoats, value 12s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; 1 coat, value 4l.; 12 napkins, value 7s.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 3 shifts, value 7s.; 2 shirts, value 2s.; 3 petticoats, value 4s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 2 night-caps, value 1s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 6d.; and 1 printed book, value 3s.; the goods of 



Stephen James.







PAMELA JAMES
. I am the wife of Stephen James, a saddler in Berwick-street, in the parish of St. James, Westminster; Collier lived in the next room to us. On Tuesday, the 1st of November, I left at two o'clock in the afternoon—I locked the door when I went out, and left it perfectly secure and safe—I took the key with me—when I went away, Collier was in her own apartment, and I met Morgan coming up stairs as I went down—I had seen her previously several times—she could be going to nobody but Collier—I returned at half-past eight o'clock in the evening, and went in as usual—I put the key in and turned the lock back; it was dark, and I did not observe the box then—my husband rang the bell soon after, and, on taking up the light to let him in, I discovered the box of the room-door lock was forced off, but the bolt had not been turned—we searched the room, and missed the articles stated—they are worth about 10l.—some of them had hung on nails in the room, and there were two boxes entirely entirely stripped.

Cross-examined by
MR. WHALESBY. Q. Does your husband work in the house, or merely live there? A. We merely live there—there are two rooms on the second floor where I live, one of which Collier occupied—there are two families on the first floor, and there is one over us—a person going up stairs would pass my room, but I turned round, and could almost see Morgan go into Collier's room—I could not see her go in—I think Collier has lived there about two months—I do not know whether she is married—I have occasionally spoken to her—I have been into her apartment once or twice for a light—I have seen a person, passing as her husband, going in and out—she appeared to be living as a married woman—there is one common staircase for all the families.





JOHN BRIDGES
. I am an appraiser, and live in Great St. Andrew-street, Seven-dials—Morgan has lived in the house about five months, with a person named Adams, who I let my apartment to—she was taking care of the room for Adams, who was in the hospital—I have seen Collier there—on the evening of the 1st of November, about half-past seven o'clock, she came there with Morgan, and staid for a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—I did not observe whether they had any thing with them—they then went out together, and I saw no more of them till next day, in custody—after the examination before the Magistrate, I went into Morgan's room, it being left unlocked, my wife turned down the bed, and out fell a bundle of clothes—I went and told the prosecutor.

Cross-examined. Q. About what size was the bundle? A. As much as a good shawl would hold—a person could not carry it without being noticed, unless they had something to cover it—I had not seen any thing brought in.





THOMAS STEWART ROGERS
. I am a policeman. On Tuesday night, the 1st of November, at about eleven o'clock, I went to Collier's apartment, and met Morgan coming down stairs from the second floor as I went up—Mrs. James said, "That is one of the women"—I stopped her, and turned her back into Collier's room, and took them both into custody—I went and looked at the prosecutor's door, and found the box of the lock

forced off, and one of the screws broken in the middle—in consequence of what Mrs. James said, I asked Collier's husband for the tool which had been spoken of—he produced a screw-driver from a drawer, very much bent—I tried it to the door of the room, but could not see no marks to correspond with it—there were several marks of blunt instrument—I went to the fireside, lifted up the poker, which was very much bent, and asked the prisoner Collier how it became bent—she said it had been bent before, but on it I found a portion of paint which corresponded with a portion of paint which was off the door-post—I compared the poker, and it corresponded exactly with the marks—it is my belief they were done with that instrument—I searched Collier's room, but found nothing—I went next day down to No. 5, Great St. Andrew-street, and there found the property—it was tied up in this shawl.





PAMELA JAMES

re-examined. I can swear to them all, with the exception of a black apron and the shawl they are tied up in, and that Collier owned to at Marlborough-street, as being hers—I lost a shawl which I have not found—I can swear the property is worth 10l.—I did not see Collier's husband in her apartment when I went there—he was there at one o'clock taking his dinner, but I did not see him afterwards.

MORGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

COLLIER—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.




Transported for Life.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

