






804. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FEATHER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BURLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Tonkinson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TONKINSON
               



            . I am a servant
. On the 16th of April, about five minutes past eleven o'clock in the morning, I was by the Horse Guards


 - the parade was not over, and there were a number of persons there - I felt a twitch at my pocket - I turned and saw the officer with my handkerchief in his hand, and the prisoners were near me - this is my handkerchief.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SERVANT
               



             (police-constable A 41). I was by the Horse Guards during the parade - I saw the prisoners with three others - I saw Burley lift the prosecutor's pocket, and take out the handkerchief, which he gave to Feather - I took them both - the other three went on.
Feather. Q. Can you say, upon your oath, that I touched the handkerchief? A. Yes, you took it - one of your hands was in your pocket, but not the other.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHURCHILL
               



            . On the 16th of April I was with Servant - I saw the prisoners standing together - we watched them about eight minutes - Servant then got a little before me, and as soon as the crowd began to move, I saw him take Burley and take this handkerchief fromFeather - I ran up and took Feather - I found nothing on Burley but a counterfeit shilling.
Feather's Defence. I stood in the crowd, and the officer took me - I know nothing of the other prisoner - the handkerchief was as likely to be thrown on me, or tucked under my arm, as that I should take it.
Burley's Defence. I was looking at the soldiers - the officer came and took me.
FEATHER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BURLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
