



349. 




MICHAEL HENNESSEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of December, 1 pair of trowsers, value 5s., and 1 pair of braces, value 1s., the goods of 



Charles Butler: 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.; 1 half-crown, 5 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 



Charles Frederick Rathan.






CHARLES BUTLER
. I am a carpenter, and live at the Adam and Eve public-house. The prisoner was billeted on my mother—he belonged to the 12th Regiment of Foot, and slept in our house—I lost a pair of trowsers and braces—these are them—(examining some)—they were in a drawer in my bed-room, which was not locked.





CHARLES FREDERICK RATHAN
. I am pot-boy at the Adam and Eve public-house. I lost 8s. and a silk handkerchief—one of the shillings I can swear to—it was found on the prisoner—it appears to have been buried—the half-crown and 6d. I lost are not found—this is the shilling—I know it was in my box in my bed-room where the prisoner slept—my box was not locked.

Prisoner. Q. What time did you examine your money? A. On the Saturday afternoon, between four and five o'clock—I missed it at one o'clock on Sunday, after the prisoner was gone—I left him in bed when I got up on Sunday morning.





JOHN EATON
 (police-constable S 193.) I went after the prisoner, and found him at the Star steam-packet office, near London Bridge—he was going to Chatham, where some of the regiment lies—I asked if he did not sleep at a public-house—he said, "Yes, the Adam aid Eve"—I told him what I wanted him for—he said, "Very well, I will go with you"—I searched his knapsack, and found the trowsers and braces, a purse, and 8s., and this shilling was among it.


Prisoner's Defence. Three of our men were detained, I had to go to Chatham to go to the Isle of France, and this was my subsistence money which was taken from me—I acknowledge to having the trowsers, but the money is mine—I have been two years in the regiment—I went to bed about seven o'clock, and at half-past eight I went away—the door of the room was not locked.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
