





359. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BURTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, 1 basket, value 6s., and 8 loaves of bread, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Thompson
               




            .
FRANCIS HISLOP. I am in the employ of Mr. John Thompson, a baker
. On the 16th of December I was carrying out his basket of bread - the prisoner went with me during the day, and I left him in charge of the bread while I went, by his direction, to No. 5, Cadogan-place, to serve a customer - there was no such customer there, and when I returned to where I had left him, (opposite the Bedford Arms,) I missed him and the basket, with eight loaves in it.
ELIZA MILLER. I was looking out of a window on the 16th of December - I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor come up Cadogan-mews, and stop opposite the Bedford Arms; he left the prisoner with the baskets - the prisoner went part of the way up the street, and then returned; he took some bread out of the large basket, put it into the smaller one, and ran down the mews - the large basket remained on the barrow; when the prosecutor returned I told him what was done with the bread - he went after the prisoner, but could not find him.


                  THOMAS 
                  PHILIP
               



             SOURR. I took the prisoner on the 6th of January - I could not find him before; I found him in George-street, Whitechapel.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to Chelsea to see some journeymen bakers - I met the prosecutor, and went round with him; we had a great deal of drink - I told him of a customer his master used to serve; I was going back and met a person I knew - I went with him, got intoxicated, and when I returned the basket was gone, and the prosecutor too.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
