




420. 




JOSEPH WATSON
 and 




THOMAS EDWARDS
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Cock-burn and 



James Wilkie, on the 
14th of December, at 
St. James's, Westminster, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 3l., the goods of the said 



James Cockburn; and 3 coats, value 5l., the goods of the said 



James Wilkie. 2nd COUNT, stating it to be the dwelling-house of 



Richard Rogers.






JAMES COCKBURN
. On Sunday, the 14th of December, I lived at No. 15, Great Windmill-street, near the Haymarket. James Wilkie and I jointly rent the front room on the second floor of Mr. Rogers's house.—we each paid the same amount of rent—on Sunday, the 14th of December, we went out together about eleven o'clock—I do not know whether I locked the door or not, nor whether it was locked—I do not recollect which of us came out of the door last, and I cannot say whether the door was shut or

not—we returned between nine and ten o'clock in the evening—I do not recollect doing any thing with the key of the room—I suppose we gave it to the landlady, but I do not recollect any thing about it—Wilkie went up stairs first, when we returned—he came down again before I went up—I went up afterwards in company with Wilkie and Mrs. Rogers—I observed that my great-coat was gone—the room door was open—I had left my great-coat hanging on the corner of the bed, I think—I do not recollect whether I had seen it that morning, or the day before—I do not know when I wore it last—I saw it, perhaps, that day, I cannot say—it was worth about 3l.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Does any body live in the house besides yourself and Mrs. Rogers? A. Mrs. Rogers does not reside in the house, she is the landlady, and lives directly opposite—a family occupies the other two rooms—there may be other lodgers that I know nothing of.

COURT. Q. Did you see Mrs. Rogers in the course of that day? A. Yes; in the morning, before I west out—she was in her own house—not in this house, but at No. 4, where she lives.





JAMES WILKIE
. I lodge in the same room with Cockburn. I left our lodging about eleven o'clock on Sunday morning, the 14th of December—I do not recollect whether the room door was shut or locked, nor whether I saw the key that morning—I do not recollect which of us went down stairs first—I saw Mrs. Rogers in her own house that morning—I went over there to breakfast—I left a great-coat and two other coats in our room, worth about 5l. together—I am sure I left them there that morning—I think I saw them—I had on one of the coats the day before—I left that in the room when I went out—we returned together between nine and ten o'clock—I went up first, and found the door a little open—I went in, and missed all our coats—I do not recollect whether I left my other coats in there, but they were always kept there—I went down and told Cockburn, and then we both went up—my great-coat usually hung behind the door—the other coats always hung at the back of the door, or on the bed.

Cross-examined. Q. You found the room door open; will you swear you shut it when you went out in the morning? A. I do not recollect—I went out about eleven o'clock, as far at I recollect—the street door was always open.





SUSANNAH ROGERS
. I am the wife of Richard Rogers, who rents two houses, Nos. 15 and 4, in Archer-street. The prosecutors lodge in the second floor front room, at No. 15—I recollect their coming over on the Sunday morning in question, about eleven o'clock, and leaving the key in the parlour where they usually do—I always found it there—they did not give it into my hand—I remember seeing it there—I took it off the window where it is generally left—in the afternoon, between two and three o'clock, I went over and made their bed—I found the room door locked then—I shut and fastened it again—I remember, when I was in the room, seeing the coats hanging on the bed-post—I did not count them—I do not know whether there was a great coat.

Cross-examined. Q. You went over between two and three o'clock? A. Yes; after that I carried the key in my pocket, till they came home I kept it in my pocket, and then gave it to them—I recollect it well—I do not speak from what was the usual custom.

COURT. Q. Did the prosecutors come over to you that evening for the key? A. They did.





GEORGE STONE
. I am a policeman. I went in company with Hobbs,

another policeman, in search of the prisoners, on Monday, the 15th of December, to No. 6, Little Queen-street, Seven Dials—we went up to the two-pair back room—Watson was in bed with a female, and on the bed, where he was lying, there was a great-coat, which answered the description of the one stolen from Archer-street—Hobbs took it off the bed—on a chair, by the side of the bed, I found a frock coat, and in a box, under the window, Hobbs found another coat—Hobbs took possession of two—I took possession of the one on the chair—we took Watson into custody, and went to a house in a court in Bow-street the same day, between ten and eleven o'clock—Hobbs was with me, and the two prosecutors—we found Edwards in bed in the back parlour—I told him what I had come about—he said he knew nothing about them—he got up; we went into the front parlour, and behind the door found a great-coat hanging—I took possession of it, and showed it to Cockburn, who claimed it—we then took him to the station-house—Edwards's mother keeps the house where I found him—I did not know whether he lived there myself—I have seen him there, and, I believe, he lived there—I have only seen him there once before.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it not a common brothel? A. Yes; I found Watson in bed with a woman, named Cave—I do not know that that room belonged to her—I did not hear that stated before the Magistrate—the girls were taken up on the charge—we took three girls up, as there were three in the room; two were remanded, the other was discharged, and the two were afterwards discharged.

COURT. Q. Do you know any thing of the house you found Watson in? A. No; there is a shop down stairs.





JAMES HOBBS
. I am a policeman. I went, in company with Stone, to the house in Seven Dials, and found the prisoner Watson, in bed with a female—I saw a coat lying on the bed, covered over him—I went to a box and found another coat, which laid under the window—after that I went to a cupboard in the room, and found a quantity of skeleton keys, four of which open the prosecutor's door—I found they would lock and unlock it—on the mantel-piece I found two small files—I took possession of the coats, and have two of them here.

Cross-examined. Q. You found the keys in the cupboard? A. Yes; the cupboard door was shut—the keys were out of sight—I do not know that the room is Cave's—she was in bed with the prisoner, and there were two girls up besides.





JAMES COCKBURN

re-examined. This is my great-coat—I was present when it was found hanging in the front parlour of the house—I know the other two coats belong to Wilkie—I know mine by my initials on it, and its general appearance.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not know when you last saw it? A. I recollect seeing it on the Friday before—I took it out of my trunk that day.





GEORGE STONE

re-examined. That coat was found behind the door of the front parlour in the house Edwards was taken.





JAMES WILKIE

re-examined. These three coats belong to me—one is marked "W"—I know another by the lining of it, and the third I have no particular mark on, but I know it from its general appearance.

Watson's Defence. On Sunday, the 14th of December, I was never out of my father's house; on Monday, the 15th, I left about half-past seven o'clock in the morning—I called on Cave, whom I had met one night at Oxford-street, and she gave me her direction—as to the coats, I know nothing about them.






SUSAN KENTON
. I live at No. 6, Queen-street, Seven Dials. I am servant of the landlady of the house—my mistress is unable to attend from illness—she is keeping her bed—I know a woman named Cave—I let a room to her—I never saw Watson there—she has run away now.





HANNAH IRVING
. I am servant to Watson's father, who lives at No. 41, Broad-street, Golden-square, and is a tailor. I saw the prisoner there all day on Sunday, the 14th of December—he was not absent more than two or three minutes all the morning, which was about one o'clock—he had nothing on but his slippers, and he went to the door for some beer—I saw him come back—he was not absent more than five minutes—he was at home all that day—he never went out of the place—he went out on Monday morning, and we did not see him afterwards—I did not go before the magistrate, because we did not know any thing about it.

COURT. Q. Have you not seen him since the Sunday? A. I saw him on Monday morning, about seven o'clock—he came down out of his bed about half-past six o'clock—I do not know what became of him, I did not see him afterwards—he went out at seven o'clock—I did not go out all day on Sunday, as I was not very well; I had a sick head-ache—his father was getting new clothes ready for him—the dress he wore was not fit to go out in on a Sunday—I heard him say that was his reason for staying at home.





MARY ANN KING
. I was servant of the house where Edwards was taken. The front room in which the coat was found is a room for accommodation—two or three ladies and gentlemen were in that room the evening before.





JAMES HOBBS

re-examined. I was present when Watson got up and dressed himself—he put on some tidy clothing—I will not be certain whether it was the same coat as he has on now; but he had very good clothing indeed; not such as he need be ashamed of having on on a Sunday.

JURY
to
HANNAH IRVING. Q. Was the prisoner in possession of the clothes he now has on on, the day in question? A. Yes; but he had not the waistcoat on—he had the same clothes on except the waistcoat—he had them all on when he left the house.

WATSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

EDWARDS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Taunton.
