





1450. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WHITING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 1 van, value 20l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Randall
               




            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
BENJAMIN RANDALL. I am a baker and corn-chandler
, and live in Chandos-street. On the 4th of June I lost a van, and on the 8th of June, in consequence of information, I went to John-street, Bethnal-green, where I found it taken to pieces - I knew every bit of it; I saw the prisoner there, and asked him whether the carriages, wheels, shafts, and van, which were laying about, belonged to him - he said Yes, the whole of them; I said,"I am very much mistaken if this don't belong to me;" he never opened his lips again - my name had been on the front and the off-side of the van, painted in yellow letters on a red ground; I had seen it safe at ten o'clock on the Saturday night, and on the Wednesday I saw it in John-street - I had received information on the Sunday; the van was worth 20l.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Where did you see the van on Saturday night? A. At my door, in Chandos-street - I took Christie with me to the Magistrate, but not to the watch-house.
COURT. Q. How did you find the van? A. It had been taken to pieces, and the body was on another carriage - I think it was better as I had it; it was in good order for work.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOOK
               



            . I live in John-street, Bethnal-green, and am a labourer. On Sunday, the 5th of June, the prisoner came, and hired a stand in my yard, at 2s. a week, and on the Tuesday he brought a van, drawn by a large brown horse - the body of the van was yellow, and he took off the lower part of it; the next day he painted the body slate colour - there was no name on it when he brought it to me; the day following some person came, and took the prisoner away with it.


                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner - he said the van was his; I asked how he came by it, and he said he had purchased it of a man in Worship-street, on or about twelve o'clock on the Saturday night; I asked if he knew the man - he said he did not, he was a stranger; I asked if he had any receipt for the money he had paid - he told me he had not; he said afterwards that the man's name he thought was Breath or Brett, and that he had given 10l. for it.


                  JOHN 
                  HODGE
               



            . I am carman to the prosecutor. On the 4th of June, about ten o'clock at night, I took his van,to the wharf under the Adelphi - I put it by the stabledoor, where it was always put, and I left it there about five minutes before eleven; I should think that place is a mile and a half from Worship-street - I went the next morning, about six, and missed it; I went to the stand in John-street, on the 8th, and saw it again - I knew it by some marks on it; the body was not then the same colour it had been - it had been fit for use, and did not require any change at all; my master asked the prisoner whose it was, and he said it was his.
COURT. Q. Had your master his name on the van? A. Yes, on the red head-board, and the letters were shaded with black - the board was there; the van had been taken off the wheels, and the wheels and springs put to another body.
Cross-examined. Q. There was nothing done to it that prevented your knowing it again? A. No - I had no watch when I was at the stable; I had four horses to attend to - I had been to Sydenham, and did not get home till then; I heard the clock strike eleven when I got up to the Strand.


                  THOMAS 
                  BENJAMIN CHRISTIE
               



            . I am a sack-maker, and live at No. 1, Adelphi-under-the-Terrace. On Saturday night, the 4th of June, I went to the pump for some water, about a quarter or twenty minutes before twelve o'clock; I saw the prisoner there, and a man in a smock-frock, leading a horse in the shafts of Mr. Randall's van - they appeared to be in company, and were talking together; the horse was a high brown horse - I had seen the prisoner before three or four times, but never at the Adelphi- he passed close by me that night, and I am certain he is the man; I informed the prosecutor next morning of what I had seen.
Cross-examined. Q.What are you? A. A coal sackmaker - I live with my father; I knew the prisoner before, but never spoke to him - I should not think I saw him above five minutes that night - this did not strike me as a suspicious circumstance; I should not know the other man, who was on the off side of the horse - I did not know at the time that it was Mr. Randall's van, but I heard the next morning that his van was lost; there was nobody with me - some of the people in the neighbourhood were up; it would be a dark place if there were no lamps, but there were lamps, and I stood right under one of them; I swear I had seen the prisoner before two or three times, but I cannot tell any one place, or when, I had seen him - I see a great many people about the street; I never said I could not swear to a person in such a dark place, and that it would be difficult enough to do it in daylight.
COURT. Q. Did you know where Mr. Randall kept his van? A. Yes, close to the stable door, not twenty yards from where I saw the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought it within a hundred yards of Worship-street office on that Saturday night.


                  THOMAS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a porter, and live at No. 5, King's Head-court, Shoreditch - I know the prisoner. On Saturday night, the 4th of June, I went to the Ship, at the corner of King's Head-court, at half-past nine o'clock, as near as I can tell; I saw the prisoner there, with Gibbs - I left at eleven, leaving Gibbs with him.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A.Six years; he lodged with me about eighteen months - a man might walk from there to the Adelphi in three quarters of an hour; he is a carman.
COURT. Q. How far is Shoreditch from the Adelphi? A. I should think two miles and a half, or nearly three.


                  JAMES 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am a carman, and live in the Canalroad, Hoxton. I have known the prisoner three years - he is a carman, and lives in Worship-street. On Saturday night, the 4th of June, I saw him at the Ship - Jackson came in while we were there, and left about eleven o'clock; the prisoner and I remained about a quarter of an hour, or more - I was dealing with him for a horse.
COURT. Q. What time did you go to the Ship? A. About nine o'clock; Jackson came in soon after.


                  JOHN 
                  DOWSETT
               



            . I live at No. 42, Curtain-road, and am a corn-chandler - I have known the prisoner some months. On Saturday night, the 4th of June, I remember his coming to my shop for a truss of hay, about twenty minutes past eleven o'clock - he ordered it to be sent to his yard, at the Green Dragon, Worship-street; I objected to fetching it down that night, as I did not like to go up with a candle - he stopped till about twenty minutes or a quarter to twelve, as he remained to hear a woman singing; I can positively swear he was in my shop about that time - I live full two miles from the Adelphi.
COURT. Q. What induced you to notice the time he stopped? A.Because I had just then given my man orders to shut up the shop; I am certain I am correct within five minutes.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. What enables you to know when he came in? A. I know he was there full half an hour; I have a clock in the adjoining room, but it was too fast; I knew the time.


                  JAMES 
                  MULLETT
               



            . I was examined on the part of this prosecutor, but was not before the Grand Jury; I am a carman, and live at No. 2, King's-road, Hoxton. I know the prisoner very well - I was with him on Saturday night, the 4th of June; I met him near twelve o'clock, about half way up Worship-street, and just before we got to the Baker and Basket, I saw two men with a horse and van - one was talking to the other about buying the van, but he went away just as we came up, and the prisoner asked the man what he wanted for it - I think he said 13l. or 14l.; the man who went away had a short smockfrock and trousers - the other had a smock-frock and white stockings; the man said he wanted to sell the van, and he had just parted with that man, as they could not deal - that he did not dare to take it home, fearing to have it seized for rent on the Monday morning; the prisoner ultimately agreed to purchase it for 10l.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. What did you hear the man say? A. He said he had a van to sell; I had never seen him before - they were both strangers; there was no name on the head of the van - I did not go to the off-side of it; I left them there dealing, within one hundred yards of the prisoner's yard - I told the prisoner, if I was him, I would not pay all the money till day-light; I saw no money paid - I left them walking towards his yard; there was a brown thick-looking horse in the van.
COURT. Q. How came you to fall in with the prisoner? A. I was going by - I thought he had come out of his own yard.



                  JAMES 
                  WISE
               



            . I am a carman, and live at No. 1, Han'splace, Hoxton. On Saturday night, the 4th of June, I came out of Brick-lane into Old-street, which is threequarters of a mile from Worship-street; it was after eleven o'clock, and might be half-past - I saw two men with a van; they asked if I would buy a van - I said, No, that I had only a sovereign; they asked 13l. for it - I walked round it, and said it was not worth half the money; they said their landlord would seize it for rent on Monday, and sell it for what it would fetch.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. They were strangers to you? A. Yes; I was talking to Goddard and three or four men when they came up - I have known the prisoner five or six years; he has a stable in Worship-street, and lives at the corner of Finsbury-market - I was at Worship-street, and told young Armstrong what I had seen; he sent me into the office - I would not give more than 7l. or 8l. for the van; it was a light colour, the axletree and carriage was dark; the body was a lightish colour - not yellow nor white; it might have been yellow once, but was worn - it was a lightish yellow; I have seen a van here, but it is new done over now - I did not see the prisoner that night.
COURT. Q. Is Brick-lane in the way from the Adelphi to Worship-street? A. I do not think it is the shortest way; it is out of the road - one of the men had a short frock, and long brown trousers; the other had white stockings, and high shoes - he was a stout man; there was a name on the cart, but I cannot read.


                  ROBERT 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am a carman, and live in Europaplace, John's-row, St. Luke's. I was with Wise on Saturday night, the 4th of June, and saw two men with a van; they offered it for sale to Wise - I cannot exactly tell the time; it was ten o'clock, or between ten and eleven - I cannot be certain whether it was ten, eleven, or twelve; they said they expected an execution, and were forced to sell it to pay the rent.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How do you know it was the 4th of June? A.Because I took home bills for my work; I am not certain it was not eleven o'clock - I did not see the prisoner that night; I have known him about five or six years - there was a short punchey horse in the van, short and thick - I am sure it was not a white horse; I cannot say whether it was black - they asked him if he knew who wanted a van; he said he did not - that he had only a sovereign, if that would buy it, he had no objection; the man said he would not take less than 12l. or 14l. - I cannot read properly; I did not notice the colour of the van - it might have been black for what I know; it was not very close to me - I did not see Wise examine it much, for I was talking to Mr. Bedell, a builder, who I work for; I give receipts for money.
Q. If you cannot read, how do you know the date by your bills? The man who keeps my book tells me the dates - his name is Taylor; I can tell figures - I delivered a bill to Mr. Bedell that day; I did not observe any figures on the van - I heard nothing of this till Thursday, (a month ago to-morrow,) when the gate-keeper at the gas-works said Whiting was taken up for buying a van; I said there was a van offered for sale on Saturday night - he said that was the time he bought it; I do not know that I have ever spoken to the prisoner - I was never in his house.
COURT. Q.How far do you live from Old-street? A.About three hundred yards - I cannot say at what time I got home; I stopped and drank with Bedell and Wise, and then Wise went home - we were not many minutes at the public-house; I had been to Burke, in Cooper's-court, for some money.


                  PHILIP 
                  ISAACS
               



            . I live at No, 18, Crown-street, Soho, and keep a horse and cart; I heard Christie say he did not think it was any body who worked about the premises, or he should have known him again.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you go to Christie? A. No; I went to my stable about six o'clock in the morning, and saw him - I never told his father he should have 4l., 5l., or 6l., if he kept his son out of the way, nor any thing of the kind - I move furniture with my cart.
COURT. Q.How far is your stable from where the van is kept? A. About the length of this Court - I do not know the prisoner.
Q. How came you to go to Christie's father? A. Because some word was uttered under the place that was false - the prisoner's wife sent to me; I went up with them, and they told me what the business was.
- CHRISTIE, SEN. I am Christie's step-father. I would not believe Isaacs on his oath; what he has stated is all false - I know his character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
