



467. 




JAMES BIRD
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



Robert Blackford, and occupied there with, on the 
19th of December, at Walthamstow, with intent to steal, and stealing there in, 1 towel, value 2s. 6d.; 5 brushes, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of the said 



Robert Blackford; and 1 coat, value 15s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.;1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 1 pair of garters, value 6d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 3d.; and 1 hat, value 3s.; the goods of 



William Faint.






CHARLES COLYER
 (police-constable K 33.)On the 20th of December, at half-past six o'clock in the morning, I stopped the prisoner with the property stated, in the Bow-road—he was carrying two bundles, one behind, one before, and the hat in his hand—I asked what he had got—he said his own property, a coat, and waistcoat, and other articles—I said, "Where did you get that hat from?"—he said he bought it at Hatfield Broad Oak, and gave 17s. for it last hay time—I said, "Is there a maker's name in it?"—he said, "No"—I took it under a lamp, and saw the name of a person at Aldgate—I told him to try it on, and he could not get it on—I then took him to the station-house—there was a pair of shoes which he said were his—I told him to put them on, and he could not get them on—I asked what sort of a coat it was, he said blue—he could not tell whether the buttons were iron or brass—I said, "When did you have it?"—he said, "Before last Christmas"—I asked him if there was any crest on the buttons, he said be believed there was—I found there was a swan, or a crane, on the buttons—I found the prosecutor, who lives at Hale End, about six miles from where I found the prisoner.





WILLIAM FAINT
. I am servant to Robert Blackford, who lives at Hale End, Walthamstow, at his farm. The bundles contained articles of my master's and mine—part of them are now in Court—there is a jacket and black silk handkerchief which have not been found—this coat and hat are mine, and the others are mine and my master's—on the night of the 19th my things were left in the stable, in the yard of my master's house—a paling surrounds the house and stable—they are all in one yard—the party had got in by breaking down some feather-edge boards at the back of the harness-room—I saw the property safe about quarter before seven o'clock, and missed it the next I morning at quarter past six o'clock.





ROBERT BLACKFORD
. I am master of this house and live there—it is in the parish of Walthamstow—I do not know the prisoner.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.
