




990. 




WILLIAM NEWELL
 and 




CHARLES BRITNELL
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
30th of March, 4 pain of shoes, value 2l.; 3 shawls, value 30s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 frock, value 10s.; the goods of 



William Ginger.






WILLIAM GINGER
. I live at Little Missenden, Bucks. The prisoner Newell was a labourer in my service—I know nothing of Britnell—On Sunday night, the 29th of March, my house was broken open, and this property was stolen among the rest—I received information and went to Uxbridge, and got there on Monday evening between nine and ten o'clock—I gave directions to Murray, the constable, and on Tuesday morning they let me know that they had taken the men and property—my place is about fifteen miles from Uxbridge—I went on Wednesday morning, and found the prisoners and property, which I knew to be mine; it had been in my house between eight and nine o'clock on Sunday night, and was missing before three o'clock on Monday morning—a pane of glass had been taken out of my window, they put their hand in, opened the window, and took the things.





JAMES DARRILL
. I am constable of Uxbridge. I received information on Monday—I went round the town, and found Bistnell, the prisoner, in Mr. Wheeler's beer-shop—he had one pair of shoes on his feet—he had sold the others to Wheeler—Britnell did not deny it—he said I must take the shoes off his feet.





CHARLES MURRAY
. My father is high constable of Uxbridge. He sent me in quest of the prisoners—I went into the Sun public-house, and found Newell there, and this pair of shoes on his feet—I asked where his companion was—he said he had no companion—I told him it was of no use to say that, for I knew he had—he then said he was at Wheeler's beer-shop—I went there, but Darrill had taken Britnell—Mr. Wheeler told me that Britnell had sold him a pair of shoes; his wife and a woman there, a shawl apiece: and a man who worked for him, a smock frock.





CHARLES WHEELER
. I keep a beer-shop at Uxbridge. On Monday morning, the 30th, the two prisoners came together about ten minutes before seven o'clock—they appeared to have been travelling, and said they wanted a pot of beer—they said they had been travelling all night to work in the brick field; they had seen the foreman and got an order, and they were going to work directly—they brought the property which is here produced.





GEORGE GINGER
. I am the prosecutor's son. My mother picked up

this knife near our premises—it was one that I bought for Newell, the prisoner.





WILLIAM GINGER
. I know these boots to be mine—I had this pair on my feet at eight o'clock on Sunday night—Newell had run away while I was gone to market—he had broken a sheep's leg, and said he might as well go—for he knew I should discharge him.

JURY. Q. Did you miss any thing else? A. A chine and some bread and other things were taken from the kitchen.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Newell's Defence. The knife, which he bought me about Christmas, I sold in coming along for a few half-pence, to buy me a bit of victuals; this knife I never saw till they brought it to me.

Britnell's Defence. We never were on the premises. I do not know where his farm is; we found the clothes on the turnpike-road in this handkerchief; we put one pair of shoes apiece on our feet, and exposed the other articles publicly.

NEWELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

BRITNELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
