





1167. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BISGROVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, 1 pair of trousers, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Pige
                  




               
            . (See Sixth Session, p. 570.)


                  JOHN 
                  SHILLINGFORD
               



            . I am a culter. Peter Pige is a pawnbroker
 - about eight o'clock in the evening of the 25th of May I was close by his door and saw the prisoner alone; he snatched something down, whipped it under his arm, and ran - I had my slippers on and did not pursue, but immediately told Mr. Pige.
PETER PIGE. I live in Church-street, Bethnal-green


. Mr. Shillingford gave me information; I ran after the prisoner some distance, till I was out of breath - I supposeI ran half a mile, and lost sight of him once merely at a corner - a young man met me, and I desired him to follow him - I lost sight of him again and when I got up I found the prisoner laying on the stones, and the young man on him - he said, "I have taken nothing from you, let me alone" - I collared him and said, I would have him; he got up and kicked me in the grain - I closed with him to prevent being injured; he got up and I held him, and the people said, "Let him alone, he has done no harm" - he then struck me in the breast, and the people would not let me strike him again - he afterwards bit me in the breast, and tore my coat and waistcoat; I then struck him, and he kicked me again in the groin - a constable came up and took him - it was said he had thrown something over the garden-wall, and I there found a pair of trousers with my private mark on them - these are them.
Prisoner. Those are not the trousers he produced against me before.
Witness. They are, they have my mark on them - I swear they are the same - I swear the trousers found were mine, and I have had them ever since.
Prisoner. The trousers he produced before had black buttons on them, they have been mixed with others since. Witness. They are the same, the buttons have not been altered on them.


                  GEORGE 
                  ALDEN
               



            . I saw the prisoner running and the prosecutor following him - I saw him throw something black over a wall - I continued to pursue the prisoner and came up with him, and secured him - he struck me once or twice before the prosecutor came up - I never lost sight of him at all.


                  THOMAS 
                  PAGE
               



            . I was at home at my house and observed something come over the wall - I heard the cry of Stop thief; the prosecutor came to the door, and said some of his property was thrown over the wall - I went into the garden and picked them up; they proved to be his trousers.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to Bishop Bonner's fields to bathe, and the young man came up and took me - I did not know what it was for - I have put my parents to such expence, they could not bring witnesses again to my character.



               GUILTY
             - Aged 15. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
