





432. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ewart
                        



                     
                   and others, on the 27th of December, and stealing 1 pipe, value 4s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Freeman
                        



.


                  JOHN 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I live in Crown-court, Philpot-lane


,and am a porter
; I was in care of the house for 
               
                  John 
                  Ewart
               



             and another - neither of them live there. I left there about one o'clock in the afternoon of the 27th of December, leaving my wife in the house - the front door was then open; this Dutch pipe was by the fire-place in the sitting-room - I had not seen it there since the day before, about four o'clock in the afternoon; I missed it on the 27th about three, when I returned; and found the prisoner at the Mansion-house, with it, next day - he was a stranger.


                  SARAH 
                  FEEEMAN
               



            . I was at home on the 27th; there are four rooms in the house - I was not in the sitting-room that day; I saw the pipe about eleven o'clock the night before, hanging on a nail by the fire-place - the room door was shut, but not locked; I went to the closet in the room, to get a man a glass of spirits, and as I pulled the closet door open, the prisoner fell down before me; I was alarmed, but took hold of him - Carter came to my assistance: an officer came, and took the pipe from him.


                  HENRY 
                  CARTER
               



            . I was employed at the house. I saw the prisoner in the sitting-room, and kept him till the officer came.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NEAL
               



            . I am an officer. I found this pipe in his pocket.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The street door, the room, and closet doors were open.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
