





279. 
               
                  MARY 
                  WHITING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of December
, 10 yards of calico, value 6s.; 2 table-cloths, value 2s.; 1 yard of ribbon, value 6d.; 1 snuff-box, value 6d., and 2 pinafores, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fowke
                  




               
            .
GEORGE BANKS. I am an assistant to Mr. Thomas Fowke, linen-draper
. of Ratcliff-highway - he did live in Tottenham-court-road. On Christmas-day some property was found in the prisoner's boxes; she had been in his employ for about six weeks - she was going away; she opened her box herself, and the articles stated were found, there were ten yards of calico, some children's pinafores, a pair of nut-crackers, and other things; she said some were put in by mistake, and some she had given her - there were two table-cloths and some soap found in a bundle which she had taken to a place where she was going to lodge - we sent for the bundle: it was opened in my presence - she did not give any account of the table-cloths; they were not new - here is a swan stock, which is new, and that she said she bought at Broomyard, where she came from, but it has our mark on it.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q.Were not some of these wrappers used in the shop? A. Yes. I had no particular quarrel with her - the apprentice had, but I had not; she threw the footman at my head, but I would not quarrel with her: her box had not been taken away and brought back again - there was a pair of gaiters in it; they had not been thrown away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I took up the prisoner - she denied all knowledge of the things.
Prisoner's Defence. This witness shook the dusting-brush over my breakfast table in the morning - he was cursing and swearing, and told me to go to the devil and shake myself.
GEORGE BANKS. No - I went for the dusting-brush, and she told me to get it myself; I held it up to her, but I did not shake it over the breakfast - Mr. Fowke is not here: he is confined with an asthma.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
