



1409. 





PRINGLE SPENCE
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of May, 2 coats, value 25s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 8s.; 2 waistcoats, value 5s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 6s; 2 pairs of boots, value 5s.; and 5 collars, value 1s., the goods of 



John Price, his master: 1 bag, value 10s., the goods of 



Thomas Price.






JOHN PRICE
. I am a bookbinder, and live in Craven-buildings, Drury-lane; the prisoner was my errand-boy. I sent him to my brother's with a carpet bag, containing clothes, on the 9th of May, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning—the clothes were my brother's, but he had given them to me, and he gave me the key of the bag they were locked in—the prisoner never returned—I heard he was apprehended at Hull.





THOMAS PRICE
. I am the prosecutor's brother, and live in Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square. I had given my brother these clothes and the key of the carpet bag, which was mine—this is part of the contents of the bag, and this is the bag.





MARY FULLER
. I am servant to Mrs. Pettinger, who lives in Mortimer-street. Thomas Price lodged there—on the morning of the 9th of May I gave the prisoner the carpet bag as it was left.





HENRY POOLE
. I am steward of a steamer to Waterford, which laid in St. Katharine's Wharf. On the 9th of May the prisoner came on board, dressed differently from what he is, and the next day he brought a carpet bag on board—he came on Tuesday, paid the fare, and went down with us

to Hull—I asked why he was dressed differently to what he was before—he said he had a carpet bag belonging to his father, with his father's clothes, which he had put on—and seeing the lock of the carpet bag broken, I suspected him, and had him secured—he confessed he had stolen them from Mr. Price—I took the bag from him previous to arriving at Hull, and gave him into custody on arriving there.





ABRAHAM FLETCHER
. I have produced the bag and property.




GUILTY. Aged 16; of stealing the bag only.—


Transported for Seven Years.
