





567. 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, 8 half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Zachariah 
                           Hill
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  ZACHARIAH 
                  HILL
               



            . I live in Ratcliff-row, St. Lukes, and make nails
. On the night of the 16th of January I was in the City-road


, about eleven o'clock - I had been to conduct two females part of the way home; I saw two or three women standing with a man - the prisoner, who was one of them, came up and asked me to give her something to drink; I said No, but she followed me across the road, and asked me to go home with her - I told her No, and at the same time I felt her hand in my left trousers pocket; I had no money there - I did not feel her hand any where else; I said, "What right have you to put your hand into my pocket?" she smiled, and left me that moment; I had had eight half-crowns in my right-hand waistcoat pocket, and half a minute before she came up I had ascertained that they were safe - she stood in front of me; I had not spoken to any one else, and as soon as she was gone I missed them - after she left me she went across the road very quickly, to the party she had left; I followed her across, and saw her go up to them, but when she saw me she left them, and met me on the footpath - I caught hold of her hand, and asked her to deliver up the money she had taken from me; she said she had no money - I told her she had taken eight half-crowns out of my pocket; the constable came up, and I gave her into custody - I am quite sure I had eight half-crowns about my person when she came up to me; I was perfectly sober.


                  THOMAS 
                  DOOLEY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. Between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw the prosecutor and prisoner standing together opposite each other, near the Cumberland's Head, public-house - I saw them separate; the prisoner crossed the road, and joined a party consisting of three women and a man; I waited, saw the prosecutor come by some rails, cross, and take the prisoner - he came about six or seven yards before he crossed; I had seen her join the party, and separate from them - I heard him ask her for his money, and she said, "What money?" I crossed the road, and asked what was the matter; the prosecutor said, "She has robbed me of eight half-crowns," and I took her to the station-house - there was only a pocket-piece found on her; she had not staid with the party more than two or three minutes, when she left them and crossed to meet the prosecutor - she had stood close to the party, and had opportunity of passing the money to those persons if she had been so minded; both she and the prosecutor were sober.


                  HENRY 
                  BERESFORD
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. I took the charge - they appeared sober.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor, and asked him to give me something to drink - he refused; I saw the officer coming, and I crossed to go home - the prosecutor then came, and asked me for money; I said I had had none that night.
JURY to ZACHARIAH HILL. Q. Had you any other money besides the half-crowns? A. Not any - I am quite sure they were safe within less than half a minute of her joining me; I do not know what had induced me to feel it, but I did feel it.
COURT. Q. Was you in the same street when you felt it? A. Yes, not ten yards before - I had put the eight half-crowns into my pocket about two o'clock that day, and had not spent any part of it; I am quite sure it was all in my pocket- my coat was not buttoned.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
