






1009. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     YORK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of March
, 2 pairs, value 3s., and 1 tub, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Batchelor
                        




                     
                  ; and that the said 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        York
                     



                   had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 3rd of March I was in Drury-lane, between one and two o'clock- I saw the two prisoners walking and talking together; I watched them down Queen-street, and into White Lion-street - I there saw Martin try a gentleman's pocket; I watched them on to Wilmot-street


 - they stood at the top of the street some time; Martin then went down, and stood at the prosecutor's door; York stood at the top of the street - I went round to the other end of the street, and saw Martin catch up two pails, run up the street, and give them to York, who was about twenty yards from the prosecutor's - York ran off with them down a mews: I took Martin, gave him to an officer, and ran after York - when I got near him he threw down the pails, and ran away; I pursued, and a gentleman stopped him.


                  ROBERT 
                  BATCHELOR
               



            . I am a fender-maker, and wireworker. These pails and this tub, which was in them, are my father's - his name is Henry; they stood outside the door.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I have a certificate of the conviction of Joseph York, which I got at Clerkenwell, from Mr. Selby - I know he is the person.
MARTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
YORK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
