



1144. 



EDWARD M'QUILLAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 2nd of March, at St. Mary, Lambeth, 2 bags, value 2d.; 23 sovereigns, 8 half-sovereigns, 2 crowns, 87 half-crowns, 83 shillings, 15 sixpences, and 1 £5 note; the goods and property of 



James M'Quillan, in his dwelling-house.






JAMBS M'QUILLAS
. I am a taker, and five in Rast-street, Lambethwalk. The prisoner is my brother—in the beginning of March I had between 38l. and 39l. in my drawer in the parlour, which was locked—there was a£5 note, the sovereigns and half-sovereigns, in one bag, and some silver in another—I was going to pay a bill that evening, and I counted what money I had in the bags, between ten and eleren o'clock that morn ing—I locked the drawer, to the best of my opinion, but I will not say positively—I am not able to say what quantity of gold or silver there was—I missed all the money between two and three o'clock—I found the bolt of the lock shot out then, but it was not in its proper place before—I saw the prisoner that morning, between toft and eleven o'olock—he was fitting in the room when I went out—to was not in the room when I was looking at my money, but he came in directly after—the drawer was then closed—I was just preparing to go out—I went out, leaving him in the room—I came home about one o'clock, or a little after, but took no notice of any thing then—he was still in the parlour—I went out again, and came back a little after two o'clock—the prisoner was not there then—I noticed the bolt of the lock pressing against the outside of the drawer, and missed the hags and money—I saw the bags next day, before the Magistrate at Highgate—the prisoner was then in custody.

Prisoner. Q. What tort of stuff were the bags made of? A. Canuss—there was no particular mark on them—I swear they are mine—they were tied with a piece at brown tape, at these are—I had them made in the house, by my wife, and I hate had them about eight months—they were made just in this way—I usually kept them in the drawer, and

saw them two or three times every day—I do not know the number of the note—I think it was on Wednesday I missed my money.





DANIEL MAT
. I am a constable of Highgate. I was sent for to the Woodman public-house, at Highgate, on Thursday the 2nd of March, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoner—the landlord told me he had been calling for liquor, and had been throwing a great quantity of money about in front of the bar—the prisoner was very much in liquor—I searched him, and found these two canvass bags on him—in one bag was twenty-three sovereigns and eight half-sovereigns, and in the other was 6l. in silver—I did not find a£5 note—I found 18d. in copper on him, and about 28s. 6d. in silver loose in his pocket, and a half-sovereign—in searching him I found a coach-ticket, which has on it, "Mr. M'Quillan, out to Liverpool, by Star coach, paid 2 and on the back, "From the Angel Inn, Islington"—I asked the landlord if he could lodge him—he said no, and I took him to the Wrestlers, and got him a bed for the night—I went to him next morning, between eight and nine o'clock, and asked him how he came into possession of so much money, and was chucking it about in that careless sort of way—he then told me the money was all right enough; I need not be afraid of him, it was money he had worked hard for—I said, "Well, I am not at all disposed to believe what you say; I shall not give up the money till I take you before a Magis trate"—he then told me he had lent his brother 42l. two years ago, that his brother had paid him, and he was then on the road to Ireland"—he said his brother was James M'Quillan, a baker, No. 122, East-street, Lambeth-walk—I took him before the Magistrate that morning, and went to the Angel booking-office, and then to the prosecutor, who came before the Magistrate—he gave his evidence, and the prisoner was committed.





JAMES M'QUILLAN

re-examined. I think it was the 1st of March I lost my money—it was the day before I was examined before the Magistrate—on Wednesday, I believe—the prisoner had never lent me 42l.

Prisoner's Defence. He says he lost his money on Wednesday, and I was taken on Friday—there is no mark on the bag.
(Colonel James Ormsby, Thomas Carroll, and the prosecutor deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.





Transported for Life.


Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

