





1496. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     POWLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August
, 75lbs. of lead, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert Malkew 
                           Casberd
                        




                     
                   and others
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAVEN
               



            . I am a messenger at the Police-office, Hatton-garden. On the 6th of August, between four and five o'clock, I was going through the Middle Temple, and saw the prisoner with a piece of lead on his shoulder; I followed him to Arundel-street - he there stopped himself and laid the lead on the ground; I went and asked where he was going with it - he said to Seven-dials, and a man had given him a shilling to take it there, but he did not know the man and could not described him: I gave him in charge - I carried the lead down to the water side; I saw no one with him - he pointed nobody out to me.


                  ROBERT 
                  CREBER
               



            . I am a constable. I was in Arundel-street: Raven called me - the prisoner said he had been to see a friend, and coming through the Temple he met a man who said he would give him a shilling to carry the lead to St. Giles'; I took the lead and the prisoner on board the Thames Police vessel, and then before the Magistrate.


                  JAMES 
                  ROCKLIFF
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Burton; he is a plumber at the works at the Middle Temple - I took this lead down and put it into the engine - house in Garden-court


, about three weeks before this; this piece has my marks on it, and I have no doubt it is a piece I put in there.


                  CHARLES 
                  GINGELL
               



            . I am chief porter in the Middle Temple. I saw the lead the same day, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, where it was put in the engine-house - I am sure this is part of it.



                  CHARLES 
                  JENINGS
               



            . I am solicitor to the Society of the Middle Temple - the property is vested in Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Malkew Casberd
               



             and two others.
Prisoner. I told the witness the person had gone to get a pint of beer at the corner public-house; I was coming through the Temple, and a person asked me if I wanted a job, and he employed me to carry this to Seven-dials - when we got to the corner he said he would give me a drop of beer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
