





163. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November
, 28 yards of printed cotton, value 8s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Rose
                  




               
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  IVE
               



            . I know Mr. Rose's shop - he is an upholsterer
, and lives in King-street, Holborn


. On the 28th of November between twelve and one o'clock, I saw the prisoner and two other lads pass my door, which is nearly opposite Mr. Rose's; I kept my eyes on them; the prisoner went into Mr. Rose's shop; he came out again, and spoke to his companions; they went down Holborn; the prisoner and another then came back, and made some observations on the window; they went again into Holborn, consulted there a minute or two, and came back; I then lost sight of the prisoner's companions and went down Holborn after them; I saw them go into a court, and the prisoner joined them; I took him and found this cotton on him, under his coat.
Prisoner. It was given me by a young lad, at the corner of Red Lion-street. Witness. I saw you without it, and then with it in less than ten minutes.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARFORD
               



             (police-constable E 110). The prisoner was given into my charge.


                  CHARLES 
                  ROSE
               



            . I am master of the shop. This is my property - it laid on the table for or five feet from the door, between eleven and twelve o'clock.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WHITE
               



            . I work for the prosecutor. The prisoner came into the shop and asked me for a light-porter's situation; I gave him an answer, and shut the door after him; and in a few minutes the door opened, but no one came in.
J. Pearce, a butcher, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
