



655. 




ALFRED PARNELL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
26th of October, 13 spoons, value 6/., the goods of 




Thomas Kettle.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS KETTLE
. I carry on the business of a draper at Coggeshall. In October I put an advertisement in the paper for a shopman—the prisoner replied to it by letter—I wrote to Mr. Holmes of Brentford, and received an answer—the prisoner then came into my service, and staid ten days—he then said his mother was ill—I paid him his wages, and he went away—I had some spoons in a drawer in my bed-room, which was not locked—when the prisoner was gone I missed these spoons—(looking at them.)

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Who slept in the room besides you and the prisoner? A. No one—my wife was not at home—I have servants—I had not a servant who left me shortly before—not within six months.





MARY NIXON
. I am the wife of John Henry Nixon, and live in York-street, Westminster. The prisoner was in the habit of coming to see my husband—I remember his coming the latter end of October—he brought some spoons, all marked with the letter K, except some dessert-spoons—ne stated that a relation was dead, and that was his share of the property—I gave a duplicate to the policeman.


Cross-examined. Q. Your husband was tried last Sessions? A. Yes, I believe he was—I did not see him—the prisoner gave evidence against him for a robbery, I believe—I have known the prisoner about two years—my husband is thirty years old—I do not know how old the prisoner is—he lodged at my house about a year and a half, and left about six months ago—I cannot say how many robberies my husband has been charged with—I do not know how many he has been charged with along with the prisoner—I do not know my husband's business—I do not know that he wrote letters for the prisoner, giving him a character—it was between the last sessions and the present that I told about these spoons.

COURT. Q. Last Sessions he gave evidence against your husband? A. Yes—I was living with my husband till the trial—till the time he was taken—I swear that he was the person who brought the spoons to me.





DANIEL CHORSTOPHON
. I am a police-inspector. I apprehended the prisoner on the 19th—I sent for Mrs. Nixon to come to me—she showed me a duplicate—I had taken the prisoner on another charge—I made inquiry first, and in consequence of that this duplicate was forthcoming—I made inquiries not about these spoons, but a variety of other charges of this nature.

Cross-examined. Q. You took the prisoner and Nixon? A. Yes—I knew he was a witness against Nixon—he had not given me any information in this case—he had given Mr. White some—I was not present when a promise was made, that if he told all, he should not be prosecuted—Nixon had not given a false character to get the situation in this case—Nixon is a much older man than the prisoner—he lived at No. 9, Broadway, Westminster, a week or ten days prior to his being taken—he had lived previously in Kennington-lane, Lambeth—since he was tried, I have traced out some places to which he had gone—the prisoner stated that Nixon was present at the other robbery, and came and fetched the goods—in consequence of what the prisoner said, about 10l. out of 40l. of Mr. White's property has been found—it was discovered that Nixon had pawned it—that part has been recovered.

MR. DOANE. Q. Has that any thing to do with this case? A. No—the letter in this case was written by the prisoner himself.





JAMES STANLEY
. I am shopman to Messrs. Tarrants, pawnbrokers, in Clerkenwell-green. I produce these spoons, which were pawned on the 26th of October, in the forenoon—their value is about 5l. 10s.—it was not the prisoner who pawned them.





THOMAS KETTLE

re-examined. The prisoner left me on the 22nd of October—this is my property—(looking at the spoons)—I believe the letter I received to be in the handwriting of the prisoner—I found no Mr. Holmes at Brentford.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. YOU received two letters, did you not? A. Yes, one in answer to the advertisement, and this other—(producing them)—they are not the same handwriting—I have had an opportunity of comparing it with what he wrote on my premises—the one with "A. Parnell" signed to it is not his handwriting—I did not notice his hand before he left my service.

MR. CHAMBERS
to
MRS. NIXON. Q. DO you know this handwriting? A. I would not swear to it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(See Third Session, page 383.)
