



939. 




CONNELL KINGSBY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
13th of March, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 



George Allder, from his person.






GEORGE ALLDER
. I live in Bethnal-green, and am a chair and couch maker. On Sunday morning, the 13th of March, about half-past ten o'clock, I was at the bottom of Church-street, on my way to Shoreditch—I perceived something at my something at my pocket—I turned round, and saw the prisoner with my handkerchief in his hand—he gave it to another man, who went down York-street—I turned back and followed the prisoner, and he bought a penny pie—I told two policeman, but he got away—I them saw two other policeman, and told them, and they took the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the prisoner taken? A. In a coffee-shop, sitting by the fire-place—there were other persons there—when I felt the tug, there were more than two persons near me, and my attention was more particularly directed to the one who had my handkerchief—I followed him a little way, but I saw he was gone to such a neighbourhood, that I turned back and saw the prisoner—this coffee-shop was not many yards from where I first saw him—I am quite positive, I am not mistaken in him—not ten minutes had elapsed from my first seeing him till I saw him again—he had not finished the pie.





JOSEPH WORMALD
 (police-sergeant H 18.) On the 13th of March I was on duty in Church-street, and the prosecutor gave me a description of the prisoner—he was known by his description—we went down Church-street, and went into the coffee-shop—the prosecutor opened the door before me, and pointed out the prisoner to me, and gave him into custody—he said he did not know what he was taken for—I understood who the prosecutor meant before I saw the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say nothing to induce the prosecutor to give him in charge? A. No—he said, "That is the man"—the prisoner's mother mentioned about 10s., but nothing was said at the station-house about it.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been to take a pair of shoes home—as to going to any pie-shop, I did not I was in the coffee-shop—the policeman came, and said, "Is that him?"—he stood a moment, and said, "I don't

wish to give him in charge"—he said, "He took a handkerchief from me"—the officer said, "You must come to the station-house"—he took me; and in going along, the prosecutor kept feeling in his pocket—he said he was feeling for his other handkerchief.





GEROGE ALLDER

re-examined. Q. Did you hesitate about giving him in charge? A. No, I gave him in charge directly—I generally take two handkerchiefs out with me, but I had but one that morning, which was a silk one—I took it out to use it, and the minute after I left tug at my pocket.
---- KINGSBY. I am the prisoner's mother. A young man came into the office to me, and said if I would give him 10s. he would not hurt him—that was not the prosecutor, but a young man that he sent—I said I had not got 10s.—he said, "Make haste home and get it, or you will be too late"—I went and asked a baker to lend me half-a-crown—I went back, and another young man called me back, and we went to a public-house, and he said, "Give me the 10s."—I said, "I don't know you"—that was not the prosecutor, but he came to them.





GEORGE ALDER

re-examined. I happened to meet two of my shop-mates, who had been discharged from my employer, and they asked what I was about—I told them—they began first to talk to her, them to the prisoner, and they came to me, trying to persuade me to take this money, tail the officer turned them out.

Witness. He said he could not take less that 10s.—I heard him say so.





GEORGE ALLDER
. That is not true.





JOSEPH WORMALD

re-examined. When the prisoner was put back, the mother stepped forward, and told Mr. Broughton that the prosecutor had proposed to take 10s., and she had the money in her hand—he called the prosecutor up, and he denied it—I turned two or three persons away from the prisoner, because they were about him all the time—I cautioned the prosecutor not to make any promises at all to her—I said, "If you do you will be going wrong."

Prisoner. He went and had a pint of ale with two young woman, and he said, if my mother could get 10s., he would not appear.





GEORGE ALLDER
. I went over; two girls came over, and then my two shop-mates came over—they asked me to drink—I refused, and then one of my shopmates said, "They have done no harm to you, you drink with them"—and then I just took the glass, and drank—I am quite sure I never said I could not take less than 10s.—I did not promise I would take 10s.—I made no agreement—one of the young men said, "shall I take it?"—they were trying to make me make it up, but I would not.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
