




503. 




GEORGE WALKER
 and 




DANIEL DRISCOLL
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of January, 1 coat, value 15s.; 2 forks, value 17s.; and 1 pair of trowsers, value 5s.; the goods of 



Joel Benjamin.






JOHN PHILLIPS
. I live in Middlesex-court, Smitlifield. On the after. Noon of the 26th of January I was in Sun-street, Bishopsgate, and saw the prisoners in front of a shop—Driscoll sent Walker into the shop—I afterwards saw them in Jewry-street, near a childbed linen shop—when they had been there two or three minutes, Walker opened the door contiously, stood about half a minute, then opened it and went in—he remained in there nearly ten minutes, and came out with his apron apparently full of something—he ran a short distance, and Driscoll followed him—(before they got there I had seen them go into several shops and come out again—they went in by turns, first one, and then the other) they joined again in Leadenhall-street, and then Walker took his apron off, tied it up, and gave it to Driscoll to carry—I followed them to the corner of Cornhill—I saw three policemen there, and informed them of it—when Driscoll saw the policemen he threw the bundle and an umbrella down, and ran away—the policemen took him, and I secured Walker.

Walker. He says he caught me, and the policemen ran after the other, but the policemen took me, and he ran after the other. Witness. When the policemen ran across, one of them laid hold of him, and gave him to me to hold, while he went after the other.

Driscoll. I had no bundle—I never went into the shop. Witness. He did, and I am certain he had the bundle—Walker gave it him—I had seen them go into two bakers' shops, one in Sun-street, and the other in the Minories—I had watched them some time.





EDMUND WASHINGTON
 (City police-constable No. 10.) Between five and six o'clock I was standing at the top of Leadenhall-street, Phillips came up to me, gave me information, and pointed out the prisoners—I saw Driscoll rather in advance of Walker, with a bundle in his hand—I crossed and took Walker, and told Phillips to hold him while I went after Driscoll, who threw down the bundle and umbrella, and ran across the road—I picked up the bundle, and he was secured by Pycfinch.

Driscoll. An omnibus was coming by, and I waited for it to pass—I dropped the umbrella, the wind being so high, but I never had the bundle in my hand. Witness. I saw him drop the bundle, and saw it in his possession before.





EDWARD PYEFINCH
 (City police-constable No. 67.) I was at the corner of Leadenhall-street when Phillips gave us information—I looked across and saw the two prisoners—Driscoll was rather before the other, with a bundle under his arm—I crossed the road, and saw Driscoll throw the bundle down, and run across towards Bishopsgate-street again—I did not stop to pick up the bundle, but followed him, and behind an errand cart he threw the umbrella down—I snatched that up and followed him, and as he turned a corner a man ran against him, and I secured him.





CHARLOTTE MATILDA HARDIMAN
. I know these articles—they belong to Mr. Joel Benjamin, my master, who keeps a shop in Jewry-street, Aldgate.

WALKER—


GUILTY
. * Aged 16

DRISCOLL—


GUILTY
. * Aged 11




Transport for Seven years.

