




1910. 




WILLIAM CARLAND
 and 




LUKE M'GRA
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
21st of July, 1 watch value 2l. 10s.; I watch-chain, value 6d.; I seal, value 1s.; I watch-key, value 3d.; I watch-guard, value 3d.; and 3 pieces of foreign silver coin, value 1s.; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Cassidy.






THOMAS CASSIDY
 ( a blind man.) On the morning of the 21st of July, the prisoner, M'Gra, came into my room, and asked me for 4d. for a pot of beer which he had called for, and had no money to pay for—I lent him the 4d.—in the course of half an hour he returned, and told me he had called for another pot of beer, and had no money to pay for it, and asked for another 4d.—I told him I would not do it, but if he had asked me for a shilling the first time, I would have lent it him—he took off his shirt in my room, and went out to make some agreement with the publican—I had the watch and other things in my room—the third time M'Gra returned with Carland—I had heard Carland's voice the day before, and knew him again—I asked my wife what it was o'clock, and she told me it was five minutes past twelve—I then went down, and was not there three minutes before I went up, and my wife met me, and told me the watch was missing, and the prisoners gone—I had given it to my wife to tell the time.






ELLEN CASSIDY
. I am the prosecutor's wife. The two prisoners were both in the room when my husband went down stairs-Carland sat down, and M'Gra stood leaning on the mantelpiece, and he asked me again to lend him the 4d.—I would not—I stooped to put the fire together and the watch was on the mantelpiece then-while I was poking the fire M'Gra said, "Make no more to do; I know where I can get a sovereign"—I drew the chair to sit down, and M'Gra went down stairs, and then Carland went down—I got up, and missed the watch—I went down, and saw Carland—I said, "Have you seen Luke?"—he said, "He is gone out that way," meaning out of the court—I desired my boy to mind Carland, while I ran to look for Luke—I could not see him, and my little boy let Carland go-M'Gra had been leaning his hand on the mantel-piece-Carland was not near enough to have taken it—the watch has not been found—the watch had a brown silk plait guard to it, and three silver pieces—one of them had a hole in it—it was between the size of a sixpence and a shilling.





THOMAS CASSIDY

re-examined. My family and the rest of the neighbours went in pursuit of Carland-Carland was in distress, no doubt, and had pawned his shoes the day previous, and sold the duplicate for 1s., and how could he have a watch if he had pawned his shoes?





JAMES CLARK
 (police-sergeant N 15.) On the day stated the two prisoners were in Hoxton-Carland had a brown silk guard, and gave charge of M'Gra—it exactly answered the description of the guard given by the prosecutor's wife—I examined M'Gra—he had a small piece of foreign coin in his possession, and Carland had the guard in his band, showing me—it was a brown silk guard, and the foreign coin seemed to me to be a Spanish foreign piece—it had a hole in it.

M'Gra. Q. Did Carland give me in charge? A. He did not in the first instance, but he did afterwards.

Carland. Q. Will you swear that the guard was in my possession? A. Yes.

CARLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

M'GRA—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.




Transported for Seven Years.
