






1455. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GRIGGS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, 12 pairs of stocking, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Plant
               




            .
ANGELIOUS BETRAUN. On the 14th of June, I was on duty in Oxford-street


, and saw the prisoners in company- I knew Griggs, and watched them; they walked to and for by the prosecutor's several times, and then went into a public-house - they then went to the prosecutor's again; I saw Griggs go and take something from the door, and give it to Jones - I took hold of Jones, but I saw Griggs and Kennerly a scuffing; I took Griggs, and sent Kennerly after Jones.
Griggs. Q.Can you swear you saw me? A. Yes, you were there for twenty minutes - you were five or six yards off when I took you.
JAMES KENNERLY. I met Betraum - he told me Jones had something in his apron; he was turning into Wardour-street - I went and asked him what he had in his apron; he refused to tell me - I was taking these stockings from him when Betraun came and took him.
WILLIAM PLANT. The shop is mine, and these stockings are mine; here is my ticket on them - here are twelve pairs of them; I missed them when my attention was drawn to them.
Jones. Q.Was it not possible for any one to knock them down? A. No, they were tied.
Griggs' Defence. I met this young man, whom I knew, we walked two hundred yards, and then had a pint of beer - we shook hands, and I had not left him three minutes.
Jone's Defence. I walked a few yards with him; it rained fast - I stood under a door-way two or three minutes; I then saw these lay, and took them up.
Jones received a good character.
GRIGGS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JONES - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor.




               Confined Three Months
            .
