



340. 




HENRY WHEELER
 was indicted

for feloniously, knowingly, and without lawful excuse, having in his possession. 38 pieces of paper, each having thereon, the impression of a false, forged, and counterfeit die, resembling a die which had been used by, and under the direction of the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes, denoting a certain stamp-duty charged and imposed by 9 Geo. IV.—19 other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.


MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL
with
MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES ELLIS
. I am an officer of the police. On Tuesday, the 15th of December, I went to No. 122, St. John-street, with a warrant—Stowell

accompanied me, (he belongs to the Stamp Office,) and Mace, a police-officer—there is a private door to the house, with a brass-plate on the door, on which was engraved, "H. Wheeler, Card-manufacturer"—there is a shop door, with "H. Wheeler, Card-manufacturer and Printer" on each side—I went in with my companions, at the shop door—I asked for Mr. Wheeler—I went down stairs into a cellar-kitchen, and there saw the prisoner—I asked him who he was—he said his name was Wheeler—I asked if he was master of the house—he said, "Yes"—I told him I had got a warrant to search his house for a forged ace of spades—I do not exactly recollect what he said, but he requested I would let him look at the warrant—I read it over to him, with the exception of the name of the informat—he made no particular observation at that time, and I went up stairs—he afterwards said some person had done it (laid the information) out of spite, or something to that effect—I left him and his wife, two sons and daughter, in charge of Mace, and went up stairs with Stowell—we just took a cursory view of the different rooms, and I returned back and found the prisoner in the cellar—I had left him in the kitchen—I told him I must go and search the house, having searched the shop in his presence—I told him I would go up to the top of the house to begin—he said, "You had better begin at the bottom," or something to that effect; but we went to the top—I went first into the attic, which was partly divided into two, but part of the partition was down—in the back part of the attic, I went through a trap-door into the roof part, and there found a quantity of playing-cards, some loose, and some in packages—unfortunately, after taking the prisoner away, all the cards I found got mixed—I handed the cards I found there down to Stowell—the prisoner was present—I then went into the front part of the attic, and found a hole in the ceiling, through which I got into the roof of that part, there being no other way to do so—I there found a quantity of cards—there might be ten or twelve packs—I also found this bag—it is in the same state as I found it—I gave the second parcel of cards to Stowell, and dropped the bag down to him also—I examined it (opens it)—I found in it these papers—I believe they are all the same—there are thirty-four sheets with ten impressions of the ace of spades on each sheet—being three hundred and forty impressions—I also found in the bag thirty-eight impressions loose—I tied them up together, and am sure these are the same—they are in a state to put on cards—some of them are pasted on cards—I then sent for a coach, and took the prisoner into custody—I searched the house afterwards, and found a great quantity of cards, and materials for making cards—there were a great many more packs of cards in the bag, consisting of fifty-one cards each—those wanted the ace of spades—they were loose in the bag—I also found this parcel, which contains ninety-nine aces of spades, some on cards, and some on papers—here are thirty-seven aces of spades without the stamp—they were in the bag—I also found some blank cards, some old spade aces, some stamped, and some not—these were in the bag—I found a great quantity of papers and cards in various parts of the house—in nearly every room—here are the materials for making them, which I found—here is a block for printing, with the knaves and kings and queens, and other materials for card printing—here are some cards in the process of manufacturer, not finished—altogether there are one hundred and eighty packs wanting the ace of spades.





JOHN STOWELL
. I am an officer of the Stamp Duties. I accompanied Ellis to search the prisoner's house on Tuesday, the 15th of December—I went up stairs with him and Ellis—I heard Ellis read the warrant to him

before we went up stairs—Ellis searched the loft, and handed down ten or twelve packs of cards to me, some in papers, and some loose—he then went to the front part of the attic, got up a broken place between the plaster, and handed me down more cards, and a bag—I opened it, and found some cards, which I have marked—the bag contained the things now produced—the other cards, which Ellis has produced, were found in the house.





RICHARD GODWIN MACE
. I have heard the two witnesses evidence—they have stated correctly what took place in my presence—I found a plate.





JOHN ELLIS

re-examined. I marked the date on which I went on the back of this card—it was on the 15th—Mr. Harris has seen the aces of spades found in the bag.





JOSEPH HARRIS
. I am deputy-supervisor of stamps in the stamp department at Somerset House. (Looking at the thirty-eight impressions of the ace of spades) these are forged—the circle round the garter is very different; the genuine one being engine-turned—it is the custom of card manufacturers to send paper to the Stamp Officer for the ace of spades to be stamped—the Commissioners provide a stamp for that purpose—they send plain paper to us in reams—the Commissioners sometimes provide a stamp with the manufacturer's name on it, at his request—there was such a plate provided for a manufacturer named Thomas Creswick—there is a book kept at the Stamp Office with impressions of the plates which are prepared—I have it here—it has impressions of the plates prepared for Creswick—the date is on the impression; "14th of June, 1828"—these aces of spades appear to be a forgery of that plate—the other aces found in the bag are all forgeries of other plates, of other manufacturers.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. In 1828, what was the duty payable on playing-cards? A. Up to 1828, it was 1s. 6d. on the ace of spades, 6d. on the wrapper, and 6d. on the label.

Q. The card you call a forgery, appears in no respect a resemblance of Creswick's plate? A. It is very bad—it would certainly not deceive any body in the Stamp Office, nor any body else who examined it, I should think—there is a great variation between the lion and unicorn, and the crown; and in the ring encircling the motto—I have reason to believe all the cards produced are forgeries—Creswick is still a card-manufacturer—this old ace of spades is a genuine one—some of these old ones I have not seen before—I am not able to judge whether these are genuine or not, not having seen them before—I believe them to be forged, but I am not positive—this one I am sure is a genuine one—it is a very old ace, which was used previous to my coming into the Office—here is one genuine, and one which I have no knowledge of—the rest are blanks—the one with Creswick on it is genuine—this other pack is also a stamp used before I came into the office, and I cannot speak positively about them—I never saw Thomas Wheeler—there was a person of that name, a licensed card-manufacturer—that was not the prisoner—I do not know whether he is alive or dead—in 1828, when the stamp-duty was altered, the impression of the aces of spades was also altered—I was in the Stamp Office at that time.

Q. At that time, do you know that the Stamp Office had a great deal of card-paper, with the duties on it, of the time before the alteration took place? A. No: I do not know that; nor that they sold it as wastepaper—the genuine paper would be in the custody of the warehousekeeper of cards and dies—he has no perquisites, that I am aware of, respecting cards and paper—I have no access to the warehouse, and I do not know whether things are sold or not—there is only one warehouse—Lewis

Legue is the keeper—I am not quite certain whether he was so before 1828—I do not think that Thomas Wheeler was a licensed manufacturer of cards after 1828, no plate being provided for him, but I cannot be positive.

MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. Was a new die for the aces provided in 1828, after the passing of the Act of Parliment? A. there was—if varied considerably from the old die—this plate for Creswick was according to the new die—those bearing the name of T. Wheeler I have compared with the specimen-book—I did not compare those two which the prisoner; counsel showed me.





CHARLES PRESSWICK
. I am secretary to the Board of Stamps at Somerset House. On the delivery of the new plate of the ace of spades, engraved for the Board, I take it to the stamping room, and take an impression of it in a book for that purpose—here is the book—in June, 1828, the ace of spades impression was changed—I saw the new impression made in the book, and this is the impression taken at the time—this is an impression from the genuine plate—I apprehend this plate has been used for Creswick since 1828—these thirty-eight impressions are forged.

Cross-examined. Q. What sort of forgeries should you call them? A. They are imitation of the plate, no doubt—they resemble it in some measure—they vary considerably on being compared—any card-maker would perceive the variation.

COURT. Q. Not every card-player? A. I should apprehend not

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Can you undertake to say whether these cards have ever been played with? A. Some of them certainly not, for they are not pasted, but on paper only—there was a wheeler a licensed card-manufacturer, and I think his initial was T., but I cannot say whether it was Thomas—I do not know whether the prisoner is a licensed card-maker—I do not think there is now any registered card-maker named Wheeler.

Q. There was an alteration in the duty in 1828; can you tell whether, at that time, there remained a stock in hand of card-paper of the duties then payable?. A. Not of the ace of spades, certainly—if any was unconsumed it would be cancelled—they have not been sold for waste-paper.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it the custom, in making cards, to paste this paper over the thick card, to finish it? A. Certainly.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Can you recollect whether a person named Russell did not buy some thousands of old aces of spades? A. I have no knowledge of that—I cannot imagine how such a thing could have occured—I have no knowledge or belief such a thing could be done—the stamps for the ace of spades only vary reference to the name of the card-maker.

COURT. Q. You have a stamp denoting the duty, and if a manufacturer takes a certain quantity of stamps, and wishes his name impressed on them, in addition to the ordinary stamp, you impress his name?. A. Plates are provided for every card-maker, with the name—it is the same impression, except the name.





EDMUND GREGORY
. I am landlord of the house, No. 122, St. John-street, Smithfield—it is in the country of Middlesex—it is not in London, middle of the year 1833—he has occupied it as my tenant ever since—I do not know who was in possession of it before, as it was empty at the time I came into possession of it—the lease was surrendered to me.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see Martin Morillia there? A. I

never heard the name—I do not know Thomas Wheeler—I have only seen the prisoner when I called there for rent.

Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty.





CHARLES BOURNE BRIND
. I am a grocer and oilman, and live at No. 28, Old change. I have lately dealt considerably in waste-paper—I had a quantity from Somerset House last July and August, and among it was a ream of foolscap paper, with the stamp of the ace of spades on it—I have not got any of it with me—I believe it was sold with other paper.

COURT. Q. Do you recollect what duty was marked on them? A. No: I did not take notice.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were they such as these (Part of the 38?) A. Yes.

COURT. Q. You cannot tell what was the duty—what do you mean by their being such as those? A. It was the ace of spades.

MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. Look at this, should you take that for a stamp of the ace of spades? A. Yes—I bought the paper myself at Somerset House—I think I bought about eight ton of paper—it was advertised as waste paper—I should think the ream of aces of spades would weight fifteen or sixteen lbs—there was newspapers, and waste paper of different descriptions in the eight ton—I cannot tell whether there was any name on the aces of spades—they were sold to a great many parties—I think one Elliot bought 4 cwt. of the paper in September, and he had them.
(Alfred Knight, a stationer, if Basing-lane; and Thomas Wilson, a stationer, of Cheapside, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Life.
