





1622. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of October
, 14 sovereigns; the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Kirkwood
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  KIRKWOOD
               



            . I am a mariner
, belonging to the Spring. Between the 7th and 8th of October, about twelve o'clock, I was walking along Blue-gate-fields


 - I heard a man coming behind me - I took no notice, but he came close to me, shoved my arm on one side, and took my purse out of my pocket, with fourteen sovereigns in it - I have lost the purse and twelve of the sovereigns - two of them were picked up - I pursued the man till the officer overtook him - it was the prisoner.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PERKINS
               



             (police-constable K 117). I was on duty, and heard the prosecutor giving an alarm - I followed the prisoner till I took him into custody - he said, "What do you want with me?" - I said, "You have done something wrong, or why did you run away?" - he said he had done nothing wrong, but he ran because the man was running after him - he then said he was running to the fire, but the fire was southward, and he was running northward - I found nothing on him, but some persons heard him jink some money on the pavement - they got lights, and found two sovereigns.


                  HARVEY 
                  PIPER
               



            . On the night in question, there was a ship on fire - I was going there, and saw the officer running after the prisoner - I heard the sovereigns drop - we got lights - I found one, and my friend found another.


                  ROBERT 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I was with this witness. I saw the prisoner throw the sovereigns from him.
Prisoner. Q. What were you discharged from the police for? A. I was not discharged, I resigned.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HURST
               



            . I was passing down towards Shadwell basin, to the fire - I saw the prisoner pursued by an officer - I heard money jink on the pavement - I still ran after him, and, on my return, I found one sovereign.
Prisoner. I was running, not knowing where the fire was, in a different direction - there is no proof that I had possession of the money or the purse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
