





980. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, 1 jacket, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Gray
                  




               
            .
CHARLES GRAY. I am a mariner
, and was paid off; I left Portsmouth on Tuesday night, and got to town on Wednesday, the 14th of April. I met the prisoner and went home to sleep with her; I gave her 2s. 6d. for the bed - I was not quite sober; but I knew what I was about - she said, "Lie down my dear, and let me pull your jacket off;" I pull it off and put it under my head - I went to sleep and when I awoke the house was open, and my jacket gone; I went out to look for her, and where should I find her but in New Gravel-lane, or somewhere there about; I do not know whether there was any money in my jacket pocket, but I had treated her very handsome, and the landlady said I had; I gave 9d. towards the child's frock; when I saw the prisoner I said, "You are the person" - I caught hold of her; and said, "Go for an officer:""Come along (said she) and we will have half a pint" - we went on to the Duke of York; but I would not go in; five or six girls came round and snatched her from me - I did not see her any more that night, but I told the officer.
A. E. REYNOLDS. I live in High-street, Shadwell. Onthe 14th of April the prisoner brought this jacket to pawn; I asked if it was her own - she said No, she was sent by 
               
                  John 
                  Gray
               



            ; - I took it of her.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  CHARLES 
                  GRAY
               



             re-examined. Q. How came she to know your name? A. It was on my trousers, we are forced to have it on board a man of war.
Prisoner's Defence. He came to the house where I was with another female; they went up stairs - he came down in half an hour, and said he had no more money; would I go and take his jacket - this is the truth, he said he would send to his landlady to come and redeem it; I asked his name, and he said Gray.


                  GEORGE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I met the prosecutor between ten and eleven o'clock on Wednesday night; he was not drunk - he said this woman had robbed him: I said at that time of night I could not find her - but he had better come to me next morning; he came - I went to several places, and could not find her: I took the landlady of the house, and said if I could not find the prisoner, I should detain her; she used every exertion, and we found the prisoner in the Match-walk - I went to Mr. Reynold's; and they said they had no such jacket - I went again and found it there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
