



382. 




THOMAS JACKSON, alias
 Johnson, alias
 Wells




, was indicted for feloniously being at large within her Majesty's dominions, without lawful excuse, before the expiration of the term for which he had been ordered to be transported.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.





GEORGE CHENEY
. I am a beadle of Cheap ward, City. I know the prisoner by the name of Thomas Jackson. On the 1st of March, 1837, he was in my custody, charged with a burglary in the house of Heath and Co., No. 31, Old Jury—he was remanded twice by the Lord Mayor, and at last committed to Newgate for trial—I was present at his trial in this Court, before Mr. Justice Littledale—he was convicted, and transported for life—I have a certificate of his conviction, which 1 obtained from Mr. Clark, whom I saw sign it—(read)—I have not a doubt of his being the man—I know him by his walk—when he was remanded I had to take him backwards and forwards three or four times, and he had a limp in hit walk, having had an accident, and I know hit features—I received him in custody from Meagle.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. And do you know him from the bow in his left leg? A. Yet—he had not any whiskers at that time—they were shaved off.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Could you tell by his face at the time that he had had whiskers, and that they were shaved off? A. Evidently, for his face I was much fairer in the part where the whiskers had been than the other part—I have no doubt of him.





WILLIAM MEAGLE
. I am in the service of Heath and Co., merchants, in Old Jewry. On the night of the 1st of March, 1837, I was disturbed by a noise in the house, and went down stairs—I saw the prisoner in the house, at the bottom of the passage—I seized him, and handed him over to Cheney—I was present at his trial, and he was convicted—I have no doubt of him whatever.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you agree that he had no whiskers? A. Not that night—I did not know him before I found him in the house—I only saw him then, and before the Lord Mayor, and on his trial.





THOMAS WOODRUFF
. I am now a sergeant of the City Police, No. 77. In March, 1887, I was a turnkey of Newgate—I know the prisoner—I remember his being in custody in that month, and April, at Newgate, on a charge of burglary—I was not in Court when he was tried—I saw him in Newgate afterwards as a convict—he was sent to the hulks in execution of his sentence.





HENRY CHARLES BARKER
 (police-constable H 11.) I know the prisoner—I remember his being tried in this Court in April, 1837—I was a witness, and was in Court at the time he was convicted.

Cross-examined. Q. You had nothing to do with his apprehension, had you? A. Not for the burglary—I had this time—I saw him on the former trial—I did not see him except on the trial.





PHILIP PARISH
 (City police-constable, No. 45.) I know the prisoner

—I was at the Mansion-house when lie was examined on a charge of burglary—I think it was on the 2nd of May, but I saw him before that at the Computer—I took a person down to look at him—I saw him when he was under examination on this charge in March, 1837—I was present at his trial in this Court—he is the man who was tried and convicted—I saw that he had a bow leg, but I know him by his features.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-sergeant H 8.) On Sunday morning, the 1st of December, in consequence of information, I went to a house in Spicer-street, Spitalfields—one part of the street in in the parish of Spitalfields, and the other in St. Dunstan's, Stepney, in the hamlet of Mile-end New-town—the house I went to, I believe, is in the hamlet of Mile-end New-town—I found the prisoner in that house—I did not know him before—I told him his name was Wells—he said it was not Wells, but George Johnson—he was sitting down—I told him we wanted him, and as he stood up I observed him rather limp on one side—I said, "You have had a broken leg"—he said, "I have not"—on the way to the station-house he asked me several times what I wanted him for—I told him I would satisfy him when he was there—when we got there he was told it was for returning from transportation—he made no reply.

Cross-examined. Q. What leg did it appear to you had been broken? A. I cannot recollect—it was momentarily as he stood up—I have made inquiry at the Home Office—I am not aware that they have received any account of the escape of any convict of this name.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—



Confined One Year, and then 


Transported for Life.
