




695. 




FREDERICK BLACKWELL
 and 




WILLIAM HOPGOOD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of January, 231bs. weight of lead, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Charles Farebrother, Esq.; and fixed to a certain building; against the Statute, &C.; and that Blackwell had been before convicted of felony.






PATRICK ROACH
. I am a policeman. On the 16th of January, about a quarter after two o'clock in the afternoon, I met the prisoners, together in lngleton-street, Brixton—Blackwell was carrying this lead in this cloth—I asked what he had got?—he made no reply, but threw down the lead and ran away—I took the lead, and seized Hopgood—my brother officer pursued and took Blackwell.





JAMES CURTIS
 (Police-constable P 156.) I was coming, down Brixton-road, and saw Blackwell making away—after half an hour's hard chase, I succeeded in apprehending him—on conveying him to the station, he said, "I know the other one will come it on me—I Will tell the truth—it was not me that took it at all"—I took the prisoners to Union Hall—on going, Hopgood asked what he should get done to—I said I did not know—he said, "It was not me that did it, I stood in the park, Blackwell got, on the summer-house, and threw down the lead to me"—I went and matched the lead to the place on the 17th, and found it corresponded exactly—the tiles had been taken off the summer-house of Mr. Alderman Farebrother, and this lead was taken from it—they had got off the fence on to the summer-Swuie—the lead tallied in all respects.





JAMES BETHANY
. I am in the service, of Mr. Alderman Charles Farebrother, he has a summer-house at Brixton, I saw it all safe on the

16th, and the lead was on it—I have seen this lead fitted to it, and it tallied in all respects.





THOMAS PRITCHARD
 (police-constable P 167.) I produce the certificate of the prisoner Blackwell's former conviction—(read) he is the person.

BLACK WELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

HOPGOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

