



1665. 




FRANCIS HANGLIN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Wilkins and another, about the hour of one in the night of the 
26th of April, at 
St. John, Clerkenwell, and stealing therein, 1 bag, value 3d.; 1 piece of paper, value 1d.; 421 pence, 1316 halfpence, and 226 farthings, their goods and monies.






JOHN WILKINS
. I am a confectioner, and live in St. John-street, Clerkenwell—I have a partner. On Friday, the 26th of April, I went to bed after one o'clock—I was the last person up—I found the window broken at six o'clock in the morning—it was not broken when I went to bed—I lost upwards of 14l. in copper money from my desk—some was in 5s. papers, and some in four parcels, making 1l.—I lost this bag also—(looking at one)—some of the money was found in it, but it was not in it the night before—the persons had got into the warehouse by removing a square of glass, unfastening the window, then moving another square of glass, and unbolting the counting-house door—the bag contains about 4l., not one-third of what I lost—it was in the house the night before.





EDWARD JONES
. I am a parish constable, and keep a coffee-shop in Peter's-lane. I was standing at my door on Monday morning, the 29th of April, about a quarter to eleven o'clock, and saw the prisoner coming in a direction from Smithfield, with this bag on his back—I went in-doors, and he followed me into the shop with the bag, placed it on the table, sat down, and called for a cup of coffee, which I brought him—he said, "Can you take care of this bag for about an hour?"—I asked what it contained—he said, "Old copper"—I was not aware it was money—he went away, leaving the bag—I saw no more of him till he was at the office the following day—I took the bag up stairs that night, and found it was money.





WILLIAM BYERS
. I am a confectioner, and live in Drury-lane. I deal with the prosecutor—I paid him 2l. in copper money in the middle of April, rolled up in this paper which is now round this copper, and on which I

have written the word "copper," and 2l. which I can swear is my hand-writing.





THOMAS PHILPOT
. I am a policeman. On Friday night, the 26th of April, I was near the prosecutor's house—his cart came home about one or half-past one o'clock—I saw him look out of window—the house was all safe then—the windows were all safe and right—about twelve o'clock the same night, previous to the cart coming home, I had seen the prisoner and two lads with him, nearly opposite the John's public-house, in St. John-street—I cannot speak to the other two, but I am certain of the prisoner.





CHARLES STARKEY
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on the afternoon of the 30th of April, in St. John-street—Mrs. Jones called me to take the prisoner into custody—I took him to the station-house, and sent Penny to fetch the copper money from Jones—Jones brought it to the station-house, and delivered it up there—this paper of coppers was in the bag.





JANE JONES
. I keep the coffee-shop in Peter's-lane. The prisoner came in on the Monday to inquire for the parcel he had left with my husband the day before—(my husband had desired me to stop him if he came)—I asked him what the parcel contained—he said it was wrapped in a towel, and it was pieces of old copper which he had for sale—I sent ray boy for Starkey, who took him in charge—my husband took the copper down and gave it to the policeman.





WILLIAM PENNY
. I am a police-inspector. I opened the bag, and found nineteen packets of copper money.

Prisoner's Defence (written.) "On the morning of Monday, I was going along St. John-street, in search of employment, and was accosted by a man, of whom I had no previous knowledge—he said he knew me, as he had frequently resorted to my father's house (the Half Moon public-house, Smithfield) and he said, 'I can intrust you with the care of this parcel, it contains old copper, deposit it in that little coffee-shop, and meet me in half an hour, and I shall pay you well for your trouble'—he then gave me the price of a cup of coffee. I called for the said parcel, by the desire of the man who gave it to me, three times, and was refused it by the woman who keeps the coffee-house. I persevered, according to my employer's orders, and ultimately was taken into custody by a police constable. If I had come by the said property by my own act of burglary, I should have taken it to my parents' residence in Cow-cross-street, within three hundred yards of the said coffee-shop; but I obeyed the mandates of the man who employed me, also would I not have brought it to my poor parents, on Saturday morning, the time of the robbery? My Lord, I was deprived of the clothes I had on then, and furnished with my present garb. My parents had purchased my said clothes from a master tailor on Clerkenwell-green, in September last, and the police constable satisfied his inquiry on that point."
(Henry Crowley, boot and shoemaker, 21, White's-row, Spitalfields; and Dennis Cogle, a tailor, of Aldermanbury, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.
