




3443. 




ALFRED RUFF
 and 




DANIEL BIGGS
 were indicted for

breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Sarah Hall, at 
Barking, on the 
18th October, and stealing therein 1 shift value 1s.; 1 night-gown, value 6d.; the goods of 



Martha Tuck: 1 blanket, value 2s. 6d.; 1 quilt, value 2s. 6d.; 1 gown, value 2s.; 1 petticoat value 2s. 6d.; and 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; the goods of the said 



Sarah Hall.






SARAH HALL
. I am a window, and live at Great Ilford, in the parish of Barking. I left home on the 18th of October, about eleven o'clock—my things were safe at that time, and I locked the door—I returned between four and five o'clock, and found the lower things of the door broker—it was prised so that the door could open, but was not broken off—the door was quite a temporary affairs, and the hinge too—all the articles stated were gone—(looking at them)—these are all mine—the bolt of the door appeared driven back—when the hinge was prised partly off, the door would open.





MARTHA TUCK
. I live with Sarah Hall. I locked the door when I went out—Hall came home first.

Ruff. Q. Are you quite sure the the back door was bolted? A. Yes—then is a middles door which comes into the house—it is not a back door—Ruff is Mrs. Hall's nephew.





BARNARD ISAACS
. I am a pawnbroker at Stratford. On the 18th of October, Ruff came to my shop to pawn a quilt and blanket in the name of George Harper, for his mother.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





JAMES OTHEN
. I am an officer. I went after the prisoners on the day of the robbery, and found them walking together—I found the pillow-case, petticoat, and gown, on Biggs—I found nothing on Ruff.


Ruff. We were standing still in the custody of Davis. Witness. You were walking together when I first saw you—Davis put his hand round you, and prevented your going further.





SAMUEL DAVIS
. I am a officer. I saw the prisoner walking together, and took them into custody—I saw the property found on Biggs.

Ruff. I wish a copy of the indictment and the deposition—I see we are charged with breaking into the dwelling-house—she has no dwelling-house—only an apartment—part of a house can't be a whole one.





SARAH HALL

re-examined. There are people living up stairs—I live down—I pay the rent for the down stairs part—there is a front door and a back way to my part—the back way is a thoroughfare for the people up stairs—the front is by itself.

Ruff. The back door is for the use of both—they both make use of the back kitchen and the back door leading out of it. Witness. The landlord does not live in the house.

RUFF—


GUILTY
.* Aged 22—


Transported for Seven Years.

BIGGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—



Confined One Year.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

