





3452. 




WILLIAM GEORGE AVIS,



 JOSEPH HUNTER
, and 




GEORGE MOORE
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
18th of October, 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 



James Joseph Rutter, from his person; and that Moore had been previously convicted of felony.






JAMES JOSEPH RUTTER
. I live in Caroline-place, Lee. I was at Charlton fair, on the 18th of October, and had my handkerchief taken from my pocket—I did not miss it till the officers brought it to me—this is it—there is a mark in the corner of it.





JAMES WILD
 (police-constable, R 141.) I was at Charlton fair, on the 18th of October and saw the three prisoners come across the field—I followed them down opposite to Clark's show—they kept together for about half an hour—they went behind the prosecutor—Avis took the handkerchief from him, and gave it to Hunter—Moore was standing behind, trying to conceal them—I took Hunter, gave him to another officer, and took Avis—Moore, in coming across the fields, felt several gentlemen's pockets, which led us to follow them up.

Moore. I know nothing of the two prisoners—I was going through the fair with my hands in my pockets. Witness. No, he was not—he tried several pockets.





THOMAS DYKE
 (police-constable, R 193.) I saw the prisoners in company, and all trying pockets one after another—I did not see this handkerchief taken—I am certain they were together for twenty minutes or more—I saw them walk down the fair.

Moore. The reason I was taken is taken is that I was convicted here sixteen months ago by Duke—that caused him to have suspicion of me—in what way did I try any pockets? Witness. Feeling them as you walked behind them.

JURY. Q. Did you see the man pick the pocket? A. No; I saw Moore close to them—they were conversing together.

JURY
to
JAMES WILDE. Q. Was Moore within sight of what the other two did? A. Yes—he was close to them, between them—I was on his right-hand close to him.

Avis's Defence. I was passing through the fair, and was talking to a person who sold cigars.





THOMAS DYKE
. I produce the certificate of Moore's former conviction which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.

AVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.—



Confined Twelve Months; Three Weeks Solitary.

HUNTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 36—


Transported for Seven Years.

MOORE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
