





1248. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, 30 sacks, value 30s., and 15 quarters of oats, value 20l., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Bradley
                     




                  , from a barge upon the navigable river Thames
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I am a lighterman
, and live at Horselydown. On the 9th of October I had a barge called the Eliza, laden with outs, beans, and peas - I took her to Limehouse, and sent her up to Chelsea by George Davis, laden with fifteen quarters of oats; the 10th was on Sunday, and the cargo was all safe then - the prisoner had been in my service up to the 9th; I saw the Eliza again on the Monday, and missed from her thirty sacks and fifteen quarters of oats - she was then at Chelsea, on the river Thames


.


                  GEORGE 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Bradley. I took the Eliza up to Chelsea on the 9th, which was Saturday, and on the Sunday morning I moored her and left her safe, between eleven and twelve o'clock - I went to her again about the same time on Monday morning; she had then been unmoored, and fifteen quarters of oats had been taken out of her, and thirty sacks which had contained it - I suppose that was seven miles from Horselydown; I saw the prisoner about dinner time on Sunday, and he asked if I had taken my punt up-to Chelsea - I said Yes.
JAMES EDWARDS. I am a lighterman and live in Freeman's-lane. I have known the prisoner for years - on that Sunday, between twelve and one o'clock, he came to Horselydown stairs, and asked if I knew where Bumstead was - I said I had not seen him, but he might find him at home; he went away, and returned with him - he said they were going to hire a barge, and asked if I would go with them; I said No - in the afternoon they asked if I would lend them my boat; I said I did not mind - they took it, and were away all the afternoon; in the evening the prisoner came and told me he had hired a barge - I and the prisoner went on board it, and went below-Bumstead was on it; it then went up on the other side of Chelsea College, and they stopped her at the piles - I found the Eliza there, laden with corn; the prisoner and Bumstead unmoored her, and shoved her down to the barge; they then fastened her, and took out of her fifteen quarters of oats - the prisoner said, "Now I shall pay myself;" I understood he had worked for the prosecutor, who had not paid him - the oats were shot out of the sacks, loose, into the barge; the Eliza was left against the dead wall, by the piles; we then came down the river- the sacks were thrown overboard somewhere off the Red House, and sunk; we went down to Pickle Herring tier - I then took the prisoner on shore, and left Bumstead on board; I do not know what became of them afterwards.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at Battersea. The sacks were found opposite my wharf; they must have floated there- my lad picked them up, and they were returned to the prosecutor.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I am the proprietor of Pickle Herring wharf. By an extract from our books I find, that on the 10th of October, fifteen quarters of oats were landed; I delivered them to Mr. Taylor on the 12th.
MOSES PEARCY. I am a coal-porter, and was employed on that wharf. I saw the Eliza on the Sunday afternoon, with the corn - I saw her again on the Monday, empty, by the piles, near the College wall - I brought her up again to the wharf.


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I live at Deptford. I sold fifteenquarters and a half of oats, on commission, for the prisoner I think it was on the 12th of October - here is the order I gave for the delivery of them; but it appears there were only fifteen quarters.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it; Edwards is a reputed thief - he has been in custody for a robbery on the Thames; he swore at the Thames Police that I hired a barge of Mr. Bostock, which I had not - I worked fifteen quarters and a half of oats of a gentleman, and landed them at Mr. Holland's - they are what Taylor sold.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
