



796. 




JOHN DUDDY
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of February, 2 spoons, value 16s., the goods of 




Richard Higgins.






ESTHER HUMPHREYS
. I am bar-maid to Mr. Richard Higgins—he keeps a tavern at No. 264, Oxford-street, near North Audley-street. The prisoner came to our house on Tuesday evening the 6th of February, about half-past eight o'clock—I am sure it was that evening—he called for a glass of gin and water—I took it to him, and took a German silver spoon with it—in about five minutes he came out of the room and bid me good night—I went in to take the glass away, and a metal spoon was put in the place of my master's German silver one—the prisoner came again about a quarter to nine o'clock on the 8th of February—I was told he was the same man that had been on the Tuesday—he asked for some soup—he did not call for any particular sort—I told him we had none—he called for a mutton chop and mashed potatoes—I served him—he rang the bell, and asked for another chop, and paid for what he had before he had the second chop—I left with him the tray and a silver table-spoon, which was my master's property—it is worth about 15s.—I left that with the first chop—he paid me 1s. 10d., and said he was in a hurry—I then saw the spoon was changed, and a metal spoon put on the table in place of my master's—I went and told my master—my master's son came into the room and accused him of it—he rose up, and the silver spoon fell from his wrist—I am sure of that—the metal spoon was on the table—there was no metal spoon there before—I saw the silver spoon fall by his feet—I saw my mistress pick it up—this is it, and this is the metal spoon—(looking at them)—I sent for an officer—he came, and took him in the coffee-room.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who took that metal spoon off the

table? A. I do not know—I did not—I went and fetched my young master.





CHARLES EDWARD HIGGINS
. I am the prosecutor's son. The prisoner was at my father's house on the 8th of February—I am certain of his person—I went into the room, as a gentleman had given us notice he was the same person that had been in the room on Tuesday—that gave us warning, and we marked the silver spoon that went in—this is the spoon—(looking at it)—there was no metal spoon on the tray—my father had no metal spoon of this description—the prisoner said nothing when I accused him of it—he got up, put his hand behind him, and this silver spoon dropped from him.





ISAAC TURVEY
 (police-constable C 74.) I was sent for, and found the prisoner sitting in the coffee-room—I took and searched him—this is the spoon.





CHARLES EDWARD HIGGINS

re-examined. I took up this metal spoon off the table, and put it into my pocket.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you say one word before the Magistrate of your taking a metal spoon off the table, that was not your father's? A. I did—my deposition was read over to me, and I signed it—I did not tell them they had left that out—I did not notice it.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(The witnesses Sarah White and Elizabeth Horley were committed, by order of the Court.)
