





758. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SAVILLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 3 seals, value 1l.; 2 watch-keys, value 10s., and 1 watch-chain, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Carter
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM CARTER. I am a master mariner
. On the 15th of March I was going down Ratcliff-highway, and was attacked by three young men in Narrow-street


; I had been drinking, but I can remember what passed: I had a watch, three seals, and two keys, which I had tucked inside the flap of my trousers - they hustled me and threw me down; I received a blow on the back of my head which I did not lose the effect of for three weeks: I perfectly remember there were three of them, and they got my watch, seals, and keys from me, and tore the pocket; a Policeman came up and took the prisoner - I cannot say whether he was one of the men.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a sailor. I was going down the highway about eight o'clock in the evening, and saw them attack the prosecutor; the prisoner had him by the arm, and I said to him, "what are you going to do with that gentleman?" he said, "What business is that of yours? I know him and am going to take him home" - I crossed the way; they walked on to a street and pushed him down - I ran over and they all ran away; I jumped over the prosecutor, pursued the prisoner, and laid hold of him - he said, "For the love of God let me go, the other one has got the watch, not me;" he struggled very much - but I held him till the officer came; another one came back, and said, "Let him go, you will catch the other yet" - but I held him tight.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. The prisoner was given into my custody - I found nothing on him; he said, one of the other boys had the watch not him.
Prisoner's Defence. He asked if I had the watch; said "No, I know nothing of it, and never saw the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
