






2175. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WALTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of May

, 14 quarts of milk, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Cleeve
                        



                     
                  , and another
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BEAVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  BAKER
               



            . I live in the Edgware-road



, where the business of the West London Dairy is done - I am clerk to Henry Cleeve and William Wilberforce, the proprietor
s; Walton was in the service of the company - it was his duty to carry milk
 on the 23rd of May to the Middlesex-hospital; they were to have eight gallons and two quarts - the cans would hold more; I do not know how much he took out, but in consequence of information I and Batten watched him - he left the premises about ten minutes or a quarter to six o'clock, in the cart; he went first to Marylebone-workhouse, left milk there, and then to Beavan's house, which is in Great Portland-street, within one door of the corner of Mortimer-street; I stood at the corner of Mortimer-street, and saw him stop at Beavan's, and pull off the lid of the can from under the bar, which is locked down to prevent the milk being adulterated; Beavan had come out and got into the cart before he did that - Walton had two pails; he took milk out of the can and put into a pail; Beavan then got out of the cart - Walton handed the pail of milk out to him; I then seized the pail - Mr. Cleeve was out of town at the time; I took the milk home and measured it - there were fourteen quarts; I did not take the prisoners into custody at the time - Walton came home about half-past seven o'clock, and absconded directly
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. Did you not know he was living with Mr. Caudwell ever since? A. I did not; it happened about twenty-five minutes past six o'clock - I believe the milk was delivered right at the Middlesex-hospital; Mr. Cleeve manages the business - I did not see the milk put into the can; it was warm when I took it out - I cannot say water was not mixed with it, because the prisoner was trusted to measure it - I took it from Beavan's hand, just under his window; he keeps a milk-walk.
Re-examined. Q. Did you know him before? A. Yes, he dealt with the concern about two months before, and knew Walton was in their service - the hospital people keep a key of the can.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BATTEN
               



            . I went with Baker to watch; his evidence is true in every particular.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Beavan was in Mr. Caudwell's employ? A. No, I never saw Walton after he absconded.
MR. DONNE called -


                  MARK 
                  CAUDWELL
               



            . I am a cow-keeper and dairyman, and live in Peter-street, Wardour-street. Walton was in my employ for nine weeks, till he was apprehended - my cows are kept in the Regent's-park, and his nearest way there was to pass the prosecutor's premises.
WALTON. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.
BEAVAN. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
