



614. 




MARY MILES, alias
 Hogan, alias
 Margaret Mills

, was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of January, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; 1 seal, value 3d.; 1 watch-key, value 1d.; and I tobacco-box, value 6d.; the goods of 



Joseph Woollard, from his person, and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH WOOLLARD
. I live at Lewisham. I came up to London to see my brother—I happened to meet the prisoner about two o'clock in the morning on the 10th of January—I believe it was in the Dover-road—I believe I spoke first, and she took me up a back lane—she took my watch and my tobacco-box away—I had only been with her a few minutes—I had not given her any thing, or made any bargain with her—she took my watch and tobacco-box in a minute, and ran away—I went after her with the policeman—she had got about thirty yards, or more—I had not given her these things.

Prisoner. You asked me to have something to drink, and took me down that place, because there was a light at the corner, and asked if you could be with me all night, and I said no, because I had a husband—you said, "Never mind, come and stop with me"—You said you had no money, and gave me the watch to keep till Monday morning—the case fell off, and I picked it up, and put the watch in my bosom, and then you—I got from you by telling you there was a policeman coming. Witness.; No, I did not.





CHARLES BURRAGE
, (police-constable M 77.) At a quarter-post two o'clock in the morning on the 10th, I heard the prosecutor say he had been robbed of his watch and his tobacco-box, by a woman who was with a man in a smock-frock—I saw the prisoner run across the road, and join a man—I stopped her, and asked the prosecutor if she was the woman—he said she was—I put my hand to her bosom, and felt the watch and the tobacco-box—the prosecutor had been drinking, but knew what ho was about—he said if the box was his the rivet was out, and he had put a large pin in, and turned it up, which is the case.

Prisoner. Q. You found the case off the watch? A. Yes, and the glass was broken—the prosecutor said it was whole he had it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





JOHN WOODHOUSE
 (police-constable M 13.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—I know she is the same person (read.)

Prisoner. I never was tried only for a drop of drink.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

