





2386. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SPARKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of September
, 50 lbs. of rope, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jackson
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  DICKINSON
               



            . I am a constable of Ealing. On the 15th of September I heard some rope had been stolen; I looked about, and saw the prisoner the same evening in a marine-store shop, kept by Hughes, at Brentford, offering the rope for sale; I went in, and asked him how he came by it; he said he picked it up in the cut about a fortnight before, when the water was drawn off by the bridge- I said I had every reason to suppose it was stolen, and I would go to some person; I went out, and saw Mr. Jackson; I asked if he had lost a rope - he said he did not know it, but perhaps his men might; I locked up the prisoner, and on the Monday morning Nelms identified the rope - the prisoner has lived in the neighbourhood twelve or thirteen years.


                  CHARLES 
                  NELMS
               



            . I am in Mr. Thomas Jackson's service. In the middle of August I brought up my barge, and pulled up my lines - I left my ropes in Barnsby's-yard


; I know this to be a part of them by unsplicing it - it had been under a shed; it was missing on the 17th, when the officer came to me - I had seen the prisoner on the premises twice.


                  ROBERT 
                  BARNSBY
               



            . I am a barge-builder. In the middle of August the barge was brought to me to be repaired, and this rope, among other things, was put on shore- I have no doubt but that this is a part of it; I had seen the prisoner about my premises.
Prisoner. I never was on his premises for three hours in my life. Witness. He came with a barge, which was there four or five days, and he assisted in blocking it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
