



1137. 




JOHN SHEERING
 was indicted

 for wilful and corrupt perjury.


MESSRS. PRENDERGAST
and
PAYNE
conducted the prosecution.





ROBERT BAYLIS
. I am one of the clerks of worship-street police-office. I produce an original summons in reference to this case.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there not a complaint lodged in writing? A. This is a summons, and it says, "Whereas, a complaint hath this day been made," &c.—I was not present when the previous complaint was made, and know nothing about it.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know the practice of the office? A. Yes, the informer comes with his summons, and presents it for signature.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Does not the person state to the Magistrate what it is he wants? A. No, generally not—the summons is given to the clerk, and the Magistrate signs it after the clerk has looked at it.





WILLIAM HERITAGE
. I am chief to the Magistrates at Worship-street. This summons was issued from the office, and has the Magistrate's (Mr. Broughton's) signature—it was granted to Aaron Rawlings—I only know it by its being down here—it has my mark on it—I issued it myself—I know Aaron Rawlings—I will not say whether he brought it or not if a party wishes to lay an information, and to convict a person, he brings the summons ready filled up to me—It states all that is here stated, with the exception of the Magistrate's signature.

COURT. Q. Do you afterwards require the appearance of the person whose name appears on the summons, or do you not? A. We generally take them as matters of course; but when they come to a hearing, the alleged informer is required to be present.

Q. Supposing the prisoner had brought this summons ready filled up, and it had been signed by the Magistrate, and at the hearing he had come in the absence of the person said to be the informer, would they have proceeded? A. Certainly not—they invariably call for the informer.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you have that summons in your possession for some time? A. Yes—I think I might have it a fortnight, or perhaps a month—I then handed it over to my son—it had been in my possession from the time of the complaint being heard, till I handed it over to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where did you keep it? A. In my desk, which is nearly always locked—I might go away for an hour or so, and leave it unlocked—I am sure no one goes to my desk—our office does a great deal of business—a great many persons who belong to the office have access to the room where my desk is, but they never go there—this summons was issued by the Magistrate—I entered it in the book and marked it to the officer that was to serve it—I only remember it by seeing my mark on it—all my summonses are marked—this is marked "H" for Hanley—Rawlings is very frequently at our office—I have understood that my son is conducting this prosecution—he attends at our office, and would have an apportunity very likely of seeing Rawlings—my son is not engaged at the office, but the pressure of business is such, that two clerks cannot get through it—my son comes to assist me, and I pay him—it is the custom for persons who are not informers to come and take summonses, and we grant them—the person says, "Here are these summonses, and I will be obliged to you to get them signed"—I cannot be certain that Rawlings presented this.





WILLIAM HERITAGE JUN
, I occasionally assist my father at the office—I received this summons from my father on the very day, or the day after the appeal was heard at Clerkenwell—it was in conseqence of some

representation I made to my father that he produced it to me—I was present at the office when this summons was brought by Rawlings to be signed by the Magistrate—I was present when this matter was heard before the Magistrate, and Aaron Rawlings attended as the informer—the prisoner was called as his witness—I saw the prisoner sworn, but I forget by what officer—the Magistrates present were William Grove, and Samuel Twyford, Esqrs., who are both Magistrates for the county of Middlesex—I heard what the prisoner said—it was not taken down—Mr. Goodale was there—the summons was read to him, and he was asked whether he was guilty or not guilty, and said he was not guilty—this was on Wednesday, the 25th of November—after Sheering was sworn, he stated that, on Sunday, the 22nd of November last, be went to the house of the defendant, about half-past eleven, or between half-past eleven and twelve o'clock, at the White Horse, Hare-street, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, and found the door open—he went in and saw three women drinking gin at the bar—he called for a glass of spruce at the bar, which the defendant served him, and he paid twopenes for it, he then went into the tap-room, and called for a pint of porter, and whilst there—he counted twenty-seven men and women, many of them very drunk, and riotous came in, and the landlord served them with beer—that the house was most notorious for drunkenness—he staid there till about half-past twelve o'clock, and he then went to the parish church, and found it was not over, that he said to Mr. Goodale, as he went down the steps of the house, "Remember, my name is Jack Sheering, and you don't buff me out of this next Wednesday, at Worship-street"—that was all he said—Mr. Goodale was then called upon for his defence—the magistrate convicted him—I was present at the hearing of the appeal at the Clerken well Session, on the 17th of December—the prisoner was called as a witness in support of the conviction—I saw him sworn—I made a note of what he said on that occasion—(Reads) "I know the White Horse public house, in Hare-street, Bethnal-Green—I was there on Sunday, the 22nd of November last, at three minutes before twelve o'clock—I found the door shut, and three drunken persons knocking outside—the defendant opened but the door and let them in; I followed, and had something to drink at the—the defendant served me—while I was there, the defendant let in twenty seven men and women, many of them drunk and very noisy—he served them with liquor, and was carrying on a roaring trade—I staid some time, and afterwards went to the parish church, and it was not over"—he was then cross-examined, and asked, what he was served with at the bar—he said, "A glass of gin"—he also said, he did not go into the tap-room—I heard him asked what he was by trade—he said, he had been brought up to the bar—he was asked, what bar—he said, the defendant's bar—he was asked, whether he had not been at the bar of that he would swear that—he said, "Yes"—one of the magistrates observed, perhaps he had been at the old bar of that court—he said, yes, he had—he was asked, what he was there for—he said, "For rescuing a follow creature from the grave"—he was asked, whether it was not for stealing a dead body—he said, "Yes"—he was asked How many times he had been at the bar—he said, he did not know—I recollect, at the hearing at the office, when he stated, that he had had a glass of spruce that Goodale told the magistrate, he did not sell spruce—I have seen

Aaron Rawlings to day in the gallery of this court—it was asked at Clerkenwell, why Mr. Goodale was not prepared with witnesses at Worship-street office; the answer was, that in consequence of the vague manner in which the summons was put out he did not know what he was charged with—I gave a notice to the magistrate to appeal—I have the copy of it, and the original notice is here—I served it on the chief clerk for William Grove and Samuel Twyford in the usual manner, and here is the petition also and the recognisance.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you the person who conducts this prosecution? A. Yes, for Mr. Woolley—he very seldom attends to any criminal business—I am not a solicitor—I am merely Mr. Woolley's clerk—I assist my father when I choose to go—my father pays me—they are always very busy—there is business enough for half a dozen clerks—I am remunerated by Mr. Woolley for this prosecution—he has a boy in his office, about thirteen or fourteen years old—he keeps only one—the whole burden of preparing the brief was thrown on me—I cannot tell the time of day when this summons was applied for by Aaron Rawlings; but what brings it to my recollection is, I laughed at the name of the publican being Goodale—it might be in the morning; but the business is so great there, that had it not been for the name, I should not have remembered it—Rawlings has been on various occassions at the office—there is very seldom any evidence taken down in writing at our office—there has latterly, but not in publican's cases; I know the Judges have complained, but not in consequence of not taking evidence down; there have been complaints of the loose way in which the business is conducted at the office, but not of taking evidence—Mr. Goodale was asked, whether he had any witnesses—he said, no; he had not a soul in the house except his own family—he made use of those words—I do not know what notice he had of this—the summons was taken out on the Monday, and the hearing was on the Wednesday; but the officers sometimes do not serve the summons until the night before—I have had a communication with Mr. Goodale—he has not employed me—to my knowledge, he has never seen Mr. Woolley—I do not know whether this is carried on at Mr. Goodale sole expense; several friends have seen Mr. Goodale on the subject, publicans and others—I have seen this paper before (looking at it)—I was shown one once by Sheering—I know some of the people named here were publicans—Mr. Cox is a butcher, and Mr. Godwin, I believe, is a corn-chandler—I have seen Mr. Ronalds in this business, and Mr. Herdman—there may have been a publican of the name of Cox, convicted at our office, but I do not recollect it—it might have been twelve months ago—he may have been convicted on the very day Goodale was there, and I forget it—if I see such an enormous case, I remember it, and I remember Mr. Groves saying what a monstrous case it was—I said, "Yes, if true"—I was the attorney in the appeal, at Clerkenwell—I drew the brief there, and instructed the counsel, and have done the same to-day—there was nothing to prevent my having it taken down in short-hand if I had known that the notes had not been taken by the Court, I might have had it taken—of course, I do not do the business for nothing—part of the costs go into Mr. Woolley's pocket—there is an agreement between me and Mr. Woolley—we do not exactly share the costs—I object to answer the question—he pays me what be thinks proper—I do not know what the proportion will be—I bear the expenses myself—I expect something for my services, but there is no agreement

between Mr. Wooley and me as to what I shall receive—it does not depend on the result—it depends on the amount is large, I shall get more than if it is small—there is an agreement that I shall receive something according to the amount of costs—if the costs were 100l. I cannot say what I should receive—I cannot say how much I shall be out of pocket—I have assisted him before—I cannot tell whether I shall get the same proportion now—I may get a third, or fourth, or half—in small cases I have got half—he has paid me for the brief, and money out of pocket—I cannot tell how many cases of prosecution I have had under Mr. Woolley—some Sessions there may have been three or four, and some none—I should think not so much as thirty in a year.





MR. CHARLES PELLET ALLEN
. I am deputy-clerk of the peace, for the county of Middlesex. I produce the conviction, on the 25th of November, 1835, of James Goodale, before William Groves and Samuel Twyford, Esqrs.—I was present during the examination of sheering—the evidence of the last witness is nearly correct—I do not recollect the cross-examination—he said nothing in his cross-examination, qualifying what he had said—I only remember about the "resurrection."

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you would not undertake to repeat the evidence yourself? A. No; I can repeat the substace of it.

COURT. Q. Do you recollect in what state the prisoner described the door of the house? A. He said it was shut, and there were persons at the door when he got there—I think he said Goodale opened the door—I do not remember what he said he had to drink—I think he said twenty-seven persons were let in—I do not remember in what state he said they were.





THOMAS EAGLES
. I am a police-constable of Worship Street. I remember Sheering giving his evidence against Goodale—he said he went and had a glass of spruce, and afterwards went into the tap-room, and saw about twenty persons I think—he came out, and said, "My name is Sheering, the informer, you shall not buff me out of this."

Cross-examined. Q. What was it? A. That he went into Mr. Goodale's house during morning service, and called for a glass of spruce, and was served by Mr. Goodale—he then went into the tap-room, and there were upwards of twenty persons—I do not remember the number, and on coming out he said, "My name is Jack Sheering, the informer, you shall not buff me out of this"—that is as far as I know, every word—I waited to the end—I do recollect that he said where he went to after he left the public-house, or what state the persons were in.





SIR WILLIAM CURTIS BART
. I was acting as chairman at Clerkenwell Sessions, when Mr. Goodale made an appeal from the police-office. I took the greater part of Sheering's evidence in writing—there was no alteration that I did not take, if there had been, I should have put it down—I can undertake to say, that he said every thing I have down—they are the exact words (referring to notes)—he first stated that he knew of the White Horse, public house, in Hare-street, Bethnal-green—that he was there on Sunday, the 22nd of November, then last past—that it was about three minutes before twelve o'clock when he arrived at the house—the door was shut—that he saw there two women and one man, who appeared to be drunk, desirous to get in, and that Mr. Goodale came and let them all in—that they drank at the bar, other persons being in the tap-room at that time—that he stopped there till half-past twelve o'clcok, having had something to drink during the time—whilst he was there twenty-seven other persons entered,

and upon leaving the house he went to the parish church, where service was still going on—he was then cross-examined, and on a question put by the learned Counsel, he said the defendant did not ask for time to bring witnesses—he was asked how often he had been in that court—he stated more than I recollect—he said something about being brought up to the bar—he said he could not recollect whether he had ever been tried in that court—upon being further asked, he said, "I was charged with stealing a dead body"—he gave an answer which excited some surprise and laughter, but I did not take it down.





JAMES GOODALE
. I am a publican, and keep the White Horse, Hare-street, Bethnal-green, I kept it in November last. I remember appearing at Worship-street, on a charge brought against me by Aaron Rawlings—I remember the state of my house on the morning of the 22nd of November, during church-time—I think I can distinctly recollect what Sheering swore against me at the office—when he got into the box, the Magistrate told him he was drunk—he said he was not, he had got a bad cold—the Magistrate said he was very drunk, and he would not hear his evidence—but Rawling stepped up and said, he had but one case, which would not last five minutes—and then he was put to his oath.

COURT. Q. Do you mean that the Magistrates examined the witness after they said he was drunk? A. Yes.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it after he said he had got a cold, that they swore him? A. Yes—it is not true that Sheering had a glass of spruce served him by me, at my house on Sunday morning—I do not keep such a thing—I swear he never was in the house at any time that day—I served a man with half a pint of beer eight minutes before one o'clock—I have every reason to believe my clock was right—the man said it was one o'clock—there was not one person let in barring my own family—I did not serve any one from without with any liquor on that Sunday, during the hours of Divine service—at half-past eleven o'clock my door was shut, and it was never opened till a few minutes before one o'clock, when I opened it to serve that person the half pint of beer—there were not three women drinking gin at the bar—Sheering did not go into the tap-room and call for a pint of beer, and remain till half-past twelve o'clock—it is not true that he said his name was Jack Sheering, and I should not buff him out of that at Worship-street—myself, wife, and children, servant-maid and nephew, were the only persons in the house—I requested my case might he postponed, that I might produce witnesses—I spoke to the Magistrates, but they did not seen to notice it—I had no witnesses for the thing—the man swore no one saw me serve the man with the half-pint but myself—I thought that was the charge—it is not true that three myself before twelve o'clock that day when my door was shut, three drunken persons were knocking outside.

Cross-examined. Q. You heard Sheering swearing at Worship-street against you? A. Yes—I thought it was for the half-pint, and when I got there I found it was a different thing—I said I could bring witnesses to prove against what they swore to, if they gave me time, and that on Sheering's charge I had no witnesses—my nephew was in the house—I could have brought him but I went to answer for the half-pint—they asked if I had brought any witnesses—I said no, barring my own family—I did not say I had not a soul in the house at the time, and I had no witnesses—when Sheering was sworn, I told the magistrate I was sure that it was a mistake, that was not my case at all—I cannot say whether the Magistrate

asked me if I had any witnesses after Sheering had given his evidence, I said I had brought no witnesses—I did ask for time after Sheering was heard—I did not say I had no witnesses and there was not a soul in the house—I expect I am at the sole expense of this prosecution—I have employed Mr. Woolley—I have seen Mr. Woolley's clerk, Mr. Heritage—I did not see Mr. Woolley, but I employed persons to do it—I employed Mr. Heritage—the prosecutor appeared to me to be drunk.





JOSIAH POMEROY
. I am the prosecutor's nephew, and am a watchmaker. On Sunday, the 22nd of November, I was at the prosecutor's house a few minutes before eleven o'clock—when I first went, the house was open, it wanted a quarter to eleven o'clock when I left my own house, which is about five minute's walk from the prosecutor's—I do not know whether church had begun, but I heard the churchbell strike out—the house was shut up before eleven o'clock my Mr. Goodale—I remained there till a quarter past one o'clock—I was in the bar and took a lunch—I amused the children from eleven to one o'clock from the bar to the tap-room and the parlour—there was not a soul in the tap-room but myself and the children—I saw the servant-girl cleaning the pots, some were drying in the bar and the tap-room—there was no one drinking in the tap-room, no one was served at the bar—the prisoner never entered the house that I saw—he could not be sitting in the tap-room with twenty-seven persons—I do not know whether my uncle keeps spruce—there were no drunken men or women served at the bar—I did not hear any one knocking at the door—the prisoner could not have come in with two people and I not know it—there was no noise or noisy people—all the noise was with me and the children—they are all young.

COURT. Q. What time did you go away? A. About a quarter-past one—I have business to attend to in the week, and I wanted to see my uncle, as he had been very bad.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Was there any circumstance that brings that day to your remembrance? A. Yes—it was my nephew's birth-day—I went to tea with them that day—I dined at my own house and then went to tea—I heard about the summons on the Tuesday after—I gave evidence at Clerkenwell.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Worship-street? A. Yes—it is about three-quarters of a mile from Mr. Goodale's—I should walk it in ten minutes—no one came into the house during Divine service—they could not without my seeing them.

COURT
to
MR. GOODALE. Q. Who was the person you served with half a pint of beer? A. I don't know—I think it was about eight minutes before one o'clock—he knocked at the door and said, "Why don't you open, you neighbours are open?" I don't know where Pomeroy was—I did not see him at the moment—he might be in the kirchen—I went on the Tuesday and asked him about it—he said he did not see the man come in.





MARY BEADLE
. I was in the service of Mr. Goodale. I remember the Sunday before he went to Worship-street—the door was shut at eleven o'clock that morning—I cleaned my pots and dried them in the tap-room and bar—there were not twenty-seven persons there drinking and making a noise—Sheering did not come in at all—there was no one but my master and mistress and Mr. Pomeroy and the children.

Cross-examined. Q. Did nobody at all come in? A. No one at all—I

was not absent from the bottom of the house five minutes—I was not absent from half-past twelve till one o'clock—my master could not have let any one in without my seeing it—he could not have helped any body at all—The house was kept shut till one o'clock—at eight minutes before one o'clock, Mr. Goodale said he let a person have some beer, but I did not see him—he could not have let any person in till one o'clock without my seeing it, and I did not see it.

COURT. Q. Where were you at eight minutes before one o'clock? A. Upstairs with the children—I was not absent two minutes—directly I came down I heard the door shut—it then wanted seven minutes to one o'clock—I looked at the clock in the bar—I said no one could come in without my seeing, because I was not absent five minutes at a time—they could not have come except during the five minutes—I was frequently taking the pots in and out.

COURT
to
J. GOODALE. Q. Where was it you let the man in? A. He came in at the street-door, and drank the beer, and I drew down the shutters directly, imagining my clock had lost eight minutes, as the man said so—I do not think the man was standing near me—I did not shut the door after the man—I opened the house directly—I do not think Beadle could hear the door, because I never shut it.

JURY. Q. Do the shutters make a noise? A. Yes, a dreadful noise; more noise than the shutting of a door.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Sometimes public-house doors open with a weight, so that there is a sort of spring? A. There is a spring, but no weight to my door—there are weights to the shutters—the door always shuts itself—she might hear the door shut too.





DAVID GRIFFITHS
. I am a coal-dealer, and live in Hare-street, Bethnalgreen. I reside four or five doors from Mr. Goodale, but my stable is under the same roof, there is a hole in the wall of my stable like a crack, it goes into Mr. Goodale's yard close to the tap-room window—I can bear there what takes place in the tap-room—I had a horse who showed symptoms of the gripes, and I was there two or three times, perhaps twenty minutes or half an hour at a time, I spent the greater part of the morning there, from seven to twelve—I went home for warm water and for a mash—there was no noise in the tap-room, or I must have heard it—I left about twelve—my man comes between twelve and one—I passed the public-house door from the stables, and it was closed—after eleven I wanted something myself, and house was closed—I tapped at the window, and got no reply—the man came to go to his horses between half-past twelve and one—and I went with him, the house was shut and very quiet.





CHARLES ALEXANDER CHRISTIE
. I am a beadle of Bethnal-green. It is my business to see in what state the public-house are kept during Divine service—on Sunday, November 22, I went to the White Horse, in Hare-street, at a quarter before twelve, the house was quiet and orderly, not a soul there, I looked into the tap-room—I did not go in—I heard no noise—I should think there could not have been any while I was there—I went up Hare-street and from thence to Slater-street, which I suppose took me till a little after twelve—I passed the house again, the door was closed—I shoved my came against it, and it was fast.

Cross-examined. Q. Why did you put your came against it? A. Because, sometimes the doors are shut but not fast—I do it generally to all

the houses—there are panes of glass over the door, but the door was not open the first nor the second time—it is about seven or eight minutes walk from worship-street.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—



Confined Fourteen Days, and 


Transported for Seven Years.
