





681. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, 2 boys' dresses, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Dicker
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  DICKER
               



            . I am the son of John Dicker, pawnbroker
, of Three-colt-street, Limehouse


 - on the 2nd of April I hung some suits of clothes outside the shop, about seven o'clock in the morning - I was afterwards at breakfast, and heard an alarm - I went into Narrow-street, and saw the prisoner with a bundle under his arm - I followed him into the Ship Aground public-house, and saw him take the dresses from the handkerchief in which they were, and put them on his knee - he was going to take the marks off them - Sliyth, who was with me, collared him, and said he was his prisoner - I went to get a policeman, but could not find one - I then told Sliyth to take the goods, and let him go - but Sliyth said, as we had gone so far, we had better go on, and he was taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  SLYTH
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I was hanging some goods out at the shop door - I saw the prisoner come out with something under his coat - I told Mr. Dicker, and we went after him - we found him in the public-house - I told him he was my prisoner, for taking some dresses from the door - he said he had not, but he bought them of a man in the street - he delivered the dresses to me, and was afterwards taken; but before he was taken, while he was in School-house-lane, he threatened to knock us both down, and he took up a large stone and threw it at me - it struck me in the joint of the leg.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAINES
               



             (police-constable K 211). I received the prisoner and these dresses - he said he bought them of aman, but he did not know his name, nor the street he bought them in; and I had taken him wrongfully, as he was taken before, when he had a pair of shoes in his pocket - he made no resistance.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
