



1704. 




MARY ANN LEWIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of July, 1 sovereign, and 14 shillings, the monies of 




Samuel Cooper, from his person.






SAMUEL COOPER
. I am a smith. On the 2nd of July I received 2l. 2s. 6d. from Atkins, the foreman, and we were at the Royal Sovereign, in some street, by a windmill, with Juniper—we found the prisoner there in company with another female—there was some row, and they were making use of foul language—Atkins interfered, and the prisoner struck him over the head with a milk-pot—he then talked about a warrant—at last it was agreed to be settled, and the women were to have something to drink—we were to subscribe 6d. a piece—I subscribed, and there was a pot of porter brought in—I went to the prisoner's kitchen in another house, about a stone's throw form the public-house—I had my money about me then—I was very ill, and went into a yard—they then laid me on a bed—I do not know how I lost my money—it was in my right hand waistcoat pocket, wrapped up in a bit of blue glazed calio—there was 1l. 18s. 6d. altogether, one sovereign, and the piece of calico was picked off the floor.

prisoner He has told two falsehoods—I was not in the public-house—he and three more were in the house when I went in.






CHARLES THOMAS ATKINS
. I am the foreman. I paid Cooper his wages, 2l. 2s. 6d.—he paid 2s. 6d. to different shopmates for little things, at the King's Head, where he received his wages—I wrapped up the prosecutor's two sovereigns in a piece of calico myself, and gave it him—we then went to the Royal Standard, and he changed one sovereign—the prisoner, and a woman who is next-door neighbour to the prisoner, were there—they addressed their language to me—I told them to keep their language to themselves, and then the woman hit me—Cooper then followed the prisoner to her house—Juniper and I went to the house—she said what would I stand to drink—I said I would be 6d.—Cooper took out his money and gave 6d.—I then told him to wrap up his money, which he did and put it in his pocket agian—the prisoner sent and got of beer—Juniper and Cooper drank some—Cooper was then ill, and went into the yard—she went and got him in, and laid him on the bed—I sat down in a chair, and the prisoner thought I was asleep—I saw her putting her hand over Cooper, and heard money jink—I told a young woman, and then I said to the prisoner, "You have been doing wrong, and you have got his money"—she said, "He cannot swear to money"—she then wanted to go out—I seized her hand—she struggled, and then the candle went out—she struggled very much—I called to Juniper, who had been asleep, but was awake then, to go and get a policeman—when they came in, the policeman heard the money go down—I had seen the calico in her hand before that, and I felt the money go out of her hand when I had hold of it.





WILLIAM JAMES JUNIPER
. I saw the prisoner's hand in Cooper's pocket when he was asleep—I arose up—Atkins said she had been robbing him—I saw her have the piece of cloth in her hand—I went for the policeman, and in coming down I heard the money fall, but I had seen the cloth in her hand before.

Prisoner You cannot say that you saw the money in my hand. Witness. I saw the cloth in your hand.





WILLIAM GRIFFIN
 (police-serjeant K 11.) I was sent for between twelve and one o'clock on Sunday morning, and told by Juniper that one of his mates was robbed—I was going down the stairs and heard some money go on the ground—I went down and the prisoner was very violent—I told the constable to seize her—I picked up, in different parts of the room, 1l., 12s.—there is 2s. now deficient—I saw the rag on the ground, but did not think it of any consequence, but Atkins took it up and said that the sovereign was marked, because Cooper had questioned its being good, and marked it to know it again.

prisoner They all say falsely—I was led into it by their own behaviour.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
