



812. 




RICHARD LYON BECKENHAM
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of February, 1 hat-box, value 5s.; 3 books, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 10s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s. 6d.; 1 cloak, value 1l.; 1 cape, Value 1l.; 1 shawl, value 5s.; 1 bag, value 15s.; 1 coat, value 3l.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 6 shirts, value 3l.; 12 collars, value 10s.; 8 pairs of stockings, value 10s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 2s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 9s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 shaving-case, with brushes, value 10s.; 1 printed book, value 1s.; 1 pair of half boots, value 2s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; and 1 cap, value 2s; the goods of 



Thomas Tyers Tyers, Esq.



MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS TYERS TYERS, ESQ
. I am a barrister, and live in Lincoln's-inn-fields. On the 4th of February I gave the articles stated to Elizabeth Martin, to be sent to me at the White Horse-cellar, Piccadilly—I received part of them afterwards—these are my property.





ELIZABETH MARTIN
. I am housekeeper to Mr. Tyers. I received this property, and also a carpet-bag and paper parcel—I gave these articles to the prisoner, who had been employed to carry parcels several time—I directed him to take them to the White Horse-cellar, Piccadilly, on Sunday, and I would pay him when he returned—he never came back, and I went to Fetter-lane and recovered these articles from Mrs. Pearce.





WILLIAM HENRY PEARCE
. I live with my father and mother, in greystoke-place, Fetter-lane. The prisoner is my cousin—about five o'clock on Sunday, the 5th of February, he came to our house, and said, "let me

leave these things here for a little while, as I am going down to the White Horse-cellar to get these things booked"—he left the articles produced at our house, and went away with a paper parcel and carpet-bag—I afterwards told my mother what had happened.





JANE PEARCE
. I am the last witness's mother. I found these articles in my passage when I came down on Sunday afternoon, and seeing Mr. Tyers name on the hat-box I took them to Martin.





JAMES CROSS
. I am a policeman. On the 16th of February I was standing at the station-house, the prisoner came up to me and asked if I had heard of the job in Lincoln's Inn-Fields—I said, "What job?—he said, About the carpet-bag being stolen"—"I said, Yes"—he said, "I wish to give myself up, for I am the party that did it" he said he left the carpet-bag in Hyde-park, and sold the coat and trowsers.

MR. TYERS. The carpet-bag and parcel have never been found.

Prisoner. I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
