







413. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARTIN 
                     FITZGERALD
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JEROME
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December
, 3 pairs of clogs, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hough
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HOUGH
               



            . I live in Regent-street


; I keep an oil-shop, and sell clogs
. On the 12th of December, about five minutes to eight o'clock in the evening, I missed these clogs; and in a few minutes the Police-officer came by with the prisoner, and these clogs, which are mine, and had been in my window.


                  JAMES 
                  BACON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty, and saw four boys together; I know Harrison was one - another officer was following them; they were not running then, but I saw Harrison throw one pair of clogs down -I followed them, and then took up another pair of clogs close by where the one pair had been thrown down.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOOSE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty at eight o'clock in the evening, and saw the three prisoners and another; I knew them - they turned, and saw me coming; Harrison turned down a street, and threw down a pair of clogs - the other two went on, and threw down a pair each; I took up one pair, and Brown took up two pairs - I knew the prisoners before; they are always together - this was on Tuesday; Harrison was taken that night - I took Fitzgerald on the Thursday, and Jerome on the Friday.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Harrison's Defence. Five minutes before eight o'clock I went home from selling some potatoes; my mother sent me out to pay a bill - I saw some boys; they threw something away - they ran off, and I ran too.
Fitzgerald put in a written Defence, stating that he was merely passing, and had no clogs in his possession.
Jerome's Defence. I was not out of the room till twenty minutes past seven o'clock; I then went on an errand, and returned in five minutes.
HARRISON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
FITZGERALD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
JEROME - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
