



488. 




THOMAS WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of December, 1 shilling, 2 sixpences, 2 pence, and 4 halfpence the monies of 



Thomas Ellio.






ANN MARIA ELLIOTT
. I am the wife of Thomas Elliott, and live in Catherine-street, Vauxhall. On the 6th of December the prisoner came to my house about a quarter past one o'clock, (at dinner time,) and said he had been a very unfortunate young man, he had been transported, and now had returned from Hobart Town—(I have a son there)—he told me he had brought a letter for me, which was 2s. 4d., and it was left at the dead letter office, Somerset-house, if I would go with him, he would get it—I said I could not go then, I was going to get my children's dinner—I said I would go on Wednesday—he said he could not go on Wednesday, as he was going to Mr. Capper's office to receive his penny a day, as a convict—but would I go that evening? I said, I did not know how to go, but I would go in the evening—he came at ten minutes before five o'clock, and I gave him tea, I left my children, took my baby, and went with him—as we were going along, he said my son was quite well, and that he was drinking with him on the 20th of June at a public-house at the top of Waterloo-street; we went on to Somerset-house right under where the man saved his life by hanging by the brickwork—there are a great quantity of steps—I had the baby in my arm—I said it was rather awkward to go down with the baby—he said, "I will hold the baby"—I said "No" he said, "Give me your money, I will go down and get the letter"—I gave him one shilling, two sixpences, two pennypieces, and four halfpence—I waited round the yard till a quarter before eight o'clock, and then the sentry asked me what I was waiting for—I said I was waiting for a young man who was gone to get a letter—he said there was no such place there—I never saw the prisoner again till I was fetched by the officer, to Union Hall, and the turnkey asked if I could swear to him—I said I could from a great many—he had sat half an hour in the kitchen with me, and then walked with me—I have not the slightest doubt, he is the person

—he had a short jacket on, a pair of low shoes, a small white handkerchief, striped, and his face and voice is the same—I could swear to him from thousands—I was with him an hour.

Prisoner's Defence. I positively deny my guilt—I rely on the improbability of the story told—is it likely I should proclaim my own disagree if I had been convicted; and does it seem probable I should take this woman to Somerset-house to get a letter, when it is notorious that the Post Offices is place to get letters of any kind?—she must labour under the most extraordinary delusion—she never saw me till ray second examination.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
