



423. 




JOHN WALKER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
13th of January, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 



Henry Ford, from his person, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY FORD
. I live in Guildford-street, Russell-square. At a quarter to nine o'clock, on the 13th of January, I was near St. Sepulchre's church—some person gave me information—I felt my pocket and found my handkerchief was gone—I was told the prisoner had taken it—he was standing in the street—I set off to go to him—he ran off—I followed and took him in a waggon-shed—I saw him throw my handkerchief away as he was running—I picked it up, I lost sight of him while I was picking it up—I then found him in a waggon-shed in the Old Bailey—I lost sight of him for about a quarter of a minute of half a minute—he told me he had found it.

Prisoner. How far was I from you when you lost you handkerchief? Witness, when I was told of it you was in the middle of the street—I was by the Saracen's Head, and you about twenty-five or thirty yards from me—you were running towards the Old Bailey—I saw you throw it away.

Prisoner. A. likely thing, when I was only out a week after nine months, that I should go thieving again,





THOMAS AUTHER
, I live at No. 8, Robert-street, Hoxton, I was with the prosecutor on this evening—two ladies spoke to him about his handkerchief—he quitted me, and I saw him running after the prisoner—I set off after him—as they turned toward Clement-Inn. I saw the prisoner throw the handkerchief away—Mr. Ford pursued and caught him in Clement's-Inn.


Prisoner Did you lose sight of me? Witness. Yes, just as your turned the corner, but only for a moment—you was about three yards before me.





THOMAS BOUCHER
. I was the officer on duty, and produce the handkerchief. Prisoner. I said, "If it is your handkerchief, you may take it."





JOSIAH EVANS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—the prisoner is the man. (read)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
