



1224. 




EDMUND HARRY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 




John Edwards, on the 
18th of April, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, and stealing therein, 1 painting, value 4l., his goods.






JOHN EDWARDS
. I am a carver and gilder, and live in Mount-street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. On Monday morning, the 18th of April, about five minutes after ten o'clock, I found the shop-door broken open by a chisel, or something—it was safe at nine o'clock—it is a double door, leading into two shops—the outside door is taken down in the day-time—when I got inside the shop, I missed a looking-glass and a painting of Dover, Worth 4l., this is it—the door had been bolted inside.





WILLIAM WATSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Norton, a pawnbroker in Green-street, Leicester-square. This painting was brought to our shop on the 18th or 29th of April by the prisoner—having received information, I asked him to walk with me, which he did, till I met a policeman and gave him in charge—I believe it was on the 20th of April—I received the information on Monday morning, and on the Wednesday he brought it.





EDWARD BATES
. I am a policeman. I produce the painting which was given to me by Watson.

Prisoner's Defence. On Monday morning I was not out of my house till half-past one o'clock—I live in Warren-street, Fitzroy-square—I then went out, with my wife to different place—on the Wednesday I met a person at the top of Regent-street, whom I had seen before, with an acquaintance named Taylor—he said he was short of money,—and asked me to pledge this painting, as he had a bill to pay that afternoon—he said it was his own—that he was not in the habit to pledging, or he would not trouble me—I took it to the witness's shop—he asked how long I had had it—I said, "I got it yesterday", that a person had sent me to pawn it, and asked him to let me go without an office to look for the person, for feat he should make off—he said I had better take an officer, and he would get one; although I might have got away I waited and as no officer came, he said, if I went to Regent-street with him—he would see if he could find who it belonged to—as we went we met a policeman—I told my name and who I worked for—after they returned from Mount-street they asked me again, and I did not like to tell my name, my wife being near lying-in—I would not have her frightened—I have worked for Mr. Wilstend, of Molineaux-street.

(Elizabeth Leggatt, Red Lion-street, Berough, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
