





1376. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     JENN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously uttering a forged receipt for goods
            , with intent to defraud 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Bird
               




             and another.


                  ISAAC 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Robert 
                  Johnson
               



            ; we carry on business as ironmongers and hardwaremen
 in Fenchurch-street


. The prisoner was in our employ for about eleven months, and left on the 23rd of April - this receipt came into my hands, and was posted in my books as a genuine receipt; the prisoner was entrusted to take orders and receive money - I do not know Mr. Tutt's handwriting; the prisoner was in our employ at the date of the receipt.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Where did you get that paper? A.From a drawer in our counting-house, which our warehouseman and clerk have access to; it is an open drawer - I have only one customer named Tutt; his Christian name is John - there is no address in the receipt; I will swear the receipt is in the prisoner's hand-writing.
Q. If he had not sold the goods to Tutt, this would be the readiest way to lead to a discovery? A. Yes, he generally writes his orders in his memorandum book, but this is a receipt; I should think the signature was not the prisoner's writing, but the body of it is.
ROBERT JOHNSON. I am in partnership with Mr. Bird. Tutt is a customer of ours; part of the goods named in this receipt were delivered to us from Birmingham, on the 17th of February - the prisoner had told me before that he had an order for chisels from Tutt, of Wilstead-street; on the morning of the 18th, when he came, I told him the chisels had come, and he had better take them out with him - I afterwards found they were gone from the shelves; they must have been taken by the prisoner or our warehouseman - on the same evening the prisoner brought me this receipt, which it was his duty to do, if he had delivered the goods; he gave it me as the genuine receipt of Tutt - I put it into the drawer, or gave it to Mr. Bird - something having occurred afterwards respecting the prisoner's conduct, I delivered accounts to our customers - Tutt pointed out these articles as never having been ordered or received; I produced to him different receipts - he said this was forged.
Cross-examined. Q.When goods were heavy, who took them out? A.Our porter; if more than 120l. worth of town business was done in a month with retail shops, the prisoner was to have a quarter per cent; he had 25s. a week certain; that sum has never been exceeded, and we owed him no commission - we never allowed him to purchase goods with our money - I never knew him take goods to customers, who had not ordered them, when intended for another customer who did not like them.


                  JOHN 
                  TUTT
               



            . I am a smith. I never ordered these goods; I never received them, nor signed this receipt - I do not sell these sort of goods - (read).
Received from Bird and Johnson, the 18th of February, 1832, 3 sugar cleavers, 1 dozen of chisels, 3 ladies' hammers, half a dozen plyers, and 2 pairs of brass candlesticks. 
               J. 
            TUTT.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There were two other indictments against the prisoner for embezzlement, and the prosecutors stated their loss at 320l.
