




107. 




THOMAS SHEARS
 and 




THOMAS THOMAS
 were indicted for

 stealing on the 
11th of November, 72 yards, of woollen cloth, value 25l.; and 3 yards of canvass, value 1s.; the goods of 



William Henry Gilbert, and others, Two other Counts stating it to belong to William Henry Gilbert, or 



William Sevill.







HENRY WRIGHT
. I am in the employ of Mr. Holmes, of Fore-street. On the 11th of November, I was in Little Moorfields, a little after eleven o'clock in the morning—I saw the two prisoner, and another there, walking round a cart—the one not yet in custody, got up in the cart, and tried to remove a truss—it was too heavy for him, and he got down again—he got up three times, and the third time he got it out; and with the assistance of Thomas, it was put on Shears's shoulders—all three went down New Union-street—the carman game out, and I told him of it—he went down New Union-street—went by Thomas, and the others, and caught Shears at the bottom, with it on his shoulders—I was at Guildhall, at Shears's examination, and Thomas was brought in there—he was found in Guildhall-yard, waiting there; and I know him to be the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILIPS. Q. Did you ever see them before? A. Never; there were not many persons about—Shears was taken up in about ten minutes—I had not lost sight of him more than two minutes—it was not in the market-place, but in Moorfields, opposite the back ware-house of Mr. Battey—there might be ten or twenty persona in the street—I believe Shears had on the same coat as he has now—he had a brown coat and dark trowsers, and a black, hat or cap, I cannot say which—my attention was chiefly directed to the man who west three times to the cart—I thought he was doing wrong, but there was nobody I could give an alarm to, except people passing—the houses are re-building—I thought the carman would be out in a few minutes—I do not know that I was flurried—Mr. Battey's warehouse door was not open—I meant to tell the carman—the man was in and out the cart three times—I was watching him altogether about five or six minutes—Shears turned round to have the property put on his back—I did not fear what passed between them—it was a little after eleven o'clock in the morning—any body could see it done.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Are you quite sure Thomas is the man? Yes, I am certian—I went with the carman before the Grand Jury—I do not recollect his saying, "Mind what you say—you know we are not sure Thomas was one of them"—so one said to me, "Let us be careful"—nothing of the sort was said to me, nor did I hear it said to any body.





STEPHEN AUSTIN
. I am in the employ of William Henry Gilbert, and his partners, of Blossoms'-inn-yard, Lawrence-lane. I had a cart in Little Moorfields—I was called by a boy and afterwards by Wright, and saw Shears carrying the bale now produced, which was consigned to Mr. Servil—it was under the care of Mr. Gilbert and others—the cart it was in belonged to them—I had it to deliver as their servant—it was directed to Mr. Sevill, 4, Coleman-street—I was to carry it there—Shears stopped through my calling after Thomas—Thomas and the other one west walking together behind Shears—when they saw me, Thomas coughed and waved his hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He waved his hand to you to be off, I suppose? A. No, he did not—he was behind Shears—Shears dropped the truss on the ground—he had dropped it off his shoulder before Thomas, coughed—he did not see him wave his hand—I lifted the truss into the cart—Sheats stopped when I was close to him—he was walking fast with the truss—he dropped it—he stopped, because I caught hold of him—he did not attempt to run—Thomas was within twenty yards of him at the time—I asked Shears what business he had

to take the truss out of the cart—he said he did not take it—I told him I knew he did—he said he did not—I was told he had taken it out, by a little boy—he said a man took it out, and seeing him with it, I told him he had taken it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was the man who coughed and waved his hand taken into custody? A. No—Thomas was taken in the afternoon—I did not say that we were not sure Thomas was one of them, not at any time—I swear positively I did not say any thing of the kind—he was taken into custody between one and two o'clock.





WILLIAM SEVILL
—I live at Gloucester. I was in London, and expected this truss, which contains three ends of broad cloth, from a manufacturer at Gloucester—it would come from the Blossoms Inn to me, if by that conveyance—I opened it at the warehouse—it was addressed to me, and corresponded with my invoice.





RICHARD HARDING
. I am an officer. I received the prisoner into custody, and produce the goods—the carman gave Shears into my custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you apprehend Thomas? A. Yes, in Guildhall-yard, about half-past one o'clock—Shears was there, having been examined—Thomas was waiting outside, and being identified, he was secured.

Shears's Defence. I was looking for a situation; and at the corner of Union-street two men employed me as a porter to carry the parcel.





THOMAS DAVIS
. I am a porter, and live at No. 12, Maze, Tooley-street. On the 11th of November, I was standing at the City end of Southwark-bridge, at near a quarter before ten o'clock, and saw Thomas—he called me over, and said, "Davis, have you any thing to do?"—I said, "No, except a job by-and-by"—he said, "Will you partake of a share of a pot of beer?"—we went down in a direction to London-bridge, by Billingsgate, to Tower-hill, and into the Minories, to the Woolpack public-house, kept by Jackson—we had a pot of beer there, drank that, and came back the same way as we went, as far as the King's Head, at the corner of Queen-street, Cheapside—we went in there at about twenty minutes after eleven o'clock, and stayed till about ten minutes after one o'clock, in company with four others—I am quite certain he was with me from ten o'clock in the morning till about one o'clock that day—I left him at the King's Head.

COURT. Q. What day of the week was it? A. Tuesday, the day after the Lord Mayor's-day—I had seen him about six months before—the other three persons in our company were John Murdock, he lives at No. 3, Friar's-alley, Upper Thames-street; Charles Palmer, who lives, I believe, at No. 81, Osman's-hill, Broadway, Westminster; and John Turner—I am an occasional porter, and always stand at the corner of the bridge, and there is a church clock handy, which I always hear strike—I went away with the prisoner, having nothing to do.





JOHN MURDOCK
. I am a porter, and live at No. 3, Friar's-alley, Thames-street I recollect, on the 11th of November last, seeing the prisoner Thomas at the foot of Southwark-bridge, on the City side, about a quarter before ten o'clock—Thomas Davis and him went away together towards London-bridge—I saw them come back together at twenty-five minutes before eleven o'clock. (Thomas Davis. It was a quarter after eleven o'clock.) Witness. At a quarter after eleven o'clock I went with them to the King's Head, at the corner of Queen-street, and remained with them till five minutes after one o'clock.


COURT. Q. What day do you say this was? A. On the 11th; I recollect the day, because I was at work in Bow-lane—I am no business; I look for jobs, whatever I can get to do—I had not a job at that time—I saw them go away—I did not go with them—I joined them afterwards—Davis called me over—I never saw the prisoner before—we sat and had three pots of beer between us three at the King's Head, at the corner of Queen-street—I did not go to more than one public-house—I am speaking of Thomas—I did not know him before—I have seen him drive his van.





CHARLES PALMER
. I am a labourer, and live at Westminster. On the 11th of this month, I was standing at Southwark-bridge, and saw the prisoner Thomas call Davis over to him, a little before ten o'clock—they went down towards London-bridge—I lost sight of them, and at twenty minutes after ten o'clock, I went to have refreshment at the King's Head—two witnesses who are here, were in the house, and Thomas and Davis came in together a few minutes after—I stayed there till twelve o'clock, and came out, leaving them there in company.

COURT. Q. Do you know Little Moorfields? A. No; I do not—I left the prisoner and Davis in the house—I recollect it was on the 11th, because it was the day after Lord Mayor's day—I was down at the bridge at the time—I stand there, looking for my living.





SAMUEL PARR
. I am a labourer at the water-side, and live at No. 36, Gardner's-lane, York-street, Westminster. I generally stand at the City side of Southwark-bridge—I recollect seeing the prisoner Thomas, on the 11th of November, about twenty or twenty-five minutes before twelve o'clock.

Q. Before eleven? A. Past eleven, they were in the King's Head public-house, at the end of Queen-street, facing Southward-bridge—he and Davis came in together, after I was in there—I had gone is for half a pint of beer—I came out as the clock was striking twelve, and left the prisoner there with Davis.

COURT. Q. How soon did you hear the prisoner was in custody? A. The same evening—I believe it was on the 11th, the same evening as we were drinking together—I was in the public-house with him the same morning, as I heard in the evening that he was in confinement.

JURY. Q. Is Thomas Thomas a porter? A. I do not know—I only know him from seeing him that day—I never saw him before, to my knowledge—I am certain he is the man.





JOHN TURNER
. I am a porter, and get my living by jobbing. I live in Tothill-court, Tothill-street, Westminster. I stand at the foot of South-wark-bridge—it is a place where porters stand—I only know the prisoner Thomas, by seeing him in the King's Head public-house, Queen-street—I went there on the 11th of November, at a quarter-past eleven o'clock, to get refreshment, as I am in the habit of going there to seek for work—the prisoner came in directly after—it might be five minutes or so after—I saw him come in, and David Thomas, I mean to say, Thomas Davis, was with him—I stayed there till about eleven o'clock, having my refreshment—I have to wait there sometimes—I am told to wait there—I came out about ten minutes past one o'clock—Thomas was gone before that—he might be gone five or six minutes before—not much longer than that—I went out soon after he went out—I had no acquaintance with him.

COURT. Q. Which is the proper name of the man, David Thomas, or Thomas Davis? A. Thomas Davis; I know his name—I was acquainted with him before—he is a porter—I never saw the prisoner Thomas before

that day—he was not a porter there—he went out, I dare say, about ten o'clock—I left at ten minutes after one o'clock—he had been in there from twenty minutes after eleven till about one o'clock, having a drop of beer with Thomas Davis—I did not join them—I was only facing them.





RICHARD HARDING

re-examined. Thomas was taken into custody on the 11th—the magistrate came to Guildhall, about a quarter to one—Thomas was apprehended from half-past one to a quarter to two o'clock, in the yard—I do not know the distance from Moorfields to Southwark-bridge—I went out of the justice-room door with the butcher boy and carman, and directly the lad got into the yard, there were a great number of people there—I said, "Look round, and see if you see him"—he looked towards King-street, and said, "There he is—that is him, in that white coat and black whiskers"—when I took hint, he said, what did I take him for—he said afterwards, that he could bring forty people to prove where he had been the whole of that day.





HENRY WEIGHT

re-examined. When I saw Thomas lift the truss out of the cart, he was dressed in a light coat, with large buttons on; knee breeches, (I think corded, it was a-light colour;) and ancle boots—not at all as he is at present—I was before the magistrate at Guildhall—the transaction happened a little after eleven o'clock—Thomas was brought in about half-past one or two o'clock—I have not a doubt of his being the man who helped the truss out of the cart—Little Moorfields is about three quarters of a mile from Southwark-bridge and Guildhall.





STEPHEN AUSTIN

re-examined. I am positive Thomas is one of the men I saw walking behind Shears—he was dressed in a fustian shooting coat, with large horn buttons—I have not the least doubt of his being the person.

JURY
to
DAVIS. Q. Are you acquainted with Shears? A. I never saw him in my life—when I saw Thomas in Thames-street, he was driving a van for Mr. Edmonds, of Creed-lane—I have seen him four or five times within the last few months.
(David Weway, ribbon-trimming manufacturer, No. 28, Nichol-street;—Hills, wife of—Hills, plasterer, King William-street, London-bridge; gave the prisoner Shears a good character; and Charles Thomas, of Princes-street, Finsbury; and William Bishop, porter, Holiday-yard, gave the prisoner Thomas a good character.)

SHEARS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined One Year.

THOMAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
