




1365. 




ROBERT LEWIS
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
6th of April, 2 sovereigns, 4 half-crowns, and 10 shillings, the monies of 



Elizabeth Wild: and 





JOHN GREENHAM



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






ELIZABETH WILD
. I am cook to Mr. Walker, of Chandos-street, Cavendish-square. On Saturday morning, the 6th of April, the prisoner Lewis came to sweep the kitchen chimney—I had two sovereigns, four half-crowns, and ten shillings, in a drawer in the kitchen, which was not locked—I had seen it safe on Friday afternoon—I left Lewis in the kitchen alone, for about two or three minutes at the outside—I missed all my money about eight o'clock that evening—next morning I got a policeman, and went to Chadwick, the prisoners' master—I saw Lewis there, and asked if he had opened any drawer to look for a fork, as the forks were kept in the next drawer to my money—he said he had not—I said I had lost some money, and suspected he had taken it—he said he had not—his master asked him to let him look in his pocket—he said, "I have got some money, but I found it"—his master said, "Where?"—he said, "Twisted up in a piece of paper by the Cross Keys mews"—he produced one sovereign, two half-crowns, and five shillings, being exactly half the money I had lost—I gave him in charge—Chadwick asked him how much money he found—he said he did not know, but that was all he had—Chadwick asked if he had told any body about it—he said he had told Greenham about it, and he (Greenham) was to have half of it that day.





BENJAMIN WILKINSON
.—I am foreman to Mr. Chadwick. Lewis was employed to sweep this chimney.





SAMUEL CHADWICK
. I am a master-sweep. Lewis was my apprentice—Greenham was also in my employ as a sweep—the prosecutrix complained on Sunday morning of her loss—I called Lewis up immediately—he denied all knowledge of it at first—I immediately searched him, and found a sovereign, two half-crowns, and five shillings—the servant said that was half what she had lost—I asked Lewis where he got it—he said he found it at the corner of Cross Keys mews, and afterwards said at the Cock and Lion, in Wigmore-street—I said, "Why did you not tell me immediately?"—he said, "I did not like to tell you, sir; I told Greenham"—I said, "What did he say?"—he said, "He asked me to give him half"—I then called

Greenham in, and asked if he had heard about Lewis finding any money on the Saturday—he said, "No, I know nothing about it"—I then said "Do you still deny it, Greenham?"—Lewis then said, "You know I told you, Green ham"—I said, "Do you deny it now?"—he said, "No, sir, it is of no use"—Lewis said he was to have half on the morrow, that he had not had it then—Wild gave Lewis in charge—Greenham subsequently admitted that he had had some of the money.





CHARLES TURNER
. I am a policeman. I was called in to Chadwick's—Lewis was first called up before the prosecutrix—she said, "You are the little boy that came to our house yesterday morning"—he said, "Yes—she asked him if he opened any drawer—he said he did not—I heard his say he had found the money, and that Greenham was to have part of it—Greenham denied it—he said, almost directly afterwards, that he had his part—at the station-house Greenham had a new pair of trowsers on, and he said he had bought them with some of the money—I found 2s. 6d. and 71/2d. no Greenham.

LEWIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years.

GREENHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 17,—



Confined Three Months.
(There was another indictment against Lewis.)

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

