





Second Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
624. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Strathern
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  STRATHERN
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Charles-street, New Kent-road. On the 15th of February, about a quarter to two o'clock, I was at the Old White Horse Cellar, Piccadilly


 - my handkerchief was safe a quarter of an hour before: I did not feel it taken, or see the prisoner till I was told my pocket was picked - I then turned round, and saw the prisoner in a gentleman's hands - he pointed to the pavement; I saw my handkerchief laying there, close to me - it has my initials on it; the gentleman is not here.
JAMES TALLY. I am nearly eleven years old; I go to church, and believe persons who tell lies will be punished in the next world. I was standing by the Old White Horse Cellar, against the lamp-post - the prosecutor was two yards from me; two boys were together - I saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and take the handkerchief out - he delivered it to the other boy; I sweep a crossing close by the place - I told a gentleman what I had seen, and he informed Mr. Strathern; two men laid hold of the two boys, one got away, and dropped the handkerchief on the ground - the prisoner was detained; I am sure he is the person who took it.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me near the gentleman's pocket? A. I saw you put your hand into the gentleman's pocket, and take out a handkerchief; you delivered it to the other, who dropped it.
JAMES FISHER. I am a Police-constable. I was called from the opposite side of the way; a gentleman had Smith in custody, and gave him in charge for stealing the handkerchief; he said nothing to it - I asked if any body had seen him do it, and Tally said he had - I have had the handkerchief ever since.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been on an errand for my master to Knightsbridge; I came Piccadilly way home - there was a crowd assembled at the coach office; I was passing through, a gentleman laid hold of me, and said I had stolen his handkerchief - I said I had not seen one; he gave me in charge - the gentleman then said, "I cannot swear I saw him near my pocket, nor did I feel any thing, but I have lost my handkerchief;" he had it then in his hand - the gentleman who took me laid hold of another lad, and let him go; as we went to the watch-house the Police-man told the lad he would get more by prosecuting me than if he was sweeping the crossing - I ask the prosecutor if he did not say so.
JAMES FISHER. On my oath I did not make use of those words, or any thing to that effect.
MR. STRATHERN. I did not hear the officer say any thing of the kind to the boy.


                  JAMES 
                  TALLY
               



            . I heard nothing of the sort said by any body.
Prisoner. If the Magistrate was brought forward, he could prove the same; you may be assured it is true - the Magistrate asked the lad the meaning of an oath; he said he did not know - then he said, "You would not take a false oath?" "No, (said he,) unless I could get any thing by it" - the Magistrate said, "Oh then, you would, would you, if you could get any thing by it?" the lad said,"No, I would not."


                  JAMES 
                  TALLY
               



            . I did not say so; I believe it would have been a wicked thing if I had said so.
Prisoner. The Magistrate heard it, and said I could put forth any thing of the kind here.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
