







958. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               




            , 
               
                  HENRY 
                  CHAPMAN
               




            , and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, 8 shirts, value 2l.; 1 cap, value 1s.; 5 pair of stockings, value 10s.; 3 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 2 collars, value 1s.; 3 towels, value 3s.; and 2 table-cloths, value 10s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Brown
               




            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer of Marylebone. On the 28th of June I saw the three prisoners coming down Tottenham-court-road; while I had my eye on them, I saw a little girl with a basket of linen on her head coming towards St. Giles's - they looked at her, and followed her, and I followed them - she walked on to the chapel, and put her basket down to rest - I saw Chapman go up and begin to talk to her - the other two were standing about ten yards off, one on one side, and the other on the other - I had before that met a person I knew, and took him with me - we watched them - Chapman talked with the little girl for five or six minutes - Taylor then went to Chapman, and put his hand to his hat, as if he knew him - in about two minutes Taylor took the basket from the ground, and they all walked together with the little girl down Tottenham-court-road - I followed them; and when I got to the corner of Goodge-street I met with two other persons I knew, and we all followed them to Sutton-street


 - the basket was put down at a public-house door, and one of the prisoners fetched out a pint of beer, which they all drank, and the pot was taken in again - the little girl then left them - Taylor took up the basket, and all the prisoners ran into Soho-square - I pursued them, with my friends - I took Chapman - Cooper took Williams - another man took Taylor, with the linen in his hand - the little girl came crying back, and I took her and the prisoners to the station-house - this is the basket - it contained the articles stated, but they were all given up, except this shirt and two pair of stockings.


                  SARAH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am nearly ten years of age - I know the nature of an oath - my father lives in College-street, Camden-town - my mother was ill, and I was sent with the basket containing the articles stated to St. Martin's-lane - I set down the basket, and Chapman, who appeared quite a gentleman by his dress, came up and said, "Is not that basket too heavy for you?" - I said, "No, Sir" - he said, "O yes it is; stop a minute, and I will give a man two-pence to carry it for you" - Taylor, who was dressed shabby, then came up and took the basket, and we all walked on till we came to the public-house, when Chapman (the gentleman) said, "Come, my lad, I will give you a pint of beer now;" and he sent Williams in for a pint - we drank it, and they sent me for a half-pennyworth of biscuits - I was afraid to go, and stood peeping round the corner - I saw them start with the basket - I went after them, and cried, and the officer came to me - he took me to the office, where the basket and linen were.
Williams. Q. Did I say any thing to you? A. You talked to Chapman all the way you went.



                  SARAH 
                  BROWN, sen
               



            . I am the wife of George Brown. This is the basket, and these are part of the property I sent by my child that day.
Taylor's Defence. I had no intention of stealing the things - I was employed to carry them.
Williams's Defence. I was coming down the road - I asked these men the way to Westminster Bridge; they said they would show me - we went to the house and had a pint of beer - I was then going on and was taken.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
CHAPMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
