





1643. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BIRD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of July
, 1 waistcoat, value 6d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s., and 3 towels, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Grogan
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  GROGAN
               



            . I am the wife of John Grogan. On the 16th of July I was out with my husband; he got a little too much to drink - when we got back to Charles-street, Drury-lane


, where we live, I went up stairs first, and opened the door; the prisoner, who was near the street door, accosted my husband, and offered to help him up stairs - he came up with my husband, sat down in a chair by the side of the bed, and entered into frivolous ignorant conversation, and offered to send for liquor, which was not accepted; my husband insisted he should go out; he went to the door, and then turned back again - my husband fell asleep, and the prisoner turned to me and said, "Deliver me that gown;" I refused, and received a blow from him, which knocked me down; he seized my arm, and got the gown, then put his hand into his pocket, took out a clasp-knife, and said if I said a word he would rip my bl-y g-ts out; he took my gown, shawl, a sheet, two Prayer-books, a plate, my husband's spectacles, three towels, two handkerchiefs, a dishful of beans and bacon, four knives, two forks, a teaspoon, and almost every thing I had; I was so exhausted, so weak, and low, I was incapable of alarming my husband, and was in bodily fear; he went down stairs, came back,and took the remainder of the articles - as soon as I was able I alarmed my husband.
Prisoner. Q. When I came into the court, was not you laying down in a scaudalous state of intoxication, at the foot of the stairs, quarreling with your neighbours, and I helped you up; you said you should like to go to bed; I helped your husband to take your gown off? A. I was not intoxicated.
JOHN GROGAN. I have heard my wife's evidence - the prisoner was in the room; I put him out, and then fell asleep; when I awoke my wife informed me of the loss - I looked and missed all the property.
WILLIAM FOWLIS. I lodge in Bull's-Head-yard. I was standing at my door, which is next to the prosecutor's; I saw the prisoner come down the prosecutor's stairs with an apron full of something; he took them across to an opposite room, in which room I saw the officer take him next morning; I saw him afterwards on that day going out of that room, with a man and woman who lodge there, with a bag, which appeared bulky.


                  JOHN 
                  JEANS
               



            . I lodge in Bull's-Head-yard. On Saturday, the 16th of July, I saw the prisoner take a bundle of things into the opposite room.


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  HORNCASTLE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner on Sunday, the 17th of July, in the room; I found this knife on him.
CHARLOTTE GROGAN. It was a knife of that description he pulled out.
Prisoner. That knife was never in my possession - I never gave her a blow.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 61. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
