



614. 




CHARLES COLLIS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of August, at 
St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, 39 sovereigns, and 6 half-sovereigns, the monies of 



Catherine Hayward, in her dwelling-house.






CATHERINE HAYWARD
. I live in Old Pye-street, Westminster. The prisoner lodged in my house about eight months, and left in August, 1836, when I was going for some vegetables, and asked him to mind the place while I went—he said he would—that was about eight o'clock in the evening—I returned in a quarter of an hour, and he was gone, and the dog was gone, which I had left chained to the bed, close to my box—the dog was loosened from the chain, and put out of doors—the doors of the house were on the latch, and my box was broken open—an iron bar laid by the tide of it, which it had been done with, and my money was gone—I lost thirty-two sovereigns and six half-sovereigns—I did not see the prisoner again till he was in custody this year.

Prisoner. Q. Three or four months previous to the time you say you were robbed, did not you lodge some money in the Bank? A. Never.





JAKE BRADY
. I am the wife of Edward Brady, and live in George-street The prosecutrix came to me about half-past eight o'clock in the evening she was robbed, crying—I live not far from her—I had seen the prisoner that evening, about ten minutes after eight o'clock, run past my door—I said, "Charles, what are you running for?"—he said, "Let me go," and presently Mrs. Hayward came up.





JAMES FINCH
. I live at No. 37, Old Pye-street. I remember the evening the prosecutrix was robbed, but I did not know any thing of it till the day after when she told me of it—I saw the prisoner coming down St. Ann's-lane one evening, eighteen months afterwards, and I said, "Halloo, Charley!"—he said, "Halloo, Bill! for God's sake do not betray me, for I am in your hands"—I had heard of the robbery before that—I am Mrs. Hayward's son—I said, "I heard you were gone to Liverpool"—he said, "I went to Bristol"—I asked where he lived then—he said, "In St. Giles's"—a man and woman came up the street, and he went into a corner to make water—the woman hallooed out to the man," Come on, George"—he thought she was speaking to him, and he spoke to her—he took hold of my hands, and said, "Good bye!" and ran into Davis's house, saying he was going to see his brother—I went home, and told my mother, and he was taken into custody by Pike.

Prisoner. Q. Were you not tried about fourteen months ago in this

Court, for stealing a handkerchief? A. Yes, but I was acquitted—I was in the House of Correction once, but only for begging.





WILLIAM PIKE
. I am a policeman. I went after the prisoner, and took him into custody—he resisted violently—it took three of us to take him to the station-house.

Prisoner. Q. Was I sober? A. You were the worse for liquor.

Prisoner's Defence. On the evening Mrs. Hayward was robbed, she asked me to mind her place—I said I would stop if she was not long; but she stopped longer than I thought she would.

MRS. HAYWARD
re-examined. Q. Did he say he would stop, if you did not stop too long? A. He said he would stop till I came in.

Prisoner. I told her I would stop if she was not long—she did not come, and I fastened up the room door, and the hall door, and put the outside door on the latch, that she might open it—I slept at Hammersmith that night—I get my living by recitations at public houses, and generally go down in the summer into the country.

Witness. He had lodged with me about eight months—he had given me no notice to quit.

Prisoner. I was only paying my lodging by the night, and could go away at any time.

Witness. He owed me 1s. 8 1/2 d. when he left.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.
