



168. 




SAMUEL TRIPP
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of November, at 
Charlton, Kent, 1 ewe, price 30s., the property of 




Arthur Drummond, clerk.






JOHN LONGHURST
. I am gardener to the Reverend Arthur Drummond, at Charlton, in Kent. On Saturday, the 1st of November, I had twelve sheep of his under my care—they were kept in a field behind the house—it is enclosed with a hedge, except where there are a few hurdles at one side—I saw them all twelve about four o'clock in the afternoon of Saturday—I did not miss any till the middle of the next day (Sunday)—I then missed one ewe—the policeman afterwards produced a skin to me—I knew it to be the skin of my master's sheep—(looking at it)this is it—it is all full of maggots now—I examined it the day it was found (on the Sunday)—it is marked "A. D.," which is the way master's sheep are all marked—I saw the carcass of a sheep at the office at Greenwich, and saw it compared with the skin, and the feet also—I saw the legs of the carcass compared with the feet, and they fitted in exactly—one shoulder and one leg fitted in with the feet—they had formed part of the same sheep—I am quite sure it is the skin of one of his sheep—the shoulder and leg which remained of the carcass fitted the skin—the same policeman has it—it is not fit to produce now—I was quite confident it was the skin of master's sheep—I could swear to it—we had the sheep since the 15th of August—I was familiar with them—they were branded by us, and there was a slight mark of Sir Thomas Wilson's still on the skin—master bought them of him.





THOMAS CANNON
. I am a policeman. On Sunday, the 2nd of November, I was on duty at Blackheath, and saw the prisoner in the Dover-road, between two and three o'clock in the morning, coming towards London, in a direction from Charlton, about three-quarters of a mile from where the sheep was killed—I know Mr. Drummond's house—it was about three-quarters of a mile from there—he bad two bundles slung over his shoulder, one in front and one behind—I asked him where he came from that morning—he said he came from Dartford—I asked what he had got in the bundles—he said clothes—I felt the bundle on his back—it felt different to clothes—it was of a harder substance—I said I wished to see what it contained—he made no answer, and I took the bundle off his shoulder—I found it contained the carcass of mutton, warm—it appeared to be recently killed—it was the two hind-quarters—I afterwards examined the other bundles—they contained the two fore-quarters—they appeared warm also, and to be part of the same sheep—I asked Mm how he came by the mutton—he refused to give any account of it—he said nothing when I asked the question, but started, with the intention of making his escape—I secured him, and prevented him—I took him to the station-house with the assistance of another constable—I went to Charlton to make inquiry about the sheep the same morning—I found the skin, head, and feet and entrails, in one of Mr. Drummond's fields—I observed shoemarks in that field, and also in the adjoining field, which was a ploughed field—they led in a direction towards the Dover-road—it was only the foot-marks of one man—I showed the feet of the sheep to Longhurst, and saw them fitted to the meat and skin—the bones were cut away from the joints to compare them, and one in particular has been broken and fitted exactly—in my judgment they formed part of the same legs—I also compared the skin with the quarters of mutton; it appeared to fit.






DANIEL RIORDON
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on Blackhealth on Sunday morning—Cannon called me to his assistance—I helped him to take the prisoner—the prisoner seemed to put his hands into his pocket—he put one hand into his right hand trowsers pocket—I took it out, and found a knife in his pocket; it was smeared with blood and grease, and his boots were bloody; and a lump of what seemed, to be mutton fat was on his boots—I saw the bones compared with the feet—they seemed to correspond—about six o'clock that morning I took the prisoner's boot, and compared it with the foot-marks in the field adjoining to where the sheep were kept, and two or three marks in the same field, and leading towards the Dover-road—I fitted the boot to the marks, and found the impression of the nails corresponding with the nails of the boot, and also in the size of it—I counted the nails, and they corresponded.

COURT. Q. Was the ground wet? A. No, it was ploughed ground—I put the boot down on the marks, and saw they corresponded—I did not make a mark with the boot by the side of the old mark—I laid it on the mark I saw—I showed Larking the carcass I found on the prisoner.





THOMAS LARKING
. I am a constable of Greenwich, and a butcher by trade. The carcass of a sheep was produced to me by the police-officer, at the magistrate's office, on Monday, the 3rd of November—the sheep was not slaughtered in a butcher-like fashion.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Life.

Third Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.

