





2373. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     NICHOLSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, 4 shillings, and 21/2d., the monies of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Higgins
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HIGGINS
               



            . I live in Somers'-street, Bethnalgreen, and am a sawyer
. At one o'clock in the morning of the 20th of September I met the prisoner in Bishopsgate-street


; she asked me to go home with her - I refused - while we were talking she took hold of my hand, and felt my waistcoat and trousers pocket - we talked for a minute; I was then going home, and found I had no money; the Policeman soon after stopped me, and asked what I had lost; I said 4s. or 5s.; he told me to go on one side of the way; he went on the other, and we found the prisoner - I had 4s. and some halfpence in my pocket, and it was all gone.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



             (Police-constable H 91.) I was at the top of White Lion-street - I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor on the opposite side of the way, in Norton-falgate; I saw the prisoner leave him; I had suspicion. and asked if he had lost any thing; we took the prisoner near Spitalfields-market; I told her I wanted her for robbing a person in Norton-falgate - she denied it, but I saw her hand was closed - I seized it, and took out of it 4s. and come halfpence; she said, "Give me 2s., and I will throw it away, and that will puzzle him;" I said I would not - she then said, "Throw it all away, or give it to me, and I will;" I said I would not; she said "Then it will lag me."
Prisoner. I was counting some money when he came up; the prosecutor said he had lost 5s. or 6s.; I had 41/2d. in my hand, and three half-crowns - I had changed a 5s. piece. Witness. She said so at the office, but not before.
Prisoner. The prosecutor said I was not the girl, and then he said I was; I told him to go to Mr. Fulcher's, and inquire if a girl had not changed a crown piece.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
