



1412. 




JAMES MANNING
 was indicted

 for that he, on the 
20th of May, at 
St. Sepulchre, feloniously did forge a request for the delivery of goods, to wit, 28lbs. weight of hyson tea, and 28lbs. weight of flowery pekoe tea, with intent to defraud 



Bernard Bedwell and others.—2nd COUNT, for feloniously offering, uttering, disposing, and putting off a like forged request, well knowing it to be forged, with a like intent.







EDWARD EDMONDS
. I am in the employ of Bernard Bedwell, Phillip Bedwell, and Charles Yates, wholesale grocers, St. John-street, Spa-fields. On the 20th of May the prisoner came to the warehouse at a quarter after five o'clock in the evening—he brought a letter, which I produce—it was wafered—it was directed to the firm—I asked him if it was an order—he said it was, and asked if there was time to get a permit that evening—I told him that there was: we could draw a permit until seven o'clock—he said, "Will the goods be ready in half an hour? we are going to Cripplegate-buildings, and will call as we come back"—(he had a porter with him with a knot)—the note was opened in the prisoner's presence, and he said he would come for them in half an hour—I said they would be ready—the note was opened by Hodson, but in the prisoner's presence I am certain—it was not read in his hearing—they went away, leaving the note—when they were gone, I examined it more particularly—it purports to come from John Goodhart, of Lamb's Conduit-street, who is a customer of ours—it was spelt Goodheart, instead of hart—in consequence of that I sent to Mr. Goodhart by our porter, Wilson; and Wicks, one of his shopman, came—the note was returned to me before the prisoner returned, and when he came, he asked if the things were ready—I said, "Yes; walk in, we wish to speak to you respecting this letter"—I handed him into our show-room, and shut the door—I called in Duncan, one of our clerks, and told Goodhart's young man to go into the show-room to him, which he did, bat I was not present there—I went about five minutes, and he said Mr. Wilson gave him the letter—he did not say who he was, or where he lived—he had seen the order at that time.

Prisoner. Q. When I came back, I asked him if Wilson had not called there. Witness. He did not—to my belief, Wilton's name was never mentioned till after I went into the show-room.





THOMAS DUNCAN
. I am a clerk to Mr. Bedwell. I was in the ware-house when the prisoner came back—I had seen the order in the mean time—I went into the show-room with him—the note was there—Mr. Goodhart's clerk came into the room—the order was presented to the prisoner—he took it in bis hand, and read it—he was asked if he had brought that order—he said he had—he was asked what he was going to do with the goods—he said he had received the order from a person named Wilson—that the goods were to be taken up to Mr. Goodhart's, and Wilson would arrive there before him—when Goodhart's young man came in, the prisoner said to him." Mr. Wicks, how do you do? "and at that moment became embarrassed, and said, "I hope you will forgive me"—he was asked if he knew the order was a forged one—he said he was not aware, of it, as he did not write it—that he received it from Wilson, at the bottom of Charterhouse-lane—the goods would have come to 20l. or 24l.

Prisoner. Q, I suppose all this took place in the presence of Goodhart's young man? A. Not all—I do not recollect your saying you hoped he would forgive you as you did not know it was forged—there were two perin the room besides myself part of the time.





RICHARD JOHN GOODHART
. I live in Lamb's Conduit-street. I did not write this note, nor is the signature mine—I have no partner—there is

nobody in my house authorized to issue orders in my name, without putting "pr., procuration"—it is not the handwriting of any body in my employ—there is nobody named Wilson in my business—I did not expect such a person at my house that afternoon—I know the prisoner by his calling at my house to see Wicks, my shopman, two years ago—I have not seen him since—I do not know what he is—I never had any dealings with him—I have dealt with the prosecutors for seven or eight years—I never spell my name with an e (order read.)
"Gentlemen,—Please to send by bearer the following goods, the best quality—and lowest price, only the description marked on the parcel—28 hyson, 28 flowery pekoe.—Your most obedient servant, John Goodheart, Lamb's Conduit-street."





RICHARD BROWN
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner—he said nothing to me.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I request you to go where Wilson had appointed to meet me ? A. No; he never mentioned a word to me about him, nor any thing else—he never spoke a word to me, except that he wished to speak to Mr. Goodhart's clerk, and I let him stop to speak to him.

Prisoner to
DUNCAN. Q. Did I give you a description of Wilson? A. No; he said he was to meet Wilson that evening, at nine o'clock, in Wood-street, but gave no description of what part of the street.

Prisoner's Defence. On the 20th of May, as I was proceeding to the west end of the town, I promiscuously met Wilson on the other side of Smithfield, and a porter with him. I had not seen him for some months—he appeared in a great hurry—after a few minutes' conversation he requested me to deliver the note for him—I said I would—he gave me the note and said, "The porter will go with you; I am in an immediate hurry, I am going down Cheapside into Wood-street"—I understood he meant to say he lived in Wood-street—he said he would meet me there in three-quarters of an hour, and if not between eight and nine o'clock—I never knew where he lived, except that he told me the last time I saw him that he lived at Barnet; and likewise at some other part of the country—when I took the note to Bedwell and Yates, I delivered it to the young man—I was going away—he directly opened it, and said, "Who is it from?"—I said, "From a young man"—I don't recollect that I mentioned the name at the moment—I was asked whether it was private or an order—I said I supposed it was an order—the porter was standing at the door, and said, "Mr. Wilson will be waiting for you; if you will go down, it is the first house on the left-hand side"—I had before asked Wilson which house it was, and he said the first house after coming out of Cripplegate—I went down there and waited half or three-quarters of an hour, but did not see him—I returned again, and was going to the west end of the town—Mr. Bedwell's house was just in the direction I was going—I went in, to ask if Wilson had called there, as he had told me he should call there after meeting a friend in Wood-street—I did not ask if Wilson had been there, but if the young man had been there—one of the young men laid his hand on me, and said, "I want to speak to you"—I walked into the room—they questioned me respecting the contents of the note, which I acknowledged I did not know—after their explaining to me the contents of it, I said I did not know the particulars, but, meeting him with an apron on, I supposed it was an order—when I came back I was detained—the porter was standing at the door when I came in, but he was not the man who was with Wilson when I first met him—if they had stopped that man as well as me, he could have

explained where he met Wilson, and given the full particulars; for I suppose he bad been waiting there all the time I was absent, which was three-quarters of an hour—when I saw the porter there I did not know at the moment whether he was the man who bad been with Wilson; but they said, "There is a porter outside; is he the man?"—I said I had not seen him, and one of the young men said he had run away—I certainly said I hoped they would forgive me for receiving the note, as I did not know it was forged—being so well acquainted with Mr. Goodhart's name, I knew how to spell it as well as my own—it would be most unlikely I should spell his name wrong if I had written it.




GUILTY
 on the Second Count. Aged 28.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
