




906. The said 




ROBERT PHILLIPS
 and 



GEORGE WATTS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of January, 1 waistcoat, value 6s., the goods of 



Richard Scott.






RICHARD SCOTT
. I missed this black waistcoat on the 26th—it is mine, and is worth 12s.

Phillips. I did not take it—Carman took it one morning, while I was opening the shop, and Mr. Alnett took something—I think it was a coat they said if I said any thing, they would tell my master.






JOSEPH NUGENT
. I am shopman to James Causton, of Mount-street Lambeth. I produce this waistcoat—I took it in of Watts, on the 26th, of January.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Had you known Watts before? A. No—he brought it open in the shop—I asked him where he brought it from—he said he pledged it for his brother—I stated that at the police office—I did not ask him who his brother was—I asked where he lived and whether he was a housekeeper or a lodger—I put nothing down—you will find L printed on the corner of the ticket—there is L for lodger, and H for housekeeper—we never give that to a person who says be is a housekeeper—it is put down where his brother lived—we never take in a pledge of a boy under fourteen—I will not swear I asked him if he was fourteen—I think I did, because it is our general practice—I live about forty doors from Mr. Scott, or more than that.





RICHARD SCOTT
. This is the Magistrate's writing, and the prisoner signed it—(read)—"The prisoner Watts says, "I had the waistcoat of Phillips, and pawned it, and we shared the money."

Phillips. I gave the waistcoat to Watts to pawn, and I had a share of the money.

Phillips to
JAMES ALLNETT. Q. You took a coat, and said if I did not give you something, you would have me transported? A. No, I did not—this is the first time I spoke to him in my life—I never was near the house at all.

Phillips. I did not give Watts this one—this is the one Carman had—that I gave Watts was a coloured one.

PHILLIPS—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.

WATTS—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

