




2344. 




THOMAS DAWSON
 and 



JOSEPH WIRE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of October, 1 gelding, price 6l.; 1 horse-cloth, value 2s.; and 1 roller, value 1s.; the goods of 



John Braid.






JOHN BRAID
. I am a cabman, and live in Rawstorne-street, St. John-street-road. On the 18th of October I employed the prisoner Dawson to exercise a horse for me—he did not bring it back—in consequence of information I received I caused the two prisoners to be apprehended—the horse was worth 6l.—I did not authorise the prisoners or anybody to make sale of it—I only employed Dawson.

Dawson. Q. Did you not call me out of the public-house, on Thursday evening, and say I might sell it for 25s., and all I got above that I might keep? A. No, I never said so to any person—the horse was never to be sold—I never had such a thought—I asked you if you would lead it up and down to exercise, as you were almost starving, and wanted something to eat—the horse was in a very bad state—I did not tell you to take it to the knacker's and get it killed—it was not worth 6l. in the state it was then—it was worth nothing hardly at that time, but it would have been when it got well—it had been a very good horse, but had had a misfortune and fallen down—I gave you some halfpence to lead it about—I had employed you several times before.

Wire. Q. At the time you gave Dawson the horse, did you see me

with it? A. I saw you standing at the corner with it—I saw you inside the public-house and outside too.

Dawson. He brought the horse out of a livery stable, and told me to see it killed, and bring a bit of his ear back, to show that it had been killed. Witness. I did not mention such a thing to him, nor to any other person—it is not usual to have the ear back unless it is a favourite horse.





THOMAS MORGAN
. I am a farrier, and live in Three Tun-court, Bun-hill-row. On the 18th of October I met the prisoners together in White-cross-street—Dawson called me by the name of "farrier" knowing me to be one, and said he was going to take a horse to the knacker's, and asked me the best place to take it to—I said my master sent his to Towell's—he is in the habit of buying horses at the point of death—I went with him to Towell—he asked 35s. for it, and Mrs. Towell gave him 30s.—Dawson gave a correct account where the horse came from—Wire waited outside the house—he told me not to say any thing to Wire unless he asked, and if he should, I was to say he sold it for 26s., but I said nothing about it.

Wire. Q. Did I ask you any thing concerning the horse? A. No—you remained at the top of the street a good way off—you saw the horse go down the street to the knacker's—you joined Dawson after it was sold, and you went away together.





MARY ANN TOWELL
. I am the wife of Henry Towell, a horseslaughterer, in Bowling-street, Clerkenwell. On the evening of the 18th of October, the prisoner Dawson came with Morgan—Dawson asked if Mr. Towell was at home—I said he was not—he said he had brought a horse for sale—I asked who it belonged to—he said to his master, a tradesman living at No. 4, Old-street—I asked his name—he said, Mr. Braid—I asked what he wanted for the horse—he said 35s.—I said it was not worth that, and gave him 30s. for it.

Wire. Q. Did you see me at all? A. No.





JOHN MARTIN
 (police-constable G 127.) I apprehended Dawson in consequence of information—I found 3s. 2d. on him—Wire had 1s. 11 1/2 d.





FREDERICK MILES
 (police-sergeant G 14.) I took Wire into custody.





JOHN BRAID
 re-examined. I am quite certain I did not authorise Dawson to sell it at all—it was not fit for my work, but I did not mean to have it slaughtered—I meant to keep it to get better—the knee was cut very badly—I could have worked it in less than six months, or I should have slaughtered it.

Dawson. If it had been cured-it would have had a stiff joint. Witness. I am quite positive I never authorised him to sell it—it had been having physic, and I gave it him to walk up and down Old-street—I have known him about twelve months—I have not employed him often—only he came to me and said he was starving, and should be glad if I would give him a few pence to lead the horse about.

Dawson. I was not starving—I have kept you instead of your keeping me—I have paid for his bed when he was sleeping in a stable, Witness I never had any thing to do with him—I never wanted a bed in my life—he never lent me any money—he was in the habit of taking cabs from our stand and leaving them at different stands—I have not sold the horse for 30s.—I have trusted it to a person, named Match, to sell it for what he could get for it since.

Dawson. He wanted me to lead it about as he had repented of his bargain, and wished me to do the best I could with it. Witness. I did not—I only trusted it to him to exercise—I have not sold it to Ford a


knacker—I do not know what the person I gave it to has done—I had the prisoner taken up the same night.

Dawson, He was out with his cab—I should have made the money up in the morning—we were like brothers together. Witness. We were not—I do not know what has become of the roller and clothing of the horse.

MRS. TOWELL
re-examined, I had nothing to do with the roller and cloth.





THOMAS MORGAN

re-examined. I saw Dawson with the roller and cloth when he came from the knacker's a little after seven o'clock.





JOHN MARTIN

re-examined. I took him about eleven o'clock—both the prisoners were together at a soup-shop in Smithfield.

Dawson. I cannot say where the horse-cloth was—I had it with me when I went into the public-house—whether I left it there or at the shop, I cannot say.

Wire. I saw a man named Graves rolling and buckling the horsecloth up.





JOHN BRAID

re-examined. They could have found me half an hour after the horse was sold—I heard of it in half an hour—I was at work with my cab when Morgan came and told me.

DAWSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 28. 


Transported for Ten Years.

WIRE—


NOT GUILTY
.
