








2138. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WARD
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     PICKARD
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     FOLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of September

, 6 pairs of shoes, value 12s.
            , the goods 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hayhow
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     SUMMERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  HENRY 
                  LEE
               



             (Police-constable K 262). On the 2nd of September I saw Ward in High-street, Shadwell



; Pickard and Foley were on the other side of the way - they were about fifty yards from the prosecutor's; that was about half-past nine o'clock, and about ten I saw Pickard and Foley at Mr. Thomas' shop; Ward was going towards Cannon-street - I then lost sight of them till I received in formation that Ward had gone up Twinecourt, with something in an apron; I went there, and saw Ward come out of a house - I asked what he had had in his apron, and had taken into that house; he said, Nothing - I went into the house, and saw Pickard trying to get under the bed, and Foley ran up stairs; Summers was in bed - I sent for an officer, who found some shoes in the bed, which could not have been put in while I was there; I did not see Summers touch them.


                  GEORGE 
                  DEWPEN
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I was in Mr. Tilley's shoe shop, in Ratcliff-highway, on the 7th of September; I saw Pickard and Foley handling the shoes - I went and told Mr. Tilley to give notice to the Police-officer - Pickard and Foley then walked away - I afterwards saw them in company with Ward in the highway; Ward said to them, "Run down Union-street, and meet me in the alley;" he then had a black apron on, which he was holding up before him.
Ward. He must have been very close to me to see what I had in my apron - it was a few French beans.
Witness. I cannot say what he had got; he met some girl of the town, and showed her what he had got.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OSMAN
               



             (Police-constable K 61). I assisted Lee at the house in Twine-court; I found six pairs of shoes in the bed, and Summers was laying with the calves of her legs over them - I asked her how they came there; she denied knowing any thing about them; but afterwards said that Ward brought them, and flung them into the bed where she was - Ward was sitting on the bed at the time.
JOHN HOBBS. I am foreman to Mr. William Hayhow, a shoemaker, in Ratcliff-highway. These are his property.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BRETT
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Hayhow. These shoes were hanging on his door-post; I saw them safe at half-past eight o'clock.
Ward's Defence. No one saw me with the property, nor with these two boys; when the officer saw me, he asked what I had in my apron - I said Nothing; he knocked first at one door, and then at another, and when Foley opened a door, he ran in, and said, "This is the house you came out of."
Foley's Defence. The officer stated at the Thames Police-office that I ran up stairs; but instantly I opened the door, he laid hold of me, and said there is another of them - I had been with Pickard, and left him, and went home to go to bed; he then came again to ask me to go to swim; I knew nothing of Ward till the officer brought him in.
WARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
FOLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PICKARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Fined 1s.
             and Discharged.
SUMMERS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
