





OLD COURT. FRIDAY, JANUARY 4TH.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
296. 
               
                  
                     SABIN 
                     GREY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, at St. Marylebone, 1 purse, value 1s., and 10 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Francis 
                           Arundell
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Raymond Arundell
                     



.


                  CHARLES 
                  FRANCIS ARUNDELL
               



            . I am a solicitor
, and was living at the house of my brother, 
               
                  Henry 
                  Raymond Arundell
               



            , Montague-place, St. Marylebone


; I employed the prisoner as an errand boy
 for about two years - he cleaned my boots, and attended on me. On Tuesday, the 3rd or 4th of December, he came into my bed-room in the morning, before I was up; I had placed my purse, containing ten sovereigns, on my dressing-table: I think he came into the room twice that morning - when I got up, I found my boots were not cleaned, and he was not in the house - he did not return; I saw nothing of him till he was apprehended - I missed my purse and money about five or six o'clock in the evening; I found it was not in my pocket, and I thought I had left it on the dressing-table: I went to look for it, and it was not there - the prisoner was taken into custody while I was out of town.


                  CHARLES 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a Policeman. On Thursday evening, the 6th of December, about nine o'clock, I was called into Mr. Arundell's house, to take the prisoner - Mr. Arundell's brother gave him into my charge with a purse, containing five sovereigns and some silver, which I produce; on taking him to the station-house, I told him I thought he had got a very bad connexion, which he denied - I asked what he had done with the remainder of the ten sovereigns; he said he had bought the clothes which he had on, and some segars and wine: I told him it was a bad job - he asked if it was too late to mend; I said, "I think not."


                  THOMAS 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am a wine-porter. I had information where the prisoner was gone, he had absconded with a young man in my service - I found them together at the house of one Solomon; I brought them both away: I asked the prisoner coming along what he had done with Mr. Arundell's purse - I said, Sabin, "How could you do so?" he cried very much; I said the Police were out after him - he did not deny it at all, but gave up the purse with five sovereigns in it, and I delivered it up to Mr. Arundell's brother.
MR. ARUNDELL. This is my purse; the prisoner behaved well before.
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.
GUILTY. Aged 15.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
