





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1533. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of June
, 1 tin box, value 7s.; 3 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and one 100l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas George 
                           Fletcher
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GEORGE FLETCHER
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in Bedford-street, Commercial-road


. On the 27th of June, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was at dinner in the room behind the shop; the prisoner came to the parlour door, touched his hat, and asked if I knew any body who wanted a young man - I was surprised to see him, as he was not dressed like a butcher; my lad came in at the same time, and said, "You have taken my master's cash-box;" I then went into the shop, collared him, and saw my cash-box on a board under the desk in the shop - he resisted, and said he did not take it, then went on his knees, and begged me to forgive him; my box had been moved out of my desk, and placed on the board; it was locked, and nothing taken out of it - it contained a 100l. note, three sovereigns, and a half-sovereign; I had left it in the desk, which was open.


                  JAMES 
                  GILES
               



            . I am sixteen years old, and am servant to Mr. Fletcher. Master sent me out; I left nobody in the shop - I returned in about five minutes, and saw the prisoner up at the further corner of the shop, where the desk was; as soon as he saw me come into the shop he placed something down on the board under the desk; I could not see what it was, as he stood before it; he then threw a handkerchief over it - I took a loaf into the room, which I had been to fetch; I turned my head, and saw the end of the cash-box under the handkerchief; I said he had got my master's cash-box - he then took the handkerchief off, came to the door, put his hand to his hat, and asked master if he knew any body who wanted a young man; I told master what he had taken - he got up, and collared him: the box was not on the board when I went out; it was kept in the desk.
Prisoner. Q. Was not I away from the desk when you came into the shop? A. No, he was against the desk.


                  JAMES 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was sent for, and found the prisoner in the act of imploring forgiveness; he went on his knees, and said he would do so no more if Mr. Fletcher would forgive him - he attempted to strangle himself in the watch-house, and was obliged to be bled to restore life.
Prisoner's Defence. I was looking for a situation, and went into this shop to make inquiry; the boy came in - the box stood on the block, but I took no notice of it; the boy said I had stolen it, and his master collared me - I had not touched it.
MR. FLETCHER. Here is the box - I have taken the note out, and paid it away to Mr. Hill in Smithfield; theMagistrate said I might do so; the same three sovereigns and a half are in it.
JURY. Q. Have you any proof that the 100l. note was in it? A. I opened it at the office - I am sure it was in it.




               GUILTY of stealing under the value of 5l.
             Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
