





868. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS WILLIAM 
                     PEPPERS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 15th of November
, feloniously did forge an order for the payment of money
            , which is as follows, viz:-
20, Birchin-lane, 15th November, 1832
.
Messrs. Williams, Deacon, Labouchere, Thornton and Co., pay Mr. Reading, or bearer, fifty-five pounds.
£55. ROBINSON, HAMILTON and Co. with intend to defraud 
               

                        Robert 
                        Williams
                     



and Co






            .
SECOND COUNT, for uttering the same, with a like intent.
TWO OTHER COUNTS, calling it a warrant, instead of an order.
THREE OTHER COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 
               
                  
                     George Brown 
                     Robinson
                  



               
             and another.
EIGHT OTHER COUNTS, omitting to set out the instrument.
MESSRS. BODKIN and LEE conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN ROBINSON
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in the City - my bankers are Messrs. Williams, Deacon and Co. About the end of October the prisoner introduced himself to me by a letter of introduction; he came to my counting-house one day, about the end of November, and asked me if I could negociate bills on his father's house for 150l.; he said his father carried on business at Rotterdam - while he was there stamps were sent out for, to draw the bills on, and they were drawn in my presence - these are the bills which he drew; after they were drawn he asked me if I would be kind enough to negociate them, and give him the money for them - I said, I did not know his father's house; - I made inquiry, and could hear nothing of that house, and refused to advance him money on them - he came again on the 13th (the next day), and asked me to let him have 20l. on the bills, and I gave him a cheque on my bankers for that amount; this is the cheque - he said he wanted the 20l. to go down to Brighton, with a friend; I drew the cheque in his presence, and he wrote his name on the back - I went with him and showed him the banking-house, and left him there; on the 15th he called again, between twelve and one o'clock, and asked me to allow him a sheet of paper to write a letter - I gave him one, and he wrote a letter at the same table as I sat at; he sat opposite to me - my cheque-book laid on the table, at my side; after he had written the letter I had occasion to leave the room, leaving my cheque-book in the place I have stated - I went up stairs, leaving the cheque-book within his reach; this is the cheque-book - my clerk sat with his back to him; I returned in a few minutes - I found him there, and the cheque-book where I had left it; I then showed the prisoner the Bank and Lloyd's, and other places, and, on parting with him, I promised to get him a ticket for the Lord Mayor's ball, which was that night or the next night; there was not the slightest intimation from him that he was going to leave the country - I received information the same day from Messrs. Williams, and, in consequence of a description given me by the clerk, I gave directions that the prisoner should be given into custody; inquires were made after him without  effect - the ticket for the ball was to be sent to him at the Royal-hotel, St. James'; application was made for him there, but we could hear nothing of him - this cheque -(looking at it) is not in my hand-writing; I believe the body of it to be the hand-writing of the prisoner - I believe the whole to be his hand-writing; it says 55 pound, leaving out the s; the word pound is spelt in the bills also without the s - the forged cheque is in the same hand as the letter he wrote, which was addressed to Mr. Reading.
Prisoner. Q. At what time on the 15th did we separate in the Poultry? A. I should think about two o'clock - I should think it impossible that the cheque could have been abstracted from my book before that day - I usually left it on my table.
Mr. BODKIN. Q. Can you account for all the two hundred cheques in your book, except this one? A. I can; I had used the book on the 14th.


                  EDWARD 
                  GOLDING ANDREWS
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Robinson and Co.; there is only one partner besides Mr. Robinson - the prisoner was in the habit of coming backwards and forwards, I remember his coming on the 15th of November - Mr. Robinson was not at home when he first came; I asked him to sit down, and gave him the newspaper - I sit with my back to Mr. Robinson's table, and cannot see any thing that takes place at the table; Mr. Robinson came in, in about half an hour - I do not recollect the prisoner writing a letter; he was sitting at the table with Mr. Robinson - Mr. Robinson left the office for a few minutes, leaving nobody but me and the prisoner there; he was sitting at the table at the time - I could not see any thing he might do at the table; the cheque-book generally lays on the table - Mr. Atkins does business in our office; nobody else has an opportunity of touching the cheque-book - it is locked in Mr. Robinson's drawer after business hours; I do not interfere with the cheque-book at any time - the prisoner and Mr. Robinson afterwards went out together, about one o'clock; I understood he lodged at St. James' hotel - I lost sight of the prisoner after that entirely; I think I met him once in Coleman-street, but I was not certain it was him, and did not stop him - in February I saw him in Regent-street, I went up to him, and said, "How do you do, Mr. Peppers?" he said, "Very well" - I asked if he had heard from his friends; he said No - I then asked if he was walking about Regent-street; he said No, he was waiting for a friend - I kept him in conversation, and saw an officer in a few minutes; I then ran and met the officer, and brought him to the prisoner - I ran forward and laid hold of him by the arm; he said, "For God Almighty's sake, do not take me!" - he saw the officer, in his uniform, with me; I had told him before, that Mr. Robinson wanted to see him, and asked him to call on him - he said he would next day; I think he was going down Warwick-street when I took him - I did not intimate that I was going for an officer.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHUTT ATKINS
               



            . I am an insurance-broker; I occupy part of Mr. Robinson's premises. On the 15th of November, I cannot be positive that I saw the prisoner there; I could have made use of Mr. Robinson's chequebook, but never did. In consequence of a communication made to me, I went to the Royal hotel on the 15th of November, with two officers; I inquired for the prisoner, but I did not find him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a clerk in the banking-house of Meesrs. Williams and Co.; they have an account with Robinson and Co., Old Jewry - the cheques we use have one number through the whole book; each customer has a distinct number - this cheque-book is No. 403; that number was on all the cheques in that book - it contained exactly two hundred cheques; this 20l. cheque was paid in course, on the 15th of November, about four o'clock in the afternoon - this 55l. cheque was brought to our house; it was presented by a man whose general appearance was like the prisoner, but he was in a very different dress - he had a dark frock-coat, buttoned close up; it was in rather a dark part of the office - the person's height and general appearance was like the prisoner; on the cheque being presented I had some doubt of the signature, and went to the back part of the office to compare the signature, and when I returned to the counter the person who presented it was gone - it is an imitation of Robinson and Co.'s signature; the s was omitted in the word pounds - I wrote on it."Differs from the usual signature," and returned it to Mr. Robinson.
JURY. Q.Did you hear the prisoner speak? A. Yes; I cannot say whether the prisoner's voice corresponds - he said he would have gold; he only said the single word"gold."
Prisoner. Q. Are there not persons of similar appearance to myself? A. No doubt of it.

MR. ROBINSON
            . On the 15th of November, when the prisoner left me he had a dark frock coat on.


                  ANDREW 
                  MOYS
               



            . I was waiter at the Royal hotel, St. James'-street, on the 15th of November - the prisoner was stopping there some time before that; I cannot say when he left - I recollect inquiry being made after him by two or three gentlemen; I had seen him the day before, but not on that day, nor afterwards; I was there for two months afterwards, and never saw him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY BRUCE
               



            . I am a stationer, and prepare the cheque-books for Messrs. Williams and Co. I made this cheque-book - I have not the least doubt but the cheque in question formed part of that book; I can point out the part of the book from which a cheque has been taken; there were two hundred cheques in it when it was made, and all bore the No. 403; here is the rough edge left from which the cheque has been torn - the margin has since been cut off the cheque, but I can tell from the appearance of the cheque in length and breadth; that it has been in that book, and I speak more positively because only one book was numbered 403; I am certain that cheque has been in that book.
Prisoner. Q. Has the cheque been torn or cut out? A. Torn; the others are cut off at the margin.
The bills referred to being produced had the letter s omitted in the word pounds.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a foreigner, but a consciousness of my innocence has induced me to come to this bar unprotected by counsel or professional advice; I cannot but avail myself of the opportunity of pointing out the very loose evidence to fix the crime on me - it amounts to nothing but that the cheque is drawn in the name of a gentleman to whom I happened to write a letter - and will you consign me to slavery for life for this? can such a coincidence warrant such an act? - conceive the impossibility of my tearing the cheque out, in the presence of the clerk, and that I should be such a madman as to draw it in thename of a gentleman, and leave the letter in the prosecutor's possession.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
