





1322. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CALLAGHAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, 3 waistcoats, value 6s.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; 5 neckcloths, value 5s., and 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lindley
                  



               
            .

SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hayes
                  



               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 4th of June I was on duty in Oxford-street - I saw the prisoner and another, and watched them; they went down Henrietta-street, and into Welbeck-street


 - the prisoner went into a house without any thing under his arm - he came out again with this bundle; I asked where he got it- he said from a man in that house, and he was directed by that other lad to go and get them; the other was then gone - I took the prisoner.


                  SOPHIA 
                  JONES
               



            . I live in this house; it is in a mews. These things had been left in my care for a young man to call for them - I was absent for a short time, and then missed this bundle - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HAYES
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hayes
               



            . I washed these things for 
               
                  William 
                  Lindley
               



             - I left them in Jones' care while I went to the Duke of Portland public-house to work - these are the articles; they are wrapped in my apron.
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing at the corner of Welbeck-street, and a woman came and asked me to carry a bundle to Cavendish-square - I went to this house, and she gave it me to carry - when I came out the Policeman took me; I said a woman gave it me.
ALEXANDER BROWN. No, he did not,



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
