






77. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     CORBET
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, 4 1/2 yards of jean, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Lane
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  LANE
               



            . I am the wife of Daniel Lane - he is a fishmonger
. On the evening of the 15th of November the two prisoners came to me together, to ask charity - they said their father was a watchman, lately dead, and they were going about to get money to bury him; I said my husband was called by a watchman every morning - they said it was not him, it was the one who had been there before him; I said I could not give them any thing, but if they came in the morning, if my husband knew any thing of them, he would give them something - Murphy then moved to the end of the counter, and the other said, "Can you give me 1d.?" Corbet then looked at her, and said, "Mary, the mug wants washing out that I have got in my hand;" they then said if they came at ten o'clock at night would it do - I said No; they went out sideways, and said they would come at nine o'clock in the morning; when they were gone I missed four yards or four yards and a half of jean, which I had just before- I saw them in custody the next day; I have not the least doubt of their persons - I have not seen the article since.
Murphy. Q. Did you see us take it? A. No - you took the mug from Corbet when you came in; you did not stand at the door - you shut it, and went away.
CORBET - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
MURPHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years, to commence from the expiration of their former Sentence
            .
