





984. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WESTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, 1 pelisse, value 30s.; 1 gown, value 10s.; 2 veils, value 10s.; 2 shawls, value 2l.; and 1 petticoat, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Stevens
                  




               
            ; and that she had been before convicted of felony.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I live at No. 12, Frogwell-court, Charter-house-lane


; I am single
, and am a straw-hat-maker
. On the 16th of April, between eight and nine in the evening, I left my room to go down stairs; I returned in a few minutes, and saw some of my work on the landing - I then went into my room, and found my work all thrown about - I knocked for Sarah Price, and she went with me into an empty room next to mine; we found the prisoner sitting in a chair with some of this property in her pocket, and some in her lap; she was a stranger, and had no business there - the things were taken from my box.



                  JONATHAN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner and this property.


                  SARAH 
                  PRICE
               



            . I went into the empty room with the prosecutrix; we found the prisoner there - I took this shawl and the lace veil out of her pocket, and the other things were in her gown-tail, which was turned up round her; the room was at the top of the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWE
               



             (police-constable G 30). I produce a certificate, (which I got at Mr. Clark's office,) of the conviction of the prisoner by the name of Ann Weston; she is the same person.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to take the empty room; I went there that night to compose myself; I had slept there two nights before; I was there all day on Sunday - the shawl laid in the passage, and I put it into my pocket; the other things were in the chair.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
