




418. 




MICHAEL KNOWLAN
 and 




ANNE ROOKE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of November, 2 jackets, value 12s.; and 5 shillings the goods and monies of 



John Dixon.






JOHN DIXON
. I am a seaman, and lodge in Prince's-court, Poplar. On Sun-day afternoon the 20th of November, I was in a beer-shop in Harrif-court-the prisoners came into the shop with two or three more females—I got half a gallon of beer, and they got the same—we drank together, and we went out together—I felt tick, and I said I wanted to go home to my ship—the two prisoners said they would find lodgings for me—I came out to go home, they followed me, and the woman pressed me to go into the White Hart—I went in and got half a pint of liquor for them—I could not drink any—they wanted me to get a glass of brandy, which I did, but I did not feel better—I said my head against the bar, and Knowlan said, "Do not he there"—the woman was out at the time; she then; came in and I laid my head there again; and he said I must not lay my head there—I said I might get better—Rooke said, "Take him home"—he said he would—I said if they put me in a house that was safe, I would pay for it—I then went down with the man, and went into a house—the woman came in directly, and gave him a candle, and told him to take me up, and go to bed with me—I went up, pulled off ray two jackets, and laid them under my head and then my trowsers and laid them there—Rooke was down stairs then—Knowlan told me to get into bed—he pulled off his jacket and dropped it on the floor, and got his trowsers half down, and then I got into bed, and then he put his trowsers up again—I had five shillings in my trowsers pocket—I put my hand in and felt the five separate shillings, when I came out of the public-house—it was then about half-past eleven o'clock—soon after I felt a violent blow on my head, and I said, "Have mercy, do not kill me, for God's sake"—I looked up and saw this man—he said, "you

black b——r what do you want in this bed?"—I said, "you brought me here"—and then this woman said, "You black b——r what do you want in this bed" and she struck me—I got up, and began to put my trowsers on; the money rattled, and she took the trowsers out of my hand and ran down—l said, "Take care, there is money in the trowsers" she came up, and gave me the trowsers—I said, "The money is gone"—she said, "Go and look for it"—and gave me a crack again, and then I snatched my jackets and went to go down—Knowlan came and took them from me, and went to shove me down stairs, and then I came down, and they got me out—I said, "Mind, my two jackets are there"—I saw a policeman coming along, and told him——hetold them to open the door, and she would not—he said he would break it open—he sent me to get two more policemen, and we came and broke the door open—the man was gone out—I lost my money and blue jacket.

JURY.Q. Was there a light in the room when you received the blows? A. No, there was no candle, but it was light—the moon shone—I know they are the same persons; I looked up and saw them.

Krowlan. He had only 1s. in the public-house Rooke. You were asked by the Magistrate whether you had counted the money in the house, you said no, but you felt it. Witness. I told the Magistrate that when I came out of the public-house I counted my money and I had five separate shillings.





JAMES MALING
 (police constable K 99.) I was on duty in Isaac's-court, Ratcliffe, between eleven and twelve o'clock, and beard a cry of "Police"—I went to the spot, and found the prosecutor in his shirt sleeves—he said he had been taken to the house and robbed of two jackets, and five shillings in money—I tried the door, which he showed me, and found it fastened—1 rapped, and the female prisoner pushed up the up-stairs sash, and asked what I wanted—I said the prosecutor had been robbed of two jackets, and five shillings in money—she said she had never seen him, and knew nothing about it—I asked her to come and open the door—she refused, and then she said if he would come in the morning be should have his jackets, and it should be all right—Knowlan then put his head out—I called to him—he made me no answer, but went in—in the meantime my brother officers came, and we broke the door open—I saw Rooke, and asked her where the prosecutors jackets were—she said she knew nothing of them—I found one by the side of the bed—I asked her where Knowlan was, she said she knew nothing of him—I could not find him, and believe he made his escape out of a window over the wall.





WILLIAM LEE
 (police-constable K 268.)I have heard what has been stated—it is correct.





JOHN DIXON

re-examined. This is one of my jackets.

Rooke. Q. Did not you tell the Magistrate that you could not swear to my taking the money?—he asked if you had felt the money, you said, yes, and I was discharged—and then you said, when I was brought up again, you had counted it when you came out of the White Hart. Witness. I did count it then.

Rooke. You should not go to my poor friends and offer if you got 5l. not to come here—you have received 1l., and there is 10s. more in hand. Witness. I have not received a farthing.

Witnesses for the Defence.






JEREMIAH HAGARTY
. I am a ballast-heaver, belonging to the Trinity corporation. On Tuesday morning the prosecutor received 10s. From Sylvester Burn and John Knowlan, the prisoner's brother, at Harrington's,

a beer-shop in Harris-court, in the hamlet of Ratcliffe; and there is in the bar now for this man not to appear—Sylvester is brother-in-law to the prisoner—the prosecutor said he would not say be got 10s. on Tuesday morning—I cannot tell who was in the house—I am acquainted with Knowlan—I live close by him—I did not know the prosecutor before—they said the prosecutor should have 30s. not to appear against them—Knowlan and Burn introduced the subject—they got drinking together, and said they would make the jackets good—I did not hear about the five shillings.





DANIEL QUINLAN
. I am brother-in-law of the widow Rooke—I was not present when the money was paid—Knowlan's brother and brother-inlaw paid it for the prosecutor not to appear at the Old Bailey—they said, "If you will not appear, I will make up for the value of the jackets," and he said he would not appear—there is 1l. in hand now to give him.

KNOWLAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

ROOKE-

GUILTY
. Aged 34.




Transported for seven Years.
