






2176. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PLEFFER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES EDWARD 
                     PECK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        David Thomas 
                        Deane
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BURTON
               



            . I live in North-place, Gray's Inn-road. On the afternoon of the 22nd of October I saw the prisoners in Gray's Inn-road, in company with another boy - they looked into two or three shops; they then saw the prosecutor, and tried his pocket in Verulam-buildings - they followed him, and tried again and again, and just as he was going into Holborn


, they got his handkerchief out - Pleffer went to put it into his bosom; I seized his arm - he slipped from me: Rierdon was just by, and took him; I knew the prisoners before, and am certain of their persons.
Peck. I know nothing of Pleffer - you did not see me with him. Witness. Yes, I did; I saw you at nine o'clock in the morning, and this was about eleven - you were close at his elbow.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I live in High-street, Islington, and am a broker. I followed the prisoners out of Gray's Inn-road - I came up just as Rierdon took Pleffer, and I took Peck; I saw the three boys together for two hours - the other got away.


                  DAVID 
                  THOMAS DEANE
               



            . I live in Cloudesley-terrace. This handkerchief is mine; I had it in my pocket in Gray's Inn-road - I saw Pleffer throw it down, but I was not conscious of its being taken; I was not aware that they were following me.


                  DANIEL 
                  RIERDON
               



            . I was passing promiscuously, and saw the prisoners in company, and another boy with them- they were behind the prosecutor; I secured Pleffer - he threw the handkerchief down.
Pleffer. I have no father, and was so hungry I was forced to do it; Peck was not with me.
PLEFFER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
PECK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
