





401. 
               
                  
                     WILLAM 
                     EARLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, a bill of exchange for 50l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Price
                  




               
            .
JAMES PRICE. I live at No. 16, Colyer-street, Pentonville, and am now out of business
. I saw an advertisement in the Morning Advertiser, for a number of travellers to vend an article of universal consumption, and that the most possitive security would be required; I wrote an answer to it according to the direction, to L. P. F. C., Peel's Coffee-house, and in consequence of that letter, I afterwards saw the prisoner at No. 32, St. Mary-at-hill


, at a warehouse. which was represented to be his; this was about the 30th of August - I told him I had come in consequence of the advertisement; he told me the article to be travelled with, was pickled fish of various descriptions - there was a sample of salmon on the counting-house table, he asked me to taste it, which I did, and said it was very fine; I said, "Well, what are your terms?" he said, "We allow a commission of 7 1/2 per cent. and travelling expences, but we shall want a reference;" and I said I should require one - he referred me to Mr. Minithorpe - I was satisfied with the reference, and entered into an engagement, which was prepared by Mr. Minithorpe, and on the 15th of September was finally concluded; it was reduced to writing, and is here - we each signed the agreement in Mr Minithorpe's presence; I passed over a 50l. hill as security for my trust and rendering my accounts punctual and regular, as specified in the agreement - I have the bill here; I saw it again last Thursday; the warehouse has been shut up since October - I never could find any business to do; the bill was presented for payment, and taken up - I never received any value for it; it was paid at my father-in-law's, No, 31, Polygon, Somers'-town - the receipt on the back is signed "Henry Myers;" I do not know him - I attended regularly at the warehouse from day to day, and was repeatedly ordered to prepare to go a journey; this is the agreement - (looking at it.)
The bill being read was drawn by James Price on T. Talbot, Esq., No. 3, Polygon, Somers'-town, endorsed J. H. Brown, John Walker, and several others - the agreement was entered into in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Earle
               



            , on behalf of himself and other proprietors of the London Pickle Fish Company, engaging the prosecutor as traveller and accountant to that company in the counties of Derby, Leicester, Nottingham, and Warwickshire - allowing him 7 per cent. on all orders obtained, as their agent, and acknowledging the receipt of the 50l. bill, as a security - all orders to be supplied on his own responsibility: it was witnessed by William Minithorpe.


                  JAMES 
                  PRICE
               



            . I left the 50l. bill in consequence of that agreement; I never saw any of the company besides the prisoner, nor any body pretending to belong to it - I saw a gentleman named Brown; there was a little stock in the warehouse, but it was thrown away in a few days - they could not get it pickled - the salmon was put in apail, and I believe burnt; I never sold an article - it was all moon-shine.
Prisoner. Q. Who did you see in answer to the advertisement? A. I received a letter three or four days after answering it, and went to Peels', and saw a strange gentleman, who referred me to St. Mary-hill - I have seen that person many times since - he is now out of the way; after the agreement was signed, Brown said he was about going into partnership with Earle; I took the prisoner up on the 18th of October, to the Mansion-house; I called with Brown on Mr. Tibbets, my brother-in-law, in Austin-friar's, as there was a suspicion of the bill being genuine; I never knew it was in Brown's hands to negociate - it was taken there to know if it was genuine; I saw Brown in October, when the prisoner was discharged from the Mansion-house for want of the bill being produced; I never saw Brown till he referred me to the prisoner.
Q. Were not you and Brown negociating to take the business into your hands, and supplant me? A. I know nothing whatever of the circumstance; I have been at great pains and expence to find Brown, to place him with the prisoner; he came to the Mansion-house voluntarily to clear himself; one sample of salmon was produced, and after a short time taken away; I was once allowed to take one pot of salmon for my own use.
COURT. Q. Where was the stock? A. That was to be brought from Ireland - he represented that he had a right of fishery there.
Prisoner. Q. Had you any circulars printed for your use? A. Not for my use; as I understood I was going a journey in a few days I put five hundred circulars into the hands of a commercial friend to distribute; I have a few of them here - there were two or three thousand about the premises.
Q. When did you first complain to me about the bill? A. I could not see him for a fortnight, nor find his residence; I took him up about the 15th of October, but the bill not being due we could not produce it, and he was discharged; he gave me an order on Brown for the bill, but since he was at the Mansion-house, I have lost sight of Brown; I gave Mr. Walker notice on the 6th of October, that the bill was only lodged as a security.


                  JOHN 
                  WALKER
               



            . I live in Allen-street, Lambeth, and am an oven-builder. I know the prisoner, since I commenced building an oven for him, at St. Mary-at-hill, to pickle fish in; I received the bill from John 
               
                  Henry 
                  Brown
               



            , this is it, (looking at it) - I received it for building the oven, which I agreed with Earle about; the balance was 2l. 13s. 6d. more - I knew nothing of Brown before: the last time I saw him was at the Mansion-house, where I attended respecting this bill, before it was due.
Prisoner. Q. Will you explain what passed between you and Brown, when he put the bill into your hands? A. I was to have had half my account in money, and half in two months - I could not get the money; I left town, and left my foreman to settle it - this bill was handed over to him; Brown said, "I will endorse this bill over to you if you will give me 20l. out of it" - I was glad to get any security, and said I would, if he would agree to give me good security, but his security was not what I wished, and I kept the bill, as I found it was a very good one; Brown wished to get it back - I would not give it up, and he said, "If you will arrest Earle, and get him out of the company, I will come forward with my friends;" the prisoner gave orders for the oven on the 24th of August, and Brown ordered some additions to it - they pickled a few pots in it; I tasted it - I think I saw about two dozen pots.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MINITHORPE
               



            . I am a solicitor, and 
               drew
             this agreement. I know the Act of Parliament about joint stock companies; allow me to say that on the 11th of August, the draft of a lease for very considerable premises at the bottom of Gray's-inn-lane, was sent to us for perusal, and on the 15th of August I saw the prisoner - his statement to me was, that he had fishing in Ireland, for nearly one thousand years, and there was a proposal, on his part, to dispose of a secret for curing fish, with the fishery, and the lease of the premises at St. Mary-at-hill, to twenty persons, and the prisoner was to receive an annuity of 2000l. for twenty years - on the 7th of August he saw me respecting a meeting which he said was to be held between himself, and a person named Gage, and others, on the 18th; he saw me respecting the party, and on the 22nd, he said the meeting was postponed; he continued from time to time to make that statement.
Q. Have you seen any thing of the company from that time to this? A. I have not - I have been on the premises at St. Mary-at-hill - they were closed early in October.
Prisoner. Q. What did you understand by the bill being deposited in my hands, was it to be negociated or not? A. It was handed over in my presence, on the terms of the agreement, as a security - Brown was present; I do not know where he is now.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 20th of December, in Goswell-street -I asked his name; he said Williams - I told him what I took him for; that was not this charge - he said he had come to town for the purpose of settling it.
Prisoner's Defence. The fact is as Mr. Mimthorpe states, with regard to forming the company, but that not being effected I entered into an arrangement with Brown and Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Brown
               



            , who were to be my partners, and to advance the capital - they took the premises, and I was called on as a party to the agreement - there was not a single expenditure in the establishment that was not paid for as it was done; Brown inserted the advertisement, and met Price at Peel's, where they negociated the business, and he was referred to me at St. Mary-at-hill - I confidently assert that all the negociation was between Brown and Price - I was merely called in to carry their arrangements into effect; Price and Brown were constantly in contact with each other - Price knows a disagreement took place between me and Brown, and it is a couspiracy on their part against me, but I humbly submit he has not shown that I negociated the bill; for the mere transfer of it from my hands to my partner's, I imagine, will not make me liable to criminal proceedings - I hope I have yet to learn that one partner is answerable for the criminal conduct of another; within five minutes of my receiving the bill it was in Brown's hands, and I believe in two days it was put in circulation; inquiry was made of Mr. Tibbets, of Austin-friars, and he spoke so bad of Price that Brown applied to me to terminate the engagement - I directed him to give the bill back to Price, and from that time they endeavouredto turn me out of the concern - you can form no idea of the malignity of the prosecution; I can hardly imagine that a trumped up robbery, fabricated for the purpose of repudiating me, will succeed.


                  HENRY 
                  ALFRED BROWN
               



            . I am a broker, of the City. I was called to prove a partnership, executed between Earle and Brown; my father is the freeholder of the premises on St. Mary-at-hill - I manage his affairs; I was applied to by 
               
                  John 
                  Henry
               



             Brown, in August last, respecting the premises.
COURT. Q. Have you received any rent? A. I distrained for it, and found some pottery, value 60l., which had been sent in that morning by Mr. Bernall - I distrained for 6l. 10s., half a quarter's sent; I never knew them do any business, or of any bona fide establishment being there - I knew nobody but Brown and Earle; I could not get the rent - I have got Brown to give me up the premises; the pottery was brought to the premises that morning, and was being taken away, when I distrained and stopped it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
