





837. 




ISAAC LEFEVRE
 and 




WILLIAM LEFEVRE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
28th of February, 1 milk-pail, value 8a., the goods of 



James Davey.






JOSIAH ADAMS
 (police-constable H 51.) On the morning of the 28th of February I was on duty in John-street, Mile-end, New-town; at half-past one o'clock, before daybreak, I heard the bell of Davey's side-gate ring, and saw the prisoners together coming in a direction from the gate—Isaac had a milk-pail on his arm—I ran towards them, and Isaac threw the pail down, about thirty paces from the prosecutor's gate, on the opposite side and ran away—William ran away in a different direction—I pursued Isaac, and took him, without losing sight of him—he appeared to be very drank indeed, but he was not so—another policeman came up, and I went to a house in John's-court, John-street, in consequence of information, and found the prisoner William—I told him I wanted him, for stealing a milkpail from Davey's—he said he wished he might go for life, and he took a baby up, three weeks old, and laid he had a good mind to chuck it on the fire.





WILLIAM LEFEVRE
. I said I would sooner lose my life than leave may wife and child before I had my supper—I did not say I wished I might go for life. Witness. Yes, he did.





JOHN KELLY
. I am a policeman. On the 28th of February I was going into John-street, and heard the rattle spring, and a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner William running towards me—he turned into a house in John's-place—I went with Adams to the house, and pulled a string at the door, but found it held against me—I forced myself in, and found William behind the door—I told him we wanted him for stealing a pail from Mr. Davey's premises—he said, "I wish I may go for life this time"—I said it might not be so bad—he then said he would die before he would go along with us without having his supper—we said his wife might take his supper for him—he then said if I did not collar him, we might handcuff him—I said we would do neither if he walked quietly, which he did.





WILLIAM CARR
. I produce a milk-pail which I found in John-street, about half-past one o'clock in the morning, on the opposite side to the prosecutor's.





JAMES DAVEY
. I am a cow-keeper, and live in Booth-street, Mile-end. I have a bell to my side-gate, which rings when the gate is opened or shot—this is my pail—it has my name on it.

Isaac Lefevre's Defence. I was coming out of a public-house with my brother, and going home to supper with him—I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and ran to see what it was, when the policeman took me.

William Lefevre's Defence. I was with my brother, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I walked gently home—the policemen never offered to stop me, but seemed to watch me into John's-court—they went and broke open another house before they came to the one I was in—they shoved open the door as I was going to bolt it—they said, "Have you got a brother?"—I said, "Yes; he is coming to sup with me, but he has run away somewhere"—they said, "Your name is William?"—I said, "Yes"—they then said they wanted me for this robbery—I said after I had had my supper I would accompany them.
I. LEFEVRE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
W. LEFEVRE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Six Months.
