





NEW COURT. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 30.
Third Middlesex Jury. - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1958. 
               
                  
                     MARIE 
                     VOITURET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, 3 rings, value 20s.; 4 worked bands, value 5s.; 3 shifts, value 3s.; 1 1/2 yard of worked leno, value 2s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 2 napkins, value 2s., and 1 velvet cape, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Burton 
                           Wyatt
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
MR. CRESWELL conducted the prosecution.
The prisoner, being a native of France, had the evidence communicated to her by an interpreter.
MARY WYATT. I am the wife of Charles Burton Wyatt, but am separated from him. The prisoner has been nine months in my service, as lady's maid
, and between six and seven months of that time in England; I hired her in Paris, but I was living at Mr. Hodges', in Piccadilly


 for some time. On the 27th of September she was about to leave - I had given her warning; I demanded to see her box, which she opened very readily - I discovered four dresses, three gold rings, four worked bands, a black velvet collar, and three cambric shifts, and in her stockings I found two damask napkins; I immediately claimed them, but suffered her to go - in consequence of some further discovery, I made inquiries for her, and found her the next day at Madam Giradour's, a mantua-maker, in Albemarle-street; she was in company with a great many other persons, who were work - people, I suppose - I told her I had missed other articles, and asked her about them; she was excessively impertinent, and said she did not know where they were, nor had she robbed me - Madam Giradour said I had better go down and look into her box again; the prisoner pointed out her box - it was opened, but I did not examine it, as the first parcel I saw in it was sealed; I took it up, and in consequence of what then took place Igot an officer, and gave her in charge - I gave the rings and damask napkins to the officer; I kept the other articles myself.
COURT. Q. Was there any thing of yours in the second box? A. I had not time to see, for she flew at me, and said she would stranger me, and so did Madam Giradour.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. How long have you been separated from your husband? A. Perhaps eight or nine years; I have a sufficient maintenance from him - I know General Palmer; I was not living with him- the prisoner had quitted my service once, when I found she was in the family-way, and I sent her to Paris; I afterwards wrote to her, and sent the letter by Mr. Ess - she went to my lodging at Paris, by my desire; the porter had charge of my things there, but the prisoner had the keys of my property, and when I went there I found all my property safe; I afterwards sold my property there - I did not then make the prisoner a present of any thing; I have given her some things in England - I never gave her a small basket; on my oath the prisoner had not said she would not stay in my service - I had given her warning a week before; she had not told me she should return to France, nor had she ever hinted such a thing - I was acquainted with all the gentlemen attached to the British embassy in France; I was intimate with them all - I was not aware, to the last, where she was going; she said she was going to France; but had not her passport, and I offered to write to the secretary of the embassy to afford her the opportunity of going that day: the landlady's son and another person brought the box down to my room - I sent for the prisoner; she went up stairs, got the key, and opened it herself - I did not say, while the box was searching, that I had missed a great quantity of jewellery; I said I had missed some things, and for that reason I searched her box- she did not say, "Here are the rings you gave me in Paris;" she said they were brass, and she had found them- I have not charged her with stealing the dresses, as I was fearful it would be made a capital charge - I am perfectly certain I did not give these things to her; I did not give charge of her at first, as she was a foreigner, and I did not wish to hurt her - the next morning I missed other things, and I knew she was intimate with the cook at Madam Giradour's; I had returned a dress to Madam Giradour, which had been made badly - I asked to see her box, and did; when I saw that the parcel contained papers I took my hand off it - she then flew at me, and swore she would strangle me; I never said I would be revenged on her, let it cost me what it might, nor any thing of the kind - I took her that day because she flew at me, and so did Madam Giradour, and perhaps twenty people besides; I did not say before the Magistrate that it was the conduct of another person which induced me to prosecute.


                  ANN 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am the wife of Edward Hodges. The witness lodged with me; I was present when the prisoner's box was searched - the prisoner took the articles out of the box; the prisoner said a good deal in French, which I do not understand.
Cross-examined. Q. Whether she said they were things her mistress gave her you cannot say? A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  DARLING
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner; the prosecutrix gave me these rings and napkins, which I have had ever since.
MARY WYATT. These are my rings, and the box in which they are, and these napkins are mine; I never gave them to the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you not given her things? A. Yes, I have given her hats and dresses, but not these things.
Prisoner's Defence. I asked to go away, as I was forced to be up three parts of the night, and my health was injured; so long as she thought I was going to Paris she would not prosecute me, but when she found I was to stay in London she swore I should not stay in any place, and she would do me every injury she could - she made me carry my box down; she said she had lost a few trinkets, and told me to open it - I said, "Madam, here are the things you gave me in Paris, when you sold a few goods;" I gave her all these things myself - I went to Madam Giradour, and the next day she came and said she missed a great number of things; I said I did not believe it - she asked to look into my trunk; I said I was willing - she went into the kitchen at Madam Girarour's; I opened my trunk, and she took out a paper, which was sealed - I begged her not to unseal it; she took the paper, opened it, and would not give it me; I took it, and it was torn - I told her I wished a justice would come, and look into my trunk.
GUILTY. Aged 25.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutrix
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
