







1407. 
               
                  JANE 
                  LOCKYER
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WEST
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, 1 watch, value 9s.; 1 seal, value 3s.; and 1 watch key, value 1d.; the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Ladd
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BEE
               



            . I am a watchman, of St. Andrew's, Holborn. On the 7th of August, at half-past four o'clock in the morning, I saw a cab coming up Fetter-lane, driving very furiously - West was driving it, and the other two prisoners were in it - he drove to Holborn, and put it on the stand; the three prisoners then got out, and went to the coffee-shop in Farringdon-street - in about a quarter of an hour, I met them coming up Holborn-hill - I went to meet them; instead of coming up to the cab, they turned into Bartlett's-buildings - I followed them, and sent another watchman round another way - I followed them to Bartlett's - passage - I there saw Lockyer take something from her breast, which I thought was a watch, and give it to Jones, who put it into his pocket - West was with them - they were all close together - I then laid hold of Jones, put my hands into his pocket, and took this watch out - Lockyer then took the seal and key out of her bosom, and was in the act of dropping them, when the officer took them - they were all taken to the watch-house - 5s. was found on Lockyer, and 3s. on West.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. All you saw was Lockyer handing it to Jones, and he put it in his pocket? A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoners were brought into the watch-house - 3s. were found on West, and 5s. on Lockyer - I asked if she had any thing to say - she said she would tell me the truth - that she was at Vauxhall, and a gentleman hired a cab, and the cabman asked the gentleman if he would suffer his sister to ride with him, and the gentleman said yes, if she was his sister, and he desired the cabman to drive to York-street, Westminster; but instead of that they drove to Strutton-ground, where they got out of the cab, and the gentleman, the cabman, and a policeman went to a public-house, and had something to drink - that they got into the cab again, and the cabman drove to Piccadilly - when they got to the Green-park, the cabman desired her to rob the gentleman, which she did, that the cabman then took him out, and set him against the wall, and they three had got into the cab and drove away - she said West was the cabman, but he denied all knowledge of it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was she sober? A. Yes.
JURY. Q. Did she say the gentleman was drunk? A. She said he was asleep, and that Jones stood by while he was robbed.
JOHN LADD. I live in Little James-street. I was at Vauxhall that night - I hired a cab - West was the driver - I told him to drive to York-street, Westminster - he said the fare would be 2s., and asked if I would allow Lockyer, who was his sister, to ride home - I said if she was his sister she might, and she got in - I had a watch and seal and key when I got in; and after I left the cab and came to my senses I missed them - they drove me to Strutton-ground, and I had something to drink there, and whether there was any thing put in to it to make me stupid I do not know - this is my watch and seal - I am positive to West - I cannot swear to the girl.
Cross-examined. Q. How many public-houses had you been into? A. One before I got into the cab - I was there drinking brandy and water when the driver was sent for - we had two glasses of brandy and water between the driver and me and the waterman - I will not swear who proposed to go into the next public-house - I never was in the house before - I might have selected the house - I cannot say what I drank there - I cannot tell what I paid - I do not know exactly what money I had - I paid a shilling for a glass - I do not know whether there was more than one glass - the landlady brought it to me - I handed it to the prisoners to drink, and I was standing facing them - I was so stupid after drinking the first brandy and water, I cannot tell what I paid - I do not recollect getting into the cab again - I was going to York-street - I did wrong to get out of the cab and go into the public-house - I took no liberties with Lockyer.
CHARLES SIMONS. I am a watchman. I saw the cabcome out of Fetter-lane that morning - West was driving, and Jones and Lockyer were inside - they then went down Bartlett's-buildings - I heard some altercation - Jones struck West, who was very drunk - he fell off the cab two or three times - I parted them.
Cross-examined. Q. You say West fell several times? A. He must have done so, for he was all over mud - he was not quite sober when he went before the magistrate - when they went up Barlett's-buildings I thought the cabman had been robbed, as his breeches were loose - he was more likely to be robbed than to rob any one.
Jones's Defence. On the night in question I had been drinking with an old schoolfellow at the Admiral Keppel - West and the girl came there, and asked me to go and have a ride - I went to the coffee-shop, and we were quarrelling about it, when the watch was handed to West.
Lockyer's Defence. I was at the gardens, and the cabman brought me some drink - he brought the gentleman, who he said was his brother - I got into the cabman's place, and the cabman sat in my lap - we went on - the gentleman called a policeman, and said, "I will give you something to tell us where there is a public-house" - they then went to the public-house, with a female who was with me, leaving me outside - they sent me some rum-and-water out; and then they got into the cab, and we went to Piccadilly.
JOHN LADD re-examined. Q. Are you able to say you had your watch when you were at Strutton-ground? A. I had it when I got into the cab, and that was the first time I got out.
LOCKYER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
WELLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
