





1223. 
               
                  
                     JOHN GORDON 
                     GIBSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April
, 1 silver spoon, value 10s., and 1 umbrella, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Bethell
               




            .
JOHN BETHELL. I am a solicitor
, in Lincoln's Inn-fields


 - the prisoner was a clerk
 in my office from 1828 up to April last; I am in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Williams
               



             - the lower part of the house is offices, but I reside in the upper part, and the prisoner had the unlimited range of the house. In February last I lost a number of valuable articles, and among the rest some spoons - the prisoner was taken to the office on another charge; the officer found on him a number of duplicates, one of which is for a silver dessert-spoon, which is one of a set I had lost, and one for a silk umbrella.
WILLIAM PENNY. I live with Mr. Cottrel, a pawnbroker. On the 14th of February I took in this spoon of a man, who, I believe, was not the prisoner; I gave him this duplicate.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  LAMB
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Stanhope-street; I have a silk umbrella, which I took in on the 23rd of February, of a man, who, to the best of my belief, was the prisoner; this is the duplicate I gave.
BENJAMIN PHILLIPS (Police-constable G 58). I tookthe prisoner - as we were going along in the coach I saw him take something out of his pocket, and he was going to throw it out of the window; I took hold of them - he said, "They are only some duplicates, which Mr. Bethell has seen;" I found the duplicates of these things among them.(Purse produced and sworn to)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had been induced, by his necessities, to pledge the property, which he indtended to redeem.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
