



1024. 




MARY ANN ANDREWS
. was indicted

for stealing, on the 
24th of February, 1 half-sovereign, 7 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



John Roche; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN ROCHE
. I am a bricklayer. At half-past twelve o'clock on Saturday night, the 23rd of February, I was at the Marquis of Granby, at Knightsbridge, in the parlour, and saw the prisoner—she was a stranger to me—I went home with her to a street in Westminster I do not know the name of it—I agreed to stop all night with her—I went up stairs to bed about one o'clock—I was sober—I fell asleep—I awoke about three o'clock—when I went there I had seven half-crowns, a half-sovereign, and four or five shillings, and three sixpences, in my coat pocket—I put my coaton a chair at the foot of the bed—a female and a man came into the room about three o'clock—they awoke me, and wanted me to leave the room—the prisoner was then gone—I took hold of my coat, and my money was gone—I cannot say whether those persons who came in might have taken it—I refused leaving the room—I put on my clothes—the two persons remained in the room, and another man came in—I staid till the policeman came—they fetched the prisoner—she said at first she had not seen me—I said I knew her, and she had robbed me—I am sure she is the person.





MARY BOUCHER
. I live in Old Pye-street, Westminster, and keep the Three Compasses. The prisoner came about half-past one o'clock that night, and left 20s. with me—there was one half-sovereign, three half-crowns, two shillings, and one sixpence—she wished me to take care of it till the morrow—I had known her as a customer—I did not know her name.





ROBERT SUTTLE
. (police-constable B 97.) At half-past three o'clock that morning I heard some noise up stairs at the house where the prosecutor was, and heard some one say, "I have been robbed"—I went in, and met the prisoner coming down stairs—I went up, and the prosecutor said he had been robbed—I said to my brother officer, "Go and bring that woman back"—he went and brought her, and the prosecutor said that was the woman—the prisoner said, "I have not seen you before"—when I took her to the station-house she said she had seen him at Knightsbridge—the house is a brothel—the prisoner had lived there, but had left, she knew where to find the key.






WILLIAM UPCHURCH
 (police-constable B 25.) I was on duty with Robert Suttle, and went after the prisoner to the Three Compasses—she was then knocking at the door there—I took her back, and the prosecutor said the was the person that had robbed him—she said she did not know him, but at the station-house she said she had seen him at Knightsbridge.

Prisoner. I met this man at Knightsbridge—I had seen a gentleman I knew before, and he gave me 25s.—the prosecutor took me to the Rising Sun, and I got very much in liquor, and remember no more till I was in the Three Compasses, and some person was giving me vinegar—I left the money there—amongst it were two of the new shillings—the prosecutor said one of his shillings was a new one, but what I had was mine—hit money I never saw.





WILLIAM WILLERMAN
. (police-constable B 95.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Gibbons, the Clerk of the Peace for Westminster—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
