





816. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TUNSTALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 1 basket, value 3s.; 3 blankets, value 6s., and 1 shawl, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Margrave 
                  Tickell
               




            .
WILLIAM MARGRAVE TICKELL. I live in Drury-lane, and am a porter
. On Thursday, the 10th of March, I met the prisoner in Clare-street. Clare-market - he asked if I knew a person named Thomas, a porter; I said,"Not by name, but most likely I know the person;" I then asked if he wanted any porter's work done, as I should be glad of the job; he said that man had been engaged in moving some goods; I asked what they were; he said some pier-glasses, and other things, which were to be removed from Chancery-lane to Mr. Macklin's, in Clare-street; I said I could undertake the job, and provide blankets and other things, which I knew were wanted; he went with me to my house, and a large basket, a shawl, and three blankets were produced - I put them into the basket, and went immediately with him towards Chancery-lane; as we were going along, he asked if I knew of a good stout lad, which would be a great acquisition, to get the job done quickly - when we got to the end of Bream's-buildings, he took the basket from me, put it on a man's head who stood there, and he said to me, "You wait here, and as this man comes down, you take the things, and pack them up;" I waited there nearly an hour - I then saw the other man; I said to him, "What have you done with our master;" he said,"He turned the corner, and I saw nothing more of him;" but that was the man who had the things when they leftme - I met the prisoner in Old-street on the Monday following; I took him by the collar, and held him till I got an officer; he said what could I do with him, that I only lent him the things, and there was no law in that - I gave him in charge.
ANN TICKELL. I am the prosecutor's mother. The prisoner is the person who came to my house on the 10th of March, and he assisted in taking the blankets off the bed - I saw them go down together with the basket, blankets, and shawl; they were my son's property.


                  JOHN 
                  SLATER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in Old-street, on the 14th of March - the prosecutor was scuffling with him, and gave him into custody; the prisoner said he could not hurt him; he only lent him the things, and he could only make a debt of it, do his worst.
Prisoner's Defence. Distress and want of employment led me to do what I have done.
WILLIAM MARGRAVE TICKELL re-examined. Q. Did you intend to let the prisoner have these things only for the purpose of moving the goods? A. I lent them him for that purpose only; he was not to keep them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
