





1094. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CURTIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of May
, 1 basket, value 3s. 6d.; 1 wrapper, value 1s., and 60lbs. of butter, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Harrison 
                     Jones
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Knight
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  HARRISON JONES
               



            . I deal in butter
, and live in Bridge-street, Vauxhall. On the 3rd of May I bought 60 lbs. of butter, with a basket and cloth, of Mr. Knight, in Newgate-market, about eleven o'clock in the morning, but never had it away - I paid 3l. 0s. 6d. for it, and about five in the afternoon I heard it was gone; part of it was sent to my house on the Wednesday night.


                  PETER 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I keep a shop
 in Newgate-market


. On the 3rd of May Mr. Jones bought 60 lbs. of butter of me; I was to send it to Brown's, the poulterer, in the market, which was done about one o'clock - Jones' lad was to call there for it; next morning I was informed it was taken - I saw 28 lbs. in possession of the officer, with the wrapper, but not the basket - I knew the wrapper to be the one I sold the butter in; it was to have been returned to me - I did not see the prisoner about; he was a stranger.
Prisoner. Q. Are you in the habit of opening the flats of butter which come to you? A. Yes - I looked at the ticket, and sold it myself.
EDWARD MORRIS. I am a porter. On the 3rd of May, about twenty minutes to three o'clock, I came out of my master's warehouse - I stood against Lumley's liquor-shop, opposite Newgate; the prisoner came and asked if I wanted a job - I said I did not, that I attended a warehouse, but said, "What is it to do?" he said, "I want somebody to go up to Newgate-market, to Mr. Brown's place, and fetch a flat of butter for Mr. Jones, the Vauxhall carrier;" I asked why he could not go himself, as he was so near; he said, "I have a horse and cart standing at the corner of Farringdon-street, and am afraid that might start away in the mean time;" he had no horse and cart with him then - I went to Brown's, and got the butter; I told them who it was for - I brought it to the priprisoner, who I found at the corner of Farringdon-street - it was in a flat, which was fastened down; I told him I had not seen Mr. Brown, but I asked somebody to see the direction to see that it was right - he asked what I charged, and said, "Will 3d. do?" I said I did not know; he put a sixpence into my hand - I went and got charge; he said, "Stick to the sixpence, I may have another job another time, perhaps" - I left him; he left the flat of butter just round the corner, some little distance from the cart, and came away; I said, "Now, it is quite foolish for you to leave it in that way," and asked why he did not put it into the cart, supposing the cart belonged to him, as he represented - he said, "Oh, I am waiting for somebody;" he wished me good afternoon, and I returned to the warehouse - I saw him at the Compter next morning, where I went, on hearing the butter was stolen - I knew him immediately, and am quite sure he is the man; when he saw me coming, he shifted back, but I said he was the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . On the 3rd of May, about nine o'clock at night, I was sent for to the Robinhood, in Skinner-street, to look at some butter which two young men had brought there; there were fourteen lumps tied in this cloth, and tied in a blue apron, which I believe the prisoner has now got on; while I was sitting in the bar the prisoner came up, and asked for the apron - I had not time to examine the butter well; another person, named Bathe, was with him - they said they were going to Leadenhall-market; the prisoner took the apron with him - I followed them up the street, and lost them; as they said they would come back in an hour, I went back, and waited till between eleven and twelve o'clock, but they did not come; on the Wednesday morning, between ten and elevenI was sent for - I went there, and found the prisoner and the other; the butter was there - I suspected it was stolen, as it was not wrapped up as it should have been; I asked where they got it from - they seemed very much confused at the moment, but afterwards said they bought it; it was then in this turbot basket, not in a flat - I asked Carter who he bought it of; he at first said he bought it at a shop in Newgate-market - I asked who kept the shop; he made no answer, then said he had bought it outside the shop, but gave no name - I asked where he lived; he said any where - the other said he lived in a court on Old Fish-street-hill; the prisoner afterwards said, before the Magistrate, that he bought it of a countryman in Newgate-market - it weighed 28lbs.; I made inquiry, and found Mr. Knight, who claimed the cloth - he said, "If the butter belongs to me it is two creams (meaning dairys), and it was so. The bill against Bathe was not found.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the butter of a countryman in Newgate-market; he comes up with butter twice a week.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
