




996. 




JAMES GREENHALL
 and 




WILLIAM SMAILE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of March, 1 box, value 1l.; 1 card-plate, value 1s.; 1 miniature, value 10s.; 3 pairs of spectacles, value 1l. 5s.; 1 pair of spun, value 1s.; 3 purses, value 5s.; 24 foreign silver coins, value 1l.; 1 open-glass, value 5s.; 4 snuff-boxes, value 5l.; 3 pocket-books, value 5s.; 11 books, value 10s.; 1 card-case, value 1s.; 1 wafer-stamp, value 5s.; 2 pencil-cases, value 2s.; 3 seals, value 10s.; 1 piece of pebble, value 1s.; 1 cork, value 10s.; 1 minute-glass, value is d.; 1 box of whist-markers, vain 1s.; 8 counters, value 1s.; 20 pens, value 1s.; 1 kettle-bolder, value 1l.; 1 cross of the order of the Bath, value 40l.; 1 medal, value 5l.; 2 medaleases, value 2s.; 1 muff, value 1l.; 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 bell, value 5s.; 1 knife, value 2d.; and 1 shell, value 6d.; the goods of 




George Davis Wilson, Esq.






GEORGE DAVIS WILSON, ESQ
. I am a colonel in the army. About three o'clock, on the 28th of March, I landed from a steam-packet—I bad twenty-five or twenty-six trunks at the Custom-house—I was informed that some of them had been taken from the cart in which they had been deposited to go down to Rumford—four or five packages of different kinds were gone—one of them contained the card-plate, spectacles, and all these things—this order of the Bath, and this gold medal, are mine; and this box full of things are all mine—(looking at them.)





BENJAMIN MASTERS
. I am servant to Messrs. Ing and Smith, of Rom ford, brewers. At half-past six o'clock on Wednesday evening, the 28th of March, I left the Custom-house, going to Col. Wilson's with the cart with twenty-six packages of various sorts in it—I saw them all put in—there was a tilt over the cart—I rode before—when I got to the Rising Sun public-house, in Bow-road—I heard something fall from the hind part—I stopped, jumped down, and found the cord cut, and some parcels gone—I turned, and saw a man—I made up to him, and said, "What have you taken out of my cart—he said, "Nothing," but two men have run by—I said, "I with stop you"—he got away from me, ran to the path, jumped over into Mr. Gregory's field—I was afraid to go from my cart—I went to the Rising

Sun, and staid there till the patrols came up—we went up and down with a candle, but could find nothing—I cannot swear, but I believe, the man I saw was Greenhall—he had a fustian frock coat on, as he has now, and by his features and dress I think he is the roan—it was very dark—when I returned home instead of twenty-six parcels I had only twenty-one.





JAMES HAINES
 (police-constable K 248.) I was on duty last Thursday morning the 29th of March, in High-street, Bow, and at half-past three o'clock I saw three persons pass me with a donkey cart—there was some music playing at the Black Swan—the three persons stopped to listen to it—I took particular notice of them—they stood under a gas-light—I suspected from their appearance, and the knowledge I had of one, who is not is custoday, that they were after no good—they went down the road—I met another officer—we agreed to watch them coming back, and to examine their cart—about six o'clock the two prisoners came back in the cart—I stopped and asked them what they had got in the cart—they said, nothing, and I was welcome to look if I pleased—I got into the part, and found about half a load of dung in it, with three empty hampers turned he said down, which they were sitting on—I turned them over, took out my staff turned the dung over, and found these two white boxes—I jumped down, laid hold of Smile, and asked him where he got them from—he said they had picked them up by the road-side—I took him to the station-house, sod found a half-crown in his shoe.





HENRY MILSTED
 (police-constable K 208.) In consequence of what haines said to me, I watched, and at twenty minutes to six o'clock I saw the donkey cart, and the two prisoners in it, coming up from Bow—the prisoner said they had nothing, and we were welcome to look—Haines took sinaile, I took Greenhall, and as we were going to the station-house I saw this other red box projecting out under the dung—it contains the articles stated.





WILLIAM ROBERT GARDE
. I am a police inspector. The officers brought he prisoners and the boxes to me—I broke open this one, which confined the articles.

Greenhall's Defence. At half-past three o'clock I went down to Romford with this man to buy some roots, and in going down we found these two white boxes and this red box, with a cover over it—we took them up, at them into a cart, and were returning home with them, when we were stopped—we said we had nothing but what we picked up.





HENRY MILSTED
. They said they had nothing at all, and "Look if you Greenhall. They took us to the office, and there were some more prisoners—some women and a man with a trunk, which was found on the road-side—we were bringing these thinks to town, thinking there would he a reward for them.

Smile's Defence. As we were going down the road we saw something white, and found these boxes, and the red box had a black cover over it—as we came back we were stopped, and told the officer we had nothing, only that found.

GREENHALL—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—

Trartsported for Seven Years.


SMAILE—



GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Judgment Respected.

