







249. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     SWEENEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HENESSEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     BUCKLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 1 watch, value 25l.; 2 keys, value 3s., and 1 seal, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hardy
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARDY
               



            . I am a carpenter
. I and my brother were at a beer-shop in Essex-street, Whitechapel


, on the 14th of November; we left the house at ten minutes before ten o'clock at night - the prisoners were in the room while I was; there were forty persons in the room -I was quite sober; when I was leaving the room, I put down my hand and felt my watch chain - as I was coming down stairs, Sweeney and Henessey stood one on each side the door; Buckley was a little before them, going down the stairs before me - I do not know that he did any thing to prevent my going down stairs then, but when he came down to the street door, he stopped the doorway up, to prevent my going out - the other two prisoners were then close by me; we at last got out of the house, and I immediately missed my watch - I did not know which way the prisoners had gone - I looked for them, when I missed my watch, and they were all gone; and the people about said it must be these three young men, as nobody else was a thief; I gave information of them - they were all about me, and hustling me at the time Buckley was stopping the doorway.
Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q. I believe this was a smoking-club? A. I believe it is called the Free and Easy club - I do not know whether the prisoners are members, but I saw them in the room; when I got up to go the other persons in the room followed very shortly; no one was near me in going down but the three prisoners - I felt my watch safe while I was in the room, and missed it when I got out at the street door; no one touched me on the stairs but the prisoners - the stairs are narrow; no one attempted to hustle me but the prisoners.


                  JOHN 
                  HARDY
               



            . I was with my brother, and saw the three prisoners there; when my brother was going down Henessey and Sweeney got one on each side of the door, and on each side of my brother, and when they got to the end of the passage Buckley stood with his hand across the door, and they were all close to my brother; I had seen the chain of my brother's watch as he left the room, but the seal was out of sight - when we got into the street I asked him if he had lost his watch; he felt, and it was gone - the prisoners were all gone directly.
Cross-examined. Q.This was a club? A. Yes; there were thirty or forty persons in the room - it was the timeto break up; there were some before and some behind us; I was not exactly close to my brother - I cannot say whether there were any other persons exactly on the stairs besides him and the three prisoners; I was behind my brother- there was no one between him and me; I saw him hustled from the top of the stairs to the bottom - some persons might have gone before me.


                  RICHARD 
                  WELSH
               



            . I am a labourer. I was at the beershop, and saw the two Hardys go down - I saw Sweeney and Henessey stand by the door; the prosecutor had to go down sideways to pass them; I saw Henessey make a grab at him, but there was another person between me and him, and I could not see what happened; they then shoved the prosecutor down stairs into the street - I saw Henessey put something into his own pocket, and when Hardy said he had lost his watch, I said, "It is Sweeney and Henessey."
Cross-examined. Q.Had you been acquainted with the prisoners before? A. No, I only knew them at that place; I never had any altercation with them, to my recollection - I never was before any Magistrate on a charge of assaulting Sweeney's brother, nor Henessey - my brother was; I never used any threat about Henessey, to my recollection.


                  HENRY 
                  COTTON
               



             I am a Police-constable. The three prisoners were taken in company together, in Wentworth-street, about half-past eleven o'clock at night; Hardy gave me a description of them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you find any thing on them? A.About 1l. 0s.7d.; they each had some money - I found no watch.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. I heard Sweeney say at the station-house, "The prosecutor cannot say which of the three took his watch."
Sweeney's Defence. Welsh came to me at Lambeth-street Police-office, and asked if I understood Irish - I said Yes; he then asked me to give the watch back - I said I knew nothing about it; he said it was false, for he saw Henessey take it, and give it to me; before the Magistrate he said he saw him take something, but he did not know what.
Henessey's Defence. Welsh went to Sweeney's mother, and said he saw me take the watch, and put it into my pocket: he said he would go to some gin-shop, stay till the row began, and then he would say some other person took it.
Buckley's Defence. The Magistrate asked Welsh if he saw me by the door, and he said he did not see me at all - I was in the house, having a pint of beer.
SWEENEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
HENESSEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
BUCKLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
