





1839. 
               
                  JANE 
                  CHARRINGTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, 1 spoon, value 2s. 6d., and 1 table-cloth, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Vincent
               




            , her mistress.
ELIZABETH VINCENT. I am single
, and live in Henry-street, Bedford-square, Commercial-road


 - the prisoner had been twelve months my servant
 of all work. On the 8th of August I went to the theatre, at half-past nine o'clock, leaving the property all secure; I left only the prisoner in the house - I was sent for, and informed something had occurred; I got home at twenty minutes past ten o'clock - I saw the prisoner at home; she said, "My dear creature, you are ruined, and robbed of your money, watch, chain, and two silk dresses," but I found the silkdresses were not gone; I asked if she had seen any one- she said she fancied some one brushed by her in the back yard; I asked her what sort of a person it was - she said he had a great-coat on; I took the candle, went up stairs, and found the three drawers were turned out of my chest of draweres, and were all in confusion - I had left them locked; I asked her where she had been - she said in at the next house playing at cards, and while there she heard a double knock at my door; that she thought I had come home, and she asked them to let her get over the back way and get in at the back door - she went to the street door, and found it bolted; the officer then came in, and I gave charge of the prisoner; I had a gold watch in my drawer, and the prisoner had seen me put three sovereigns to twenty-two, in a purse in the drawer, while she was making the bed in the morning; I left it all safe when I went to the play - I have never seen the watch or the money since; no person but the prisoner knew they were there - a table-cloth and spoon were afterwards produced, which I had not missed then; I afterwards found a key in the bottom of the coal-hole, which unlocked all my drawers; I believe I had seen that key in the prisoner's possession; my drawers had not been broken open - the prisoner went by the name of Lill when she first came to me; that was her first husband's name.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Was there any thing to have prevented the prisoner from absconding before you got home? A. No; there is a communication to the next house by the back way- she might have come in that way; 3s. 6d. was found on her; a Mrs. Carter might have visited at my house unknown to me - I have since heard she was in the habit of coming; I believe search has been made for her- the prisoner sent for me home, and told me of this; I know the persons who live at the next house - I have visited there, but not played at cards or drank tea there; I never allowed the prisoner to go - there is a kitchen and a wall between the two back doors; I have gone by the name of Thompson, but my name is Vincent.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was on duty, and went to this house; the prisoner was there, but the prosecutrix had not arrived - the prisoner said her mistress had been robbed of money and jewellery during her absence next door; that the people said there was a double-knock at the door, and as her mistress had desired her not to leave the house, she got over the back wall - when she got to the street door, she found it bolted; she said she fancied all was not right, went up stairs, found the drawers out, and missed the property - she said she fancied that as she got over the wall some one brushed by her, but it being dark she thought it was a cat; but when she found the drawers had been opened, she thought it was a person in a dark coloured coat; she went up again with me, and I saw the doors opened - I went backwards, and scaled several walls, but saw no one; there was nothing found on her.
Cross-examined. Q. What sort of a neighbourhood is this? A. The square is very respectable; some of the streets adjoining have bad houses in them, but I know of only one bad house in that street, and that is the prosecutrix's.


                  REBECCA 
                  CLUTTERBUCK
               



            . I searched the prisoner at the watch-house, and found this duplicate under her shift - she parted with it very reluctantly.


                  JAMES 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a tablecloth and spoon, pawned on the 8th of August, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lill
               



            , by a woman, for 1s. 6d. - I gave her this duplicate; it was not the prisoner who pawned them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent; the duplicate was picked up at the step of the door, when a person came to light a candle.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
