






335. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STONE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, 44 lbs. of butter, value 50s.; 1 basket, value 2s., and 1 butter-cloth, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Curtis
                        



                     
                  ; and that the said William Stone had been before convicted of felony
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hedges
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HEDGES
               



            . I am a carrier
, and live at Aston Abbots, Bucks. On the 15th of December I brought a flat of butter in my waggon, between five and six o'clock in the morning; I put it down by the side of the waggon, in Newgate-street


, near the market - it was to go to the Minories, to Mr. Metcalf, who was to send to the waggon for it; I just left the waggon before it was taken - I found it at the watch-house in less than an hour afterwards - I have not a doubt of it; the direction was on it; I do not know the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  FARMER
               



            . I am a patrol of Farringdon within. On the 15th of December, about a quarter after six o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Newgate-street, and met the two prisoners, and another person with them, coming down Newgate-street, towards Giltspur-street - Stone had got a flat of butter on his shoulder; I called to Lloyd, and told him my suspicions, and we ran down Newgate-street, and found they had all three stopped in Giltspur-street, and Mills was in the act of taking the flat of butter from Stone; he put it on his shoulder, and they went on; the third man turned, saw us coming, and crossed over the other side of the way, and gave a whistle - the prisoners turned down Windmill-court, which is no thoroughfare; we stood, and as they came out of the court we stopped them - Mills had then got the flat on his shoulder; they were both together - we stopped them; Lloyd asked Mills where he was going to take the flat - he said he was going to Mr. Smith's, in Whitechapel; we opened the flat, and it contained butter - there was a bill inside the flat; we then took them to the watch-house, and went out into Newgate-street to make inquiry -Hedges came to the watch-house.


                  JAMES 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am a patrol. About a quarter after six o'clock on the 15th of December, Farmer called me, and we followed the prisoners down Newgate-street, with another person, into Giltspur-street, and there Mills took the flat from Stone - the third man crossed the road; the prisoners turned down Windmill-court - we waited there until they came out; Mills had the flat then - I took it from his shoulder; I asked Mills where he was going to take the butter to - he said to Mr. Smith's, in Whitechapel; I asked where he brought it from - he said from Leadenhall-market.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEALE
               



            . I am clerk at the Rose, inn Smithfield. The flat was put under my care on the pavement in Newgate-street; I was looking at the directions on some more things, and did not see it taken - I missed it at a quarter after six o'clock; I saw it again at the watch-house, and knew it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
JOHN BURROUGHS. I am a Policeman. I have a certificate of a former conviction of Stone (read) - I was present when he was tried and convicted; he was confined one month - I am certain he is the man; I knew him before.
Stone's Defence. I met a young man in Newgate-street, who asked me where the Bull's Head, Smithfield, was -I said I would show him, and when I was within twelve yards of going out of Newgate-street, Mills asked me to carry the flat while he stopped for a certain purpose - I went down the turning, not knowing it was no thoroughfare.
Mills' Defence. I was looking for a job, and in Newgate-street, a gentleman asked if I wanted a job, and said,"If you will take this to Smithfield I will give you 1s.;" this man came by, and I asked him the way to the Bull's Head.
STONE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
MILLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
