



726. 




JOHN ROLFE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
13th of February, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



William Gibson, from his person.






WILLIAM GIBSON
. I live in Meline-place, St. John's-wood—I am in no profession now. On the 13th of February, between three and four o'clock. I was going to Russell-square from Tottenham-court-road—I was in Gower-street—a number of boys came up and said my pocket was picked—I missed a handkerchief from my pocket, worth about 2s. 6d.—they pointed out the prisoner, who was running, with two others close by him—one was a man-boy, and two men, the prisoner being one—I did not see them till they were pointed out—I followed and secured the prisoner.





CHARLES CORNISH
. I live with my mother in North-crescent, Tottenham-court-road. I saw three men standing at the corner of Alfred-place, nearest Tottenham-court-road, at the north end—the prisoner was one of them, I am certain—they seemed to be talking together—I saw the prosecutor pass—the three men followed him—they walked about the same pace as he went, and got close up to him—I saw the shortest one take the handkerchief out of his pocket—he laid hold of it, and pulled it out two or three inches at a time—it seemed a red handkerchief, with yellow or white spots on it—he passed it to one of the others, and he, I believe, passed it to a third, but I am not sure—the one who had it last, put it in his pocket—the prisoner was with the other men, but I don't believe he had the handkerchief at all—he was close to them, so as to see what the shortest one did, (a little behind, but kept up with them)—after the man put it in his pocket they ran across the road—the prisoner stopped when he got across—that was by Chenies-street, at the corner of Gower-street, just past Alfred-mews—the prosecutor secured him—the one who had the handkerchief in his pocket cried, "Stop thief," when they got up into Gordon-square.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not run at all—I was coming sharply up the street on the left-hand side—the thieves were on the right—the gentleman came up and said, "You have robbed me," and struck me in the face with his stick—it was full twenty minutes before I was given in charge—two boys came to Hatton-garden to say I was not with them, but the officers would not let them in.





WILLIAM HENRY COOPER
. I am twelve years old, and live with my

father, in John-street, Fitzroy-square. I was in North-crescent at the time this alarm was given—the prosecutor was walking along—the three men were talking at the corner of Alfred-place, and they all three followed him—they came up with him—the little one walked on first, and then took the handkerchief out of his pocket—it was a red one, with white or yellow spots—the little one passed it to one of the other men, and at last one of them put it in his pocket—they then crossed the road, and seeing me and some more boys go up and tell the gentleman, they began running—I heard no cry of "Stop thief"—they crossed the street—the gentleman gave the prisoner in charge—he had stopped before the gentleman came up to him.





WILLIAM GIBSON

re-examined. My handkerchief was an India bandannah, with yellow or white spots—it was off the same piece as this one ( producing one)—the prisoner kept on the west side of the street—the other two crossed to the other side—I was in Gower-street when they got up to me—I had come down Goodge-street.





CHARLES CORNISH
. It was a handkerchief like the one produced.

Prisoner. I was going to a person named Jackson, in the New-road, in Gower-street—I saw three persons pass me—two of them crossed the road—the other I lost sight of—the gentleman came up, and accused me of the theft—I denied it, and stopped with him till the policeman came up, but he gave me into custody. Witness. I am certain the prisoner is one of the three.

Q. Did you see his features? A. If it was not him, it was very much like him—I saw three men who did as I have described—I saw no fourth man, except the prosecutor—I have no doubt at all of the prisoner.





WILLIAM HENRY COOPER

re-examined. I am certain of the prisoner, he had his hat on—(the prisoner was here desired to put his hat on)—he is the man—he had not the same handkerchief on as he has now, but a kind of blue handkerchief—I noticed that when I saw him with the other two.





WILLIAM DODD
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody in Gower-street—I searched him, but found no property on him relating to the present charge—I was in Tottenham-court-road when I received the information—when I came up, he was surrounded by a mob—there was a whole group of boys round, as well as these two, and they all seemed to tell the same story.

Prisoner. It is false—they were the only two that said I was the man—the others said I was not the man.





WILLIAM GIBSON

re-examined. Nobody gave me a different account of it—a great many boys, who had been at play, ran up to me and said, those men had robbed me—I followed the prisoner, and called out "Stop thief," as loud as I could—I stopped a long time with the prisoner before the policeman came up, and he wanted to resist.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
