







1200. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     MEEK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STANNARD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 11s.; 3 silver spoons, value 12s.; 1 portrait, value 3l.; 2 pictures, value 10s.; 1 sheet, value 5s.; 2 table cloths, value 10s.; 3 shirts, value 12s.; 2 waistcoats, value 3s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s.; 1 half-crown; 1 shilling, and three coins, value 3s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           West
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Duer
                     



.
JOSEPH WEST. I have been lodging at No. 23, Paddington-street


. On the morning of the 14th of June, I left my room, locked my door, and hung the key over it, which I did every day, for the landlady to go in to make the bed, and she puts it there again for me - I went out before ten and returned about half-past nine o'clock at night - I then missed a gold pin from my table drawer, worth about 7s. - I did not miss any thing else that evening, but early the next morning I found the things in my cupboard had been disturbed, where I had secreted my bunch of keys - my boxes were still locked as I had left them, but on opening them I missed the articles stated in the indictment and some other things - I sent for my landlady and the officer - I went with the officer to Lisson-grove, where I saw my own portrait in Mr. Farley's shop, also the picture of a lady, and the interior of Lincoln College - here are some articles which Mr. Baker, the pawnbroker, produced, and Mr. Solomon brought some articles; they had all been safe in my boxes on the 14th.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. What is the value of the portrait? A. I valued it at 3l. 10s. - I gave 3l. 17s. for it; it was done by Mr. Burke - I do not know what the canvas is worth; these articles are marked J. W.; I believe they are all marked; this shirt is not marked, but I believe it belongs to me - there may be other shirts like it; my initials are on these tongs and spoons; I have no mark on these shoes, but I purchased them and wore them; I can swear to them by the ribbon, and altogether; they were not made for me - there may be many yards of ribbon like this - any person might get the key of the room and go in - I cannot tell who went in.
Cross-examined by MR. DAWSON. Q. What value do you place on the picture of the Lady? A. Ten shillings on the two; no one would give me that for them perhaps - I am not now married; I have been - I lived in service at General Pilkington's, in the park; and before that at 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cogan
               



            's, Esq. - I have never taken any women into my room; I have had no visitor's, but my laundress has called - I looked into my boxes every day - my drawer in which the razor and pin were, was not locked - there is no mark on this pin; it is rather crooked by means of wear - I can swear to it, it is one I fancied; I gave 7s. for it.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  DUER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Duer
               



            ; the prosecutor lodged in my house - I don't remember seeing any one there that day but the prisoners - I did not see them up stairs, but I let them out of the passage with a box - Meek had lodged with me from the 8th of June, but I had given him warning in consequence of his letting in a young man after my door was bolted; and on the 14th I let him and Stannard out with a box; they went out more than once, but I did not see them go - they were in the house between twelve and four o'clock; there were no other persons came to the house that day; if they had I should have known it - the prosecutor never had any woman there.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. How long had the prosecutor lived with you? A. Between three and four months - he has had no one to see him that I know of, only calls at the door - I was not out of my house on the 14th of June, to the best of my knowledge - I cannot tell whether my husband was at home - he is a carpenter; he sometimes works at home - I do not carry on any business; I attend to my lodgers - I furnish my attics for single men- I had four lodgers - Meek lodged in an attic, but I knew Stannard by coming to see him; and I have reason to think Stannard slept in my house.
Cross-examined by MR. DAWSON. Q. Does your husband employ workmen at home? A. Yes, sometimes, but he had no workmen there on the 14th of June.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOOKER
               



             (police-sergeant D 3). I found the prisoner in custody on the 15th of June, at Mr. Fairlam's, a pawnbroker in Lisson-grove - I found on Meek a key, which he said was the key of his box; I found the key of his room, and some duplicates which led me to Mr. Tomlinson's, where I found a table-cloth and two shirts, which are here - I then went to the lodging which both the prisoner's had taken in Harrow-street; and in the box which I opened with the key I took from Meek, I found this pin, the pair of shoes, a waistcoat, an under waistcoat, a pack of cards, a pair of silk stockings, and some other things - the prisoners told me where they lodged.
JOSEPH WEST. These are my property I have no doubt, though some of them are not marked.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Solomon, of Crawford-street, he deals in second-hand clothes; on Friday, the 14th, the two prisoners came to the shop, Meek asked me what we gave an ounce for old coin, I said, 4s. 11d.; he reached me some, which I weighed and paid him for - the two prisoners came again, and Meek sold me two silver salt spoons, which I paid him 4s. for, there were some initials on them, I asked if they were his own, he said, yes; the two prisoners came a third time, and I bought of Meek a caddy spoon and pair of sugar tongs for 7s; the coins were put into the window with others and I could not distinguish them, but these are the other articles.
Mr. Ellis, and Mr. Parker of Lisson-street, and Mr. Arnold, deposed to the good character of Meek.
MEEK - GUILTY. Aged 20. - 


               Value 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
STANNARD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
