



912. 




JOSEPH WIDDOWSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4t of March 1 coat, value 30s. and 1 cloak, value 3l. the goods of 



Thomas Parry.






THOMAS PARRY
. I live at Barnsbury street Islington. I had a coat and cloak on the 6th of March—I saw them safe a little before nine o'clock in the morning. hanging on a rail lin the passage—I did not mils them till I was told of it by the officer who has possession of hem there of four days after—this is my property.





BENJAMIN WORRALL
. I am servant to Mr. Holland, a butcher, who lives at, No.7, Lower road, Islington. At 10 clock on the morning of the 4th of march, I saw the prisoner and a companion I Barns bury street—the prisoner went up to the prosecutor's door—I do not know whether the servant came or not, but I came by directly—I saw him go, and I saw him in the passage there—he came out and ran by me with he thing sin his arms—the cloak appeared like this one—I could not see the coat—I followed them and the prisoner put the cloak into a bag in Barnsbury-place—the bag, after the things were put in it was given to the other man—I followed them till I saw a policeman and told him of it—the other man chaucked the

bag down and run away—the policeman took the prisoner, and then picked the bag up.

Prisoner. He stated before the Magistrate that at half past eleven o'clock he saw me knock or ring and during the time he was passing he saw me talking to a female and while se was gone I went in—and now he dose not say that. Witness. I saw him put his hand on the rails, where the bell is—I did not see him ring.

COURT. Q. You said, "I saw a servant woman come ah he must have said something, because she went in and left the door open." Do you mean to say you saw the servant-woman come? A. I thought I saw the woman a he door—I saw him go to a house opposite, and then a woman came and shut the door in his face an then he went to this door—I thought I saw a woman there.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me talking to a female at Mr. Parry's door? A. No, I did not—I saw him with his hands of the railing and I thought he rang he bell, and somebody answered the doorhe turned his head, as if he was talking to somebody.





WILLIAM KER
 (police constable, N 131.) I saw the prisoner on the 4th of March, a about half past eleven 'cloak—the witness came to me, and told me these two men were down River lane, with a bag—I went after them—the other man ha of hte bag—the prisoner was in company with him—they were walking—but when they saw me, one ran one way and one another—the prisoner ran a small distance and returned opposite to where the bag was—I secured him, and then took the bag with this property in it.

Prisoner. Q. You swear than I was sin company with the man that threw the bag away? A. Yes you were.

Prisoner's Defence. This lad ha sworn falsely—he said he saw me knock or ring at the door of Mr. Parry, and now he says he did not.




GUILTY
. Aged 30—


Transported for Seven Years.
