



1602. 




HENRY GREEN EATON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of May, at 
West Ham, 5 handkerchiefs, value 5s., the goods of 



Martha Pratt; 1 watch value 1l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1s.; 1 watch-key, value 1d.; 4 spoons, value 6s.; 4 sovereigns; 1 £10 and 1£5 Banknote; the goods and monies of 



Susanna Maria Eaton, in her dwelling-house.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






SUSANNA MARIA EATON
. I live at Stratford-green, West Ham. I have a lease of the house—I am single—the prisoner is my brother's son—he was in the habit of spending part of his vacation at my house, but I had forbidden him the house latterly—on Sunday, the 15th of May, I left my house to go to church, and when I returned, after the morning service, my servant opened the door—in consequence of what she said I went upstairs and found mu watch gone from the stand on my bed-room mantel-piece—I went to my closet to look for some money which I had put in the evening before, and found a £10 and a £5 Bank-note, four sovereigns, and some silver gone, and an old purse taken out of a pocket with 2s. or 3s.—I missed four silver tea-spoons from a closet in the front room, and other things—I went with his father in search of him that evening, and found him at Wright's Coffee-house, Charing-cross—I said, "Henry, you have been and robbed me again"—he said, "I have not been your house"—I said, "Yes, you have, and you have taken a great deal now; you have taken a great deal of money, and you have taken the watch again"—he said, "Ah, I have done it; you have put a halter round my neck"—I had a policeman with me—he said I should have all the things again—he did not say what things—as he went along he wanted to get his arm loose, but he did not—at the police-office they were going to search him, and he said, "Oh, here, I will give up the watch; here is the watch, and that is all you will find"—it is mine—it was not in a case—the case was gone—it had not been in it the stand, but he produced it in the case—the watch and case had not been together when I left them—he said at the station-house that his father could not afford to give him any thing, as he had got a family, and as I would not, he must have it somehow—when the policeman went to search him for the notes, he said, "Oh, you need not trouble yourself to search me, they are in too safe hands for you to get at them"





MARTHA PRATT
. I occupy two apartments in the prosecutrix's house. On the day in question I went her to church—I left my room with the

drawers all shut—the bed-room window was open—when I returned I found my room in very great confusion, mu drawers open and the window-shutter quite open—it had been rather closed—I missed five pocket-handkerchief and a large carving-knife and case with it, from the bureau—the officer found my two handkerchiefs on the prisoner—these are mine.





WILLIAM EVE
 (police-constable A 122.) On the evening of the 15th of May I received the prisoner in charge—when I got to the station-house, he said, "All you will find about me belongs to my aunt—I took the watch, and here it is"—he gave it to me after the inspector took the charge, and I searched him afterwards—I took two handkerchiefs from him—I told him I was searching him for a £10 and a £5 note—he said, "It is no use your searching me now; they are in too safe hands for you to get them".





SUSANNA MARIA EATON

re-examined. This is my watch and case—it has a gold face, but a metal case.





ANN HUGHES
 I am servant to Miss Eaton. On the 15th of May my mistress and Mrs. Pratt went out to church—after they were gone I saw the watch on the mantel-piece in her room—I did not see the prisoner at all, or hear him—nobody could get into the house except at Mrs. Pratt's bed-room window, which was wide open when I got the room—a person might get to that window from the garden.

Prisoner's Defence. Some time ago I was committed to prison for want of bail—I became acquainted with a young man of worse character than—he worked out of me the secrets of my aunt—I had perhaps robbed her before, but it was through distress—this young man worked out that secret—he told me it was his intention to go down there and rod her—I told him if he did I certainly should give him into custody—I did not see him for a few weeks afterwards, till the Sunday this took place, when I met him in Drury-lane—he informed me that he had been to my aunt, but not that he had robbed her—he asked me to take something to drink—I remember hearing him tell me the watch might discover me—it was not a suitable place to give in charge, knowing he was a desperate character, and not being able to defend myself, I might have got into more trouble than I have now, if I had.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

