



301. 




LUDLOW TEDDER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of December, 2 spoons, value 1l.; and 1 bread-basket, value 10l.; the goods of 



Fitzowen Skinner, her master.






FITZOWEN SKINNER, ESQ
. I am a barrister, and live at No. 25, Keppel-street, St. George's, Bloomsbury. I rent the house—the prisoner was in my service as cook since March last—I missed fourteen forks and eleven silver spoons, on Saturday night, the 1st of December, after the prisoner and her daughter were gone to bed—her daughter had the charge of the plate, but she had access to it—on the Sunday night her daughter came to me, and said her mother would drive her mad—I went down into the kitchen, and asked the prisoner what was the matter—she said it was about the plate that was missing—I asked her where it was—she said the had pawned it, but she would get it back on Monday morning—I had said nothing to induce her to confess—I asked her for the duplicates, and she gave them up—I sent her and her daughter to bed, and locked the house up—next morning I found my wife had missed table-cloths and other things—I asked the prisoner if she knew any thing about them—she denied all knowledge of them—I said, "Justice must take its course"—I went out to the Temple, to get a friend to be in the house, and locked the door, as I supposed, but when I returned the prisoner was gone, and I did not see her again till Tuesday the 16th, when she was in custody at Bow-street.





JOHN WENTWORTH
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a bread-basket, pawned on the 1st of December by the prisoner—this is the duplicate I gave for it—I have also eleven spoons, pawned by her at different times.

MR. SKINNER
re-examined. I did not miss the bread-basket till she gave me up the duplicates—this is my bread-basket—(looking at it)—I had seen it on the Thursday-week previous—I gave the duplicate she gave me to the policeman.





RICHARD LESLEY
. I am a policeman. That is the duplicate of the bread-basket Mr. Skinner gave me.




GUILTY
. Aged 47.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
