



695. 



JOHN DAVIS
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Bishop Gardiner, about twelve o'clock in the night of the 
6th of February, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 4 boxes, value 8d.; 4 half-crowns; 2 seals, value 5s.; part of a watch-chain, value 2rf.; 1 ring, value 6d.; 2 breast-pins, value 5s. 6s.; 1 brooch, value 1s.; 1100 buttons, value 9s.; 4 waistcoats, value 8s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 1 stock, value 1s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 2s. 6d.; 1 sheet, value 5s.; 1 yard of woollen-cloth, value 3s.; 1 hat, value 6d.; his goods and monies.






THOMAS BISHOP GARDINER
. I live in Bedfordbury, in the parish of. St. Martin-in-the-Fields. I keep the shop, parlour, and one room on the

first floor—I pay 8s. a week—Mr. Smith is the landlord—he lives at Chelsea—his father-in-law lives in the first floor of the house I live: in and works for him as a silver plater—I sleep in the back-parlour, which I use as my dwelling—I have let the up-stairs room to a widow woman—I go to my apartments by the shop-door, which opens into the street, without communicating with the rest of the house—I can go that way, but I never do—my occupation is distinct from the rest of the house—on the night of the 6th of February I was in and out three or four times, to get little errands for myself, and at a little past twelve o'clock I went to get a pint of porter for my supper—no one was in my place at the time my mother-in-law was very ill, and my wife was gone out to nurse her—I left the door on the spring lock, and put my shoulder to it to try it—I stopped about twenty minutes to drink the beer at the bar and when I came back the door was open—I am positive I left it locked, for I put my shoulder against it—when I returned I applied the key to the keyhole, the door gave way, and I saw the things all strewed about the place, ready to be taken off—I saw the prisoner there—I said, "Halloo, my gentleman"; (he had got his foot against the till, trying to force it open) I went to take him—he up with his fist, and hit me in the eye, and the struck me on the left cheek—I caught him by the neck and pulled him to the street-door—a number of articles of mine were removed from the place where I had left them—I had a chest of drawers—the top drawer was locked, and in that I had four half-crowns, two seals, part of a chain, a gold pin, a silver paste pin, a broken ear-ring, a little tassel of a reticule, four waistcoats, one pair of gloves, this stock which I have on my neck, and a pair of drill trowsers—in the second drawer, which was not locked, there was a shirt—the bed-curtains were in the bottom drawer—these things were all packed up ready to carry away—on the prisoner's person were found 1100 buttons, in this box, which were on a shelf when I went out.





THOMAS BEIRNE
 (police-constable F 140.) I was on duty in Bedfordbury, on the night of the 6th of February—I heard the cry, and went up to the shop—I found the prisoner and the prosecutor straggling in the kennel—the prisoner was over the prosecutor—I took him—we went into the shop, and the place was all ransacked—the prosecutor found he had lost four half-crowns and a little box of buttons—I found the box and the half-crowns in the prisoner's pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoners Defence. I was going along, three parts tipsy, saw the door open, and went in to get a light for my pipe—the gas was burning—I put these buttons and the money into my pocket—when the officer was asked before the Magistrate if there were any marks of the door being forced open, he said "No."





THOMAS BEIRNE

re-examined. I did not say any thing, for I had not seen it then—since then I have seen two marks on the door-post, as if with a bradawl, to push the lock back.




GUILTY
 of stealing only. Aged.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

