



428. 




JOSEPH MATTHEWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of December, 6 waistcoats, value 4l. 10s.; 1 coat, value 1l., 15s.; I handkerthief value 2s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; and 5 spoons, value 1l., 11s.; the goods of 



Henry Joseph Smith, in his dwelling-house.






SARAH MATILDA MATTHEWS
. I am laundress to Mr. Smith of New-qure, Lincolns Inn, where he has chambers—the prisoner is my son, and lives with me. On Monday, the 26th of December, I returned from Mr. Smiths chambers, about twelve o'clock in the day—I put the keys of the chambers into a basket in my sitting room, at No. 9, Great Turnstile—the prisoner came there to dinner about half-past one o'clock, and went out about three o'clock with his sister, who is about fifteen years old—he came back about five o'clock alone, and remained about half an hour, to the best of my recollection—he then went out alone, and I did not see him again till he was in custody—I went to Mr. Smith's chambers about eight 0'clock the same evening, and found three drawers partly open in a room there, which I am usually in—I had left them shut—I think the closet door was a little open—1 missed a pair of sugar-tongs, which I believe were safe when I left the chambers in the morning—in consequence of what I discovered I went down stairs, and knocked at the door of Mr. Turner, the clerk, I begged him to come up, and I remained there till Mr. Smith came in, which was between eleven and twelve o'clock.


Cross-examined by
MR. JONES.Q. Was your son living at home with you? A. Yes—I sent him that afternoon with his sister to take tea at Islington—I did not know at what time he would return—he was only gone to Battlebridge—I should say it was nearer six than five o'clock, when he came home—when I went to the chambers at eight o'clock, I took the keys from the same place where I had put them at eleven o'clock.





HENRY JOSEPH SMITH, ESQ
. I am a barrister, and have chambers at No. 8, New-square, Lincolns Inn, in the parish of St. Clement Danes. On Monday afternoon, the 26th of December, I left about four o'clock, I returned at eleven o'clock, and found Mrs. Matthews there—in consequence of what she stated, I looked at the drawers in my bed-room, and missed six waistcoats, and one handkerchief—and from the servants' room, three tea-spoons, the sugar-tongs, one salt-spoon, a table-spoon, and a great coat—I think the whole were worth 7l., or 8l., at the lowest—I hate since seen two of the waistcoats, and the great coat—the prisoner lived with me several years formerly as clerk and servant, but not just at that time.

Cross-examined. Q. The clothes were in a different room to the plate? A. Yes, the great coat was in the passage—I am not so sure of the coat—I have some little doubt of its identity—the prisoner left my service once, and I took him again—he continued about a year the second time, and left about August last—there are three sets of keys to my chambers—one the laundress had, one I had myself, and one a clerk would have had, if I had had one, but I had no clerk at the time, and the third set were in a drawer in my room—I never missed them—I had my own keys with me that day—I cannot say how long before I had seen the third set—I had seen the I waistcoats about a week before—when I came in the drawer was open, it had not been locked—I think it was drawn out—all the waistcoats were in the same drawer—I had not missed any of them before.





JAMES BAYLIS
. I am shopman to Edward Baylis, a pawnbroker, of Hampstead-road. On Monday night, the 26th of December, the prisoner I came to our shop—I did not know him before—it was very near eight o'clock—he brought a great coat, and two waistcoats, on which I lent him 1l., in the name of George Robinson—I have the counterpart of the duplicate—this one which the policeman has produced is the same I delivered to the person pawning the goods.





ISAAC KEEN
 (police-sergeant F 2.)I took the prisoner into custody on the night of the 26th of December, about twelve o'clock, at his mother's—I found on him 2l. 1s. 2d., in money, a pocket-book, seventeen duplicate. I and a quantity of other articles—he said he was accosted by two men near the pawnbroker's, who requested him to take these things in and pawn them—and when he came out, the men were gone, and he retained the duplicates—he said he had seen one of the men about Lincolns Inn Fields, but could not describe him sufficiently to be apprehended.

MR. SMITH
re-examined, (trying the great coat on) I am not entirely positive about this coat—I very seldom wear a great coat, it fits me, and it is the same colour, and has a velvet collar—the waistcoats are the same form, shape, and colour—I believe them to be mine, and the great coat also.

MR. JONES.Q. What value do you set on them? A. 10s. each—they are nearly new—I have worn one a good deal—it cost me 1l.—I value the great coat at about 30s.—I had remained in my chambers from twelve o'clock till four, without going out—I am quite sure I shut the door when I went out—I generally lock it—I will not swear I locked it that day—

never leave it open—I once found I bad by mistake left the outer door open, when I thought I had shut it—I might have pulled it to without locking it—I did not look to see whether I fastened it or not—I sleep at the chambers.

COURT. Q. What are the waistcoats worth each? A. The three velvet ones were worth 1l., each—the other three about 10s., each—the great coat 25s., or 30s.—the handkerchief 2s.,; sugar-tongs, 10s.; the spoon, 9s., or 10s.; it is an old one—the tea-spoons, 5s. each, and the salt-spoon 3s. 6d. (Charles Forster Hamilton, Greek-street, Soho; James Vine, I slingtongreen;—Lowe, Bride-court, Fleet-street; and Chippendale, tobacconist Turnstile, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only—Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy
. 


Transported for Seven Years.
