



953. 




FREDERICK WARE
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering, on the 
6th of January, at Christ Church, a bill of exchange for 49l. 15s., with the intent to defraud 



Samuel Hart and another.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL HART
. I am a currier, and live in Union-street East, Spitaltields. I know Mr. Hill, a coach-maker, in Little Moorfields—I have had transactions with him in business, in the course of which I saw the prisoner frequently, as his clerk. On the 5th of January, he called on me and brought this bill, saying Mr. Hill would be greatly obliged to me if I would discount it, that he wished to have the money, and I should be doing him a favour by discounting it—after a few words about it, I said I would give him 40/. towards it at that time—I merely said I had not a large stock of money at the banker's at the time—I had objected the day before to discount it, as it was not payable in London, it would not be of any service to me, and that it must be payable in London—he said be would take it back, and get it made made so—I said I would let bio have money on it when it was payable in London—it was merely "Accepted, T. Rich"—it was addressed, to "T. Rich, grocer, High-street, Croydon"—he brought it the next day with the words, "Payable at No. 21, Little Moorfields, "which is Mr. Hill's place of business, and I gave him 40l. by a cheque on Ladbroke's—I had accommodated Mr. Hill with a loan of money before—the cheque was drawn in the name of myself and partner (bill read at four months after date, for 49l. 15s.) the cheque was returned to me as paid by my banker—I have only one son in partnership with me—on the 3rd of March I received this letter by the twopenny post, in consequence of which I went to Mr. Hill next morning.





JOHN BROOKS HILL
. I live at No. 21, Little Moorfields. This letter is not my writing—I believe it is the prisoner's—he was in my employ for three months, but not at the time the letter was written—the letter is like his writing—some part of it is very much like his own writing—the signature is not at all like his writing—the body of the note is like his general writing—(read)—"To Mr. Hart, No. 1, Union-street, Spitalfields, Sir, Will you oblige me with the remainder of that bill you had a short time ago of 49l.; I have had 40l.; if you can oblige me with it, will you be kind enough to inclose the cheque in a note addressed to Mr. Harding. at Mr. Washington's, Wenlock-street, St. Luke's, and it will save a great deal of trouble. J. B. Hill. P. S. Be kind enough to let him have it as soon as you receive this—I cannot come myself."


MR. HART
re-examined. I did not send to Wenlock-street, but to Mr. Hill's own house—he then came to me, and this was discovered.





JOHN BROOKS HILL

re-examined. The signature to this bill is not my handwriting, nor is the indorsement—I believe it to be the prisoner's—the body of the bill I can swear is his—I never gave him authority to use my name—I have made inquiry at High-street, Croydon, and find no such person at Mr. Rich, a grocer, lives there, nor can any one recollect such a person there for many years—I received a communication about a sum of 9l. from Mr. Hart, and went to him about it—I never sent the prisoner to Mr. Hart to discount a bill—he left me on the 23rd of January.

Prisoner. Q. You sent me with an 80/. bill before Christmas last? A. I never did, that I am aware of—I sent him with a note to barrow 30l. in December.





EDWIN BREWER
. I am clerk at Ladbroke's. I paid this cheque—I know it by a private mark on it.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

