





2008. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     HAYES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, 1 pair of stays, value 3s., and 3 handkerchiefs, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Hart
                        




                     
                  ; and that she had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CHARLES HART
               



            . I live with my father in Vauxhall-bridge-road


. On the 30th of July, in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner inside his shop in the act of secreting a pair of stays under her petticoats - she had not offered to buy any thing; I asked her what she was going to do with them - she denied having them, and dropped them at the same time: I am sure she was trying to conceal them, for I came into the shop about two minutes before, and watched her putting them under her petticoats; the handkerchiefs were not found till she was going to the station; when she had got three or four yards from our house they were found under her things - this shawl was found in her bosom at the station; they are all my father's - his name is Matthew.
Prisoner. It is quite false that I went to put them under my clothes - I went to look at a pair of stays; there were two young women in the shop when I went in; and when he came to me, he said if I would give him 4s. for them, he would not take me. Witness. No I did not.


                  JOHN 
                  BASS
               



             (Police-constable B 4). At half-past two o'clock, on the 30th of July, I went to the shop, and took the prisoner - when we had got a few yards from the shop, I saw what I thought was a handkerchief about the lower part of her legs; I looked, and found these two handkerchiefs; I took hold of them, and pulled them down - I took this blue shawl from her at the station, and this large knife was taken from her bosom.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. As I was turning from the door these two handkerchiefs were outside, they were not in the shop.


                  JOHN 
                  CHARLES HART
               



            . I missed them from the side of the door.
Prisoner's Defence. His sister came into the shop, and desired him not to take me - I offered 2s. 6d. for the stays, and he said he would have 4s., or he would prosecute me if it were only for his expences.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREENIN
               



            . I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, on the 31st of March, 1831, which I got from the clerk of the Westminster Session - I was present when she was convicted; she was imprisoned four months.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18 - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
