





311. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WARNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, 1 hat, value 2s., and 1 handkerchief, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Judd
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUDD
               



            . I have been lately discharged from the Marines, on a pension of 10d. a day
. On Thursday night, the 27th of December, I was at the Jolly Butchers, in the Green-lanes, Enfield


; I had been to see my brother in that neighbourhood - I took my hat off, which had my handkerchief in it, and put it on the form by my side,I laid my head on the table, and got into a doze; I awoke about a quarter before ten o'clock, and missed my hat and handkerchief - I went out and saw the prisoner, who was a stranger, with my hat on his head, by the side of his own waggon - he was just going to drive off; I went up and said, "You have got my hat on;" "You be d-d," said he - I said, "I am sure it is," and just at that time the horse-patrol came up, and said he would soon see who it belonged to - he took my hat off the prisoner's head, and found in it my handkerchief and a cap; I know them to be mine.


                  JAMES 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was on duty in the Green-lanes a little after ten o'clock - I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner close by the waggon; I heard the prosecutor claim his hat; I took it off the prisoner's head, and found this handkerchief and this cap in it - the prisoner said the hat was his; he was not the driver of the waggon, but a sort of cad - I told him I should take him, and the driver got into the waggon, gave the prisoner a very old hat, and said that was his; he said he would stand a quartern of gin if we would mix it up and settle the business - I said I did not do business in that way.


                  JOHN 
                  WALKER
               



            . I was at the public-house; I saw the prosecutor sitting there - the prisoner came in with a round leather cap on; he took this hat up, put it on, and walked out with it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I was rather in liquor, and did not know whether I had a hat or a cap on.
JAMES GEORGE. I am well aware he knew what he was doing, and if I had not come up he would have ill-used the prosecutor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
