



419. 




JEREMIAH DONOVAN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charlotte Dance, at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, about the hour of 11 in the night of the 
12th of December, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 blankets, value 10s.; 1 counterpane, value 3s.; 1 bed cover, value 1s.; 1 basket, value 1s.; and 17 oranges, value 9d., her goods.






CHARLOTTE DANCE
. I live at No. 7, Princes-court, Princes-street, London-road, in the parish of St. George's, Southwark. I occupy the whole house—there arc only two rooms—the prisoner lives opposite me.

On Wednesday, the 12th of December, a little after ten o'clock at night, I went out—I locked the door and took the key with me—the doors and windows were quite safe—I returned at twelve o'clock or a little after—I found my street-door open—I returned to my stall and told my daughter—she returned with me—I missed two blankets, a counterpane, a piece of bed-furniture, seventeen oranges, and a basket—when I went out the blankets were on the bed—I cannot tell how anybody had got in—I called the policeman, went up and discovered marks of a person having eased themselves on the floor.





JAMES CUDDY
. I am a policeman. On the night of the 12th of December, I was on duty about one hundred yards from the prosecutrix's house, and met the prisoner in St. George's-road, with a basket on his head, with bed-clothes shoved into it, and part of them hanging out over his shoulders—I stopped him and questioned him—he said he was removing from a court in Wellington-street to the New Cut—he was not in the right way for that—I said the New Cut was in the way to the station-house, and I took him there—as we went along he said, I had no occasion to take him to the station-house, he was going to his sister's, who lived in the New Cut—I took him to the station-house, and found in the basket the blankets, merinos, oranges, and other things—he then said the things were given to him by a man in St. George's-road to carry—I found a key on him, which he told the Magistrate was the key of his mother's door—I examined it with the prosecutrix's door, and found that it both locked and unlocked it quite freely, but it would not act with the lock of his mother's door.

Prisoner. What questions did you put to me? Witness. What you had got there—you said you were moving—it was about twenty minutes after eleven o'clock.





CHARLOTTE DANCE

re-examined. These articles are all mine—here is the shopkeeper's private mark on the blanket—it is a piece of paper—this merino is mine and this counterpane, which has the name of St. George on it—it was given to me and I mended it here—this is my fruit basket, and and has E T on it—it was lent me by a shopkeeper.

Prisoner's Defence. I was standing outside a public-house door—a man with a velveteen shooting jacket came up and said, "Carry this for me, and I will give you a pot of beer to carry them to the Olive Branch in the New Cut"—he told me which way to go—as to the key, my mother gave it me on the Wednesday, while she went to the hospital with my sister, who was very poorly.
—DONOVAN. I am the prisoner's mother, and live in Princes-court—this is my key, it opens my door.





JAMES CUDDY

re-examined. This woman came out of a house on the day of the examination—I compared the key with the door she came out of and could not get it to act.
—DONOVAN
re-examined. It was my own house I was coming out of.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, DECEMBER 31st, 1838.
