



2159. 




WILLIAM EGERTON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
27th of September, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 key, value 1d.; 10 sovereigns, and 14 half-crowns, the goods and monies of 



William Norton, his master, in his dwelling-house.







WILLIAM NORTON
. I am a tailor, and live in Cross-street, Hatton-garden in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. The prisoner was my journeyman. On Sunday, the 27th of September, I left the house at seven o'clock in the evening, and returned at eleven o'clock—I had left the prisoner and my two sons in the house, but nobody else—when I returned, the prisoner was gone—he todged with me, but did not come home afterwards he absconded—I had left my purse, with ten sovereigns and fourteen half-crowns in it, and a small key; in a bottom drawer of a chest of drawers, in my bed-room—the room door was not locked—I had seen the property safe at four o'clock in the afternoon—when I came home I found him gone—I examined, and missed the purse and money—I was at home from four to seven o'clock—nobody had been in the house except a woman, who was not out of my sight.





JAMES NORTON
. I am the proseeutors son. On the 27th of September, I came home at about seven o'clock in the eveening—my father went out after that, and I remained at home, with my brother and the prisoner—we were all three in the kitchen—I and my brother went out about half-past eight o'clock, leaving the prisoner at home—I had shut the door after me—I returned in ten minutes—I knocked at the door, and he opened it—there was nobody but him in the house—he proposed having something to drink, and as he had told me he had no money of his own, I gave him 6d. to fetch a pot of beer—he went out to fetch it, and never returned—I had been at home from seven o'clock, except for ten minutes.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I said I had no money? A. I do say so—you did not show me any money—my brother did not tell me he had given you some money.





WILLIAM VEARY
. I live at West Wycomb, in Bucks. I took the prisoner into custody about three quarters of a mile from West Wycomb, on Tuesday the 6th of October—I told him he was my prisoner, and that there was so and so in the "Hue and Cry"—I told him it was for robbing his master, Mr. Norton—he said he knew no such man as Norton—I searched him and found two sovereigns, one at the bottom of each stocking, on his feet; also one sovereign in a snuff-box, and he had one in a little slip cut in his coat, one loose in his coat pocket, and 4s. 1 1/2d. in his trowsers pocket.
(The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that he had fractured his skull when a child, ever since which, drink had produced temporary insanity, in which state he must have been when be committed the offence.)





WILLIAM NORTON

re-examined. I never knew him exhibit symptoms of insanity—I have heard him say he met with an accident some years ago—he has a habit of pawning his clothes, and every thing when in liquor—I always had a good opinion of him.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

