





1209. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MARES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, 1 hat, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Tanner
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 coat, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Thackham
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  SANDER
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Sander, a cooper - we live opposite 
               
                  Ann 
                  Ford
               



            . On Tuesday last I saw the prisoner come out of No. 12 with a hat in his hand, and the coat across his arm - he had a blue cap on his head; I had seen him before with a fur cap on - I went and told Mrs. Ford; we pursued, but lost sight of him - I saw the officer bring him out of Tabernacle-place with the things.


                  ANN 
                  FORD
               



            . I was in the house No. 12, where I lodge; Sander came and told me the lad had taken something; I looked, and missed a hat and coat which I had seen not five minutes before - we pursued the prisoner, but lost sight of him; when he was taken, he said he had bought them of a little boy for 5s. 6d.


                  PHILIP 
                  CHETWOOD
               



            . I found the prisoner in a garden in a court, sitting on the property - he said he paid 5s. 6d. for them to a boy.


                  HENRY 
                  TANNER
               



            . This hat is mine; I had hung it in the passage at Mrs. Ford's house, about two o'clock last Tuesday.
GEORGE THACKHAM. This coat is mine; I had not seen it for about a fortnight before - I had left it at Ford's.
Prisoner's Defence. I gave 5s. 6d. for them to a boy dressed in blue.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
