



303. 




RICHARD EDWARDS
 was indicted

 for a robbery on 



Mary Ann Goose, on the 
10th of December, putting her in fear, and taking from her person and against her will, 5 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



Robert Leuid Goose.






MARY ANN GOOSE
. I am the wife of Robert Leuid Goose, and live in Caroline-buildings, Lambeth. On the night of the 10th of December, I went with him to the Marsh-gate public-house, inn the Westminster-road between eleven and twelve o'clock—the prisoner and several other persons were there—I knew him by sight before—the prisoner said to my husband "Will you stand some gin?"—my husband said "No"—I counted my money out into a bit of paper, at the same time, because I was going to put it separate from 18d., which I was going to spend in tea and sugar that evening—I had 5s. 6d. besides the 18d.—when my husband refused to give any gin, the prisoner said, "You b—I will serve you out for it"—I then went out, and my husband followed me—when he came out he was struck by the prisoner several times—I could not perceive that the prisoner was intoxicated—he struck my husband in the head and in the face mostly—a great many persons had followed us out of the public-house, and the prisoner was one—when we got to the Marsh-gate, my husband was hit again and stunned—he staggered, he had no sense in him—he was perfectly sober—a man, who is not in custody, said, "Now then, the left"—that man had hit my husband before, and knocked him down several times—the prisoner then seized my hand directly, and snatched the money away from it, saying, "Let go, you b----" he wrenched open the the hand, and run away immediately—I lost my boa at the time, but I do not charge the prisoner with that—the prisoner had an opportunity of seeing me counting my money at the public-house—I saw him look at me at the time. I am certain he saw me counting it, but I do not know that he knew the amount—he stood right before me, looking at me—my husband was greatly ill-used—they fractured his jaw—he lost nothing—I am certain what I have said is correct—he took from my hand 5s. 6d. which was wrapped in a bit of newspaper.





ROBERT LEUID GOOD
. I was in the public-house on the 10th of December

between eleven and twelve o'clock, with my wife—there were several men and woman there—the prisoner knew me before—he asked me to give him some gin—I did not answer him at first—he asked me again, and I said I should not—he then asked me again whether I would not stand a quarter—I said I should not; I did not see why I should stand gin for him—he then began to have words, and I told my wife we had better go out—she was putting some money into a piece of newspaper which was open in her hand—my wife went out first, and when I got to the door I received two violent blows in my mouth from the prisoner—they were followed up close—I was afterwards struck by several more persons when I go out—I was hit to a stand still, and my mouth was all in a gore of blood—a number of persons gathered round me—the prisoner followed with them—he walked alongside of me, and said if I had stood the gin the row would not have happened—I had then got about a hundred yards from the public-house, towards my home—I was knocked down several times—I was then very near a hundred yards from the Marsh-gate—the Marsh-gate is nearly two hundred yards from the public-house, and I was about half-way from each—they wanted to drag me down a dark lane there—they said, "Bring the b----down here, and murder the b----down the lane"—they said that once I had them in my power, but I could not help myself—(I once belonged to the police)—with that somebody came up behind me and struck me with his fist, or something else, and fractured my jaw with the blow—I could not see what the blow was inflicted with—as soon as I could recover myself I was obliged to make my escape, for the mob was so strong on me—I did not fall from the blow—I went all ajaw into the road—I went down through the gate—I was not knocked down—I gathered myself up—my hands were grazed—after I received the blow in the face I fell sprawling into the road, off the foot-path, on both my hands—I gathered up my hat and ran away, and the mob after me—I went home and stripped myself, for I was smothered in blood and mud—I changed my coat and hat, and then came back to look after my wife at the Marsh-gate—I was absent about an hour—I found her with a policeman at the Marsh—gate turnpike—she had no boa on then—she had had one when we left the public-house—I had given her the money on the Saturday evening, and saw the silver in her hand at the public-house—I have known the prisoner a long while while I was in the police—he never interfered with me, and I never had a word with him—I have since ascertained he was in liquor, or else I do not think he would have done it—he was always civil, and since I have been out I have been in the habit of seeing him every day—I complained directly to the police—my wife mentioned the prisoner, I believe, to the police, the same night, but not in my presence.





MARY ANN GOODS

re-examined. Q. Did you make any complaint against the prisoner by name, the same night? A. Not by name—I could not—I did not know his name—I had seen him a great many times and knew him perfectly well by sight—I complained of him to a police-man, who is not here—I went before the Magistrate on Tuesday morning the 13th—the prisoner was taken on the 12th—I did not get my money back.

Prisoner's Defence.. I was at the Marsh-gate public-house on Saturday evening, and making rather free with two or three people—the witness came in—I had a few words with him, but what it was about I do not recollect I recollect going out, and we struck blows—by that time, a mob of people gathered round us—some of the mob knew him, and said,

"That is Goose, the policeman that was, he is turned a common informer"—I said, "You had better go on, there will be sure to be a row"—I walked to the Marsh-gate—my hands were down, and at the time there were about 100 people round us—his wife I never saw—where we got to the Marsh-gate, somebody hit him in the face, and knocked him into the road—several people hit him going along, but I never touched him—when he was knocked down, I said, "You had better let the man alone"—I came back to the Marsh-gate, stopped there, and had something else to drunk, and afterwards I was with my cab—I was standing talking to the policeman, and he said, "You had better go home, you have had too much already" I went home at last—I did not got to the stand till very late the next day, and then heard the policeman had been after me—next afternoon I went to the policeman, and said, "I understand you wish to see me?" he said, "Yes, I do"—I said, "what is it about? I suppose it is the row with Goose?"—he said "Yes, it is—I said, "Very well, I am going to have a pint to beer, and will walk to the station-house with you"—I had the porter, and went to the station-house, and remained then while the policeman went to fetch Mrs. Goose—when she came she gave me in charge, but I had never seen her in my life, to my knowledge, before—I said it was a very hard case I should be given in charge, and I would not be locked up that night, but would come in the morning, if I was to be given in charge—I told the Magistrate I was very tipsy, and had a row with the man, but the wife I never saw before.—if I had not been tipsy I should not have insulted him or any body.





MARY ANN GOOSE

re-examined. I am confident the prisoner is the man who snatched the money from me—he forced my hand open, and took it out—I did not make this charge from resentment—I should be sorry to do so.

JURY. Q. What degree of light was there near the spot where you say he wrenched your hand and took the money? A. A gas-light—it was quite clear—I could tell his features among 5000—I am quite sure the man who struck my husband at the door, was the man who took my money—it did not fall on the ground—he took it out of my hand with his hand, and then ran away.





THOMAS BURBIDGE
. I keep cabs and hackney-coaches, and live in Regent-street, Lambeth. I have known the prisoner between four and five years—he worked for me, and I believe him to be an honest character—I have a word to say, there is a person outside who was accused of this charge, by Mrs. Goose—I did not know of it till last night.

MRS. GOOSE
re-examined. I never charged any one but the prisoner with the robbery—I charged another person with hitting my husband—I cannot tell his name—I saw him at Mr. Edwards's public-house, at the corner of the New Cut—(looking at a man named Doo)—that is not the man I changed with striking my husband—the policeman brought this man up at the time, and showed him to me, and asked it that was the man, and I said no.





THOMAS WILLIAM REDFORD
 (police-constable L 52.) (Witness for the prosecutor, called by desire of the Jury.) I took the prisoner into custody on Monday night about eight o'clock—I met him near the Marsh-gate public-house—I told him I wanted him—he said he understood I had been looking for him. I said, "I suppose you know what I want you for"—he said, "Yes, for the disturbance which took place on Saturday night, I have came on purpose to see you"—I said, "You must go with me to the station-house"—there

was another young man with him, and they both went with me to the station-house—on our road the prisoner said if he had not been in liquor this would not have taken place—I went and fetched the prosecutrix, and she came to the station-house—she had described the prisoner to me, and she recognised him immediately as the man who had robbed her, but the other she would not charge—the address of the other was taken down, and he was allowed to go.

JURY. Q. Did the prosecutrix mention the prisoner to you by name, or only his description? A. Not by name, she gave me an accurate description of him—I knew the prisoner as a cab man on the rank, and I took a cab man on the rank who they call George by mistake—there are two or three together, and they dress very much alike—the prisoner is the only person the prosecutrix ever said robbed her—she never expressed a doubt of him—she did not assume an angry manner at all.

COURT. Q. Did she make the charge to you on the Saturday night? A. I was not on duty on Saturday night—she came to me on Monday morning—she was quite composed.

MRS. GOOSE
re-examined. I might have let go the money by fear more than from his wrenching it out of my hand.




GUILTY of stealing from the person only.—Aged 25,



Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

