






Before Mr. Baron Bolland.
92. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GEORGE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAMSTEAD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Robinson
                        




                     
                  , the elder, on the 26th of October
, at St. Dunstan, Stebonheath, alias Stepney, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 20s.; 6 spoons, value 10s.; 1 box, value 1s.; 1 seal, value 6d.; 3 keys, value 6d.; 1 pair of tongs, value 1s.; 1 purse, value 1d.; 6 sovereigns, 1 crown, 4 shillings, one 10l., and one 5l. Bank note, and 1 promissory note, value 180l., his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I live in Eagle-place, Princes-street, Mile-end, and rent the house; it is in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney


 - I am a grocer's porter
. I left my house at seven o'clock in the morning, on Friday the 26th of October; I did not return till nine in the evening - I left my wife at home; she is not here: when I came home I found the place was broken open - I found my wife at home; my son had detected the robbery before I got home - my house was all in confusion, and several neighbours there; it had been opened, by forcing the back door with some instrument: there was the appearance of a wrench between the back door, and the post - it was not locked, but fastened inside; my table drawer was broken open, and six silver tea-spoons, and a leather purse, containing 4s., taken out: I had seen it in the purse the day before - my wife had the key of the drawer, and takes money when she wants it; I lost a watch from up stairs, and a box, containing a purse with six sovereigns, and a crown-piece, a 10l., and a 5l. note, and a promissory note for 180l. - I had the key of that box myself.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Was any body but your wife left in the house? A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  McKENZIE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended George about ten minutes before one o'clock on the morning of the 27th of October, in Albion-street, Commercial-road; I found a silver watch, six silver teaspoons, 9s., a 10l. note, and a 5l. note on him - all the property but the notes were in his pockets; he said the watch was his own, and that he found the spoons - he had something clenched in his left-hand; I asked what it was - he said only a piece of paper, but it turned out to be the two Bank notes; he afterwards said he had found all the property together in Finsbury-square, watch and all - there was a half-crown, and a sixpence among the silver.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I work for Mr. Burton in Eagle-place - he is a chair-maker; I know Hamstead, but not the other. On Friday evening, the 26th of October, about five minutes to eight o'clock, I was there, and four persons came into the shop between five and six- our shop is about four doors from Robinson's; it was George, Hamstead, Buce, and Dennis - Buce and Dennis are neighbours; they generally came there to see us work; Buce and Dennis went back into the yard; the prisoners remained in the shop - master has only a yard behind the house; Dennis came out of the yard in about a quarter of an hour - I did not see Buce again; Dennis had something in his hand when he came back, I could not tell what it was; whatever he had, he must have left in the shop, for he took nothing out with him; he joined the prisoners, and they all three went out together: in about a quarter of an hour, master came in, and ordered them out, and as George went out, he threw a bundle of shoes under the bench, and left them there - they were translated shoes.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you worked for your master? A. Three years; Hamstead lived about two minutes' walk from the shop - I saw them all four come in together; I saw nothing of Buce after he went into the yard - the prisoners did not go out till all three left together; I did not see Hamstead at our shop afterwards - I leave work at eight o'clock, leaving master there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am a chair-maker. Holland worked for me; I had gone to tea at five o'clock, and returned at six: I found the prisoners, and Dennis in the shop - I told them to go out; George asked leave to leave his bundle there, and before I could say Yes: he threw it under the bench - they went out; I did not see them again.
Cross-examined. Q. Did George leave before the others? A. No.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FAGAN
               



            . I am an inspector of Police. I had charge of George at the station-house, and asked where he got the watch and other property; he said he was going from his home to Playhouse-yard with some shoes, which he had made up, and in passing along Finsbury-square, he found them - after the constable had searched him, this leather purse was found on him.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . This is my purse, this watch is mine; I have had it about thirty years, and the spoons are mine: I have had them twenty-eight years - I have not got the numbers of the notes, but Mr. Warner's name was on one, and Mr. Young's on the other, and I find those names on them; I have never seen the promissory note.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            , JUN. I am the prosecutor's son. I was not in the house on this Friday - I had come home to my master's shop, which is a few doors off, about eight o'clock, and my mother passed me to go home; I did not go with her, but in less than half a minute, my attention was called to the house - I went and found the front door open, she hadnot been into the house, I am certain; a neighbour brought a light, and I saw the table-drawer broken open - the lock was torn completely off; I called the Policeman to examine the premises - I saw the back door had been broken open; the Policeman found an instrument in the next house.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know how long your mother had been absent? A. No.


                  RICHARD 
                  HUNT
               



             (Police-constable H 79). I was called in by Robinson, and in Mr. Burton's shop, which is next door, I found this crow-bar.
George's Defence. I left home about six o'clock with my work - I saw Dennis and asked him if Mr. Burton was at home, as we often went there at night; he said he believed he was - I went in, and had not been there five minutes before Dennis and Buce came in; Buce went backwards, Dennis remained in the shop - Dennis said to me"Leave your bundle here, for I want to speak to you;" I went out, and he told me to stand in Princes-street till he came to me, and in a quarter of an hour Robert and 
               
                  James 
                  Buce
               



             came to me - James Buce said he had half a dozen tea-spoons which he had got out of the house; soon after 
               
                  Robert 
                  Buce
               



             and Dennis came and told me to go down to Whitechapel, and they would meet me - they did, and asked me to take these things to sell as I dealt in Petticoat-lane; being in great distress, I took them to sell.
GEORGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
HAMSTEAD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
