



137. 




CHARLES WILSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of November, at 
Mile-end Old Town, 2 watches, value 7l.; the goods of 



John Thomas Ayres, in his dwelling-house.






JOHN THOMAS AYRES
. I live in Tooley-street, and keep a silver-smith's shop. This robbery took place at No. 22, Commercial-road, where I have a shop, it is about two miles from where I live—I have two servants residing there.





JANE SHERMAN
. I am in the employ of Mr. Ayres, and live and sleep at his shop in the Commercial-road. Last Saturday the prisoner came into the shop, and asked to look at a watch, marked 4l. 10s., about nine o'clock in the evening—there was another marked 5l. 10s., which hung in the window—I showed him them both—he said he would consult he friend whether he would give so much, and return again in half an hour—he came back about ten o'clock—he said he had been gone longer than the time he mentioned—he asked for the watch—I showed him one of them again—he then asked for the other, to look at them both again—he then asked what was the least I would take for the 5l. 10s. one—I told him five guineas—he then asked if I had keys to fit them—I went to the glass-case, on the counter, to get the keys, and while I was getting them he ran off with the watches—the lad in the shop pursued him—he was taken up immediately, taken to the station-house, and searched there—he took both the watches—I saw them that evening at the station-house—I saw him searched—the watches were not found on him—the policeman produced them—I knew them again immediately—these are the watches—I am certain he is the man—Mr. Ayres pays die vent and rates of the house.





SEPTIMUS PHILLIPS
. I was in the shop when the watches were taken away. I saw the prisoner in the shop—I am certain he is the man—when he ran out with the watches, I ran after him, crying, "Stop thief!"—I did not lose sight of him till the policeman caught him—he was stopped immediately.





EDWARD PILBROW
. I am a policeman. I stopped the prisoner, whom I saw running up the Commercial-road, towards me—I kept on the pavement, till he came nearly abreast of me—I then sprung from the pavement—he immediately dropped the watches—I caught hold of him with one hand, and picked them up with the other—I have produced them.

Prisoner. If actual necessity can be a palliation for the mitigation of sentence, I humbly throw myself on the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for life.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
