






713. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 10 lbs. weight of lead, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Sutton
                     




                  , being fixed to a building of his
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SPUNLEY
               



            . I live in a cottage belonging to Mr. 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Sutton
               



            , in Seabon's-lane, Islington


; there are some carcases of houses there, which I took after - I received some information, and looked over the roofs of them with Charles Whittley, and found Lee, the prisoner, up the chimney of one of the houses; I think it was the fourth house - he was in the chimney of a back room on the top story; I told him to come down, it was no use for him to stop there - he said he would not have done it if he had not been out of work; I saw the other prisoner taken between the room and the cieling of the same house - we gave them to the officer, and next morning I examined the roofs of the houses; I found a knife in the chimney where we found Lee - it laid on the brickwork, a little way up; some lead had been cut off, and some had begun to be cut.
CHARLES WHITTLEY. I live in a cottage in the same lane. I heard a noise, went with this witness, and took the prisoners - I went on the roof, and found two pieces of lead cut off in the gutter, and another partly cut off.
Wilson's Defence. I know nothing of the lead being cut; I was laying on the straw - I heard a man call a dog; I got up, and a man came in with a gun, and said if I did not come down he would blow my brains out.
Lee's Defence. I went to sleep on the straw - I had no money to pay for a lodging.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



             KING (Police-constable N 248). I went and examined the house; I found this 10 lbs. of lead there - I found a small file in Lee's pocket.


                  DANIEL 
                  SUTTON
               



            . The houses are mine, and the lead is mine; it has done me a great deal of mischief - there were no floors in the houses; they must have climbed up the joists.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
LEE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
