





1992. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of October
, 1 hat, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Bitton
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BITTON
               



            . I am a hat-maker
. I lost a hat on the 2nd of October, about eleven o'clock at night, from a little way within my door, in Crown-street, Finsbur


y - I did not see it taken, but I heard Stop thief! called, and pursued the prisoner; I saw two or three running, and when I came up a witness had stopped the prisoner, and I found my hat - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  DORMAN
               



            . I was coming up Crown-street that night, and saw the prisoner with a hat in his hand - I heard Stop thief! called, and saw the prisoner throw the hat down; he was running very fast, and some other persons after him - I stopped him; I did not see the hat picked up; it had a paper round it.
Prisoner. Q. Where did you see me drop it? A. About twenty yards from the gentleman's house; I did not say that I was very much intoxicated - you dropped your own hat just before I caught you, and I took it up.


                  THOMAS 
                  READ
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner, and received this hat from the prosecutor.
CHARLES BITTON. I gave the hat to the officer - a neighbour picked it up, and asked if it was not mine; I said it was - it was missing from my shop.
Prisoner's Defence. I never took a thing in my life, and declare my innocence now.
JURY to 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  DORMAN
               



            . Q. Did you see the prisoner throw a hat away? A. Yes, but I did not see what hat it was - it had a paper round it like this.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
