





233. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, and 2 half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Henman
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HENMAN
               



            . I am an attorney
, and live in Brydges-street, Covent-garden. On the 27th of October, between four and six o'clock in the morning, I met a woman, who gave her as name Smith; I accompanied her to a house in Eagle-court


 - I was not quite sober, but knew what I was about; we went into a room on the ground floor, on the left of the passage - the prisoner came into the room in a minute after we got there; I had pulled off my coat and waistcoat, but that was all I had done - there was no bed in that room, but a sort of couch; soon after the prisoner came in, a man came in, and it was proposed to have some gin, by the woman I went with; I gave a shilling to send for some - a woman named Martin fetched it; when the gin came, Martin who appeared to be the servant, poured out a glass, and handed it to me; I said, "Hand it that way," meaning to the man, who was then standing by the fire-place -Martin appeared to be doing so; the prisoner said,"Don't be a b - y fool: don't you know the greatest stranger always drinks first?" the glass was then handed to me - I was simple enough to drink the contents; I left some dregs - what I drank produced a great effect upon me, and while I was coughing, I saw the man take the glass from me, and rince it out twice - I saw that distinctly; the gin was then handed round, and finished - I found my power of motion gone; I could not rise from my seat, for fear of choaking myself; I never felt so before, I sat quite immoveable; Cooper and Martin took me by my arm into the next room, on the same floor, and Smith came in there; I began to recover - Smith was sleeping: I aroused her, and said, "You d - d thief, you have robbed me;" I put my hand into my pocket when I went into the house, and saw my money safe - I had a sovereign, a half-sovereign, three half-crowns, and a shilling, and soon after we had had the gin, I saw the prisoner go to my coat and waistcoat, which were in a chair opposite to where I sat, and saw her take my money out of my pocket; the man said to her, "Don't be a b - y fool, leave him some browus," and the prisoner returned some back - when I told Smith of this in the next room, she said, so help her God! she had seen nothing wrong; I went into the passage, and saw the prisoner - I said to her, "You are the woman, who robbed me;" she denied it - then she and the man caught hold of me by the arms; I struggled, and got from them to the door - I called the Policeman, who came and took the prisoner; the man got away - there is a passage right through the house; I have never got my money - the prisoner said in going to the station, that the money was under the chair - we went, but could not find it; she offered 5l. not to be taken.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You are a solicitor? A. Yes, I was clerk to Silvester and Walter, but left them in August - I am on the roll of attorneys; it might be about five o'clock in the morning when this happened - I have two or three times a week to get up at half-past two o'clock; I had had a glass of ale, and a glass of gin and water at the Yorkshire Gray, in Brydges-street, and it was there I met Smith - I had 2l. 2s. in my pocket when I went out, and a few halfpence; I was robbed of 1l. 15s. - I had 3s. 6d. left in my pocket and some halfpence; I am not in the habit of going to houses of this sort - I did not object to the man being in the room; I did not say "I will have two any how," and then catch hold of Martin - I did not after I lost my money go into the room for half an hour with Smith.

WILLIAM COOPER (Police-constable F 82). I heard the cry, and found the prosecutor at the house - he charged the persons there with stealing from him a sovereign and a half, and two half-crowns; he had his senses, and described all the circumstances as he has now - I found the prisoner Martin and Smith there; I took them all, and went in search of the man, but could not find him - there was a passage through the house, so that a person could go through; Cooper denied the charge, but in going to the station she said if we would go back we should find the money under the chair, but it has not been found - she offered the prosecutor 5l. to let her go, and offered me the same; the other two were remanded three times and then discharged.
Prisoner's Defence. I said I would sooner have given 5l. than such a thing should have happened - when the prosecutor went into the back parlour, Smith said to him,"Will you come into the bed-room, for the sofa is not fit to sit down on;" when they were in the bed-room there was some quarrel and Smith called me - I went to the door; I found it locked - Smith said, "This man is quarrelling with me and using me very ill;" I said, "I am sure you should not, if you are tipsy you should not ill use her;" she then took his coat and waistcoat from the nail - the prosecutor and her stopped for the money which fell down; the prosecutor said, "It is my money."


                  THOMAS 
                  HENMAN
               



            . I did not pick any money up, nor did I state so - my coat and waistcoat were handed to me by Martin and I threw them on my arm.




               GUILTY (of stealing only.)
             Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
