





1094. 




MARY ANN NICHOLS,


 SARAH WHITE
, and 




ELIZABETH HAYES
, were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Sophia Nichols, on the 
23rd of March, at the 

hamlet of Ratcliff, and stealing therein, 1 ring, value 6s.; 1 sovereign, 7 half-sovereigns, 12 crowns, 24 half-crowns, 200 shillings, and 100 sixpences; her goods and monies.






SOPHIA NICHOLS
. I am a widow, and live in James-place, Stepney-causeway, in the parish of Ratcliff; the prisoner Nichols is my daughter On Friday, the 23rd of March, I went out, at twenty minutes past eleven o'clock—I left my house all fastened up, the shutters and every thing secure—I had a box in my house, containing 23l., in sovereigns, half-sovereigns, crowns, half-crowns, and shillings, also a ring, and the duplicate of a ring—I left all safe when I went out—I left nobody in the house—I returned at twelve o'clock, and found the house fastened as I had left it—it must have been opened by a false key—I went to my box, and found it broken open, and the money gone—the lock was strained, and the key would not open it—I went to the prisoner Hayes, who lived next door, and asked her if she had seen anybody at my door—she said "No one"—my daughter always slept at home till the 23rd of March, and after that she did not—she absconded—I did not ask Hayes if she had seen my daughter.





JAMES LAW
. I am a cooper, and live in Lower Chapman-street, St. George's-in-the-East. On the 28th of February the prisoner Nichols came to my house, and asked for a lodging—I let her one—she lived there in the

daytime, and went away at night—she remained with me three weeks—she paid a deposit for the first week's rent, and then it went on for three weeks—she said that she slept at her mother-in-law's, and represented herself as a married woman, that her name was Lane, and that she was eighteen years of age—I believed her—she said she wished, by die time her husband came home, to get a few things for herself—on the 22nd of March I asked her for her rent—she said she was not able to pay, but she would pay in the course of the week, as her monthly money would be coming—on the 23rd of March she came to my house, about ten o'clock in the morning, and about half-past twelve o'clock, Hayes came—Hayes said Nichols was her mother-in-law—she did not give a name—Hayes wished me to take care of 8l. 18s., and to pay Nichols 10s. a week, as she was sot able to take care of it herself—she gave me the money—it was counted out on the table—Nichols had brought the money down from her room, and produced it—Hayes made the proposition, but the money was put into my bands by Nichols—Hayes wished it to be so, or I should not have taken it—Nichols remained at my lodging till Monday, the 26th—Hayes came there on the Saturday, and drew 7s. of Nichols—she got it from me. out of the money I had—up to the 23rd of March Nichols had not slept at my house, but she did on the 23rd, and left on Monday, the 26th—the prisoner White came that day, and demanded the money which I had in my possession—she said her name was Smith, and that she was Mrs. Lane's aunt, and said that Mrs. Lane was going to her aunt's at Greenwich, I give her 4l. 9s. 9d.—Nichols left my lodging that night—I saw White again on the Thursday following, the 30th of March, and she said Mrs. Lane had robbed her mother, who lived at No. 10, James-place, Stepney-causeway—as I had had this money in my hands, I went with a friend next morning to find out her mother.

White. What he says is quite wrong—I never received any money, nor asked for it Witness. It is true—she came for the money, and I paid it to her—Nichols had some furniture in her room—I bad another room to let, and she desired to have that—and she desired to have a hone and cart, to bring the things to my place—she left on the Monday night, and came again on the Tuesday—I assisted to move her things.

White. It was after he knew of the robbery. Witness. No—it was two days before.





JAMES CLARK LAWRENCE
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Lawrence, a builder, in Pitfield-street, Hoxton. On Tuesday, the 26th or 27th of March, the prisoner White came to our house, and asked to look at a room we had to let in Hoxton-market—she gave her name as Sarah Smith—I did not see either of the other prisoners.





ROBERT DAVIS
. I am a constable of Lambeth-street police-office. On the 30th of March I went to a house in Hoxton-square, and found Nicholas in a back attic—I said, "Your name is Nichols?"—she said, "Yee"—I said, "You have robbed your mother of 23l."—she hesitated a little, and then said, "Yes"—while I was talking to her, Hayes came up—I said to Nichols, in her presence, "What have yon done with the money, and did you give that person any of it?"—(pointing to Hayes)—she said, "Yes, 7l"— Hayes denied it, but in a very short time said to Nichols, "Oh, but you know I got a great many things out of pledge for you, out of that"—I searched Hayes, and found in her pocket this blue purse, containing a sovereign, a crown-piece, and six duplicates, also two half-crowns loose, one shilling, one halfpenny, and two pocket-pieces—Nichols gave me a purse,

containing a half-crown—I took White into custody—when I went 'to her house, I told her I had come to search her house, in consequence of the robbery next door—she denied any knowledge of the girl whatever.





SOPHIA NICHOLS

re-examined, Hayes's house is next door to mine—the doors of the two houses do not join—there is one window between the doors—I had no acquaintance with White and Hayes—I know they lived next door, and they have seen my daughter going in and out—they knew very well that she belonged to me.

Nichols's Defence. I did not take the box out—it was Mrs. Hayes went into the house, took it into her own place, and brought it in a basket—she broke open the chest—she told me she threw the gold ring over the wall, and said it was a brass one, and a duplicate she threw into the fire—she opened the door with a false key, and kept me locked in the room while she took the things.

Hayes's Defence. I did not go into the house—when Nichols came out, she knocked at my door, and said, "Will you take care of this box, and carry it down to No. 4 1/2, Lower Chapman-street?"—I took it down to her there—she opened it, and gave me 7l—I took several articles out of pawn for her, and kept part of the money; as to the ling, I never had it, and know nothing at all about it.

NICHOLS—



GUILTY. Aged 14.—



Judgment respited.


HAYES—


GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Years
.

WHITE—


NOT GUILTY
.
