





907. 
               
                  
                     LEWIS 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, 1 ladle, value 10s.; 13 spoons, value 30s.; 1 pepper-box, value 15s., and 1 pair of silver tongs, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Myers
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  MYERS
               



            . I am a stationer and rag-merchant
, and live in White-street, Houndsditch


. The prisoner is my brother; I went to Liverpool on the 27th of February, and left him living in the house - I am single
; my mother and sisters live with me; he lived with them at that time; when I returned, I found he had absconded, and missed the articles named in the indictment - he had no authority whatever to pawn my property - he got his living by minding my warehouse in August last, but in February I hired a ship to send him abroad.
Prisoner. Q. Have you never sent me to Barker's to pawn property? A. I never had occasion to pawn things, I have always had plenty of money - I know nothing about my mother sending you to pledge for her.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITLOCK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 3rd of March, in Henry-place, Waterloo-road, and found four duplicates on him.


                  JOHN 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce a soup ladle, 6 table-spoons, a pair of sugar-tongs, and a pepper-box, pawned by the prisoner on the 1st of March - he said it was for his brother (not the prosecutor); he said his brother had a bill to make up - I knew him well.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
The prosecutor here stated that he had been robbed before by the prisoner, and had equipped him for sea, at an expence of 100l.; that he left the vessel, and, upon promises of amendment, he had been prevailed on to take him into his employ, where he remained until he committed the robbery in question.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
