



1232. 




WILLIAM ALLEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of April, 1 plane, value 3s.; and 3 saws, value 6s.; the good, of 



Samuel Sturt; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL STURT
. I live in Wood-street. On the 26th of April I saw these tool, safe, about one o'clock in the daytime—I afterward, received information, and found the prisoner in my house—I had seen him before several times—my wife called out, "Here is this fellow who has been so many times with excuses," and I saw him making his escape—my plane and saws were removed—they were found at the bottom of to private stair-case, where the prisoner had been—they could not have been taken by anybody but him—they had been in the shop a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, before—he got down the private stair-case to the back part of the shop—I had locked the front door.





WILLAM WATSON
. I live in Brown-buildings, Stanhope-street. I was at the prosecutor's house, and saw the prisoner at the bottom of the private stairs putting a plane under the stair-case—I was sent out for an officer—I could not find one all the way up Cheapside, and then I went to the station, but could not get one.

Prisoner. If you saw me with a plane, why did not you take me? Witness. I saw you at the bottom of the stair, with a plane, and when I got back you and the prosecutor were gone.

Prisoner's Defence. I arrived from the country, and was looking after work-a gentleman named Peter, had been very kind to me—I heard he was at work in Wood-street—I went to the prosecutor's house—he caught me, and said I was the person he wanted, that I had been there before and ordered some shavings—he got a fowling-piece, he shook something into it, and then primed it, and said if I attempted to move he would shoot me.





FRANCIS KEYS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction,

which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
.* Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Sixth Jury, Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
