



904. 




ELIZA SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
1st of March, at 
St. George's Hanover-square, 1 £10 Bank-note and other goods the property of 



Charles Topliss, in the dwelling of 



Crispnanno Burrows.






CHARLES TORLISS
. I am out of business at present. I have been is the tobacco business. On the 1st of March I was residing in Hindon-street, Vauxhall-road, at the house of Crispnanno Burrows, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—I have resided there about two years—I occupied the first floor—Mr. Burrows and his family live there—he is the landlord—on the 1st of March 1 fell in with the prisoner—I had never seen her before—I had some conversation with her, which ended in her going home and sleeping with me—I got home about half-past two o'clock in the morning—I had a key which I let myself in with, and we went to bed together—I awoke about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, and the prisoner was gone without giving me any notice—she had undressed herself, and gone to bed in the usual way—I looked under my pillow, and missed my watch—I was sober when I went to bed—I had been spending the evening with some friends in Grosvenor-place—I am a married man—my wife was out of town with some friends—I also missed four rings and a pin, and a 10 note—the rings and pin were taken out of

a looking-glass drawer on the table—I missed some silver from my pocket, and a £10 note also out of the purse in my pocket—I missed up wards of 24l. in value—I immediately dressed myself went to the police-station, and gave information—I heard nothing more of it till the 9th of March, when I was at a friends's house at Pimlico, and an officer brought the prisoner to me, and I could swear to the and do so now positively—we proceeded to the station-house, and there she was searched—after that she wished to speak to me in private, which the inspector allowed her to do—I went, in and she asked me if I meant to say she was the person that robbed me—I said, I meant to swear so—she said, "Well, what are you going to do?"—I said, "I want my property back, and my property I will have"—she then said, if she was allowed to go with me, she would take me to where part of my property was—I consented to that—we went to Knightsbridge, to a public-house—she inquired for a person there who was gone, and the policeman accompained her over to Knightsbridge-barracks, and returned with her and a ring—we then went down to Wellington-barracks, where she told me there was solider who had another ring in his possession—the offer went to the solider, and returned and said, in her presence, that the solider said he knew nothing about it—we went from there to her lodging; and during that time the policemen said he though the man had not been thoroughly searched—on the way to her lodging, she told me my watch was pawned at a pawnbroker's in York-street, Westminster, and that one of my rings was pawned at another pawnbroker's in Tothill-street—her lodging was searched but nothing found—I them went with her to the station-house—I have never found my £10 note—it was a note of the Bank of England—she told me an had got tipsy, and changed it over the water, and got robbed of the greater part of it.
---- JONES. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tothill-street, Westminster. I produce a ring pawned on the 8th of March—the prisoner was present at the pledging of it—a woman accompanied her—the other person gave it to me.





FREDERICK NORMAN
. I am a pawnbroker, and live with William Harding, in York-street, Westminster. I have a watch, pawned on the 2nd of March by the prisoner.





THOMAS WEBSTER JONES
. I am a policeman. I had information on the 1st of March, at the station-home, that the watch was missed—the prosecutors described the prisoner to me—I searched for her until the 9th, when I found her in Kinghtsbridge—I took her to the prosecutor, who said he had not the least doubt about her—I have heard what he has said respecting what passed—it is all correct—I have one ring which was found on a Life Guardsman, who was in company with her at the time I took her—I did not get it from him until night, but he was with her when I took her—I did not take him—he produced the ring to me at the barracks, and was detained in the barracks till he went before the magistrate, who discharged him—I have a duplicate which was given to me by another Life Guardsman—the prisoner sand she had given a woman a ring, and the woman said in the prisoner presence, she had given it to private soldier.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25—


Transported for Life.
