





137. 




JOHN CHAPLIN
 and 




CHARLES WALKER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of November, 1 sovereign and 2 half-crowns, the monies of 



Solomon Benjamin.






ELIZABETH BENJAMIN
. I am the wife of Solomon Benjamin. We keep a clothes-shop in White-cross-street. On the 20th of November, the two prisoners came to our shop with another person—I came from my back-parlour, where I was washing my child—I saw the prisoners leaning in front of the counter—they said they wanted a coat—I asked what price they would go to—they said about 2s. or 3s.—I said I thought I had one somewhere, and was going to look for it; but I saw them whisper, and would not take my eye off them—I then said, "If you will call again, my son will show it you"—they then brushed off—I went behind the counter, and saw the till moved half out, and I missed out of it a sovereign and 2 half-crowns—I had put 2l. 5s. there just before, to pay a bill, and no one had come in but the prisoners, and the boy who was with them—I ran after them, but they were out of sight—I gave an alarm to the officer, and returned to my own door—in about three quarters of an hour, the policeman took these two prisoners—I know they are the two who were in the shop.

Chaplin. She said at first that she gave information to her brother, and now she says it was to the officer. Witness. No, I did not; when they were at the station-house, I asked them how they came to do it; and one of them said he had had his regulars, but he could not help it.





CHARLES SCOTCHMER
. I am a police constable. I took the prisoners—I asked Chaplin how he got the money I found on him—he said he bought two fowls in the market, and sold them again for 7s.—I found on him one half-crown, and 4 shillings; and on Walker 2 half-crowns, and 5 shillings—I took them about ten o'clock in the morning—the robbery was committed about a quarter past nine o'clock.

CHAPLIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

WALKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.




Transported for Seven Years.
