



157. 




JANE CRUTWELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of October, 1 silver watch, value 2l.; 1 watch key, value 6d.; and 1 ribbon, value 2d.; the goods of 



William Todd.—2nd COUNT, stating them to belong to 



Lawrence Kennedy.






WILLIAM TODD
. I am cook of a ship. On the 20th of October, I fell in with the prisoner in Ratcliffe-highway, about nine o'clock in the evening—she asked where I was going, and if I would go home with her—I went with her—when I went in, she asked if I would sit down—I said, "No"—she asked me to stop all night—I said, No, I wanted to be on board, and that I had no money—she said, "You have got a watch, go pawn it"—I said I did not know where there was a pawnbroker—she took me to a shop—I pawned my watch, and put the duplicate into my pocket, with the two half-crowns which I received—the prisoner was talking to a woman—she said, "Are you all right?"—I said, "I suppose it is"—she said, "Let me look at the duplicate"—I showed it to her—she said, "It is all right," and I put it into my pocket"—I have seen my watch since at the office.





THOMAS GEORGE SIZER
. I am shopman to Lawrence Kennedy. This watch was pawned by the prosecutor, and the prisoner was with him—the duplicate and the money were given to the prosecutor—the prisoner came to me on the Monday morning, and said she had lost the duplicate of the watch; would I stop it—I said, "Yes"—she came again in a short time, and asked for an affidavit, which I gave her—she at last redeemed the watch—5s. had been lent on it,





MARMADUKE JACKSON HOWLETT
. I am a pawnbroker. I took this watch in pledge from the prisoner.





WILLIAM TODD
. This is my watch—I never gave it to the prisoner—I was sober.

Prisoner's Defence. He gave the watch into my hand, and asked me to pawn it for him—when we came out of the shop, we went to the Coach and Horses to have something to drink—I gave him the two half-crowns, but not the duplicate; and when I got home, I found I had lost it.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
