



1346. 




JAMES MCCRAUSKIN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
23rd of April, 1 quilt, value 10s.; and 1 counterpane, value 10s.; the goods of 



Richard Morsley.






RICHARD MORSLEY
. I am a tailor, and live in High-street, Woolwich. I had a counterpane and quilt, hanging in my garden to dry on the 23rd of April—I cannot say when they were put out; but I saw them at seven o'clock in the evening, and they were afterwards missed—these are the articles—the back of my premises adjoins a skittle-ground.





JOHN ALSFORD
. I went to the prisoner's father, in Red-lion-street—I found the prisoner there, and accused him of being concerned in this robbery—he said he knew nothing about it—I took him to the cage, and the officers fitted his shoes to some marks on the ground.





CHARLES STEWARD WARDEN
 (police-inspector.) I took the prisoner's shoes off, and fitted them to some marks in the ground—one of the shoes has no iron on the heel; the marks in the ground so entirely correspond with his shoes, that I have no doubt the shoes made the marks—there were other marks besides—I went to the prisoner's father at eight o'clock in the morning, and found both these articles in the back premises.


Prisoner. About six o'clock I went to the public-house to have a pint of beer; one of the persons there said, "Come, and have a game of skittles;" we played—I then came in again, and had another pint or two of beer—I left there about half-past eight, and went to another public-house, and had some more—the place where these things were found is a thoroughfare. Witness. It is a back-yard, but his father had the key of it—there is an open space between the pales and the wall, and these things were pushed in there.

Prisoner. Whilst we were playing at skittles one of the boys threw the ball into the prosecutor's ground, and I got over the gates to get it—at two o'clock in the morning they took me out of bed—they searched the same place, and did not find these articles. Witness. We did not look in that, place at that time.




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
