





875. 




ROBERT SMITH,



 JAMES HOWES
, and 



JOHN ROOTS
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
29th of February, 300 lbs. weight of Potatoes, value 13s.; and 3 sacks, value 3s.; the goods of 



William Ellis, the master of Robert Smith.






CHARLES ELLIS
 I am the son of William Ellis, a potato-dealer, who lives in London-road. The prisoner Smith was in his service—last Monday morning at six o'clock I was in the kitchen—I looked through the window, and saw Smith in the yard with a lighted candle in his hand—he went into the potato warehouse, and returned without a light—he went out of a gate leading into York-street, and returned in about five minutes with a lighted candle—he then went to the bottom of the yard, where there is another gate leading into York-street—he then returned with a person who, from his dress and size, I thought to be Howes—they both went into the back warehouse; and the other man presently came out with what appeared to me to be a full sack of potatoes on his back—I could not see that man's face—Smith remained in the warehouse—I went up-stairs and told my father—I then came down, and distinctly saw Howes come out of the warehouse with a second sack—Smith then came out of the warehouse, and went about his ordinary business in the stable—I went out of the front door, and looked into York-street, but saw nothing there—I then walked to Moreton-street, where I saw a pony and cart—there was no one with it—I watched, and saw a man lead the pony and cart to our premises—it stopped at the back gate, and I heard something heavy put into the cart—the pony and cart then went on and stopped at the Rockingham Arms, at the corner of the Kent-road—the man went into the house—I went and looked at the cart, and saw the potatoes in it—the man then came out of the house—I saw it was the prisoner Roots—he went on with the cart—I followed him to Lock's-fields, Walworth, where I saw a policeman—I told him; and we followed the cart on to Clarence-buildings, where it stopped; and Roots took the potatoes into his own house—I went in and saw the potatoes in the two sacks, which had my father's name on them—we lost two sacks that morning—I came home and give information, and the other prisoners were taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS
Q. Are you and your father in partnership? A. No—we employ three or four men—Smith, the carter, comes at five o'clock in the morning—the other men come about half-past six o'clock—I saw Smith go into the warehouse with a candle, and then he came out again—he came within a yard of me—he might have taken the candle out in his hand got a light at some shop—he then went to the bottom of the yard, and then returned and went into the warehouse with the other man—when I returned back from tracing the cart, Smith was gone out with his horse and cart.





RICHARD HAMBROOK
 I am a police-constable. I received information from the last witness, and followed the cart about half a mile—Roots drove it at contained two sacks of potatoes—they were taken out and put into Root's house—I took him just as he put the last sack down.

Smith's Defence. I went there at twenty minutes past five o'clock—I called my master and then lighted my candle at the Alfred's Head—I then

watered my horse, and it knocked down and candle—I tied the horse up, and went out and got a light again, and never saw any one on the premises.

Howes's Defence. I went home on Sunday night, and never left my bed till the officer took me on Monday morning.





CHARLES ELLIS

re-examined. Q. You saw Smith go into the potato warehouse? A. Yes—he had no business there—he had been in our service three or four months—Howes had been in our service, but was discharged—I am positive it was him came in with Smith.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

HOWES—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.




Transported for Seven Years.

ROOTS—


NOT GUILTY



Sixth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
