





1482. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HERRING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, onthe 25th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of a man unknown, from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TIPPER
               



             (police-constable F 152). On the 25th of September I was in Fleet-street


; I was not on duty, but I saw the prisoner and another in company; they went behind two gentlemen, and the prisoner drew from one of the gentlemen's pockets a handkerchief, and passed it to the other, who ran off; I secured the prisoner, and a gentleman who was passing by, took the other, with the handkerchief - I took them both into custody - I went to the gentleman who had lost the handkerchief, and asked if this was his property? he said it was - I said the magistrate was sitting at Guildhall, and asked him to go there with me - I went on with the prisoner and the other, and when we got to St. Paul's Church-yard a City police-officer, No. 29, came to me and said, "They are my prisoners;" I said, "No, they are mine -
"he said, "They are not;" I said, "Yes, they are, and the gentleman is following me" - he went to the gentleman, and then came to me again and said, "The gentleman will not prosecute;" I said, "Then I will" - he again said, "Let them go;" I said, "I will not -
"the prisoner then said, "Let me go;" and he struck me, and he and the other got off - I went on to Guildhall to lodge a complaint against the officer, and while I was there the prisoner was brought in- this is the handkerchief - I don't know the gentleman, nor his name; he went away.
Prisoner. It was taken from another person, not from me; I was on the opposite side of the way, and the officer collared me, and said I had been robbing a gentleman which I had not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
