





261. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BELCHER
               




             was indicted for feloniously 


               receiving, on the 29th of November
, 14 yards of silk, value 9l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Bedward
                     




                  , which had lately before (to wit) on the same day, been feloniously stolen by a certain evil-disposed person, he well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MR. LEE conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Bedward
               



            , a man's mercer
, of Vigo-street - he purchased sixteen yards of silk, of Mr. Candy, which was delivered to him on the 11th of November; it cost 13s. per yard, for ready money - we generally sold it for 16s.; fourteen yards and a half of it were placed in the window - I saw it last about the 26th or 27th of November; I missed it on Monday, the 30th of November, about eleven o'clock in the morning; this is part of the silk - it is not of a common description or pattern; it is of Lyons manufacture - I swear this is what was placed in the window; I have a pattern which I cut off it myself, and it matches exactly with the pattern and the place it was cut from; the silk had been round a roller, and had a selvidge with a mark on it.
COURT. Q. How much is now produced? A.Eight yards and a quarter - part of it has been cut off; that taken from the window was fourteen yards and a half.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Were you before the Magistrate? A. Yes - I did not swear that it corresponded with the quantity, which was eight yards and a quarter; it was a mistake of Mr. Roe's or of mine, I do not which; I had measured it the day before, and there were eight yards and a quarter of it - I went and rectified the mistake within an hour: as soon as I got home I heard that the prisoner proved he had had more than fourteen yards of it - I do not think the number of yards was mentioned in the first instance; I had seen it on Wednesday, and we missed it on Thursday or Friday, but decidedly on the Monday, when it was wanted for a customer; there are four or five shopmen, but we keepour books very regularly, and if they had sold it it would have been put down - our books are not here.
COURT. Q. You can tell what you sold, but cannot speak for others? A. No - this piece was cut off after we had sold a part of it; this is a piece that had been in my master's window.
SOLOMON JOSEPHS. I live at No. 26, Wincot-street - I attend sales. I have known the prisoner several years; he came to my house on the 1st of December, and brought these eight yards and a quarter of silk, which I was to sell for him at the west-end of the town, as it was too high a price for his shop - I was to sell it at 8s. or 8s. 6d. a yard; I do not know the value of it; I went to Michael Jonas with it, and we took it to Mr. Pool's to sell it - we were both taken the same afternoon.
COURT. Q. What is the prisoner? A. He now keeps a sale shop, and sells clothes, shoes and boots; his shop is in Portland-town - he has been there two or three years; he had lived at a pawnbroker's - I have dealt with him for second-hand clothes.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q.Did Mr. Pool take the silk of you? A. I did not go into the shop: I first became acquainted with the prisoner in consequence of his wanting a cloak for a gentleman - I had the means of procuring that cloak; I have dealt with him in different ways- he keeps a shop; I have seen piece-goods there - Portland-town is not a very fashionable place; Pool's house is in Burlington-passage - Jonas left the silk there; I have been out on bail.
COURT. Q. I thought you were to sell it? A. Yes, but I met Jonas in the morning, and had this silk in my hand - I had a piece of tabaret to sell, and Jonas took this piece of silk.
MICHAEL JONAS. I am a general dealer - I buy silks, and ladies' and gentlemen's wardrobes. On the 2nd of December I saw Josephs in Cutler-street, with this piece of silk: I said I had a customer for it, and took it to Mr. Pool's for sale - he was not at home, but I left it there; Josephs staid at the door - I was taken into custody; I do not know the value of the silk, being new - I had never dealt in such a thing before: I was not instructed to take 6s. - I was to ask 8s. for it; I thought it was a moderate price - I had not dealt in silks before.
Cross-examined. Q.But you had dealt in second-hand silks? A. Yes - I could not venture to swear to this silk; there may be more like it - it has no mark on it; I took a piece of this pattern, and there was eight yards and a quarter of it - I believe this is it.


                  JAMES 
                  POOL
               



            . I am a mercer, and live at No. 4, Old Burlington-street. Jonas came on the 2nd of December, and left this silk at my shop for sale at 8s. a yard; I told my son to look to the invoices, as I was sure it was below the mark - these silks have not been in the market more than six weeks; I gave the witness into custody - it is Lyons silk; I had paid 17s. a yard to the same man for some similar to this - the pattern I think you cannot match.
Cross-examined. Q.But you bought it of a person who sells it? A. Yes - not of the manufacturer; it had not been in the market more than six weeks before this happened - from my knowledge of the business I know it has not; I know it is Lyons silk, and of a new pattern - I have bought second-hand silk of Jonas, but I never saw him with any thing new before; I have sold him second-hand clothes.


                  JOHN 
                  BEDWARD
               



            . I received information, and went to Mr. Pool's - I saw Jonas there; the other witness was brought in; I believe this is my property - it is a scarce article, and foreign silk; it has not been manufactured in Spitalfields.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know all the Spitalfields weavers? A. No, I know many of them - I do not know that it has not been imitated; the person I bought it of is in Court - he is the importer; it had been in my stock in the shop - I have several shopmen; I had seen it about three days before there was an alarm that it was missed - my shopmen are not here, but I have made every inquiry among them; I believe it had not been sold.
COURT. Q.Whether this silk could or could not be imitated, what you bought was of Lyons manufacture, and this is of Lyons manufacture? A. Yes, it is different to British manufacture and in width; I should have sold it at 16s. or 17s. a yard - I do not think if I were to order it in Spitalfields, and give them a month to make it in, that they would be able to make it to match as this pattern does; I believe the pattern and piece to be the same - the ground, flowers, and every thing seem to me to coincide exactly; in trying to imitate it exactly in Spitalfields they would fail to do it nineteen times out of twenty - indeed, if I was to write abroad to the manufacturer, and say,"Make one like this," I think neither the ground nor the flower would correspond exactly as this piece does.
- GRAHAM. I live with Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Candy
               



             - he is abroad; this piece of silk is foreign manufacture - we only imported one of this pattern; I firmly believe this is part of it - I would not swear it; I think we could have a piece like this made at Lyons, but decidedly not in this country - they may have another piece by them at Lyons.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You think it possible there may be another piece? A. Yes, but very improbable; I do not know how many pieces they might make: two pieces might be so manufactured that a person could not distinguish one from the other, but not to correspond as this pattern does - we imported but one piece, and sold that to the prosecutor.
BENJAMIN SCHOFIELD. I am an officer. In consequence of information I took the prisoner on Wednesday, the 7th of December, in High-street, Portland-town; this piece of silk was produced at the time - he said he knew the silk; he was very much flurried, and I told him to be cautions, as it was stolen - he said he bought it at an auction-room about a fortnight or three weeks before, but he did not know where; I said that was before it was stolen - he then said, "Let me consider, it was about Friday or Saturday last," and concluded by saying, "It was on Friday;" he afterwards said he bought it in a street in Petticoat-lane, and afterwards that it was in a house in Petticoat-lane, and he could produce the man he bought it of: I then gave him in charge of Avis - this is the silk; I have had it ever since - I likewise produce a yard and a quarter more, which I got from Mr. Burnett, who said he got it of the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. What time didyou go to the prisoner's? A.About seven o'clock in the evening; I saw his wife, but did not make myself known - I gave her a fictitious name: there is a shop window, but very few goods in it - the prisoner came home about ten o'clock, and I asked if he knew this silk; he said directly that he knew it, and named the quantity, but he was flurried; I told him, before he made this statement, that it was stolen, and he looked in that kind of way as I should have expected a person would who was guilty - here is a yard and a half in this other piece of silk, according to my measurement.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Schofield outside the door with Josephs; I took the prisoner to the watch-house - I made him no promise or threat, but he told me that he bought the silk in Petticoat-lane, and gave it to Josephs to sell, knowing him to be a better judge of silk than himself.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to Josephs', as I had an order for a gentleman's cloak, and I knew he was acquained with master tailors at the west-end of the town - he got me four cloaks, and I sold one; then there were tassels wanting, and Josephs told me if I would call in the course of a week he would get them - I called, and I happened to have this silk with me; he said if I had not a customer for it he thought he could get me one - I had sold some of the silk, as I can prove; I told Josephs it cost me 8s. per yard, and if he could get any thing more as a profit well and good - I left it with him on commission.
JOHN BURNETT. I am a master tailor, and live in Upper North-place, Gray's Inn-road. I bought three yards and a quarter of this silk, of the prisoner, the latter end of November, about the last day; it was sealed up in this paper at Marlborough-street office, where I attended with it, and has my signature upon it.
MR. LEE. Q. You are a very good judge of these articles? A. I have made up a great many - I was to give 8s. or 8s. 6d. a yard for this - there is an account between us; I supposed 8s. about the value of it; I have been a tailor all my life - I have worked for the prisoner, and if he has any thing to suit me, he says, "Will that do for you?" I saw this silk, and said, "What do you want for it?" he said 8s. 6d. - I said "I will give you 8s." I have known him ten years; he is a general salesman, and deals in coats, hats, shoes, silks, and other things - he has been about three years in this business; he was before that foreman at a pawnbroker's - I have dealt with him for silks before; I should think that this is an old pattern -I believe I can get some of it within three hundred yards of here, for that price, at a public shop.
MR. BARRY. Q.Had you sold things to the prisoner? A. Yes; he asked 8s. 6d. per yard for it - I said I thought 8s. enough for it, to throw it into the window.
COURT. Q. What was the price to be? A. I said,"I will give you 8s." - he said, "When we settle we will see about it;" I did not think it cheap at 8s. 6d. - I thought it enough for it; he was foreman to Mr. Price, a pawnbroker, in Wentworth-street - I had worked for him at that time, but had no dealings with him; I had not heard that Mr. Price had been in difficulties - I have been to the house two or three times; I believe within these last twelve months he has been a bankrupt.


                  THOMAS 
                  KEENE
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live at Brunswick-parade, White Conduit-fields. I bought a yard of silk of the prisoner on a Tuesday or Wednesday the latter end of November; I had it made into a waistcoat, and this is it - I think it was about the 24th or 25th of November.
MR. LEE. Q. Are you a master linen-draper? A. Yes, in a small way; purchasing silks is not in the way of my business, except for my own wear - I gave 8s. for this yard, and thought it a fair price; I have sold silks in my shop, but am not acquainted with this sort of article.
COURT. Q. Did you know him living with Mr. Price? A. Yes - he served his time to him, and I think lived there for twenty years; I never knew Price was in trouble.
MR. LEE. Q.How long have you been a linen-draper? A. I served my time to it, and have been five years with a linen-draper of Bishopsgate-street - twelve months ago I was warehouseman at a house.
JOHN FORD. I am a baker, and live in Portland-town. I bought three quarters of a yard of silk of the prisoner, which I had made into this waistcoat; it was on the Monday previous to his going away.
MR. LEE. Q.Was it the latter end of November? A. I do not know; it was the Monday before he was taken - I gave 3s. 9d. for it.
Prisoner. He did not buy it at all. Witness. My wife did - she said she paid 3s. 9d. for it; here is her handwriting to say what she paid.
WILLIAM BOOKER. I am an assistant to a linen-draper in Tooley-street. I called on the prisoner one Sunday, the latter end of November; I saw some silk there, and purchased a yard and a half for two waistcoats - one for myself, and one for my young master; these are the waistcoats.
MR. LEE. Q. It was the latter end of November? A. I think about the 27th; I paid 7s. a yard - I am not a judge of the value, but I should think that a fair price.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY BYRON
               



            . I am a tailor, of Union-street, Whitechapel. I know the prisoner; I bought three yards and three quarters of this silk of him, about the 22nd or 23rd of November - I have made up two waistcoats of it, and this is the remainder; I was going to make it up, but I found the prisoner had got into trouble.
MR. LEE. I presume being a tailor, you are a judge of these things? A. I think myself a little judge - I gave 10s. a yard; I thought it was not dear.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
