



105. 




MARY ANN THORPE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of November, 3 blankets, value 20s.; 1 counterpane, value 9s.; 1 gown, value 4s.; 1 sheet, value 1s.; 4 sheets, value 10s.; 4 night-grown, value 2s.; 2 pinafores, value 1s.; and 1 pillow, value 3s.; the goods of 



Thomas Parry, her master.






FRANCES PARRY
. I am the wife of Thomas Parry, a boot and shoemaker, in Rupert-street, Haymarket. The prisoner came into our service on the 11th of November, at night—on the morning of the 16th, she came to my bed-room and asked for the key of the kitchen—on getting up, I found her gone, and missed the articles stated—about three days after, she

was brought to us by a policeman—I took her without a character—I was to have gone to Hammersmith for it, but had not time—she said she had lived there fourteen months.





JAMES BROOKS
 (police-constable L 118.) I was on duty in Tower-street, Westminster, on the 19th of November, and met the prisoner walking the street—she asked me for the Westminster-road—I said she was going away from it, and asked where she was going?—she said she did not know; that she had been brought over there, and seduced by a gentleman, and had no place to go to—I took her to the station-house—she said her father lived in Holles-street, Cavendish-square—I found seventeen duplicates on her—the name of "Thorpe, No. 4, Phoenix-street" was on some of them—I went to a place and found the prisoner's mother, who gave me information of this robbery—I told the prisoner of it when I returned—in consequence of what the prisoner told me, I went and got some articles from Mrs. Ferry, at the Leg Coffee-house, Leg-alley—she was not bound over—she gave me two children's pinafores, three children's shifts, a man's shirt, a pillow, and other things—when I brought them, the prisoner said these were the things she had left there.





ROBERT BATKIN
. I am shopman to Page and Co., pawnbrokers, Long-acre. I produce three blankets and a shirt pawned by the prisoner, on the 16th of November, for 7s., in the name of "Ann Thorpe"—the duplicate given for them is here.





JOHN EDWARD NEEDS
. I am shopman to Mr. Chaffers, of Greek-street, Soho. I produce a counterpane which, to the best of my belief, was pawned by the prisoner, in the name of "Ann Thorpe"—the counterpart of the duplicate is here.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
