





2169. 
               
                  
                     HELEN 
                     KAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 2 seals, value 10s.; 1 key, value 6d., and 1 chain, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Porthouse
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM PORTHOUSE. I am a cabinet-maker
, and a married man. On Tuesday, the 26th of August, between twelve and one o'clock, I was going home and met the prisoner; I went to a house with her in Little Sutton-street, Soho


; after being with her, she went down stairs for some water, and did not return - I called the landlady, and gave information to Burton; I went with him, and found her at a public-house in Hanway-street, and saw him take the watch from her bosom.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prosecutor pointed the prisoner out to me; he was sober - I found the watch in her bosom.
Prisoner's Defence. He accosted me; he took me tothis house, and then would not give me any money, saying he had none - I said I would kick up a row; he wanted to go out - I put my back to the door, and began to cry; he said he was a married man, and did not want a row, and put the watch into my hand; he then brought it out again - I said I would disgrace him if he did not give it to me; he gave it to me again - I gave him my address, in Vine-street; he was to come for it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PORTHOUSE
               



            . I had 2l. in my waistcoat pocket; I said nothing about giving her my watch.


                  GEORGE 
                  BURTON
               



            . He had got 2l.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
