






479. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of December
, 7 half-crowns and 4 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Gadsby
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GADSBY
               



            . On Christmas morning I was drunk, and the Policeman put me into the watch-house; I then had seven half-crowns and four shillings - I am sure of that; I was sober enough to remember that when I was put in the cell I had the money - I fell asleep, and when I awoke I found the two prisoners by me; I believe I was put in there about half-past twelve o'clock on Saturday night - I staid till about nine on Sunday morning, and when I went up I missed all my money.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



            , I am a Policeman. I had taken the two prisoners at eight o'clock on the Saturday night, for attempting to pick pockets - I put them into the cell, but before that I searched them minutely, and on Thomas I found two handkerchiefs, a sixpence, and 1 1/2d., and on Williams, a sixpence, a halfpenny, a farthing, and one handkerchief - this was before Gadsby was brought in there, as I understood, but I did not see him that night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRODD
               



            . I was on duty in St. James' watch-house


. I saw the prisoners brought in - they were searched, and what has been stated was found on them in my presence; I put them into the cell, and when the prosecutor was brought in, I put him into the cell - when he came out he complained of having been robbed - I called the prisoners, and searched them; I found on Thomas four half-crowns, three shillings, and this box, and on Williams three half-crowns and one shilling - I had seen the money in the prosecutor's tobacco-box the night before, but I did not count it.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Had you not seen this box on the prisoners the night before? A. Yes - I do not know whether any of the prisoners' friends had been there; the prosecutor was not so drunk but that he knew what he was doing, or he could not have taken his money out and shown it to me.
JAMES GADSBY. I believe this to be my money.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did you receive it? A. I had taken it; there were twelve or fourteen persons in the cell.
Williams' Defence. It was money my master had paid me on Saturday night.
Thomas put in a written Defence, stating that the money found on him was his own, and that he had it in a box, which was not opened when he was searched.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
