





1412. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, 1 spoon, value 2s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Sydney 
                        Adcock
                     




                  , his master
            .
SYDNEY ADCOCK. I am a jeweller
, and live in Dean-street, Soho


 - the prisoner was in my employ - I accused him of having taken some articles which I missed, and said if he would give me the duplicate I would forgive him - that was about half-past one o'clock in the afternoon - I called on Mr. Mills, in Oxford-street - he told me something, and I gave the prisoner into custody - he was taken to the station-house; and while being searched, this duplicate of a spoon was found on him - this is my spoon.
Prisoner. By what mark do you know it? Witness. I have the fellow in my pocket.


                  JAMES 
                  HOWELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker - this spoon was pawned by the prisoner, to the best of my belief - this is the duplicate I gave for it.
Prisoner. You told the magistrate you could not speak to the person Witness. I said to the best of my belief you was the person.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor can only swear to the spoon by having another like it; but are these the only two spoons that are alike? and supposing there are initials, there may be many others like them - when a new pattern is introduced, it is carried round and urged upon the trade; and when the shopmen sell them, they may fall into the hands of persons whose initials are the same - one might sell some to Michael Watts, he would take them to an engraver to put M. W. on them - another sells some to Mary Wilson, who has her initials put on them, and will it be possible to tell which were done for Watts, and which for Wilson? - and if there were even a crest on them, it is not possible to distinguish them - on the death of parents the plate is divided, the brother retains his, the sister takes hers to a refiner, who allows her 4s. 6d. an ounce for them, and she buys some of a modern pattern - you might purchase some of them of the refiner, and be under the necessity of pawning them - if you went to the brother's house, and the duplicate was found on you, how would it be possible to prove whether it was one sold by the sister, or one retained by the brother? - how then can the prosecutor swear to this spoon? - he has no proof that it was pawned by me, and the pawnbroker is unable to identify me - there is therefore no proof that I pawned or stole it - and this might be one of mine, as I purchased several spoons some time ago.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
