






192. 





ANN AITKIN
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of August, 47 spoons, value 20l.; 21 forks, value 10l.; I box, value 4l.; 1 basket, value 2l.; 1 opera-glass, value 6s.; 2 sheets, value 9s.; 2 shifts, value 6s.; 2 table cloths, value 10s.; 2 bed-gowns, value 4*.; 2 blankets, value 10s.; 1 flannel jacket, value 3s.; 1 gown-piece, value 5s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shawl, value 2s.; 1 rule, value 6d.; 6 printed books, value 6s.; 4 yards of damask, value 4s.; and 2 sheets, value 10s.; the goods of 



Katharine Parke, her mistress:—





HANNAH GIBB



, for feloniously receiving 3 forks and 1 basket:—




HANNAH RICHARDS



, for feloniously receiving 6 forks, 1 basket, 2 shifts, 1 blanket, 1 rule, 2 bed-gowns, 1 shawl, 6 printed books, 1 flannel jacket, 4 spoons, 2 shirts, 1 napkin, 4 yards of damask, 1 box, 1 opera-glass, 2 sheets, 2 table-cloths, 1 gown-piece, and 1 pair of shoes:-and 




ELIZABETH BERKSHIRE



, for feloniously receiving 4 spoons, part of the said goods, they well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.


MR. PHILLIPS. conducted the Prosecution.





KATHARINE PARKE
. I am a widow, and live in Howland-street, Fitzroy-square, and have lived there seven years. The prisoner, Aitkin, has been in my service three years and a half—when I reduced my establishment, she left for two or three months, and then returned—she left of her own accord, then called and said she regretted it, and I took her again—she was in my employ when I discovered the robbery—the prisoner Gibb is her mother—Aitkin used to go out for a holiday about once a month—she might have gone out oftener without my knowledge—about the 17th of October, I was arranging my plate, and missed ten tea-spoons, and some large forks and spoons—I called Aitkin up immediately, and said, "Ann, I have lost some of my plate"—she said, "Impossible"—I said "It is gone: go down stairs, and think, and then come back and answer me"—she went down, and after some time I rang the bell for her, and said to her, "If you will restore my plate, I shall keep you in my house; however own it to me"—she afterwards gave me two forks and a tablespoon—that was after I had the conversation with her-two days afterwards I missed a silver paint-box, and two active Spanish bonds for £170 each—the bonds have never been found—when I missed the paint-box, I

said to Aitkin, "My paint-box is gone"—she denied knowing anything about it, but confessed it afterwards—when I asked her about it, she said, "What could I have done with it?"—I said "I really don't know what you have done with it, I only require to have it given to me"—I mentioned pawning to her, and she seemed horror struck at the thought—I mentioned the bonds, and she denied all knowledge of them—she at last requested that I would wait till the next Tuesday night at half-past nine o'clock, when all would be made right-a gentleman named Finden called on that Tuesday evening, on the subject of some drawings—after he called, I laid to Aitkin, about five o'clock, "Ann, strong measures must be taken with you, for my plate and bonds are gone"—she again requested that nothing should be done till half-past nine o'clock that evening, and I gave her liberty till that time—she left my house once that evening for about ten minutes—I remember a ring at the bell that evening, and Gibb, Aitkin's mother, came in—I said to Gibb, "Your daughter has stolen my plate and bonds, give her good advice, and all may be well yet"—Gibb said, "What could my daughter do with plate and bonds? it is impossible"—I told her Aitkin had confessed about the plate—Aitkin then came in, and Gibb said to her, "If you have stolen anything from your mistress, own it at once"—I then went into the back parlour, and on my return I found an officer there with the prisoner Richards—I said to Richards, "Do you want Mrs. Parke, or do you want Ann?"—she said, "No"—I asked her whether she was Ann's sister?—she said she was, and she gave up some duplicates immediately—the officers said they would search her—she said she would not speak to the men, but she would own the truth to me—the officers brought Aitkin into the room, and asked her, "Do you know that person?" pointing to Richards—Aitkin said, "As I hope to live, I never saw her all the days of my life"—Richards said, "Ann, Ann, am I not your sister?"—Aitkin then admitted that she washer sister—I heard another ring at the bell, and Berkshire came in—the officers then took all the prisoners away—on the Friday following I missed nineteen tea-spoons, and three dessert-spoons—I had tied them all up together in Aitkin's presence, she knew where they were, and had access to the place, and every place in the house, but they had been locked up.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLAHTINE. Q. When Richards gave up the duplicates, did she say her mother had given them to her to hold, while she, the mother, came in, and that was ail she knew about it? A. Yes; it was quite impossible all the things could have been taken at once.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. you cannot tell when they were taken, or how?—A. No; this document is Aitkin's writing, and her signature—(read.)
"22nd Oct. 1838.—I promise to deliver to Mrs. Parke, the plate which is missing, in a fortnight or three weeks from this night. ANN AITKIN."

Aitkin. That is her own hand-writing—I put my name to it and then she sent for the officers.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did she return the spoons to you? A. Yes—I said, "Ann, you promised to return me all my plate-you have only returned me these spoons"—she said, "This is all I can do."

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. you have spoken of two spoons, and one or two other articles—had you missed a great deal more plate? A. I had missed ten tea-spoons—I did not then know that I had missed a paint-box—after missing the paint-box, I said if she would return all my property I would forgive her—I did not know the extent of my loss at that time.






THOMAS FINDEN
. I am an architect and surveyor. I called on Mrs. Parke on some business, on Tuesday the 23rd of October—Mrs. Parke made some communication to me—I afterwards saw Aitkin—I asked what she had been doing with the property that she had stolen from Mrs. Parke-during the conversation a ring came at the bell-an officer came in and brought in Richards—the officer asked Richards what she had got under her apron—she said, "Nothing"—he said, "Nothing, ay, what is under here?" she said, "Nothing"—he then turned up her apron, and there was a handkerchief with something wrapped up, and upon undoing it, it was an old leather pocket-book—I am quite certain she said there was nothing-another ring came to the bell, and Berkshire came in-before any thing was said to her, she said, "I don't know any thing about them"—the officer said, "Who don't you know about?"—she then said, "I will tell you God's truth, I am Ann's aunt"—the officer was about to search her, and she produced an old leather purse and some keys—she said, she had received the duplicates which the officer produced from the parse about a month before—the officer said, "Are you quite sure of that?"—she recollected and said, "Yes, I am sure it was about a month ago"—she said she had received them from Betsey—the officer said, "Are you sure of that"—she thought for some time and said she was quite sure of that, and it was a month before—the officer said, "How can you tell such a falsehood, this duplicate is only dated yesterday"—she said, "Oh, my God"—Mrs. Parke was extremely agitated and distressed.

Cross-examined. Q. Did all the conversation with Richards take place in the presence of Mrs. Parke? A. I believe it did.





WILLIAM MITCHELL
. I am an officer of Marylebone office. On Tuesday the 23rd of October, I went to No. 4, Howland-street-Fryer accompanied me—I found Aitkin and Gibb, Mrs. Parke and Mr. Finden—I heard Aitkin say, "Oh, forgive me"—there came a ring at the door, and Fryer came in and brought in Richards with him—I asked Richards what she had got in her hand—she said, "Nothing"—I said, "lam sure you have, I will see," and I found a handkerchief, and in it this pocketbook, containing fifty-nine duplicates—I said, "How came you by this property?"—"To tell you the truth," she says, "Mrs. Gibb gave it me to hold while she came in"—there was another ring, and Berkshire came in—I saw her pull out a little purse, and in it were some duplicates—I heard her say she received them about a month ago from Betsey—atfirst she said they were her own—she afterwards said she had received them from Betsey—I did not hear all she said—I am sure she said they were given her by Betsy or Ann.

Berkshire. When I came to the door I asked for Ann, and they were her duplicates—she called on me the night before, and they were given to me.





JOSEPH FRYER
. I am an officer. On Tuesday, the 23rd of November, I accompanied Mitchell to the corner of Howland-street—on my way I saw Richards at the corner of Russell-mews, about fifty yards from the prosecutrix, on the opposite side of the way—I went to her—I said, "Are you waiting for any person here, my dear?"—she said, "No"—I said, "Are you not waiting for your husband, who works over the way?"—she said, "No"—she then walked away—I watched her, and when she came to the corner of Russell-place she took to her heels, and ran as fast as she could—I followed, and brought her to Mrs. Parke's house, followed by the man who came and fetched us, as I did not know where Mrs. Parke lived—I

brought Richards into the parlour, and saw Mitchell take the pocket-book from her hand-Berkshire afterwards came in—she was brought in, and pulled out of her pocket this purse, and some keys—this purse, with the duplicates in it, is just as it was when it was taken from her—I asked, "Where did you get these duplicates from?"—she said, "From Betsey"—that was the first she said—she said, "I saw Betsey last about a month ago"—I said, "How can that be? you have got a duplicate here that was pledged only yesterday"—she said, "Oh, I forgot; I saw Betsey yesterday"—I then took possession of them, and have kept them safe ever since.

COURT. Q. Have you said the whole? A. Yes—when Berkshire came in she put the purse on the seat, with some keys—I opened the purse, and asked where she got the duplicates from—she said, "From Betsey"—I never heard her say that they were her property.

COURT
to
WILLIAM MITCHELL. Q. When she said they were her own, might that have applied to some keys that were there, or must it have applied to the duplicates? A. It might have applied to the keys or the duplicates, I cannot say which—there was such confusion at the time, we could not tell what we were about hardly.





THOMAS WALKER
. I am shopman to my mother, who is a pawnbroker, at No. 41, York-road, Lambeth. I produce a tea-spoon, pledged on the 10th of May, 1838—I have the duplicate—it is attached to it—I have another tea-spoon, pawned on the next day—I have the counter duplicates to all these things, also a shirt and a napkin—I produce a silver box, pawned by a female, who is not in custody—I know the female perfectly well—she had been in the habit of using my shop—she was dressed exceedingly well—she said it belonged to her aunt—I have an opera-glass, pledged by the same lady—she did not look td me like a servant—the initials "H K P" are on the spoons—they were pawned in the name of Brown-here is "H K P," a horn, and a Latin motto, on this silver box—it was pawned in the name of Brown—I produce two sheets, pledged by the same person, a table-spoon, and two dessert spoons-"H K P" are on three of them, and "S L" on the other, from the same lady—on the 22nd of October I saw the prisoner Gibbs—she produced a duplicate of four spoons, pledged for 1l., and wanted to redeem part of them—she asked for the table-spoon—I wished her to pay 10s. for that—she could not give it me—she paid the interest, and had a fresh ticket made out—these spoons were pawned by the same lady-Gibb wanted me to take 8s. for the table-spoon, and I would not—I have compared seven of these duplicates with seven that Mitchell produced, and they all correspond.

Gibb. On my oath I never was in your shop-look at me, that is all I ask. Witness. I am certain it was you.





JAMES LOCKYER
. I live with Mr. Marson, in Blackfriars-road, a pawn-broker. I have a dessert fork and the duplicate—it was pawned on the 27th of August by Gibb—on the 30th of August three table forks were pawned by the same person—they have been in the house two or three years off and on—I thought, by the way she spoke, that she was a char-woman, and had pawned them for her mistress—she said, "They are mine,"—she had pawned property three or four years, and came and paid for them, which put me off my guard—there are initials on them—I did not ask her what her mistress's name was—they never will give us the name if we ask them—she said, "They are mine"—I thought she was sent by some person—I knew her in the neighbourhood for six or seven years—I

produce this silver basket, pawned about the 18th of October for 20s.-Gibb came on the Monday following, and pawned a metal watch for 10s.—she came on the watch, brought the ticket of the basket and some wanted to redeem the watch, and said she would leave the basket and some forks—I have compared these duplicates with those produced by Mitchell—they all three correspond—they are all in the same name and address, "Ann Brown, housekeeper. No. 108, Broadwall," which is about two minutes' walk from our house—I should think that is two miles and a half from Howland-street.





WILLIAM TRANAH
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker, and live in Tottenham-court road. I produce a table-cloth, pawned on the 8th of May—I do not know who by—I have examined a duplicate in the possession of Mitchell, and it corresponds with mine.





THOMAS WALKER
. I have some damask window-curtains pawned by Brown, that is Betsey I believe—she appears about twenty-five—I thought she was a lady.

COURT. Q. Do you upon your oath swear you thought she was a lady? A. Yes—she was very well dressed and behaved herself as a lady.





JAMES SMITH
. I am shopman to Mr. Jones, a pawnbroker, in High Holborn. I have a tea-spoon which was pawned—I do not know who pawned it—it is in the name of Mary Richards, No. 4, Gloucester-street—my duplicate corresponds with the one found by Mitchell.





WILLIAM CHARLES GRAYGOOSE
. I am shopman to Mr. Basset, of Great Queen-street. I have a shirt pawned on the 3rd of March, 1838, by Richards, in the name of Ann Richards—I am sure it was her—I produce a book pawned on the 12th of October, in the name of Ann Richard., and a shift and bed-gown pledged by her on the same day—I believe it was her—I am not quite certain—they are pawned in the same name and address—I have a blanket for 2s. 6d., three boots for 2s., two towels, an apron for 1s. all in the same name and address—the whole amounts to 10s. 6d.





GEORGE KING
. Hive with George Gray, a pawnbroker in Fleet-street. I have four books pawned on the 16th Of October, also a whittle, a flannel jacket, and a table-cloth—I have seen Gibb and Richards in the shop, and Berkshire, also, I believe, but I cannot swear to her—this is my hand-writing, and my name to this deposition—(reads)—"I have seen Gibb, Berkshire, and Richards, in my shop"—I feel certain in myself that I have seen her—I have examined two of these duplicates, and compared them with those produced by Mitchell, and they agree.
Gibb. Q. Did I ever pawn any of these? A. I cannot swear that—I believe I have seen Berkshire in the shop.





RICHARD SAYER
. I am in the employ of my brother, in Drury-lane. I have a tea-spoon pawned on the 17th of September, in the name of "Ann Richards"—I know the prisoner Richards—she has pledged at my shop—I have examined this duplicate with the one produced by Mitchell—they correspond—I produce a gown-piece, a pair of shoes, a shirt, and towel—the two last were pledged on the 2nd of October, the gown-piece in September, in the name of "Ann Richards, No. 11, Queen-street"—she had frequently pawned at our shop—that is how I knew her—I cannot swear that she pawned these.





EDWIN HEWITT
. I live in Drury-lane. I produce a rule pawned on the 14th of September, I cannot say by whom, in the name of "Ann Brown" a so a bed-gown and shawl pawned the same day, by the same person, I suppose, but I cannot say, they may have been taken in at the same time—there is a shift in the name of "Ann Richards"—I cannot recollect

whether that was pawned by the same person—I have compared the duplicates—they correspond with those found by Mitchell.

MRS. PARKE
re-examined. This property is mine—there is no mark on this shirt—I will not say any thing is mine that I do not know—this book I know is mine.





SARAH TWINER
. On Thursday, the 1st of November, I was in Mrs. Parke's kitchen—I found some tickets, and some keys behind the gas-meter in the kitchen—I gave them to Mrs. Parke.

MRS. PARKE
re-examined. I received them—they were keys that opened my drawers, but they were not mine—I tried them, and two of them opened closets in which I deposited all my keys when I went out—these two opened drawers which contained the property I missed.

Aitkin's Defence. My sister is quite innocent—I never gave her a single thing—she knew nothing about them.

Gibb's Defence. I gave Richards the book with the duplicates to take care of till I saw how I got on.

AITKIN—

GUILTY. Aged 23.

GIBB—

GUILTY. Aged 53.




Transported for Fourteen Years.


RICHARDS—


NOT GUILTY
.

BERKSHIRE—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners on which no evidence was offered.)
