





479. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 7th of January
, 2 boots, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Woolston
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JAMES 
                  FULLER
               



             (Police-constable E 118). I lodge in Cromer-street - on the 7th of January, at half past eight o'clock in the evening I saw the prisoner in Holborn, with something under his apron; I asked what it was - he said a pair of boots, which he had brought from Mr. Walker's at St. Giles', and he was going to a Mr. Walker's on Saffron-hill; I took him back, and he wanted to get across into Seven-dials - I took him to the station, and he then said,"To tell you the truth, a man gave them me to carry."
Prisoner. I told him I had got a pair of boots, and I pointed to a young man who gave them to me, but he ran away. Witness. There was a young man at some distance who made away.
SAMUEL WOOLSTON. I live in High-street


. These are my boots - they are two odd ones; I had seen them safe about half-past six o'clock - I do not know any Mr. Walker of St. Giles'.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HINDLEY
               



            . I live on Saffron-hill. I was present on the 16th of February last, when the prisoner was tried for stealing a pair of shoes from me - I have the certificate of his conviction from Mr. Clarke's office; I know he is the person - he was tried by the name of 
               
                  Edward 
                  McDonald
               



            .



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
