



724. 




ROBERT VANDEVEL



 was indicated for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Wetherill Hartley, on the 
14th of February, at 
St. Pancras, about 8 in the night, with intent to steal and feloniously and burglariously stealing therein, 451bs. of tea, value 10l.; 1 thimble, value 1s.; and 112 farthings; the monies and goods of the said 



William Wetherill Hartley.






WILLIAM WETHRILL HARTLEY
. I am a grocer, and carry on business in Brewer-street, Somer's-town, in the parish of St. Pancras. I reside at No.67, Pratt-street, Camden-town—my wife carries on the business of the shop, with the assistance of a shopman, named James—I do not know his other name—he lives and sleeps in the house—there are lodgers in the house—my house was broken open no Sunday, the 14th of February—I had attended to business that morning in the shop—unfortunately, I open on Sunday morning—I am collector of poor rates for St. Pancras, and am engaged the whole week in that occupation—on Sunday morning my wife generally remains in Pratt-street and I generally go down to look after the business in Brewer-street—both the houses are in St. Pancras parish—the shopman was also there that day—I left at a little after twelve o'clock on Sunday morning, the shopman left with me—I left nobody in the house—every door and window were fastened and locked, I believe, expect the room occupied by three young gentlemen, who merely deep in the house—their door was not locked, they are not in the habit of locking it—the shopman is always at home at ten o'clock at night—the father of the young gentlemen lives in the same street, and if the shopman is not at home, they wait there till he comes home—I locked the street door and

put the key in my pocket, and also the key of the padlock at a partition, which I draw up to form a private passage from the door to the shop—the shopman came to Pratt-street about half past nine o'clock that night to have his supper—he did not remain longer than a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—I then gave him the keys of the outer door, and padlock, and he went away—nobody slept in that house beside the shopman and the lodgers—there was no female servant—I retired to rest almost immediately after the shopman left, and I should think about twenty minutes or half past ten o'clock, Mr. John Sands came and gave me some information, in consequence of which I got up and dressed myself, and went with him to the shop—I found the door closed—I knocked—and the door being opened, I saw a policeman, the shopman, and the other two Mr. Sands' in the shop—as soon as I entered I saw several of the smaller canisters had been taken out of the frame, or case, and a quantity of tea scattered about on the counter, and in the scales, which remained on the counter—I went round the back of the counter, and found the canisters on the floor, emptied of their contents, expect about half or three-quarters of a pound in each—I suppose I missed from 45 to 50 lbs. weight of tea—I found the till drawn out, and misssed a quantity of farthings, which I had left in it on Sunday morning—I then went towards the kitchen, which is a room at the back of the shop—I found that door had been broken open—it appeared as if it had been tried six times by a small crow-bar—there were six marks on the door. as if it had been tried by a crow-bar—I went to the back part of the room, and found my wife's work-box, which was generally licked, broken open—the lid was open, and there was the mark of a small chisel on it—I missed a piece of sealing-wax from another small cotton-box, the lid of which draws out—I went over the whole of the house, and found all the locks open—I belive a thimble was lost from my wife's work-box—I have not got any of my property back again.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. This house is in Brewer-street? A. Yes, it consists of a residence and a shop, in which I carry on my business as a grocer—I really do not recollect my young man's name—we call him James—he had been in my employ three months—he sleeps there every night—he is not here—I asked the Magistrate if it was neceesary, as we must have shut up the shop if he had come—I saw nothing of the premises from twelve o'clock in the day till I was called to them after ten o'clock at night—I have only one street-door—the door of the kitchen behind the shop is an inner door communicating with the shop—the young men had no key of my door, not to my knowledge—they are most respectable young men—I generally took care of the key of the door, and did so on Sunday—the young men are never at home in the day-time—they go out at seven in the morning, and their sister comes and makes their bed—there is a shop-front to the house—the shutters had been down during the hours of business—the windows and doors were all secured—I did not go into all the rooms—I locked two of the back-room doors—I went up into the back-room, first-floor, and into the shop and kitchen—I think I went down stairs, but cannot be certain—there is an area to the house—there is no window in the area—it is not a kitchen, but a sort of warehouse, or lumber-room—it never has been plastered—I cannot be positive to the time the young men's sister made their had an that Sunday morning—she generally comes between eight and nine o'clock, while we are at breakfast—I recollect her coming that Sunday at the usual time—it must have been from eight to ten o'clock—I shut up at eleven, and staid untill

twelve, while my young man washed and dressed himself—I had seen the piece of sealing-wax on the Friday evening—I have no partner.





JAMES SANDS
. I am an engraver, and lodge at Mr. Hartley's. On Sunday morning, the 14th of February, I went out at a little before seven o'clock, and came back about ten or fifteen minutes after ten o'clock at night—I found Mr. Hartley's shopman, James, at the door—he had just unlocked it—my brothers were with me—we all came home together—I went in first, and the shopman, James, followed—he struck a light, and I observed the things scattered about the shop as Mr. Hartley has described—I sent my brother John to Mr. Hartley—I went myself for a police-constable, and took him back to the shop—I found whoever had come in must have come in at the front door with a false key—whoever came into the front door must have forced the cheek off one of Bramah's patent locks, and forced the shutters in the passage back.

Cross-examined. Q. But was any violence used to the outer door? A. None at all.





MARTIN M'HALE
 (police-constable S 201.) On Sunday night, the 14th of February, about half-past twelve o'clock, I was going up from King's-cross towards the gas factory, and heard a cry of children—I went on towards where it came from, till I came to a house of ill-fame, in a place commonly known by the name of of Back-walk—I looked in at the window, and saw the prisoner and another man fighting, and a woman struggling with them—I took them both into custody for fighting—I searched the prisoner, and found in his pocket four sovereigns, 1l. 12s. in silver, 1s. in pence and half-pence, and 112 farthings, a skeleton-key, a latch-key, a thimble, and a piece of sealing-wax—he was asked where he got the money—he would not tell—he was asked how much he had got—he did not tell, but he said it was his own many—he was asked where he got the thimble—he said it was his own, and the wax was also his own.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you not forgotten to tell my Lord that this man was drunk when you took him? A. He was drunk—I looked at the prosecutor's outer door—I did not try this skeleton key to it—the house is not on my beat—I did not take the prisoner on a charge of robbery—he was as far from the prosecutor's house as from here to Holborn-bridge—he might have got much further if he had chosen in that time.

MR. HARTLEY re-examined. My sealing-wax was similar to this piece—about this size—I had used it to tip a pipe with about nine o'clock on Friday evening—I will not swear to it, but I have no doubt of it in my own mind—here is the mark of the pipe.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you looked at the small skeleton key? A. Yes—I do not belive I could open my door with it—my key is a great deallarger.





HANNAH HARTLEY
. I am the prosecutors's wife. I bought this thimble fifteen months ago—I saw it on the Saturday night at twelve o'clock—I left it in my work-box on a table in the kitchen, adjoining the shop—it was locked, and I had the Key in my pocket—on Saturday evening I took 3s. 6d. worth of farthings from one person, and put them into a tin box in the till—I saw that tin box on the Sunday evening, out of the till, on the counter, and quite empty.

Prisoner's Defence I am innocent of the charge, which I can prove by witnesses.





RICHARD JOHN ELLIOTT
. I keep the Duke of Kent public-house, in

Peter-street, Southward-bridge-road. I have known the prisoner about eight months, as serving me with glass—he was at my public-house on Sunday, the 14th of February—he came at five o'clock or within a few minutes, and remained till half-past ten o'clock—a person came with him, and staid with him till half-past ten o'clock—the witness Roberts is the man—they were smoking and drinking—my house is about three miles from King's-cross.





JOHN ROBERTS
. I am a porter. I have known the prisoner eleven or twelve months—on Sunday, the 14th of February, I met him in Farringdon-street, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning—he is a hawker of glass—I went with him to the Greenwich railroad, and after-wards to a public-house in the Mint, in Peter-street, close to some ruins—Mr. Elliot served the beer—I cannot tell whether he was the landlord—we got there between four and five o'clock. and staid till it might be twenty minutes after ten o'clock, or half-past—I remained there with him till then. COURT. Q. Where did you go when you left him? A. I went home to my bed—I lodge in Little Bell-street, John-street, Smithfield.




GUILTY of breaking and entering, but not burglariously. Aged 25.



Transported for Life.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
