



1788. 




HENRY BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of April, 2 coats, value 23s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 8s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 2 pairs of boots, value 10s.; 1 comforter, value 1s.; 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; 2 razors and case, value 5s.; 1 razor-strop, value 1s.; the goods of 




Charles Barker: and 1 pistol, value 5s.; 1 hat, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 2 mustard-pots, value 1s.; and 1 burnishing stone, value 2s.; the goods of 



William Day, the younger.






CHARLES BARKER
. I am a varnish-maker. On the 5th of April I was at my cousin's house, Mr. William Day, the younger, in Edward-street, St. Pancras—my cousin brought the prisoner home, about half-past one o'clock in the morning—I was sitting up to let my cousin in—I had never seen the prisoner before; but he and I having been to sea, we sat, talking, till about four o'clock—I then said I was going to bed, and went up stairs, but previous to that I had made up the prisoner as comfortable a bed as I could in the kitchen, where we had been sitting—I got up about half-past six o'clock in the morning, and the door was open—the prisoner and the articles stated were gone—I found this strange knife lying in front of my trunk, which had been broken open, and these pincers, which are mine, are, I believe, what the trunk was broken open with—I looked round, and missed a pistol from the mantel-piece, which was my cousin's—I then missed my boots, my cousin's hat, and the rest of the articles stated—I was looking for the prisoner, but did not see him till the 18th of May, when I caught a glimpse of him at the corner of Brill-row—I followed him, and saw, by his quick step, that he must have recognized me—I followed him, till I saw a policeman—I then collared the prisoner—he said, "What do you take me for?"—I said I would let him know when I got to the

station-house—I am sure he is the man—he had my boots on at the time, and this comforter was round the neck of a young female who was living with him—it is mine—I can swear to it—it was worked by five different people—I have found no other property.

Prisoner. Q. Have you not found your articles on your own premises once—I was told you had? A. No, I have not—when I asked you for my pocket-book, which contained documents for about 40l., money lent, and my character, you said you knew nothing about it.





WILLIAM ELMER
 (police-constable S 187.) The prisoner was pointed out to me by Mr. Barker, and I took him in Weston-street—the prosecutor claimed the boots which he had on, and he did not deny they were his.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.
