



2379. 




CHARLES GOULD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of September, at 

St. Andrew, Holborn, 3 bags, value 1s.; 1 cash-box, value 7s.; 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 2l.; 135 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns, 10 half-crowns, 60 shillings, 80 sixpences, 1 bill of exchange for £5., and 1 £5 bank-note, the goods, monies, and property of 



Thomas Beard, his master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS BEARD
. I am a coach-maker, and live in Mount Pleasant, Gray's Inn-lane, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn; it is my dwelling-house. The prisoner was an apprentice of mine, and had been so nearly two years—on the evening of the 5th of September I deposited in a cash-box, 140 sovereigns and half-sovereigns, locked in a drawer, with 7l. in silver, crowns, half-crowns, and shillings in a bag—they were not in the cash-box, but in the drawer loose, by the side of the cash-box—there was a bill of exchange, and a £5 note in the cash box with the gold—I had a silver watch in the drawer, with a seal and chain—the drawer was one of a chest—I locked it up at six o'clock in the evening, in my bed room—there are two doors to the room, one leading to another room—I bolted that inside, and went out at another door, which I locked outside—I left my house directly, leaving the prisoner at home at work in the shop, and seven or eight men—I returned at eight o'clock, and found the bed-room door, which been bolted, unhinged—the hinges were completely off—the screws were drawn out of the hinges, so that any body could get in—I found the lock of the drawer forced off, and lying down—my cash-box was gone, and my watch, and every thing, and the prisoner was also gone—the cash-box was found a week after, in a corn-bin, just outside the door of the room that was broken open, on a landing—I did not see the prisoner again till he was in custody—I have since seen my watch and seal, and the bag which the money had been in.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. He was nearly two years with you? A. Yes—he was apprenticed—I consider his father a respectable man—he is a cab proprietor.






THOMAS PILLEY
. I am a journeyman in the prosecutor's service. On the 5th of September, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner sitting in a room adjoining Mr. Beard's bed-room—master was out at the time—I saw the prisoner go through the stable in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I observed afterwards that the room door was broken—the prisoner never returned—some days afterward I found the cash-box in the corn-bin.





WILLIAM TERRY
. I am a constable of Southampton. In consequence of what I saw in the Hue and Cry I went, on Sunday evening, the 1st of October, and found the prisoner at a public-house—I examined his hand, and found a mark in it, as described in the Hue and Cry—he told me his right name after some hesitation—I took him into a private room and told him I wanted him for robbing his master of a sum of money—he made no answer, but was quite sullen—I told him to turn out his pockets—he produced several articles on the table—I said to him, "Give me the watch you have got in your pocket;" and he handed the watch I now produce—I said, "That is your master's watch, is it not?" and he said "Yes, it is—he appeared quite sober—he appeared to be fumbling about his side-pocket—I told him I thought him a bad hand at searching pockets, and I must come and assist him—I was in the act of getting up (being on the opposite side of the table,) and going over to him, when I saw him draw a pistol from his left-hand coat pocket—I immediately rushed on him and threw him across a chair—he said, "Stand off, stand off!" that was after he produced the pistol—I seized him by the right hand—he held the pistol in his left; and in making a catch at his hand I caught hold of a waterman's hand, who was standing there; and during that time the pistol went off—I judge it was intended to be pointed at me—it went off, and passed my head and the head of the waterman, who dropped his head, and said "Oh Lord!"—it was a percussion pistol—the pieces of the cap flew over my face, and I think the powder came in my face, for I was quite stunned with it—the charge lodged over the mantel-piece—it was a ball—I wrenched the pistol out of his hand; and my son, who sat opposite, said, "Father he has got another pistol"—I immediately drew it out of his pocket—both were double-barrelled pistols, and the three barrels were all loaded with ball, besides the one discharged—they were all capped and cocked—I found 5s. 6d. on him—I asked him what he had done with the seal—he said he had given it to a girl, whom he described—I found she was a girl of the town from Portsmouth, and I got the seal from her—I asked him what he had done with the gold—he said he had spent it—he told me his master's cash-box was in the corn-bin—I took him before the Magistrate afterwards, and brought him to London.

Cross-examined. Q. At the time the pistol was fired, had you got him forced down in the chair? A. I had—I should rather think that prevented him from raising the pistol—it was done all in a moment—he drew the pistol before he said "Stand off"—after he was taken he behaved very well, and cried like a child.





WILLIAM TERRY
, Jun. I was present when my father took the prisoner, and assisted him—I produce three canvas bags, which the prisoner laid on the table.

MR. BEARD
re-examined. These are my bags, my watch, and seal.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
