




1576. 




WILLIAM ENGLAND
 and 



THOMAS WAY
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



Robert Martin, on the 
12th of April, with intent to steal, and stealing there in, 2 planes, value 4s.; 1 pair of compasses, value 2d.; 1 file, value 2d.; and 1 gouge, value 2d.; his goods.







MR. ROBERT MARTIN
. I am a surgeon, and live in Cross-street, Islington. I have a garden and tool-house at the back of my house, which is enclosed by a brick wall—I found it broken open on the 12th of April, about the middle of the day, and missed the articles stated, with many more—I have since seen some which are my property.





WILLIAM CHING
 (police-constable N 61.) I apprehended the prisoners in Duddy's-rents, Islington, in a room with four other persons—I found nothing on the prisoners—they denied the charge—I found these two duplicates in the room.





THOMAS HOBBS KING
 (police-constable N 248.) I was with Ching, and found a gouge and pair of compasses in the room, in a box with other tools, by the side of the window.





CHARLES GRANT
. I live in Battle Bridge-road. The prisoner Way occupied a tenement of mine in Duddy's-rents, opposite the end of the prosecutor's garden—it was the room he was apprehended in—he has lived there some months—his father and mother lived there also, but they are lately dead.





JAMES ASHLEY
. I am shopman to Mr. Coley, a pawnbroker, in Lower-road. I produce two planes which were pawned on the 24th of April, in the name of John Way—I have no recollection of the person—the two duplicates produced are counterparts of those on the planes.





JOSEPH CARRINGTON
. I live in Norfolk-street, Islington. I pawned two planes at Mr. Coley's shop for the prisoner Way's brother James—he gave them to me in Duddy's-rents, close to the prisoner's room door—all the family live there—I gave the money to James Way—he lives in the room also.





JAMES WAY
. I live with my brother in Duddy's-rents. England gave me these two planes, and asked me to pawn them for him; which I did—no one was in the room when he gave them to me—he lives in the same room with my brother.

England's Defence. I wish to clear the innocent person—this is the innocent prisoner, and the witness is the guilty one along with mysetf—I did not give them to him to pawn, but he and I stole them together, and he gave them to the witness to pawn while I was out at work.

ENGLAND*—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

WAY—


NOT GUILTY
.
