






970. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PHENY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, 2 lbs. weight of soap, value 14d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Winmill
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .
THOMAS WINMILL. I am a grocer
, and live in Carnaby-street


. I was out at the time this happened.


                  JOHN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I live in Marlborough-court, near the prosecutor's; I saw the prisoner near his shop, with three other persons - the prisoner went and asked for one halfpenny worth of Spanish liquorice, while one of the others took the soap from the counter; the prisoner then took the soap - I gave an alarm, and he was taken in Maddox-street, with the soap, which he dropped.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DODD
               



            . I saw the prisoner put the soap under his coat, as I was standing in Lowndes-court; we went and asked at the prosecutor's shop, if they had lost any thing - they said Yes, a piece of soap; we pursued the prisoner and met an officer, who took him.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I took the prisoner - this is the soap.
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing still when they took me; the soap was on before me. I went to buy the Spanish liquorice, and one of the boys took the soap; I did not. GUILTY.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . I have a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner on the 29th of October - I was present, and know he is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
