





1890. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SLIPPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 1 axe, value 3s.; 1 oil-stone, value 2s.; 1 wrench, value 2s., and 2 planes, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robins
                  




               
            .
JOHN ROBINS. I am a wheelwright
. On the 12th of October I was at work in Mr. Rouse's shop, in Hampstead-road


 - these tools are mine, and were on the bench; I left them in the evening, and went between six and seven o'clock in the morning, and they were gone; the prisoner had been employed there, but was discharged the same evening.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have not you and the prisoner had some dealings? A. Yes - I did not owe him 8s. 2d.; I had some things of him, but paid him for them one at a time - I cannot tell what I paid; I did not pay 10s. - they were not worth so much: I had four or five chisels, a drawing-knife, and some little things at one time - I bought a duplicate of a smoothing-plane of him, and got the oil-stone out myself; I did not return them to the prisoner - he never demanded 8s. 2d. on the remainder of what was due to him; I never told him I would pay him what I could in the evening - I did not return him any of these things; I left the shop with my master, and locked the door - I did not tell my master they were stolen, because I thought he would be angry at my owing money - these are not the things I bought of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COPE
               



            . I am a glazier. I saw the prisoner go up the yard into the shop on Tuesday evening, the 12th of October - I did not see him come back.


                  JOHN 
                  LOVICK
               



            . I live with a pawnbroker. I have an axe, an oil-stone, and a wrench, pawned by the prisoner, on the 12th of October, between seven and eight o'clock, in the name of Roberts.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINS
               



            . These are mine - I bought the oil-stone of him, and paid for it; the axe and screw-wrench are my own - I had no quarrel with him.
Prisoner's Defence. He was indebted to me 10s., and I went to him for it - he told me not to say any thing to his master, but he would give me his axe and screw-wrench; I might pawn them in his name, and he would redeem them on Saturday night, when he received money from his master - he fetched the tools out of the shop in the evening; there is no door to the shop.
JOHN ROBINS. I was not in the shop after seven o'clock- there are doors to the bottom of the yard, and they were shut; there are carpenters and other persons up the yard- there are three keys to the lock; the gate was not broken.
JURY. Q. Have you any reason to believe he was let in by the carpenters? A. I cannot say, but my tools were safe overnight; the Policeman took the duplicate.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a wheelwright, and live at Battle-bridge. The prosecutor came and told me he had lost his tools, and asked if I had seen the prisoner - I said No; he said if I did I should give him in charge - he said he had lost an oil-stone, axe, and wrench; I saw the prisoner in about half an hour afterwards, which was about three o'clock, on a Wednesday, at the Maidenhead public-house; he had two planes with him, which he offered me for sale - he was tipsy, and the planes were left there; I followed him towards Somers'-town, and gave charge of him.
WILLIAM COPE re-examined. Q. Do you know the gates? A. Yes, my master lives at the corner; the gates were open, and the prisoner went right up into the shop, between seven and eight o'clock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
