





1445. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of June
, 2 epaulettes, value 30s.
            , the goods of our Lord the 
               
King



            .
2nd. COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Elliott
                  




               
            .
3rd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of some person or persons unknown.
MESSRS. HEATON and GURNEY conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am secretary to the Board of General Officers

. The prisoner was messenger to that Board
 - I think he came on the 29th of September, and early in October I went over the collection of patterns, which are deposited in my care, to put them into hischarge, and ascertain that the stock was complete, to enable him to give information to persons who might come to see the patterns; there were a considerable number of epaulettes of different patterns, some gold, and some silver - they were all safe in October, when I went over them with him, and he was told he was to show them to persons who might come - on the 23rd of June, I was first informed there was something missing, and on Monday, the 25th of June, I went over the patterns, and missed one gold, and one silver epaulette - they were in my care, and were the property of the King; I had a good character with the prisoner from Sir 
               
                  Henry 
                  Parnell
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  FARMER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harrison, a pawnbroker, in Wardour-street. On the 19th of June the prisoner brought this silver epaulette to our shop; I saw it taken in of him, in the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Brown
               



            , for 
               
                  William 
                  Brown
               



            , No. 74, Old Compton-street - on the 23rd of June, he came again, and offered this gold epaulette to pawn; he said it belonged to 
               
                  William 
                  Brown
               



            , No.74, Compton-street - I went out to go there with him, but he would not go there, he turned in another direction; I then took him back to Mr. Harrison's shop, and on the way back, I asked him to whom they really did belong - he then said they belonged to his master, who was gone to Portugal, and had given him power to make use of them, if he should be short of money.
Prisoner. I told him I should receive my money in a short time, and I would release it; I had not seen my prosecutor for some days. Witness. He did not say that till he was in custody.
MR. FITZPATRICK. I am clerk to the Magistrates at Marlborough-street. I heard the prisoner admit, at the office, that he took them, and it was written down; he said he intended to redeem them.
Prisoner's Defence. I intended to take them out, and I wrote to my prosecutor to come and take me out of custody, which he did; I had not seen him for three weeks - I intended to release them in a day or two.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
