





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1107. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, at Christ-church


, 1 watch, value 7l.; 2 seals, value 7s.; 1 watch-key, value 6d., and 1 watch-ribbon, value 2d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Everitt
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  SWAINSON TUCK
               



            . I am a watchman of Farringdon-within, and live at No. 6, Holiday-yard, Creed-lane. On the night of July 4, at half-past ten o'clock, I was in Butcher-hall-lane and heard the cry of, Stop thief; the prisoner ran by me down the lane, in a direction from Newgate-street; I immediately ran after him - I stopped him as there was no thoroughfare where he ran - I took him to the watch-house, and he handed this watch into our inspector's hands.
Prisoner. Q. Did I attempt to rescue myself? A. No.
SAMUEL EVERITT. I live with Mr. Robertson, a stablekeeper, in Black-house-yard. On the night of the 4th of June I was going home from Newgate-street, down Butcher-hall-lane


, the prisoner ran against me, and I felt my watch go; I called; Stop thief - he ran up Christchurch-passage and the watchman secured him, and the watch was found on him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say at the Police-office, that you saw the watch in my hand? A. No; the first time I saw it was at the watch-house, I believe, but I was soconfused; there was nobody but him near me - I did not state before the Magistrate, that I saw the watch in your hand; not that I recollect.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWS
               



            . I live at No. 3, Butcher-hall-lane, and am inspector of the watch. On the night of the 4th of June, I heard the cry of Stop thief and saw the prisoner running towards Christ-church-passage, which is no thoroughfare; I helped to stop him, and the prosecutor said, he had been robbed of his watch - I laid hold of one hand and the watchman of the other; he wanted to get his hand at liberty, and at the watch-house I let go of his hand, he put it into his trousers pocket, and took out the watch.
Prisoner. Q. How long elapsed from the time of your taking me till you got me to the watch-house? A. Not two minutes - I did not see the watch till I got to the watch-house.
Prisoner to 
               S. 
            EVERITT. Q. When you lost your watch, did you cry, Stop thief? A. Directly you ran from me, I felt the watch go, and said, "You have got my watch," and called out, Stop thief - I swear you took it from me; there was nobody else in Butcher-hall-lane.
Prisoner's Defence. I am perfectly innocent.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 23. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
