





21. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BLANCHARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, 24 1/2 yards of woollen cloth, value 16l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Fox
                     




                   and another, in the dwelling house of John Fox
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
JOHN FOX. I am in partnership with Thomas Preston; we are Blackwell-hall factors
, and live in Basinghall-street


; I occupy the house as a dwelling-house. On the 18th of November, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, when the prisoner was apprehended, I missed two ends of cloth, one measuring twenty-four yards and a half, and the other twenty-three - Henman, next morning, showed me one end, which I had seen safe in the warehouse, about one or two o'clock the day before; it is worth 16l. - here it is; I know it by the number and the private mark made by my partner.
Cross-examined by MR. SMITH. Q.Was your partner at the house of business that day? A. Yes; he had authority to sell goods as well as me - he left about twelve o'clock, and did not return; I was in the warehouse the whole evening after he left - my partner does not live in the house; the rent is paid by the firm, but I pay a certain portion to the firm; the warehouse door fastens with a common spring latch, and a bell rings when the door opens - I do not recollect hearing it ring; nobody but myself was in the warehouse or counting house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENMAN
               



            . I am a constable of the City. On the 18th of November, about five o'clock, I was in Aldermanbury, and saw the prisoner there with this cloth on his arm - he was going from Basinghall-street, and about three hundred yards from the prosecutor's; a man, who is of a suspicious character, was about two yards behind him - I followed him up Philip-lane to London-wall; I was disposed to let him go as far as the door beyond Deacon's yard, on account of there being a strong gas-light - I turned round towards him, and seeing me look at him, he threw the cloth down, and ran away; I had said nothing to him - I called Deacon's people to take care of the cloth- I pursued, calling Stop thief! he ran up Aldermanbury Postern; I secured him, without losing sight of him - I took him back to Deacon's, found the cloth safe, and then took him to the Compter; on our way there he asked me if this job could not be made up - that he had got a few pounds of his own, and money should be no object; I said it was of no use to trifle with me - after leaving him at the Compter I got the cloth from Deacon's, and have had it ever since; Hedges tripped him up, which enabled me to secure him; I did not hold out either threat or promise to him.
Cross-examined. Q.You know that what he said could not be given in evidence against him, if you said any thing to induce him to say it? A.Certainly I do - it was dark; the cloth was wrapped up, but I could see it: he put his hand over the front, which was uncovered; I never lost sight of him - nobody was between me and him; he ran in the middle of the road.


                  HENRY 
                  HEDGES
               



            . I was in the neighbourhood of London-wall. I heard a cry of Stop thief! I tripped up the prisoner, threw him down, took hold of him, and the officer came up.
Cross-examined. Q.Several other people were running? A. I did not notice any - I did not say it was so dark I should not know him again.


                  THOMAS 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I was near Mr. Deacon's, and heard the officer call for somebody to take care of the cloth; I saw it in London-wall, opposite Deacon's counting-house window - I took it up, in Pollard's presence, and carried it into the warehouse; this is it.
Cross-examined. Q.How do you know it? A. I made a mark on it.


                  JOHN 
                  POLLARD
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Deacon, of the White Horse-inn. On the 18th of November, about five o'clock, I heard a cry of Stop thief! Norris gave me a piece of cloth, which we both put a mark on, and delivered it to Henman - here is my mark on it; it is blue clot h
MR. PHESTON. I am in partnership with Mr. Fox - I left the premises about four o'clock; I did not sell this cloth - I saw it about half-past two o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. What do you know it by? A. By the number, by the colour, and number of yards, which is in my own hand-writing.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking up London-wall, and heard a cry of Stop thief! several persons were running - I ran with them; I turned up Aldermanbury, and got about ten yards, when Hedges pushed me down - he held me for some minutes, and the officer came up, and said,"That is right - I have got you, but I suppose I have lost the cloth.


                  MARY 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am house-servant to Mr. Fox, I saw the prisoner standing at master's warehouse door, about five o'clock on the afternoon in question; I never saw him before, but am positive of his person - I did not see him do any thing; I saw him again in Newgate on the 25th.
Cross-examined. Q. What made you pay any particular attention to him? A. I was standing at the private door while the dustmen were taking the dust out - he was two or three yards from the warehouse door, and four or five minutes under my observation: he was carelessly turning round, and looking at me - I did not know whether he might have any business there.




               GUILTY (of stealing only.)
             Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
