



337. 




CHARLES EDWARD CHAUNT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of November, at the Liberty of the Rolls, 1 bag, value 6d.; 5 franc-pieces, value 12s. 6d.; 8 half-francs, value 3s. 4d.; 8 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign; and 4 half-crowns; the property of 



Phillip Martineau and others: 1 purse, value 6d. the goods of 



Edward Trollope: 1 snuff-box, value 2s.; 1 watch-chain, value 2l.; two seals, value 15s.; 1 penknife, value 6d.; 1 guinea. 4 shillings, and 9 groats; the property of 



William Glide, in the dwelling-house of 



Phillip Martineau and others; and afterwards, about the hour of eleven o'clock in the night of the same day, burglariously breaking out of the same dwelling-house.


MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.





ORSON BARNES
. I am a clerk in the employ of Messrs. Phillip Martineau and two others. One of the clerks dwells in the premises in Carey-street—-the firm do not pay taxes for the house I believe—on Thursday night, the 28th of November, 1 went out about a quarter-past nine o'clock—I turned the gas off and let go the bolt, and that fastened the door—the

desk which was afterwards opened, did not belong to me, but to Mr. Glide, one of the clerks—I did not notice it—I had put a canvass bag, with eight sovereigns, one half-sovereign, and four half-crowns into a little drawer in the iron safe on that night—I put the key of the little drawer in my pocket, and the key of the iron safe in a drawer of a desk close by—I have frequently seen a green purse—I put it in the drawer of the iron safe myself in the early part of September—it contained 3 five-franc pieces and several small French coins—I arrived at the office about ten o'clock next morning—the safe had then been opened—papers were lying about the floor, and the little drawer was quite empty—the purse was gone and the bag containing the money—the purse belonged to Mr. Trollope, one of the partners—I found two or three bunches of keys on the floor—the policeman tried them and one of them opened the little drawer.





WILLIAM GLIDE
. I reside in the house. I came home about ten minutes to twelve o'clock on the night in question, and let myself in by the latch and door-keys—the door was not open—the latch-lock and the large lock were both fastened—I opened them—the cellar-flap, which leads to the coal-cellar was open—you cannot get from there to the office—when I went into the office, I found the gas full on—it is always usual for the last clerk who leaves to turn it out—I went into the outer office and found my desk turned up and all the contents thrown over—I looked into a little tin case in my desk and missed a George III. guinea, a small German silver snuff-box, a gold chain, and a paper containing new shillings, sixpences, and fourpenny-pieces, amounting to about 10s.—I went into the inner room and found the iron safe open, the left hand drawer out, and the contents gone—some papers were strewed about, and three bunches of keys on the floor, with the contents of the drawer laid over them—one of the keys opens the drawer of the iron chest as easily as the right one—the key of my desk was lying on the desk—the key was not in the iron chest, but placed on Mr. Martineau's table in his room—it was usually kept in a small side drawer—I lost a penknife from my desk.





WILLIAM WELLESLEY MEDDLECOTT
. On Saturday, the 30th of November, about half-past one o'clock in the morning, the prisoner and two other boys came to Bow-street—the prisoner charged one of the boys with assaulting and robbing him—there was a boy who accompanied the prisoner, and another who was in custody—the other boy desired me to ask the prisoner what he had done with the silver snuff-box he had in the morning—the prisoner said it was not silver, it was only German silver, and that he had lost it in the scuffle which had recently taken place in his room—he said he had lost four half-crowns also—I told him to let me search him, and see what he had about him, perhaps he had not lost them—I found on him four half-crowns, one shilling, 5 1/2 d. in copper, three duplicates, and two silk handkerchiefs—I asked him where he lived—he said, in Salutation-court, Broad-street, St. Giles's—I sent George Bird there, and he returned to the station-house with this green silk purse, with five sovereigns, one half-sovereign, one guinea of George III., three fivefranc pieces, and eight small coins—he also brought a canvass bag with 1s. 6d. in it—I asked the prisoner where he had got the gold—he said he had saved it from his earnings—I asked him about the foreign coins—he said they had been given to him by his father—I asked him about the purse—he said he bought that in Holborn about two months previously.





GEORGE BIRD
. I got the things produced by Meddlecott from the witness

Conolly, on the night in question, at No. 1, Salutation-court. St. Giles's, and brought them to the station-house.





WILLIAM CONOLLY
. I keep a lodging-house in Salutation-court, Broad-street, St. Giles's. The prisoner lodged with me from the Monday till the Friday before the 30th—I got the things I gave to Bird from the prisoner's hands—some boys were attacking him, which led to his giving them to me—on Thursday night, the 28th of November, or Friday morning, he came home, about one o'clock—at that time he had not paid me any thing for his lodging—when he came home that night, he paid me 1s. 4d. for two nights' lodging—he pulled out a canvass bag, which seemed to have plenty of money in it, but I could not see what—I asked what made him so late—be said he was a dancer at a minor theatre, and that was the way he got his living.





EDWARD TROLLOPE
. This is my green purse—I have had it some time, but the slide and tassel I have had six or seven years—my house is in the Liberty of the Rolls—we pay the rent, and my clerk lives in it to take care of it.





GEORGE COLEMAN
. I am a master sweep. The prisoner was in my service for six years and four months—he left me in June—while he was with me I did work at Mr. Martineaux's, in Carey-street—he often went there—I know nothing of his being a dancer at a theatre.





GEORGE BIRD

re-examined. There was no appearance of any violence done to the doors at all—I believe the cellar-flap was opened from the inside—I have no doubt of it.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
