




419. 




WILLIAM GADBY
 and 




SAMUEL ROLT
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Bacon, on the 
31st of December, about the hour of six in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 2 pairs of half-boots, value 6s., his goods.







WILLIAM BACON
. I live in Union-street, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch—I rent the house. About half-past six o'clock in the evening of the 31st of December, I was informed my window was broken, and some shoes taken out—I was in the cellar at the time; the policeman came and made inquiry—I missed two pairs of boots from a shelf in fiont of the window—they were exposed for sale—about half the square of glass was broken, sufficient for an arm to go through and take them; it had been cracked before, and repaired with putty—it had been so for two years—I saw the boots again in about twenty minutes—they had my private mark on them.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. When had you observed the window before? A. About three o'clock in the afternoon, when I was cleaninig my shoes—the window was whole at that time—I did not see it afterwards—the street is pretty public—I was chopping wood, and I should not hear any noise at the window—I cannot say at what time it was broken—there was nobody in the shop, I believe, after me—a push would not make the glass fall in.





HENRY BARNARDIER
. I live with my sister, in Union-street, Kings-land-road. On the 31st of December, I was coming down Kingsland-road, just at the corner of Union-street, and saw the prisoner, Rolt, drop one shoe just at the corner of the street—he tried to throw another shoe down the area next door to Mr. Bacon's—the policeman had hold of the prisoners at the time—I picked up both the shoes; gave the first that he dropped to the policeman, and took the other into the shop, and put it on the counter—Mr. and Mrs. Bacon and the policeman were there—Rolt afterwards tried to put a boot down the area in a handkerchief—he let it fall—he tried to put it down, but could not—he threw it down—I took it up, took it into the shop, and put it on the counter.

Cross-examined. Q. This was within a door of Mr. Bacon's? A. Yes; neither of the shoes went down the area—Mr. Bacon's two little boys were there, but they did not say any thing—there were no other boys there—Bacon's boys were walking behind me—I was quite close to the prisoners—the policeman had hold of them both.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
. I am a policeman. About twenty minutes after fire o'clock, on the Slat of December, I was in Union-street, Kingsland-road, and saw two boys who I believe to be the prisoners, at the prosecutor's shop window—I did not see their faces—it is a very dark spot there, or else it would have been lightenough to see their faces—I watched them nearly half an hour—during that time they crossed and re-crossed to Mn Bacon's shop—at last they stopped there three or four minutes, and walked away quickly, which excited my suspicion—I ran immediately to the shop—the prosecutor was at home—I asked him if he had lost any thing from the window, previous to my looking at it—I had not seen enough of the boys to swear to them—I found the window broken—he said-some shoes were taken out—I went after the boys, but they escaped at the time—I went round Hackney-road, and Kingsland-road—I then returned to Mr. Bacon's shop, and told him I could not find them—I then went to the top of Union-street, and there saw the two prisoners nearly together, not two minutes' walk from Mr. Bacon's—directly I got round the corner, I saw Gadby with one boot in his hand, looking at it—I said to him, "Where did you get that boot from?"—he said, "My father is a shoemaker"—at that moment I saw his left hand at his coat, as if he had something under it—I said, "That will not do for me, give me the others"—upon which he gave me another boot—at this time I saw Rolt, and said, "Stop," and collared him

—they were very close to each other—I had not collared him an instant before Barnardier brought me a boot, and said Rolt had just dropped it—on going down Union-street, towards the prosecutor's shop, I saw Rolt endeavour to put another boot, with a handkerchief round it, down an area—Barnardier took it up—the prosecutor identified them.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was it from the time you discovered the window broken, to your seeing the two lads at the corner of Union-street? A. Twenty minutes—I had lost sight of them all that time—I have no doubt when I first saw them, that Gadby was examining the boot, he had in his hand—he was not talking to Rolt, Rolt was just behind him—I suppose they were on the look out for me—Gadby never said the boots had been given or sold to him by Rolt, in my presence—I know his father is a highly respectable man—he is a bricklayer, not a shoemaker—when he said his father was a shoemaker, it was to avoid my inquiry no doubt, the prosecutor is so frequently robbed; if I clear the boys away, the moment we go off the beat he is robbed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Gadby's Defence. I was going to a rubbish-carter for my father—as I returned home I crossed over and picked up two pairs of shoes—I turned back and looked at them, and the policeman caught hold of me.
(George Simons, dyer, Cullum-street, Spitalfields; James Boon, tobacco-pipe maker, George-street, Brick-lane; Abraham Keymer, licensed-victualler, Castle-street, Bethnal-green; George Brook, shoemaker, Anstin-street, Hackney-road; John Lewis, weaver, Upper Holloway; John Sullivan, weaver, Newcastle-street, Bethnal-green; and John Line, wearer, Newcastle-street, Bethnal-green; deposed to the prisoner Gadby's good character; and John Line, John Leicester, John Sullivan, and Abraham Keymer, deposed to that of Rolt.)





WILLIAM HOLLAND

re-examined. The boys I saw at the window were about the size and appearance of the prisoners, and I firmly believe them to be the boys.

JURY. Q. When you took them, were they in the direction the boys you saw went? A. Yes; they must have gone round the road—they were just by a pawnbroker's shop, and Rolt told me afterwards that they were going to pawn them.

GADBY—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.

ROLT—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.
Of breaking and entering, but not of burglary.




Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Taunton.
