






1830. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     SPURRIER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     PHOEBE 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 seal, value, 10s.; 1 key, value 1s., and 1 purse, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Shaw
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH SHAW. I am servant to a gentleman
 in Whitehall-place. On the 19th of September, between twelve and one o'clock at night - I had been out spending the evening, but I knew what I was about - I passed the prisoners in Peter-street


; they turned round and followed me - they asked me to go to a house, which I did, and they wished to have something to drink - I gave Walters some silver to go and get something - she went out, and I remained with Spurrier - I pulled out my watch, and said I should not stop above twenty minutes - when Walters came back with the liquor - one of them (I believe Walters) put out the candle, and made some excuse to go out - I had put my watch on the table, but I believe one of them had pulled out the table-drawer, and put the watch into it - Walters did not return - the candle being out, I felt uncomfortable, and desired to have a light; at that moment I heard something dangling, as Spurrier went across the room; I did not hear any thing tick, but only rattle - I followed her, and she passed very quick into a room opposite; I said, "Where is my watch?" she said she had not got it, and she knew nothing about it - I insisted upon a light, but no light was produced; I then threw up the window, called the Police, and gave charge of Spurrier - he found nothing on her; the other had absconded altogether - there was a third person in the house, whom I had not seen; I gave information, and the Policeman took Walters with the watch in the morning.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOWEN
               



            . I am a Police-constable; my attention was called by the prosecutor - I went, took Spurrier, I searched the room, and the next room - I found nothing, but 4s. 6d.; I took Spurrier that night, and went in search of Walters, at No. 7, in the Almonry - I questioned her whether she would open the door, or I would break it open - I found her in bed, and this watch under her head.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SHAW
               



            . This is my watch.
COURT. Q. Did you make them any present? A. Yes, I did to Spurrier - I certainly did not see or know that my watch was in the room.
Spurrier's Defence. I met him in York-street about ten o'clock; he went with us, and sent Walters for 1s. worth of gin and cloves, then for another, and for four or five - he made me quite tipsy, and I went to bed; he undressed, and went to bed too.
Walters' Defence. When I went in with the last gin and cloves, he said he was sorry he had not money to pay for more, and he gave me his watch; I then went to bed, and he grumbled at three of us being in bed - I got up and went to another bed.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SHAW
               



            . I never thought of stopping all night; I did not give the watch to either of them; I gave Spurrier 3s. 6d. or 4s., and it might be 2s. or 3s. I gave Walters for liquor.
JURY. Q. Were you so intoxicated you did not know what you gave? A. Certainly not.
SPURRIER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
WALTERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
