






129. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LANE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 1 watch, value 30l.; 1 chain, value 5l.; 1 pocket-book, value 3d.; 1 watch-key, value 20s., and 2 seals, value 5l., the goods of Sir


                           Robert 
                           Graham
                        




                     
                  , Bart., from his person
            .
SIR ROBERT GRAHAM, BART. I carry on business in Walbrook. On the 9th of November, about three o'clock, I was within two or three doors of the London coffee-house, on the footpath, at the time the Stationers' Company were passing: there were a great number of persons - I felt myself surrounded by several well dressed men, of whom I had no suspicion; they squeezed against me very closely for some time - I had left home about ten minutes, and had in a purse in my trousers pocket 9l. - my watch and seals were in my fob, and the chain concealed in my trousers; I had also a pocket-book of no value - my watch and appendages were gold, and worth about 36l.; as soon as I got relived from the pressure, I missed my watch and pocket-book; my purse was not taken - I thought the men who were close to me were larger than the prisoners; I saw them before the Magistrate next day, and my pocket-book was produced; the memorandums in it are my own writing.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. No doubt many persons were there innocently? A.Certainly; my pocketbook was in my left-hand trousers pocket - I tucked my chain and seals into my right hand trousers pocket; I did not see the prisoners - one person had very large whiskers, and another was a tall man.


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I am a City-officer. I was on Ludgate-hill


 on the 9th of November - I did not see Sir Robert Graham, or know he had been robbed; I was on the opposite side to the London coffee-house, about three o'clock in the afternoon, as the procession was passing, and saw several persons collected near the coffee-house; the prisoners were among them - Smith was in the middle of them; their heads were all down, apparently examining something - I went over, and took hold of Smith; I took him into a public-house, and in his coat pocket found this pocket-book: I asked Smith whose it was - he said his master's; I opened it, and saw a letter addressed to Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Graham
               



             - I asked how he came by that letter; he then said, "I had the pocket-book given to me;" I asked who by - he described a person dressed as Lane; his description corresponded with the appearance of Lane, who was among the party when I took Smith; I put him into the Compter, went into Cheapside, and saw Lane standing by the pavement in a crowd - I told him he must come with me; he said, "What have I done?" I said I would tell him at the Compter - I took him there, and had Smith called up; I said."Is this the person who gave you the pocket-book?" he very reluctantly said, "I don't think he is the man," and hesitated several times; Lane said, "Do you say I gave it to you?" he said, "No, I don't say so;" I detained them both.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not search Smith before you took him to the public-house? A. I searched his waistcoat pocket, but not minutely; he was not out of my custody - I let go of him, but kept close to him; I knew him before, and he knew me - he is in the newspaper line.
SIR 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  GRAHAM
               



            . My own writing is in this book, and here is a letter addressed to me; I have not found my watch.
Smith's Defence. I was going up Ludgate-hill, and had not been there five minutes before the officer, who I well knew, took me; he searched all my pockets, and told me to go about my business - I walked from the coffee-house to the Old Bailey, and stood looking at the prison; if I had known of a robbery, I should have escaped; I picked the book up on Ludgate-hill, as a crowd was passing.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY (of stealing the pocket-book.)
            

Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
LINE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
