





1867. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HART
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, 1 reticule, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 purse, value 1s.; 4 half-crowns, and 8 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jane Anne 
                           Greenshields
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 8th of September I was on duty at Charing-cross


, and saw the prisoner in company with three others; I saw the prosecutrix pass - the prisoner turned back after her; I saw him draw a knife from his pocket, open it, and put it before her - he then turned round towards me, and I collared him, with this reticule in his hand; the lady turned round, and he dropped it - it contained 18s., a purse, and a handkerchief.


                  JANE 
                  ANNE GREENSHIELDS
               



            . I live in Berwick-street, Soho. On the 8th of September I was at Charing-cross, and lost my reticule - and on turning round, I saw it in the Policeman's hands; I felt it go from my arm, but did not see the prisoner.

Prisoner' Defence. I was passing through Charingcross, and there was a bar, which caused me to stop - I saw something shine on the ground, and went on five or ten yards; I then turned back, stooped down behind this lady, and the witness caught hold of me; he said,"Are you a Jew?" I said, "Why do you ask that?" he said, "Because I want to be revenged on a Jew - a Jew has done me some injury, and you are just the man I want."


                  RICHARD 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I said no such thing - there was an attempt at rescue; two gentlemen came up, or he would have got away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
