



643. 




WILLIAM TINDELL
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.






JOHN JAMES BOWRING
. I live in Laurence Pouteney-lane, and am a bottle-merchant. The prisoner was in my employ, and it was his duty to take and receive any sums of money—I sent him to Mrs. Brent's, at Dept-ford, for 1l. 16s.; and if he received it, it was his duty to pay it to me—he has not paid it me, nor any part of it—he returned, and stated that Mrs. Brent was ill, and she had nothing but a very large note in the house, and had not change to pay it; but she would send in a very few days.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When was this? A. On the 14th of November—he continued in my service six or seven days afterwards—he had been with me six weeks or two months before—I know a person named Basan—he had a shipment about that time—I provided some bottles for that shipment—I received a turn of money on account—Mr. Bassan sent in some bottles himself, and I provided the rest—it was a shipment of ale and porter—it was seized, because there was an information that some of it had been put into old bottles, which cannot receive the draw-back—it was Mr. Basan's first shipment—he employed me to bottle the ale—Tindell did it under my superintendence—I received twenty-three gross of new bottles from Mr. Basan, and I had the money to buy the remaining two gross of new bottles—the ale is now in the cellar—I received the money before any bottles were bought—the reason all the ale was not in new bottles was, that part of it was bottled before the new bottles were sent in—I knew it ought to have been in new bottles, and I bought a gross of bottles myself, and therefore there could be but one gross of old; but the thing was settled with the Excise-office ten days ago, which was seven days before I knew the prisoner was in custody.

Q. Is it usual to give any entertainment to the men? A. It is usual in packing to give the packing officers their lunch—that was about the time the prisoner was sent to Deptford—I know nothing about the prisoner paying for an entertainment for the officers, I paid for their lunch every day—I heard of my wife's son taking a bottle of wine—it was returned the next day—it was Mr. Basan's wine—Tindell told me of it; but I look upon him in that transaction as guilty as the other; I do not prosecute the prisoner for that, but for taking this money—I did not send any of Mr. Basan's bottles to other people's houses instead of putting his ale into them, and if such a thing was done, it was without my knowledge—I heard that Thomas and the officers, and the prisoner, had been carousing together—Clancey told me of it—I did not know that he had been one of the party—he did not say he had rather pay the money than I should indict the prisoner—he condemned the prisoner all through—when we are bottling, there is always an Excise-officer, and it is customary to give them their lunch.






ALFRED BRENT
. I am the ton of Mrs. Brent, of Deptford. I was at home, on the 14th of November, the principal part of the day—the prisoner came for the payment of a bill for two gallons of British brandy, which came to 1l. 16s.—my mother was ill in bed—my sister paid him in my presence, and he gave this receipt, signed, "For John James Bowring, William Tindell"—Mr. Bowring afterwards called for the money, and we showed him the receipt.

Cross-examined. Q. You say your mother was ill, perhaps she had a large note? A. Not that I know of—she might have one—my sister paid him two sovereigns in my presence; and, to the best of my knowledge, I gave the prisoner a pen and ink to write the receipt—I believe I saw him write it—I took it up directly after—I am sure this is the same paper.

Prisoner's Defence. I have no doubt this case would not have been urged against me, but for my being as evidence against other parties—he has sworn he was not aware that the ale was in old bottles, and he knows that old bottles were used; and in consequence of that, I have no doubt, this indictment is laid against me, which I was not aware of till last night—the whole sum of money was spent in a supper; as he had promised to give a leg of mutton supper, and to stand a few bottles of wine, provided the job was hushed up—he came home that night in a great passion, and accused Clancey of laying an indictment; and I took the officer to the ticket-porters' public-house to have a glass of brandy-and-water; Clancey and Thomas came to us, and we had ale and porter, and three glasses of brandy-and-water, to prevent any thing going forward against him—the officers then wanted supper, and we went to Shoreditch, and bought 8lbs. of tripe at Mr. Bennett's, and some onions; and we went to a house to have them—I was in liquor, and west to bed; and they had the tripe and the onions cooked—I had the whole money taken from me; sad since then, Clancey has said he would pay the money by instalments, rather than I should be indicted—Mr. Bowring has more than once pressed me to join him in partnership, knowing that my friends were respectable and would support him—I can produce an sight-years' character, and never was in any difficulty before; and it is, no doubt, to prevent my appearing against him that he has instituted this.





JOHN JAMES BOWRING

re-examined. Q. Did you authorize him to have any leg of mutton supper, and to hush up matters with the officers? A. No, not in any way; the supper was—the same evening that he came home; but when he came in in the afternoon, I asked him for the money, before the supper; and, about six days afterwards, I was saying I thought it was a very extraordinary thing that Mrs. Brent did not send the money, as she was a lady who never required to be asked a second time—I then went out, and when I returned, the prisoner said there had been a messenger from Mrs. Brent, and she would send the next day—in a day or two afterwards I said I would go there myself—the prisoner then left, and I saw him no more.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure that you asked him for the money the same day as he received it? A. Yes; it was not the next day that I spoke to him about it—I will swear I did not give him authority in any way to do the best he could to prevent ray getting into any dilemma respecting these bottles—they could not get me into any scrape—they might Mr. Basan, I was not in the slightest degree amenable to the Excise.

(Witness for the Defence.)





ROBERT CLANCEY
. I remember the dispute with the officer—I do not know when it was, but we had the tripe supper the same night—I did not have any brandy-and-water—the prisoner was the worse for drink—the officer said, it must be the prisoner or I who had laid the information—he and the prisoner went away together—the prisoner tried to pacify the officer—I had some supper with them—it was tripe—I believe the officer paid for it—the prisoner was there—I cannot tell where it was, but it was Hox-ton way—I cannot tell at what time the prisoner went to bed.

Prisoner. You are aware that Mr. Bowring told us to settle it as well as we could. Witness. No, I cannot say any thing about that—I am only a common working man.
(Joshua Holtham, a trunk-maker; Charles Thomas; and Edward Hollo-way, basket-maker, at Hammersmith, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(See page 654.)
