





1843. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of August
, 12 half-crowns, 30 shillings, 20 sixpences, and three 5l. Bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wilkinson
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I drive the Wantage waggon
 - the prisoner was in my service, and used to assist me in driving, On the 23rd of August I had two purses, containing 20 half-crowns, 20 shillings, 20 sixpences, and three 5l. Bank notes; they were all in a bag in the waggon - he walked away in the night, without saying any thing to me, which gave me suspicion - I got into the waggon, and missed the bag, money,and notes; I spoke to Dunner, the patrol, and he brought the prisoner to me in the course of the night.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DUNNER
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. Smith gave me information, and I found the prisoner near the ten mile-stone on the Staines road; the waggon was going the contrary direction - he said he had not been with the waggon at all, that he had been up the road with four baskets, and was then returning home; I found on him the two purses and the silver - I could not find the notes, and he denied having them; I took him back, and met the prosecutor - I then stripped the prisoner, and he took the three 5l. notes out of his bosom; here are the notes, the bag, and the money.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . This purse is mine, and I believe the notes also.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the notes out of the waggon, told me to walk on, and I should meet him at Colnbrook the next morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
