







356. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     BLACK
                  




               
             were indicted for indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 1 pewter-pot, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sanders
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  STYLES
               



            . I am pot-boy to Mr. Thomas Sanders: he keeps the Rose, at the corner of Wimpole-street
. On the 18th of December I was in Wimpole-street


, in the morning; I put down my pots - I do not know how many I had on my strap; I then went into Mr. Phillip's yard -I saw the two prisoners about, and I had seen them before in the neighbourhood, almost every morning for a week before that; I was gone about three minutes, and when I returned I missed one pot off the rails; I suspected the prisoners; I pursued, and came up with them in Queen Ann-street - they were still in company: I caught hold of Smith, and said, "You have got a pot of mine;" he said,"No, I have not," and Black struck me twice in the eye - the Policeman came up, and took hold of Smith; he denied having the pot, but he took off his hat, and found it - when the officer was taking Smith along he struck me.
Smith. Q. Did not you say a woman told you the pot was taken off the rails? A. I asked a woman if she saw two men, and she said, "Yes, two men went up the street."


                  RICHARD 
                  BOYD
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was coming down Queen Ann-street, and met the pot-poy running after the prisoners, with all his force; he said he was pursuing the men who had stolen a pot of his - I told him to go on; I turned down Little Welbeck-street; before I got round the boy had them by the collar - they were striking him, and using him very badly; I took them, and asked what they had done; they said Nothing, and that I might search them - I searched, and found this pot in Smith's hat; the prisoners were close together.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Smith. Black knows nothing of it; he was not with me.
Black's Defence. I was going to see a friend when the boy collared me - he struck me, and then I struck him.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
BLACK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
