




577. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 and 




JOHN SALE, alias
 Sole,

 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of December, 118 lbs. weight of lead, value 20s., the goods of 



Donald Currie and another, and fixed to a building; against the Statute, &c.






WILLIAM FRENCH
. I am a policeman. On the 27th of December, between two and three o'clock in the morning, I was in Grove-street, Hackney, on my beat—I heard a noise in a house, like the moving of tiles

—I went round to the front door, and found it on the latch—I opened it, and heard somebody rattling about up stairs—the sergeant came by, and gave me a lantern—I went up stairs, and he remained below—as I got on the landing, I was attacked in a most furious manner by a dog—I heard voices calling the dog—I went into the room, at the top of the house, which was three story high, and found a quantity of lead on the floor, and the two prisoners lying down concealed under some old sacks, with their clothes on—the lower part of the house is occupied, but not the upper part—i went down stairs and told the sergeant—we went up stairs, and ordered them to come down—we took them to the station-house, then returned, and in the room found a hole sufficient to admit a man's body through on the roof—the tiles, and lath and plaster, were taken off—they had got on the roof, and into the house that way, as I heard them moving the tiles—I found the gutter had been recently taken up from different parts—the prisoners' clothes were very dirty, just the same as there was on our own clothes, with getting through the hole—their knees and the toes of their shoes were very dirty with dry mortar—the lead belonged to the gutter—it was two whole gutters—there had been three gutters, and one was gone entirely—as the prisoners came from the station-house to Worship-street, Sole said, had he got it away, it would have made a good hiss in the pan, meaning a good fry of beef-steaks, and a pot of beer—the lead fitted the gutters—there was 118 lbs. weight of it.





ROBERT MILTON
. I am a police-sergeant. French spoke to me—everything he has stated is correct—I measured the gutters, and found the lead tallied in all respects.





DONALD CURRIE
. I live in Regent-street. I have the care of this house as an executor—the lower part was occupied, but not the attic—I understand a relation of one of the prisoner's lives in the next house.

Smith's Defence. I was coming home on the 27th and met Sole—I let him go home with me as he said his parents were gone to bed—I went there and laid down, and afterwards heard somebody walking about—they came up stairs, and the dog flew at them—it was not our dog—we called him away—the policeman came and took us—I never saw the lead.

Sole's Defence. I met Smith about half-past eleven o'clock—I was rather intoxicated, and could not get in at my own house, and knowing he had lodged at that house nine months, I asked him to let me sleep with him—he said, Yes, I could make the same shift as he did.

SMITH—GULITY. Aged 23.

SOLE†—


GUILTY
. Aged 21




Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

