



469. 




EDWARD JONES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of January, 1 jacket, value 3s., the goods of 



Jane Jones—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the gods of 
the Overseers of the Poor of the parish of St. Mary, Stoke Newington.






NATHANIEL CROSSLAND
. I am assistant overseer of the poor of St. Mary, Newington. The prisoner is a settled pensioner there—I ordered his mother to procure a suit of clothes for one of my son's who was twelve years old—she brought them to me—I then told her to take them house, and bring the boy down to me on Monday, that I might take him down to Mr. Buttress's manufactory—she returned to me in the afternoon, and said that they were stolen.





SAMUEL JONES
. I am eight years old. I know the nature of an oath I recollect my mother having a new corderoy jacket and trowsers—she put them on the table in the room on the ground floor—our house is in Islington—I saw my brother, the prisoner, there—he saw the clothes—he asked where my mother was gone—I told him she was gone out—he then mended his own jacket, and took the new suit of clothes, and went across the field—he did not bring them back.





JANE JONES
. I am the prisoner's mother. I received directions from Mr. Crossland to get the suit of clothes—I put them on the table, at the end of the bed—I left the last witness in the house, and two more less than him—the clothes were for a little boy of mine, who was going to the mills in Essex—I had not seen the prisoner for two month before, when he came on a Sunday, and said he was going to sea—I went to a pawnbroker's at Islington with the policeman, and found these clothes in my handkerchief, in which I had left them at my house—this is the handkerchief, and I believe these are the clothes.





GEORGE THOMPSON
. I am a journeyman to Mr. Coley, of Norfolk-place, Lower-road, Islington. He is a pawnbroker. I produce a boy's suit of clothes which I took in from the prisoner—I asked him whether they

were his—he said they were his mother's and she had sent him with them—they are worth 4s. 6d.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
