




2017. 




SAMUEL SMITH
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of July 1 sugar-bason, value 2l. 10s.; and 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 2s.; the goods of 



Thomas Evans: and 1 watch; value 15s.; 1 chain, value 6d.; and 1 seal, value 2s.; the goods of 



Adam Alexander Thompson: and 





ROBERT BRIGHT



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—3rd COUNT, for receiving them of an evil disposed person.






THOMAS EVANS
. I live in Great Guildford-street, Southwark. On the 12th of July I went to my house and found a watch was gone from the mantel-piece—it belonged to Adam Alexander Thompson—I saw it safe about twenty minutes previous—I found I had lost a silver sugar-bason and tongs—they were my own—this is the bason and tongs and watch.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How long had you seen these other things before? A. I cannot say, because my partner took the bason out of the cupboard—I had seen them within a day or two—there is no mark whatever on them, but the balls have been marked with a pin—mine had two pin holes—the tongs are not found.





JAMES SAUNDERS
. I was standing opposite the prosecutor's about four o'clock, on the 12th of July, and I saw the prisoner Smith come out with a parcel in his hand in a red handkerchief—he had no shoes on—he met another lad, and the lad he met gave the prisoner his shoes, and took the parcel in the red handkerchief from him.

Smith. If I waited to put on the shoes, why did he not come and catch hold of me?





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I went on the night of the same day, and took Smith near St. George's Church, at twelve o'clock at night—I told him I wanted him for a felony—he made no reply—I took him to the station-house—he was locked up, and I and my brother officer went to Bright's house, and knocked at the door—he and his wife were in bed—I told him I wanted him on suspicion of receiving a watch, sugar-bason, and chain and seals—he said "You must be mistaken, as I know nothing about it"—we searched and found the sugar-bason in a hat-box.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there any one else in the house? A. I believe there were two children—I found the hat-box in the front shop—there were several hat boxes piled up, but no hats in them—this was an open box without a lid—there were others piled on the top of it, and an old flannel petticoat put over the sugar-bason.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 31.) I went to Bright's and found 113 duplicates, and among them was one for this watch, which led me to a pawnbroker, where I found the watch.

Cross-examined. Q. You returned some? A. Yes, because I found they belonged to the prisoner.





THOMAS ROWLEY
. I was in the employ of Mr. Harris of the Minories,

a pawnbroker—I have the watch which was pawned by Bright, on the evening of the 12th of July.
(Property produced and sworn to.) Smith. I know nothing at all about them.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 15—



Confined Two Years; Two Months Solitary.

BRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 22—


Transported for Seven Years.
