





377. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STACEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st February
, 15 cwt. of potatoes, value £3
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard Hoare 
                     Dowling
                  




               
            .
RICHARD HOARE DOWLING. I am a farmer
, and live at Bexley, Kent


, and grow potatoes, which we put in burys - on the 31st of January, we were removing some of them, and next day I missed about three quarters of a ton of them - I went to the hedge, and saw the mark of a small-sized horse's foot, and the track of a very narrow wheel - on the Monday following I went to London, and from information I went to Rosemary-lane; I looked into all the potatoe-shops, and, in one of them, I saw some of my own potatoes, which are different to others - I went on to the police station, and got an officer - I pointed the shop out to him; he went in and took the prisoner, who lives there - the horse and cart were then in the stable there; and, from what I could judge, the wheel of the cart I saw there resembled the wheel which had made the track in my lane - the potatoes were worth about £3; they are of a particular sort - here are a part of what were found in his shop, and these are a part which came from my bury - I have no doubt these potatoes are mine; for the night before I lost them, I had no straw, and I had covered them with pea-haum - I also know them by part of the soil which hangs to them - they grew in a stiff soil.
Cross-examined. Q. Could not the prisoner have washed these potatoes? A. Yes, he sold them in the mould - I never knew potatoes to be covered with pea-haum before - I did not take any from his shop which were not mine; they are not uncommon in our neighbourhood, but they are in the London market, though they are occasionally brought here.
COURT. Q. To the best of your belief, are these your potatoes? A. Yes, I can clear my conscience in saying that they are, from the pea-haum which is about them - the horse I saw at the prisoner's was a chestnut one, with a white streak down his face.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAFTER
               



            . On that morning, the 1st of February, I was coming to town about half-past twelve o'clock in the morning, from Bexley - I met a horse and cart about one mile from the prosecutor's - the cart was then empty, and was going toward the prosecutor's - there was no one in the cart but a person (who, to my firm belief, was the prisoner) was with the horse, and leading him - it was rather dark - I went round at the back of my horse and cart, and let the cart go by me - there was a chesnut horse in the cart - I came on to the half-way house and baited, and the same cart again passed me loaded, very soon after six o'clock; the man was leading the horse by the head - I have been to the prisoner's house, and saw the horse and cart there, which I have sworn to be the same.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you particularly notice the cart on the road? - I noticed it by seeing it twice; I noticed the size and the colour of it; I swore to the magistrate that it was the same to the best of my belief; I swore to the horse, but I did not swear to the man; I said, to the best of my belief it was the prisoner, and the magistrate ordered him to put his round frock on, but I had known him for years; I did not tell the magistrate that; the magistrate asked me if he was the man, and I said, by his height and size, to the best of my belief, he was; I could not see the man's face in the dark, but I was sure in my own mind he was the man; it was not dark at six o'clock, but he was then five or six rods from me; his back was towards me then, but I knew the horse and cart, as I had seen it so often; but I did not tell the magistrate so.
COURT. Q. Have you any doubt that the horse you saw going and coming, was the same you saw in the prisoner's stable? A. No; it was the same, and so was the cart; and from the size and appearance of the man, I have no doubt it was the prisoner.


                  CHARLES 
                  FEATHERSTONE
               



            . I live with Mr. Dowling - I left the bury about six o'clock the night before, I covered it with pea-haum and dirt - the next morning it had been opened, and about three-fourths of a ton of potatoes were gone - I went to Rosemary-lane and saw the potatoes, which I have no doubt were my master's.
Cross-examined. Q. Are there not potatoes of the same description grown in the neighbourhood? A. Yes; and a good many fields have stiff soil in them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKENSON
               



             (police-sergeant H 11). I took the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the cart? A. Yes; it was a smallish cart and smallish horse - I took a small quantity of potatoes away at first by the prosecutor's order; and I took the prisoner - his wife saw what was done - I took him to the magistrate - I afterwards went back to the shop, and took some more potatoes; but I thought they were not the same, and I took them back - his wife said she was ordered not to take them in.

Prisoner's Defence. I buy a great quantity of potatoes - I cannot be answerable for where they grow, nor how they get them - this officer took some potatoes from my shop, which came from Jersey; my wife bought them at Mr. Holly's wharf, in Thames-street, and he came and brought them back, and she would not take them in - does any gentleman here think that a small horse and a small cart could draw 15 cwt. of potatoes?
WILLIAM DICKENSON. It is a light spring-cart - it might carry six or eight sacks - I do not know how much a sack holds.
JURY to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAFTER
               



            . Was the gas lighted? - A. Yes - I did not see the name on the cart.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
