




1945. 




ROBERT WOOLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of September, 1 purse, value 1s.; 10 sovereigns, and 6 shillings, of 




Count John Tyskiewiez, of the Russian Empire.






JOHN TYSKIEWIEZ
. I am a Count of the Russian Empire. On the 2nd of Septemper, about one o'clock in the afternoon, I had a purse, containing ten sovereigns, in my coat pocket—I felt a very slight touch at my pocket, but should not have looked round, but a gentleman behind slapped my shoulder, and said, "There is a man running away with a purse, which he took out of your pocket"—I saw the prisoner turning the corner of Chancery-lane—I called, "Stop thief, "and he was stopped, and the purse was afterwards produced.





EDWARD IRELAND
 I am a butcher. I was in Carcy-street—I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw a neighbour running after the prisoner, calling "Stop thief"—I followed him into Searle's-place, and there he hit a young man (with an instrument)who attempted to stop him, and nearly knocked him down—he then went down Little Shire-lane into Ship-Yard, where he threw the purse into a shop, and in about a minute he was secured—and as the policeman brought him back a woman brought the purse out of the shop, and gave it to the policeman.





THOMAS DILLON
. I am a law-stationer. I was in Scarle's-place, passing towards Carcy-street—I saw several persons run round the corner, and the prisoner in front of them—I attempted to shop him, and he stunned me by a blow on the side of my head with an instrument, which the officer has—It is a life-protecter—It rendered me unable to attend to buisness for some days, for any time together—I was obliged to go to a doctor's immediately—I am certain he is the man.





WILLIAM THOMAS SEXTON
. I am a policeman. I was on duty, and heard the cry "Stop thief"—I pursued the prisoner down into Ship-Yard, where he was stopped, and I immediately took him, and in coming back this purse was given to me by a woman—he was striking every body who came near him with this life-protecter, in a very violent manner.





ANN EVANS
. I live in Ship-yard, Temple-bar. I saw the prisoner throw the purse into my shop—I took it up, and delivered it to the police-man as he returned with the prisoner.
(property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I was going along Fleet-street, and saw a young man chuck down a purse—I immediately picked it up, and went across he way, and was puesued—I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I went along with the mob after the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.*—


Transported for life.
