





326. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CROCKETT
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Edwards
                        




                     
                  , on the 20th of December
, at St. Botolph without, Bishopsgate, and stealing therein an ass, price 15s., his property
            .
JOSEPH EDWARDS. I was left in care of three large houses, in Angel-passage, Skinner-street, Bishopsgate


- I live in the middle one with my family. On the 19th of December I went to bed about ten o'clock; the house was quite safe - I had an ass in the passage, which parts the two houses; it is arched over - there is no yard between that and the house: I was called up about seven o'clock by my daughter, and found ten or twelve feet of the wall cut down to let the ass out, which was taken away; I found it at Waltham-abbey, in about a fortnight- I have seen the prisoner before.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not swear, on the Testament, that you would not hurt me, if I discovered your property? A. Never; he said he knew the party who stole it, that he was very sorry a poor man with eight children should be robbed, and he would take me to where it was; but when he had taken me eight miles, he ran away and left me.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICKETTS
               



            . I live at the Green Man, at Waltham-abbey. My nephew came to my bar to borrow 7s. to pay for an ass; I had no change, and he borrowed it; I not not see the ass till next morning, and did not see the prisoner - I gave my nephew the run of my field.


                  JOHN 
                  SEARS
               



            . Ricketts is my uncle - I am fifteen years old. I bought the ass of the prisoner for 7s., which I borrowed at the Sun last Tuesday fortnight, at Waltham-abbey - he was alone, and asked 14s. for it; I am sure he is the man; Edwards claimed it afterwards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I am a constable of Bishopsgate. -I took the prisoner at Edwards' house on this charge; the ass was produced at the examination, and the prisoner saw it.
Prisoner. I have no doubt the Jury will find me guilty - if I had done murder I could not have been more tormented in my mind, and knowing the man had a large family I determined to go and tell him where it was- if I had had 7s. I would have got it back; I went to his house last Friday, and told him all about it, and said if he did not mind losing a day's work I would go and shew him where it was - I took him, and shewed him the Green Man - he said, "Don't come in, I will go in and ask if they sell donkies - you go about your business;" I went home, glad that he would recover it; when hegot home he sent his servant for gin, and gave me in charge - I do not get my living by thieving, or I should not convict myself, which I have done.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
