



1868. 





WILLIAM COCHRANE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
24th of June, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1£20 note, and 1£10 note; the goods and property of 



Louisa Elizabeth Domville, in the dwelling-house of Sir 



Compton Domville, baronet.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
JERNINGHAM
conducted the Prosecution.

Miss LOUISA ELIZABETH DOMVILLE. I reside with my father and mother, at No. 10, Grosvenor-square. About two months ago, I missed a purse, containing some Bank notes, from a writing-desk—the prisoner resided with the family as under butler—this is the purse I lost—it contained 40l. in Bank notes—I made inquiries, but heard nothing about it—it is my own property.





CHARLES DEWING
. I am a police inspector. I know Grosvenor-square is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—I went there to the house of Sir Compton Domville, on the 27th of last month—I saw the prisoner, and I asked him to, show me his bedroom, which he did—he unlocked a cupboard

and took from it a clock-case—he took a key from hit pocket and unlocked the case—upon his unlocking it, I observed a snuff-box—he seized hold of the snuff-box—I took hold of his hand—he said, "This is my property"—I took it—it contained a£20 note, six sovereigns, two half-crowns, and one fourpenny-piece—upon opening the note, I said, "I suppose this is the£20 Bank note which was stolen"—he said, "No, it is not; it is mine"—I searched his person—I found 3s. 6d. in silver on him, and some copper to the amount of 1s. 1 1/2 d.—there was a silver watch and guard-chain in the portmanteau, which he opened—there was a roll of what he called Irish linen, a shawl, and this green silk purse, which I now produce—I told him I was about to ask him a question; he was at liberty to answer me or not—he said, I shall answer the truth; I shall tell no lies; I did take the money; that is the£20 note; the£10 note I changed at a public-house in the neighbourhood of Piccadilly; the two£5 notes I don't know where I changed"—he said he took them from Miss Louisa Domville's writing-desk.





MISS LOUISA ELIZABETH DOMVILLE
. This is the purse I lost—my father is Sir Charles Domville—he is a baronet—I live with him at his dwelling-house in Grosvenor-square—this is my own property.

Prisoner. The watch was my own property.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.
