



1146. 




SARAH POTTER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
14th of April, 1 bag, value 1d.; 17 sovereigns; 28 shillings; and 1 sixpence; the goods and monies of 



John Allum.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods and monies of 



John Harvey.






JOHN ALLUM
. I am a labourer, and live with my matter at Waltham Cross, Cheshunt; his name is John Harvey, he is a farmer. On the 14th of April, I brought two loads of hay to town, to Mr. Sweeden, the salesman, who gave me a note to go to a gin-shop to receive 18l. 15s. 8d., on my master's account—I went and received the money—there were 17 sovereigns, and 28s. 6d. in silver—I put it in my purse, all but two shillings, and put the purse into my right-hand trowters pocket—it was between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—I fell in with the prisoner at the Angel, in White-chapel—I had neverseen her before—I went to try and change some halfpence away for silver, and the prisoner offered me a glass of gin; I drank it—I tossed for four pies, and lost 6d.—I gave the prisoner one pie, and another woman who was with her, and a strange man one, and eat one myself—I was then going to drive home; and on going up Brick-lane, I saw the prisoner on the path, about two-hundred yards from the public-house—she said nothing till I got near the Frying-pan, in Brick-lane—I stopped there, and called for a pint of beer—the prisoner asked what I was going to give her to drink;

I said, "some beer"—the offier woman was with her then—I drank some, and gave her the pot to drink, and she gave it to the other woman—I palled 2d. out to pay for it—the prisoner put her hand into my pocket, and drew my purse out—I felt her hand in my pocket, and saw the purse in her hand—I struggled, and as soon as she, turned round, I caught hold of her, and never let her go till the policeman took her—she passed the purse between her legs to three or four more, who received it, and ran up an alley—I saw them run away with it—I hallooed out for assistance, and the policeman came up—I never got my money—I am sure she is the woman, for I never let her go—she tried all she could to get away.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What kind of a purse was it? A. Brown Holland; rather large—I had been drinking for about five minutes; all I had was one glass of gin—the women overtook me again—I stopped my horse at the door—I was not waiting for them—I did not see them till I stopped my horse—we all went into the house—I did not receive the money at the Angel, but at the gin-shop—I felt her hand in my pocket at the Angel—I made no proposals to the prisoner—I felt her hand in my pocket, and laid hold of her directly—the took it out, and she dragged me out at the door—I was close to her all the while till the policeman took her.

COURT. Q. How many women were there at die time? A. Three or four.





MARY ANN VANDASTEEN
. I keep the Frying-pan, in Brick-lane. The prosecutor came in and had a pint of porter—I saw the prisoner go out at the door with the purse in her hand—I saw another woman there.





ESTHER DURANS
. I am the daughter of the last witness. I was in the bar—the prisoner and prosecutor were there—I saw the purse in the prosecutor's pocket, and saw the prisoner take it out of his pocket—I do not know what she did with it.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw it in the man's pocket? A. I did The strings of it hung out, and so did part of the bag—the proeecutor was standing up—the prisoner was by the side of him—he made a resistance—I do not recollect whether I called out or not—I do not know what she did with it—I took no further notice—I was frightened.





WILLIAM ROWLAND
. I am a policeman. I beard the alarm—I found the prisoner in the prosecutor's custody—he said, "I have taken this woman into custody for robbing me."




GUILTY
.* Aged 29.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
