



2523. 




WILLIAM MARTIN
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of August, 8 bushels of a certain mixture, consisting of oats and chaff, value 25s., the goods of 



John Nelson, his master.


MESSRS, CLARKSON
and
ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES HAXELL
. I am nephew of John Nelson, who keeps the Bull Inn,

at Aldgate. The prisoner was in his service in August last—he was employed to drive a van, with horse provender, to different stables, for our horses—on Sunday morning, the 18th of August, a van was loaded with thirty-two sacks of mixed oats and chaff, and one sack of bran—they were to be delivered at Staines—I counted the sacks myself on the Sunday night—the van was covered with a tarpaulin, which was tied down behind, before, and on both sides—it was left in our yard, in care of the private watchman—the next morning I went in the direction of Staines, and saw the van stopping at the Coach and Horses public-house, at Turnham Green-the prisoner was the driver—he did not see me—I stopped opposite where the van stood, in a market-garden, but I did not see anything done—I was away at the time from an accident—when I came back I saw the van again, and the fore-part of the tarpaulin was untied and turned back—the van then went on, and when it got just through Bedfont, the prisoner stopped the van in the road, undid the tilt again, and appeared to be doing something to the sacks—then he walked round and tied the tarpaulin again—I was about 200 yards from him, but he was not in a situation to see me—I followed the van on to Staines, and he went into the private yard of Mr. Nelson—John Turner is the horse-keeper there—the van was placed in front of the stable which the loft is over—the tarpaulin was then tied completely all round the van—it was then unloaded—the prisoner got into the van, gave the sacks out, and Turner carried them to the loft—the prisoner gave out first a sack of bran, then seventeen sacks of the oats and chaff, one after another—the contents were shot out, and the empty sacks left at my feet—at that time the horn of the Defiance coach blew, and Turner went out to get the fresh horses for it—I then counted the sacks, and there were seventeen—I locked the loft, and put the key into my pocket—I went to the coach to inspect the way-bill—the prisoner and a boy who was there came to the coach to assist—they went down the yard again—I followed them—the prisoner then got on the front of the van, and took out two empty sacks, gave them to the boy, and told him to take them up, and put them with the other empty sacks; and I thought the prisoner said, "The governor is down, we shall get in a mess"—the boy could not get into the loft, as I had the key, and he came back—I ran, and caught him with the sacks—he began to cry, and said, "Mr. Martin gave them to me"—the prisoner heard that, and said he knew nothing about it—I said I could tell him all about it; that he had left two sacks at Turnham Green, and we had suspected, him some time—he began to cry, and said he never did so before—he begged and prayed of me to forgive him, and said he should hang himself or drown himself—I said I would speak to my uncle, but it was impossible he should stop in our employ—he said he did not do it, it was Jacob—I counted the sacks which were then in the van, and there were only thirteen—I told him to go home as fast as he could by the way of Oxford-street and I would go back to Turnham Green, and have the ostler taken up—when I had gone back about a mile with the prisoner, he blustered at me, and said he would have me before my betters for taking his character away—I then gave him into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. I believe he has lived with your uncle for sixteen years? A. I believe so—he has been as long as I can remember—I saw the van with the corn in it, on Sunday night, about half-past ten o'clock—I counted every sack—the gates of the yard were shut

at ten o'clock at night, and opened at five o'clock in the morning, when the prisoner came.





THOMAS WARNER
. I am private watchman to Mr. Nelson, of the Bull lnn. On the Sunday night in question the van was in the yard, covered over with a tarpaulin, which was tied with cords—I was there on duty from eight o'clock in the evening till five o'clock in the morning, when the prisoner came, and took the van—no one had been near it till he came—nothing could have been taken out of it.

Prisoner's Defence. I have always taken the regular complement of corn down to Staines—we always stopped to breakfast at Turnham Green—I never had the conscience to do such a thing—what Mr. Haxell has said is very false—he had his brother-in-law in the public-house, sitting at the tap-room window—I did not take two empty sacks off—one sack went down by the Defiance, full of corn, and the empty sack was lying at the stable-door, which Turner could prove.





JOHN TURNER
. I am horse-keeper to Mr. Nelson, at Staines. I remember Mr. Haxell coming down to the stable—I took a bran-sack off the van, and shot it, and laid it against the door—there was an empty sack there which had come down by the Defiance—I cannot undertake to say that thirty-two sacks came down by the van—I was alarmed.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the sack that came down by the Defiance rolled up, and tied up, and lying by the door? A. Yes—it was not loose.




GUILTY. Aged 36.—Recommended to mercy.
—


Transported for Seven Years.
