



704. 




JOHN CLARKE
 was indicted

for feloniously forging, on the 
9th of February, a request for the delivery of 2 pieces of silk, called ducape and 12 yards of cassimere, with intent to defraud 



James Coster and other; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM BRETT
. I am assistant to Messrs. James and Thomas Costa and another, of Alderman bury. On the 9th of February I received this order from a boy of the name of Benjamin—(read)
"Sir,—Please to send me to pieces black ducape, same as the last, and 12yds. best black Doubled Milled Kerseymere.
T. JOHNSON."
We deal with a person named Johnson—he lives in the Hackney-road—I gave Benjamin one piece of the stuff.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is there any thing particular about black kerseymere? A. No—ducape is a stout quality of silk.





HENRY BENJAMIN
. I live at No. 6, Bache's-row, Charles-square Hoxton. I received this order from the prisoner—I was walking along Shoreditch, and he asked me if I "would earn 6d.; and he would treat me to the Standard theatre if I would go and take this note to Mr. Coster: and he told me he was young Mr. Johnson—I took it, and they gave me the stuff, and a gentleman gave me into custody—I am sure the prisoner is the man who gave it me—there was another one with him.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was he when you went in with the order! A. Standing by the corner of Aldermanbury—I did not see him after wards, as I was taken into custody—I first met him at the Standard theatre, in Shoreditch, as I was going home—I did not say "Why cant You take it yourself?"—he said he had to go somewhere else, and that they would take it from the bottom of the counter, and count it over, and I must watch them—my father is an old-clothes man—I am sixteen years old.





ROBERT THOMAS JOHNSON
. I live in. Broughton-place, Hackney-road. This order is not my writing—I never authorised any body to write it.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you sign your orders? A. "R. T. Johnson. "I have seldom signed orders myself, but in general my brother has—I have sent orders there—this is not at all like my writing—I never sent to them for kerseymere.





JAMES SNOWDEN
. I am brother-in-law to Mr. Johnson, and manage the business. This order is not the writing of any body in our house, nor is it mine.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you signed requests to Coster and co in. You are brother-in-law's name? A. Yes; but I generally sign my own name.






JOSEPH MARSHALL
 (police-constable N 259.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction of felony—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Fourteen Year.
