



1988. 




WILLIAM LANE
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Kyle, the elder, on the 
19th of April, at 
St. Giles's, Camberwell, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 7s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 3s.; and 3 gowns, value 20s.; his goods.






MARY KYLE
. I am the wife of John Kyle, and live at Surrey canal bridge. I left my house at half-past six o'clock in the morning of the 19th of April, leaving my son at home—I heard of the robbery at four

o'clock in the afternoon—I returned about nine o'clock, and found my son at home—I saw my box, which I had left secure when I went out—it was not locked—I had left the articles stated in the indictment in it—they were gone—I found them at the station-house that evening—these are the things—I do not know the prisoner—I lost a blackbird at the same time.





JOHN KYLE, JUN
. On the 19th of April my mother went out and left me at home—I went out between seven and eight o'clock in the morning—I locked the street door, and put the key in my pocket—the window was shut—my mother's box was just as it used to be—I returned at four o'clock in the afternoon—I found the window wide open, the flower-pots down on the ground, and the table away from the window where it had been—I got in at the window, and went up stairs, and saw the box open, and all the things about the room—the bed was pulled to pieces, my mother's bonnet-box down, and my father's hat-box—the prisoner was a stranger.





JOHN LEDGER
 (police-constable R 130.) I was on duty between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, on the 19th of April—I fell in with the prisoner in company with another sweep on the canal bridge—the prisoner had got the sack and the machine in his hand—they were standing near the bridge, I was going towards the Green Man public-house—I returned, and saw them on the other side of the way—I suspected there was something in the tack that was not soot, as they laid so light—they saw me, and went down Peckham-lane, walking at the rate of better than four miles an hour—I walked as fast as I could till they came to the canal bridge public-house—there I lost sight of them—I ran, and got sight of them again—they turned another street, and I lost sight of them—I again saw them—the prisoner was about to run, and I stopped him, and found this property in the sack which he dropped—I asked what he had got in it—he said, "Nothing"—I took him to the station-house—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Giles, Camberwell.

Prisoner. Q. Did I run—did you not say if I offered to run you bad something in your pocket that would stop me? A. You ran about two yards.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the sweep—he had something in a cloth—I went down a turning, and he said, when I came up, "I have shot a load of soot in your sack"—I did not know what it was—I took it up, and was going on, but was taken.





JOHN LEDGER

re-examined. If I had had any body to help me I could have taken the other one, who let the blackbird go, which they stole from the prosecutor's.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.
