





2419. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GARDNER
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 11th of August
, did forge a certain request for the delivery of goods
            , which said forged request for the delivery of goods was as follows - that is to say:
GENTLEMEN, - Please to send by bearer, two reams of demy, at 20s., for Messrs. Cunningham and Salmon.
August 11, 1832. with intent to defraud 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hodge
                  




               
             and others; against the Statute, &c.
SECOND COUNT, for uttering the same.
THREE OTHER COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud other persons.
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  BLUNT
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Hodge and Co., stationer
s. The prisoner came to their shop on the 11th of August, and produced this order; I gave him two reams of paper, worth about 36s., and he went away with them.
COURT. Q. Why did you give him the paper? A. He produced an order, which purported to come from Messrs. Cunningham and Salmon - I believed it to be genuine and good; he said nothing.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWNING
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned these two reams of paper with me on the 11th of August.


                  MORRIS 
                  SALMON
               



            . I am one of the firm of Salmon, Cunningham, and Co. The prisoner lived in our employ as porter
, and left us in July last - I did not send this order to the prosecutors', nor give any direction; I have no doubt this is forged.


                  JOHN 
                  CUNNINGHAM
               



            . I am in partnership with Mr. Salmon - we are printers. This order is not in my writing; I know nothing of it - there is no other partner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
