





2060. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHARPE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, 1 knife, value 4d.; 1 key, value 6d.; 1 tobacco-stopper, value 1d.; 1 sixpence, 4 pennies, and 6 halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Roper
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  ROPER
               



            . I live in Holborn. On Sunday, the 12th of August, I was returning home from Notting-hill, about four o'clock in the morning - I was taken is a fainting fit, and fell down about half a mile from Hyde-park corner; when I recovered I felt for my money, and missed the articles stated - Peter Hussey came to me, and I told him.


                  PETER 
                  HUSSEY
               



            . I live in Ivory's-buildings, and am a coach painter. I was in the road, and saw the prosecutor in the kennel - I saw the prisoner and another man come up to him - one of them went up to him and the other stood in the centre of the road - I saw the prosecutor's pocket turned inside out; the prisoner and his companion ran off; I pursued them to the Edgware-road, and the officer took the prisoner.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVIS
               



             (Police-constable T 132). I stopped the prisoner, and found on him a silver sixpence, 1d., a knife, key, and a tobacco-stopper; the other was not detained.
Prisoner's Defence. I had no place to go to; I had been into the park, and laid down till four o'clock - I got over the wall, and saw this man asleep in a kennel - I went to awake him; I did not disturb him - I sang out Halloo! I saw his pocket turned out, and these things by the side of it, and I took them up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
