






291. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ALEXANDER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARSONS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of December
, 12 lbs. weight of beef, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gallop
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GALLOP
               



            . I live in Old Rochester-row, St. John the Evangelist, Westminster


, and am a butcher
. On the 28th of December I lost a piece of beef, a little after four o'clock in the evening - it weighed 12 lbs.; it was a very large and good ox.


                  ROBERT 
                  GROVES
               



            . I live in Rochester-row. On the 28th of December, about four o'clock, I was in the row, and saw both the prisoners next door to the prosecutor's shop - they were talking together; Alexander had an apron on, which he took off himself and put on Parsons -Alexander then took some beef off the prosecutor's bench, and gave it to Parsons, who put it into the apron, and they both ran away; I knew them before, by living in the neighbourhood - there was a third boy with them, who got away.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the two prisoners on Wednesday morning, the 29th of December - I found the apron on Alexander.
ROBERT GROVES. This is such an apron as he had on that day.
Alexander's Defence. I was with Parsons, who keeps pigeons - we went and got some straw, and just by this shop he asked me to lend him my apron; I lent it to him, and Groves instantly went in, as I suppose, and said I took a piece of beef from the shop.
Parsons' Defence. I can say the same.
ALEXANDER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
PARSONS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
