





Third London Jury. - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1000. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 21st of February
, of a certain evil disposed person, 1 skeleton clock, value 19l.; 5 other clocks, value 53l.; 4 time pieces, value 30l.; 1 barometer, value 25s.; 1 watch, value 30s., and 2 sacks, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Leplastrier
                        




                     
                   and another, he well-knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. ISAAC LEPLASTRIER. I am in partner
ship with my son; this property was at our shop in Cheapside, at the corner of Old' Change - I and my son left the shop together about nine o'clock on Saturday night the 20th of February, the door was shut immediately - I have a porter constantly living and sleeping in a room adjoining the shop; the property was all safe then - I received a message from the porter between ten and eleven o'clock on Sunday night; I went to the shop and found it broken open, and property amounting to above 100l. taken, consisting of clocks of different descriptions, none of which has been recovered; the shop had been entered by means of a side door in the passage - they had got in at No. 49, Old'Change; picked the look in a passage, and got round into our shop: my shop is No. 11, Cheapside, and No. 49, Old'Change.


                  ANN 
                  PETTERIN FLOCKTON
               



            . On the Sunday in question between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw some men come up Old'Change, arm-in-arm one was dressed in a light drab coat, he was a stiff upright man: the other was dressed in a blue coat - I saw the one in a light drab coat take a key out of his right hand pocket, and saw them open the door of No. 49, Old 'Change; they both walked in together into the house - I was called by the servant at a stationer's shop opposite, and might be there twenty minutes or a quarter of an hour; and when I came out, I saw a backney-coach standing at the door of No. 49, the coach was No. 44; I cannot read, but know figures very well - there were two 4's on the coach, the coachman held the door open; I saw the man in a blue coat that went in come out, and jump into the coach - then the man in the light coat, brought out a large blue bag as full as it could hold, it was more than he could lift; they put it into the coach; the coachman was at the door all the time - the man who brought out the bag locked the door; put the key into the same pocket as he took it out of, and then got into the coach, the coachman shut the door; they came right up Old 'Change, and turned round by St. Paul's; I saw the coachman as plain as possible - and swear positively that the prisoner is that man - he drove towards me, and no other coaches were coming by; the place was quite clear.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What are you? A. A poor woman - I sweep the street; I mentioned this the day after the robbery, and gave the number of the coach; I do not make a practice of looking at the numbers of coaches - it was a wet day; I do not remember the number of any other coach I saw that day - I was standing on the opposite side - the coach came right facing me and turned round; I saw the prisoner holding the coach door - I saw the number when the coach turned round; it did not go very quick till it turned the corner - the middle part of the number shone like glass - it was a coach; (looking at two figures) that was not the number - that is 27; it did not rain very hard - I saw nobody else near the coach.
COURT. Q. There are not many coaches about on Sundays in that part of the town? A. The stand is just by - there is hardly any traffic on Sundays.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HOSKINGS
               



            . I am a servant. On Sunday, the 21st of February, I lived at No. 48, Old 'Change, and saw a hackney-coach draw up to No. 49, about three o'clock - the prisoner is the coachman
; I am quite certain.
Cross-examined. Q. What coloured coat had he? A. I do not know - his hat was covered with oil skin; I had never seen him before.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am the prosecutor's porter, and slept there on Saturday, the 20th of February - I went to master's house on Sunday morning, at ten o'clock; returned about half-past eleven at night, and on enteringthe door in Cheapside by the key, I found a great deal of property taken - I had locked every thing up secure.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  LEACH
               



            . I was horse-keeper to Mr. Welch, a hackney-coach master in Horseferry-road - he has seven pairs of plates; No. 44 is one pair. On Sunday, the 21st of February, the prisoner drove No. 44 - I remember his going out about half-past seven o'clock in the morning with the coach, but I cannot say whether he drove it; he took it out, and had driven it for three or four days - he ought to have returned at five o'clock in the morning with the coach, but I cannot say whether he drove it; he took it out, and had driven it for three or four days - he ought to have returned at five o'clock in the evening; I cannot say at what time he came, as I was not in the yard.
Cross-examined. Q. He would come home at all hours - just as his fare required? A. Yes; I have known him five or six months - he is honest as far as I know; he wore a shiney hat - it was not oil skin, but looked like it.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. I heard of this robbery on Monday morning, the 22nd of February - I went to Horseferry-road, and finding the prisoner drove No. 44 I went to his house, which is about fifty yards from Walsh's, in Horseferry-road, but did not see him; on Monday, the 1st of March, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I saw him going into the Mansion-house gate - I had gone frequently to where I was directed, but could not find him.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he not going into the Mansion-house to surrender himself? A. That I cannot answer - he was going in with Herdsfield.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner wrote a letter to my brother to meet him - I went with my brother, and met him by appointment and took him; he surrendered to us.
Prisoner's Defence. I surrendered - the female witness says she was in the house a quarter of an hour, and was in Cheapside when she saw me drive the coach - I do not recollect having been there at all; I am called on at a non plus, or else I could prove to the best of my knowledge I was in the Waterloo-road, and saw some fruitwomen taken to the watch-house for exposing fruit for sale - here is the hat I wore that day, and I had a boxcoat with six capes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
