



2020. 




GEORGE BAILEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of September, 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; end 1 waistcoat, value 6s.; the goods of 



Thomas Brown: and I tooth-pick, value 8d., the goods of 



James Brown.






THOMAS BROWN
. I am a saddler. I missed a pair of boots and a waistcoat on the 6th of Semtember, from my bed-room—I have seen the boots since—they are mine, and the waistcoat is mine—this is it.





JAMES BROWN
. I lost a silver tooth-pick about two months before the prisoner was apprehended—this is it.





GEORGE JONES
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Mr. Flemming's Farringdon-street. I have these boots—they were pawned the 5th of September, in the name of Brown—our foreman took them in—he is not here—he could not tell who pawned them.





WILLIAM LIVERMORE
. I produce a waistcoat pawned at Mr. Cockle's in Shoe-lane, on Monday the 7th of September, in the name of John Jones—I cannot say whether the prisoner was the man.





JOSEPH BROWN
. I took in this tooth-pick of the prisoner, I believe for 4d., but, being a busy day, I could not swear to him.





MARY BEADLE
. I heard a noise in the prosecutor's room on Tuesday evening the 8th of September at dusk, I ran out and screamed—several persons and the policeman acme in, and on going up stairs the prisoner made his escape from the room into own—his brother lodged in the

next room—that door was locked—he got in with his own key, I suppose—he was locked in.

Prisoner. Q. How did you know it was me? A. There was no other man in the house, and no one could make their escape; there was no one in the house but me and another female, and two or three children; the street door was not opened till I opened it.

COURT. Q. Did you see who the man was? A. I lifted up the bed quilt and saw a man under the bed, I than ran into the street, and some men came in—I do not know who, but I went up stairs first; the men followed me—there was no one there—we then went into the prisoner's bed room, which was opposite mine—and there he was on the bed apparently asleep—I can swear it was a man.





WILLIAM GARRARD
 (police-constable G 169.) I went to No. 25, Ironmonger-street, and took the prisoner—and in his hat, under the lining, I found the duplicates of this property.





GEORGE JONES
. This duplicate corresponds with mine.





WILLIAM LIVERMORE
. This duplicate corresponds with mine.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—

Tranported for Seven Years.

