






270. 




HENRY CHIVERS,



 THOMAS FULLER,



 JOHN MAHONEY
, and 




WILLIAM COOK
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of December, 1 tea-chest, value 2s.; and 35lbs. weight of tea, value 8l. 10s.; the goods of 



James Shankey, and another.






JAMES SHANKEY
. I live in Houndsditch, and deal in tea and all kinds of East India goods—I live one partner. I assisted my carman, on the 12th of December, in placing in his cart two chests of tea from my own premises—it was one chest divided into two—there was a box of tea, matted and corded, which contained 35lbs. nett, worth 8l. 15s.—they were all sent off by the carman at the same time, directed to go by one of the Brighton vans to Worthing—the carman came back in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, very much agitated—I went out to give information to the policeman, and when I got to the watch-house at Bishopsgate, they had got the box, with the King's number on it—it was the same I had put into the cart with my man.






DANIEL PAMPLETT
. I am a patrol of Bishopsgate. I was standing at my door. No. 83, Houndsditch, on the evening of the 12th of December, about five minutes before five o'clock, and saw the four prisoner following a cart with the tail-board—they were on the pavement—they passed close by me—I immediately followed the cart and went to the watch-house for assistance—I then went to Wormwood-street after the cart—I overtook it, and found one of the chests gone, and the prisoners still following it, but I missed Chivers—before I came to the cart a second time I saw them all turn the corner of the street together—I had seen Chivers not half a minute before—they were so following it, that the act of one must have been seen by the other three—I seized Mahoney first and gave him to Darlington, and then I seized Cook—Fuller was on the other side—I said to a gentleman, "There is another one, stop him, Sir, if you please, "—he up with his umbrella and tried to stop him, but he ran and got as far as Houndsditch before he was stopped—I was not present when he was taken.

Mahoney. Q. Which side of the way was I in Houndsditch? Witness. On the right—one after the other.

Mahoney. We were on the left hand side. What was I doing where you took me? Witness. Standing still—you were on the right hand coming from Whitechapel—I live four doors from Bishopsgate-street, and they passed by my door—I had my police coat in my hand, and was going on duty—Cook was on the right, and was the hindmost of the party.

Cook. I was coming down on the right hand, and no person was before me—who was behind I cannot say—I had been at work at the Cross Keys, and had left work a quarter before five o'clock—I was walking down the street when I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and I was standing close by him on the pavement. Witness. It wanted a quarter to five o'clock when they passed my house, and they were all in the watch-house before the clock struck five.





FREDERICK HARRIS
. I live in Bartholomew-close, and am No. 3, serjeant of the City Police. On the 12th of December I was at the corner of Wormwood-street about five o'clock—I stood there half a minute, and saw the prisoner Chivers about thirty yards down Wormwood-street, on the left hand side—he was coming up running, with this package on his back, towards Bishopsgate-street from Broad-street—I considered something was wrong—I crossed the road, and held up both my hands to stop him—he threw the chest or package at my feet—I collared him, and seized the chest by the cord—in the mean time one of the patrols of Broad-street camp up, and I dragged the prisoner across the road towards the watch-house—in getting across he tripped me up, and I fell right on my back, dragging him with me—he fell on me—I still had hold of the package—I was down, I suppose, half a minute, and considering that there was an officer by me and he would be taken, as there were twenty people round him, I let him go, as I was almost exhausted—the people opened an avenue for him and let him go—I got up as well as I could—I hallooed "Stop thief, stop him, "and Oliver, another officer, who was on his post, took him—I took the chest to the watch-house—I lost my hat and he his—he got his, but I did not—I entered the charge—they all denied any knowledge of each other at the watch-house—they were taken to the lock-up place, and in five minutes I went down quietly to ascertain whether they were connected with each other or not, and they were all four singing a flash song, something about "Across the seas"—I waited some short time, and one of the party

said, "I am safe—I shall be lagged"—one of the others made answer, "How shall we got on?"—the answer was, "I don't know, but if one gets off all will got off, if one goes you will all go"—a voice said, "I saw you was on the cart, and I gave you a shove at the corner, but you did not take notice of it."

Chivers. Q. Why did you not take me before I threw it down? A.. You had it on your right shoulder—I ran across and you threw it down—I met you full butt, and you threw it at me.





WILLIAM OLIVER
 (City-constable 51.) I was on duty in Camomile-street on the 12th of December—I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw Chivers—I attempted to stop him—he gave me a violent blow on the chest, which deterred me from taking him at the moment—I followed him about ten yards and succeeded in securing him—I took him immediately to the station-house.

Chivers. Q. Was I running or walking? A. Running—I was standing in the dark at Mr. Shepherd's Van-office, as there were some small parcels about—I saw him running and stopped him.





WILLIAM BEAMAN
 (City police-constable No. 75.) I saw some one pursuing the prisoner Fuller in Bishopsgate-street—he ran down Houndsditch—I ran and secured him.

Fuller. Q. Did I not stop and return back from the Quakers' chapel, and the gentleman said, "This is the man?" A. You were running as fast as you could, when you were pursued by the gentleman, with the umbrella, from Wormwood-street.





EDWARD KIRBY DARLINGTON
 (City police-constable 11.) On the evening of the 12th of December I was on duty in Bishopsgate-street—a few minutes before five o'clock Pamplett called me—I went with him to Wormwood-street, London-wall—I saw Cook and Mahoney coming from the cart, about thirty or forty yards off—I took Mahoney into custody—Pamplett had just touched him, and said, "This is one," and then he took Cook.

Cook. Q. Which side of the way was I walking? Witness. A. On the right-hand side, and Mahoney too.

Mahoney. Q. Was I walking? A. Walking very slow—not so fast as the other, and nearer the top of the street.

Cook to
DANIEL PAMPLETT. Q. Did you not say that I and Mahoney were running away from the tail of the cart? A. Yes, I say so now—Darlington did not know them till I pointed them out.

Chivers' Defence. I had been down to the water side—I happened to stop at the corner of Bishopsgate-street, and was seized hold of, I asked what it was for—he resisted me, and I resisted him, and threw him on the ground—I got from him, and was taken.

Fuller's Defence. I was coming from Old Bermondsey, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I was running, and the officer took me.

Mahoney's Defence.. I was coming to get a hod and shovel—the witness tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "Here is one of them"—I asked what it was for, and he would not tell me—I know nothing of the other prisoners.

Cook's Defence. I left work at the Cross Keys at a quarter to five o'clock to go and see a young man, and coming down Houndsditch I was on the same side as the officer says—I went down Wormwood-street, and the officer took me to the watch-house—I did not know what it was for till an hour afterwards.






DANIEL PAMPLETT

re-examined. The prisoners were following the cart, on the pavement—when I got down to the cart, Cook and Mahoney were in the road, but there was no cry of "Stop thief" till I took them—there was one box gone, and these two were in the middle of the road, following the tail of the cart—they were on the pavement in Houndsditch, but following the cart which was close to the pavement—when I got assistant Cook and Mahoney were in the road, and Fuller on the foot-path—they appeared to be coming from the cart—I saw enough of them in Houndsditch to know that they were the same, because I knew Cook well before.

Mahoney. I was on the foot-path when they came and took me Witness. He was on the carriage-way—the cry of "Stop thief" had not been raised then, but I saw Fuller on the pavement—he ran away, and I cried, "Stop thief"—when I saw them in Wormwood-street they were all coming towards Bishopsgate-street—Fuller was then standing still by the Ship public-house—I did not see him run till I said, "That is another," and the gentleman struck at him—I know Fuller was one that came up Houndsditch.

JURY. Q. Did you see them speak together, or any thing by which you knew they were connected? A. No—they were close together, one after another—I knew Cook, and I had seen the others about, as persons I did not like—they were in single file—Fuller was about six yards from the others when I saw the two in the road.

CHIVERS—


GUILTY
 Aged 21.

FULLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

MAHONEY—


GUILTY
.* Aged 18.

COOK—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.






Transported for Seven Years.
