




2399. 




JOHN OWEN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of October, 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s., the goods of 



Robert Debenham, and another.






JOHN WICKS
. I am a porter, and live in New-street, Union-street, Lambeth. I am employed at Debenham and Storr's auction-rooms, in King-street, Covent-garden—on Monday, the 15th of October, I saw a pair of trowsers safe on a peg in the room—there was a ticket to them—I missed them about half-past twelve o'clock, when the prisoner was brought back with them—I delivered them to the constable—they are worth ten shillings.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What is Mr. Debenham's name? A. Robert; he has one partner—these trowsers were placed in the rooms for the purpose of being examined previous to sale, from nine to five o'clock—I saw no Jew selling trowsers there.





JAMES ADAMS
. I live in Holland-street, Wardour-street, and am a picture-dealer. On the 15th of October I was going into Messrs. Debenham's auction-rooms about ten minutes after twelve o'clock, I met the prisoner coming out in a great hurry, with his handa to his breast—I followed him—he went into a pawnbroker's shop, at the corner of Princes-street—I saw him unbutton his coat, and take the trowsers out, which had the ticket on—I stepped into the passage, and collared him—he dropped them, and I took them up—I asked him where he got them—he taid he bought them—he wanted me to let him go, as he had a wife and family—I took him back to the room, and left him in charge of Wicks oil I got an officer.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is your shop? A. I have not got one—I deal in any thing I can get a living by—there are. often pictures to be sold at Mr. Debenham's—I did not take the trouble to see by the catalogue before I went in, whether there were any to sell that day—I went in by chance to see if there was any thing there in my way—I went expressly to the place—I came from home to go there—I had not got into the rooms when I met the prisoner coming out—I have known the room about ten years—I go there to look after my own business—I did not go back again, because they made me go to the police-office.

COURT. Q. Did you know the prisoner by sight before? A. Yes; he had been pointed out to me in another room, before he stole the trowsers.





WILLIAM BOON MAY
 (police-constable F 63.) I live at the station in Bow-street. I was fetched to Debenham's auction-rooms, where the prisoner was given into my custody—I produce the trowsers—I only found a knife on him.
(MR. CLARKSON, on the prisoner's behalf, stated that he had bought the trowsers of a Jew in the room.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
