







OLD COURT. WEDNESDAY, JULY 11.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice 
               
                  James 
                  Parke
               



            .
1650. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     POTTER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     POTTER
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HILL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, 2 bedsteads, value 15s.; 1 feather bed, value 3l.; 1 bolster, value 2s.; 2 paliasses, value 1l.; 1 counterpane, value 1s.; 1 table, value 40s.; 22 chairs, value 3l.; 1 clock, value 5s.; 2 wash-hand stands, value 10s.; 1 knife-box, value 6d.; 6 knives, value2s.; 6 forks, value 2s.; 1 tea-tray, value 1s. 6d.; 1 kettle, value 6d.; 2 decanters and stoppers, value 10s.; 9 pieces of carpet, value 5s.; 1 looking-glass, value 6d.; 2 fenders, value 20s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 3s.; 1 pair of snuffers, value 1s.; 1 snuffer-stand, value 1s.; 6 cups and 6 saucers, value 1s. 6d.; 1 washing-tub, value 1s.5d.; 24 plates, value 1s. 6d.; 1 milk-pot, value 6d.; 5 jugs, value 1s. 6d.; 2 waiters, value 1s.; 1 set of glass cruets, value 3s.; 6 candlesticks, value 2s.; 1 window-curtain, value 4d.; 12 wine-glasses, value 3s.; 4 goblets, value 2s.; 1 pair of tongs, value 6d.; 1 shovel, value 6d.; 3 spoons, value 1s.; 2 basins, value 6d.; 2 teapots, value 3s.; I set of bed-furniture, value 20s.; 3 bonnets, value 6d.; 1 pair of trousers, value 6d., and 1 blanket, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Evans
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. WALESBY conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM EVANS. I have a house at Enfield-wash, Middlesex


 - I left it the latter end of December last, leaving the furniture in it, as when we lived in it - I left nobody in care of it: I bolted and locked every door, and fastened the windows - I think this was on a Thursday before Christmas, but I think not the Thursday before Christmas-day; I returned to my house on the 10th of May, with my sister and four nieces - I found all the furniture entirely taken away, every chair and table, and almost every thing but two or three boxes and a few plates, which were scattered about; I gave information at Worship-street on the following morning; I found the door on the latch - I had left it locked - I judge they had entered from the back part, as the window shutter was open; I went, among other places, to Potters' house, on the 19th -I searched, and found two plated candlesticks on a shelf below, and on looking round I saw many other things which I knew; I went out, and got Wilson - I then gave the prisoners into custody; we searched the house - Wilson took a tea-caddy from the inside of a straw bed, among the straw, other candlesticks, a mug or two, a waiter, and other things were found.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you notgo to the house after Christmas? A. I went past it many times, but did not enter it till the 10th of May, when I went to take possession; my sister was going to remain there for the summer - I saw the curtains up at the window as I passed, but I did not go in - I never employed Potter or his wife.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know Hill's husband? A. No - I cannot find him; I have eight children - I have a son in trouble: he is the first person I went to when I lost the property; to the best of my knowledge, he is now in prison; I was told yesterday he had been convicted of an offence - he is twenty-two years old; he was at liberty from December to May, and certainly had access to the house; I saw him sometimes - he has been convicted before.
MR. WALESBY. Q. Did you go by your house from time to time? A. Yes - I did not try the door; there are outer gates, which fasten as well - I found the curtains Iorn down on the 10th of May; I had seen them up about six weeks before.


                  JOHN 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am a gardener, and live at Godalming now. In December last I lived at Mr. Russen's, Enfield-highway - Evans' house is next door to his; I recollect being at work with John Potter, in Mr. Russen's garden, in March last, and we had occasion to go into Evans' garden: we went close by the house - Jackson, Comfort, and Potter were with me - we went up to the house, and looked in at the back window; we were taking night-soil from Russen's premises, and having some ale; I was leaning against the shutter, and took hold of the pin accidentally, and turned it round - to the best of my knowledge the inner pin fell out; I took out the bolt, opened the shutter half way, looked in, and saw some crockery-ware in the kitchen, and think I saw two gridirons, but it was dark in the kitchen; I saw Potter look in at the same time, but he said nothing - I left Mr. Russen on the 9th of April.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Are you sure there was an inner pin to fall out? A. Not certain. I put the bolt in as I found it; the window was not open.


                  JAMES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 11th of May the prosecutor gave me information of this robbery, and on Sunday morning, the 20th, about five o'clock, I went with him to Potter's cottage, in Swins' - buildings, Enfield; I found a pair of trousers, a pair of tongs, poker, and shovel - I went to Evans' house, examined it, and found no marks of breaking outside, but the door of a room up stairs had been forced with a chisel apparently - I went about seven o'clock the next morning to Hill's house, and found up stairs a bed, a mattress, nine chairs, a mahogany wash-hand stand, basin, a jug, a knife-box, three pieces of carpet, a dish, a bonnet, a tea-board, two knives, two forks, a grid-iron, some white bed-furniture, and other articles, which Evans claimed - I saw Potter in the cage at Enfield, on Friday, the 20th of May; he made no confession to me.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Who told you it was Potter's house? A. I saw Mrs. Potter there.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The chairs and beds must be some weight? A. Yes, Hill's wife appears near her confinement.


                  RICHARD 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a horse-patrol of Bow-street. On the 21st of May I went to the office, as Potter was coming out from being examined, with Abbott, a constable; I did not make him any promise, or threat, nor did any body in my hearing.


                  GEORGE 
                  ABBOTT
               



            . I am a constable of Enfield, I was at the cage on Monday, the 21st of May; Potter was in my custody - I did not threaten him, or make him any promise; he said it was a bad job that had happened, and he was very sorry for it - I had taken him between seven and eight o'clock on the 19th of May; I had not told him the charge; Wilson and Evans were both with me - Evans had given him in my charge at his own house at Enfield-wash; he said it was a bad job, and that some of the furniture he had bought down in the country of a person, a table, and other things - on Monday, the 21st, I took him to the office, and in the morning he was taken there again; Evans and some of the furniture were brought up, and I took him to the cage again - he said at the watch-house that there were four in it, and that was all- he did not mention any names.


                  RICHARD 
                  WATKINS
               



             re-examined. As the prisoner returned from the office to the watch-house, he told me it was a bad job; I asked was there any one in it besides him and Hill - he said, "Only the women;" I asked, "What women" - he told me their names: he said Hill and him would never have done it, if they had not been persuaded by the two women, their wives - I judge that he was speaking of the robbery.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a constable of Enfield. I went to Potter's house on Saturday, the 19th and found a bed, a mattress, ten chairs, a mahogany chair, two candlesticks, a vinegar and pepper-cruet, and other things, which Evans claimed.


                  SARAH 
                  SWIN
               



            . I live at Enfield-wash. I know both the female prisoner's; Hill came to my house in April, and offered to sell me a pair of decanters, which she did for 7s. - I gave them to the constable.


                  ELIZA 
                  EKINS
               



            . I live at Enfield-wash. I went to Mrs. Hill's house in April, with some things to be washed - she said she had a wash-hand stand, and brass fender to sell for Mrs. Prosser; I told her I would send my father to look at them - she said I must not let him come, because she owed Mrs. Swin some rent, and if he came to look at them, she might put a distress into the house, thinking something was going out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EKINS
               



            . On Saturday night, the 12th of May, Mrs. Hill brought a fender and wash-hand stand to me; I bought them of her.


                  SARAH 
                  PROSSER
               



            . I live at Enfield-wash. I never authorised Hill to sell any thing for me.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am a constable of Enfield I received these decanters from Swin; I searched Hill's house, in company with Hanley and Wilson, on Monday, the 28th of May.


                  HANNAH 
                  PIKE
               



            . I live at Enfield-wash. In May last I went to Hill's house, and saw Mrs. Hill; she offered me some broken things in a basket, to throw away for her - I did not see them; I went again the same Sunday afternoon, the 20th of May, and saw a chair burning on her fire- I saw part of the leg, and the cane bottom; she told me she had burnt the greater part of the bed-furniture, and other things.

MR. EVANS. These things are all mine; the property found at Potter's is worth more than 10l. - near 40l. worth was lost; I think the premises were entered from the back window, near Mr. Russen's privy - it was shut when I went there; I do not know whether it was fastened - the street door was on the latch, and the pin was out of the shutter; the property might be removed at different times.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARNER
               



            . I live just on this side of the Bell, at Enfield-wash, and am a hay-carter; I know Swin's-buildings - I was out with my cart about three months ago, and met two men and two women; the women were almost close to me - I did not know them; it was hardly day-light - they appeared to be carrying luggage; I could not discern what it was.
J. POTTER - 


               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 30.



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
A. POTTER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
HILL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
