





Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
38. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  LING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of May
, 1 umbrella, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joel 
                  Walker
               




            , her master.


                  JOEL 
                  WALKER
               



            . I live in Jermyn-street


; the prisoner was one month in my employ. I missed an umbrella the first or second Sunday after she came; I asked if she had seen it - she denied it; I had bought it about a month before - in a day or two afterwards I saw a strange umbrella there, and I thought it very likely that was mine, but the prisoner said it was her sister's; she staid with me a month, and I found my umbrella at Mr. Tutton's, to whom she went from me - she had been strongly recommended to me, and I referred to the same lady again.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Had she a sister who was in the habit of coming to your house? A. I never saw her.
COURT. Q.You found your umbrella where she was living when she left you? A. Yes; I knew where she went, and when I saw the umbrella I owned it as mine - she did not say it had been changed by mistake; there was none left at my house in the room of mine.


                  JOHN 
                  TUTTON
               



            . I am a coach-maker. The prisoner came to my service from the prosecutor's - I found some of my articles, and some of my lodger's, in her box; I sent toMr. Walker to come and see if there was any of his property there.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not Mr. Walker give you half a crown to give her? A.No; I gave her one myself, and sent her another - she brought the umbrella into my house, and said it was given her by her aunt.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRAGAN
               



            . I sold this umbrella to the prosecutor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
