




705. 




ROBERT CORD
 and 




JOSEPH TIPLING
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
6th of February, 600 split osiers, value 7s.; and 4 iron hooks, value 4d.; the goods of 



John Hamblin, their master.






JOHN HAMBLIN
. I live in Westminster. Tipling was my apprentice, and Cord was my errand-boy for about eighteen months, or two years, I believe—he had left my service, and was in trouble—I missed about 600 osiers, and four hooks—these are some of the osiers, and these fire-screens were made at Cord's house with my osiers—Tipling makes such things—these four hooks are mine, and were found at Tipling's father's.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Where did these osiers come from? A. I bought them in Bishopsgate-street, of Mr. Clark—I can say they are mine from the manner in which they are prepared—I mean the splitting of them—I am a basket-maker—very few persons split their osiers at all, they use them whole; but I am in the fancy-business—I would not swear there is no one in London who makes fancy screens like these—I know these osiers by their colour—there are different colours and dies used—I believe my dies and colour are superior to any other—I live in Rupert-street—there is a Frenchman lives in Dean-street, but he cannot produce such colours as mine—I have three apprentices—Robert Rook is the senior—I never suspected him of taking any of these things—it was not his business, in particular, to watch that—nothing was carried away—he will be out of his time in six or seven months—Tipling had learned the trade of making baskets—he is a pretty good-hand, and is capable of doing the business all but staining the stuff—Rook's business was on the fancy-work, and so were all the apprentices—they would learn the coarse work at the latter part of their time—I taught them the fine work, and when I was not there, the senior apprentice has instructed them—I began to miss osiers a month or six weeks ago—Tipling had, before that, wanted to see his indentures, to know if he was rightly bound—I told him he and his father had seen them when he was bound—there was no dispute about it—my wife and him were not good friends—I do not see how they could be, when he was always annoying her—I did not go to Bow-street, nor did my wife—the prisoner said he went there, and he told the Magistrate at Marlborough-street so, but the Magistrate did not believe him—he said he had been because he did not believe he was properly bound; and I said I was willing to go before any Magistrate to show the'indentures to prove that he was—that was a week or a fortnight before I missed the osiers—he has frequently said he wished he was out of his time—I have never said I should be sorry, as I thought he would be a rival—I went to his father's house—I

saw the servant, and asked her where Mr. Tipling was—the officer and a journeyman of mine were with me—I sent the girl out for some gin—I asked her what she would take—she said, what I pleased—I was in the room, and when she was gone out I began to search, and found these osiers concealed under the bedstead; this is the bundle—when she came back I showed them to her—I did not abuse Tipling at that time—I have called him a vagabond—she did not say I had better give up his indentures—I did not reply, "No, he knows the business too well; he would take the victuals out of my plate;" nor any thing of the kind—I did not say, "Peggy, you are a servant, you should consider your own interest"—I did not say I wanted to send him out of the country; it is against my disposition—I did not tell her I would give her five pounds and a new suit of clothes if the would come and swear what I wanted her—I had no warrant; but the Magistrate gave me leave to take my property—the girl said, if she had known what I wanted, she would have broken my head with the poker.





WILLIAM DRANE
 (police-constable C 141.) I went to Tipling's house in Tichbourne-street, on the 6th of February—I followed the prosecutor; he was in two or three minutes before me—I cannot tell where these osiers were found, but he gave them to me in the room, and said he found them under the bed—I was there when the girl had returned—I did not hear the prosecutor say any thing to her about getting Tipling out of the country, or giving her five pounds—I afterwards went to Cord's lodging in Pulteney-court—I found these bundles of osiers concealed under the coals, and these two screens hung up in the room.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not go into Tipling's room with the prosecutor? A. No—I went in two or three minutes—he could not have said much to the girl—this is the bundle of osiers the prosecutor found there—they were not done up quite so neat as they are now—I did not go to Rood's house—he told me he saw the prisoner take them, but he did not tell me where I should find them—I went to Cord's house the same day that I went to Tipling's—I went to the room where I was told Cord lodged—I do not know who else lives in the house—these two screens were hanging in the room—Cord did not then say he had made them—he said others were concerned in it—he said, before the Magistrate, that Rook had been up at work in the room with them—he said that Rook was to teach them how to make them, and brought the materials to the house, and Tipling said the same before the Magistrate.





ROBERT ROOK
. I am an apprentice to the prosecutor. On the 6th of February, about eight o'clock in the morning, I saw Cord putting a lot of these osiers into his cap—they were split, and ready for work—he put his cap under the bench, and concealed it—he went to breakfast a few minutes afterwards and took his cap with him—on Saturday, the 7th of February, Tipling told me he had four hooks at home, which he had taken away some time before—I told my master of it on the Monday.

Cross-examined. Q. Had your master lost a great many osiers? A. Yes, I believe so, but I only saw them taken that once—it was my business, when I was there, to take care of osiers—Tipling was there at the time they were taken—I live at No. 7, Upper Rupert-street—they did not search my house—Cord lives in Pulteney-court—I had been there on the Sunday before, and taken my coat and waistcoat to lend him—I only went just inside the door, and gave them to a girl—my master and I do the finest work in the shop—the lads cannot do that—they begin with the coarsest work—Cord had nothing to do with screens in the shop—

Tipling could do every part of the screen, but he never did it in the shop—these are not nicely finished, they are very rough work—I cannot tell whose work it is—it does not seem to be one who has had much practice—I never heard that Tipling and Cord said that I had been to teach them—I heard them say before the Magistrate that I took osiers there—Tipling has said he would do me all the injury he could, because I gave him a month for stealing my shoes—he was always quarrelling, and making what disturbance he could between his mistress and me—we were not the best of friends—he set us all in arms—he has threatened several times to leave my master, and set up in business himself—I do not recollect that he said so in my master's presence—my mistress dies the goods—Cord splits them, and my master's father and I have done them—I never went to Tipling's—I cannot tell where he lives—it is in the Edgeware-road—I never gave him any osiers to work up—when Cord took the osiers, Charles Orton was there—I did not ask him to assist me in taking Cord's cap off—my matter was at Hammersmith at the time—I told my master when I saw him.
(Witnesses for the Defence.)





MARGARET PROCTOR
. I live servant with Tipling's father. I was there with the children when the prosecutor came—he sent me for some gin—I asked about Joe—he said he was in prison—he said, "What do you wish for, my dear? if you wish for wine you shall have it?"—I said, "I had rather not"—he said he wished to transport him—I spoke about his giving up his indentures—he said he would take the victuals out of his plate, as he knew his business too well—he said he would make a lady of me if I swore against him, as he said, "If I can get any one to swear against him for money, I will do it"—he gave me fourpence, and sent me for a quartern of gin; and when I came back he produced the osiers.





SOPHIA BROOK
. I am fifteen years of age. I lodge in the next room to Cord—I have seen Rook come to Cord's lodging—he used to bring with him the things they make these screens with, of all colours—I have seen him at work with Cord with what he brought.





CHARLES CORD
. I am Cord's brother. I have seen Rook bring osiers to my brother—he taught my brother to make the screens and fine work—I have seen him there doing it—it is not above five weeks since he came there with a pair of frames to make screens.

COURT
to
MARGARET PROCTER. Q. Were you offered 5l. to swear against the prisoner? A. Yes, to say that I heard him say he took his master's substance, and made them up in screens.

JURY. Q. Did you threaten him? A. Yes, I took up the poker, and said, "Do you wish to wrong my soul?" and he said, "Do not do it, my dear"—"I said, "I am not dear to you."

CORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

TIPLING—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.
