



671. 




HANNAH HASSETT
 was indictedfor

 stealing, on the 
12th of February, 2 shillings and 3 sixpences, the monies of 



Samuel Long, her master.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





SAMUEL LONG
. I keep the Queen's Head, High-street, Marylebone. The prisoner has been above three years in my service—I have missed money from my bar at different times—on the 10th of February, I missed 2s., and on the 11th, 4s. 6d.—I communicated with Keys, the officer, and placed him on the cellar stairs, so as to have a good view of the till—on the morning of the 12th of February I had two pounds worth of silver in the till, all marked—I came down that morning at my usual time, and went into the bar—the prisoner had no right to go to the till, or interfere with the bar at all—she had nothing to do with the business, she was a domestic servant—I counted the money, and missed 3s. 6d.—I communicated that to Keys—I rang the bell, and the prisoner came into the bar—Keys charged her with it—she denied it; and took several oaths that she had no property about her—Keys said, "It is of no use—it is here—I saw you put it here"—and she produced two shillings and three sixpences, threw them down, and said, "I suppose you will say that is your money"—I examined it—

it was marked as I had marked my money—she still denied it, and said she had had the money two days.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did any body see you mark the money? A. The officer—she never deposited any money with me—I believe she had nine pounds a year—she never gave me notice to quit—my wife gave her notice to quit—they had quarrelled—my wife never told me that the prisoner had given her notice—money never laid loose about the parlour—the prisoner received money from customers to give to my hands, but was not to go to the till—she never had any thing to do with the till—she took it in the tap-room, and brought it to me.





FRANCIS KEYS
. I am an officer of Marylebone. In consequence of a communication from the prosecutor on the 12th of February, I stationed myself on the cellar stairs—I had seen two pounds in silver marked by the prosecutor the day before—about a quarter past seven o'clock in the morning I went to the house—while there, I saw the prisoner go in and out of the bar several times—I saw Mrs. Long in the bar—I saw Mrs. Long leave the bar about eight o'clock, and go up stairs—I them saw the prisoner in the wash-house, go into the bar, put a pail down near to the till—she went down on her knees—I saw her fix her eyes up the stairs—then look down—then look towards the staircase again—then I heard something pushed in—she left the bar, went into the wash-house, and stood within a few yards of me—there was nobody in the bar—the prosecutor came to me soon after, and said 3s. 6d. was gone—I said, "Yes, and she has got it in her bosom"—I followed her into the bar—she was charged with it, and denied it; but at last produced a bit of rag from her pocket, with two shillings and three sixpences marked.

Cross-examined. Q. Then she said she had money? A. Yes, she said she had 8s. for two days—I went to her box, and there was money there—she was scouring about the floor of the bar.

MR. LONG
re-examined. The till was not locked—it was shut to—the bar was only left for two minutes—there is a lock to it.





FRANCIS KEYS

re-examined. I found nine sovereigns in one of her boxes, and 24s. or 25s. in silver—I had seen her put something down her bosom soon after she left the bar.

MRS. LONG. The prisoner deposited eight sovereigns with me last May, to take care of for her, as the house was under repair—I returned it to her, and advised her to put it into the Savings'-bank—some time after she asked leave to go out—I said, "Have you deposited your money in the Savings'-bank?"—she said, "No ma'am, I wish I had done so—I have spent it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had she given you notice, or you her? A. I gave her notice—she gave me notice some time back, but afterwards wished to stop—I said she must alter her conduct, and I agreed she should stay.

MR. LONG. I am positive this is my mark on the money—it is marked on each side—there is a cross on the ear, and on the reverse side on the harp.





FRANCIS KEYS

re-examined. I saw them marked in that way.

Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent.
(John Leonard, labourer, and Daniel O'Brien, shoemaker, of Marlboro'-street; and Thomas Brown, a paviour, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
