






2437. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, 1 watch, value 25s., and 1 key, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Barbara 
                     Folkard
                  




               
            .


                  BARBARA 
                  FOLKARD
               



            . I am a widow
, and keep a shop
 in William-street, Manchester-square


. On the 18th of October, about eight o'clock in the morning, I saw Harris in my shop - he asked to look at an old tea-saucer; he then looked at something else - I was engaged with him about ten minutes, and he left without buying any thing - my watch hung on the parlour mantel-piece; I do not know whether the private door was open, but if it was, any body could get into the parlour - a neighbour came over and gave me information; I went into the parlour, and the watch was gone - Harris had left then, and in about an hour I saw the prisoners in custody with it - they were strangers.
Harris. Q. Are you sure it was I who came to your shop? A. He is the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  COCHRAN
               



            . I am a saddler, and live nearly opposite Folkard; about ten minutes to eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners lurking about the street, in company together - I watched them; one of them looked through the key-hole of the private door; they then went on down the street together, and returned; the prosecutrix was sweeping the front of hershop; as they passed, one pushed the other, as if to say, go in at the private door, which was then open; they went on, then came back, and the door was put too - I do not know whether it was shut; Chapman looked through the key-hole, then opened the door, and went in; Harris went in at the shop door; I ran down the street to look for a Policeman, but could not find one, and on returning, I told my employer what I had seen; Chapman came out at the private door, and Harris at the shop door; my employer went over, and told the prosecutrix; the prosecutrix's son and I went after them - we could not find them; we met a Policeman, and described them - he afterwards took them; I am certain of them both - the watch was found on Chapman.
Harris. Q. Did you see me with Chapman after I came out? A. Chapman stopped and spoke to two others at the corner, and Harris went by, and did not speak to him; but they were in company together when we took them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOOKER
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received information, and went to Lisson-grove, about a mile from the house, and saw the prisoners going along; Cochran pointed them out - I ran; Harris turned round, saw me, and stopped as if for a necessary purpose; I told Cochran to take him; I followed, and took Chapman - I saw the watch-key in his mouth, and caught hold of it - we struggled; I forced his mouth open, and believe he must have swallowed it; I saw another watch-key hanging from his pocket - I caught hold of it; he said, "It is mine, what do you want with it?" I found the watch in that pocket, and in Harris's pocket I found a skeleton and a latch-key; Harris said, "I know nothing of it, I have not been with him."(Property produced and sworn to).
Chapman's Defence. About five minutes before I was taken, I met Harris, and asked him to go across the fields with me - he did not know what I had in my pocket.
Harris' Defence. I unfortunately met Chapman about five minutes before; I had not seen him all the morning before; he asked me to cross the fields with him on an errand; I turned and saw two Policemen, but did not think they were after me, and stopped.
CHAPMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
