



1089. 




SIMON MARRIOTT
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Mary Warner.






MESSES. BODKIN

and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





JANE GODWIN
. I am the wife of Richard Godwin, and live at No. 15, Red Lion-street, Holborn. I know the prisoner—I went to lodge in his house on the 14th August; st—the house was at No. 2, Dolphin-place, Holborn—I knew the deceased, Mary Warner—I saw her on the first day I went—she appeared to be rather old—I saw her at the kitchen window

in front of the house—it is a kind of long window—I believe only one pane opens in it—it looks into a sort of area, but I cannot cell it an area, it is more like a hole—the window is below the level of the street—when I went there the pane of glass was in—two days after I went to lodge there I heard the deceased crying—I did not speak to the prisoner about it at that time, but I did about a week afterwards, when I heard her again, and his answer was that he was coming to her—I did not hear him go to her then—I heard her cry again, and I called him again—she was a few days after the other—on that occasion he went to her—I heard him open the door, and speak to her—I did not hear him come out again—I did not hear what he said—I left the house on the 30th of October—I never, on any occasion of the prisoner's going to her when she has been crying, heard what he has said—the door of the kitchen was in a confused sort of a place—it was always locked—I learnt that by her crying about half-past eight o'clock one night—she was screaming "Muffer" dreadfully crying to be let out—I have seen the prisoner come out, and saw him lock the door always when be came out—I went and tried it once, and found I locked—on the night she cried "Murder" I heard her. trying to get out—she did not succeed—that was the occasion on which I tried the door, and found it shut—I then communicated with the rest of the lodgers—I went into Mr. Marriott's house, which is No. 1—I lived in No. 2—the old lady lived at No. 2—I went down with them the kitchen, and we put a candle through the pane of glass, to help her to see herself to bed—it was half-past eight o'clock in the evening, about the middle of October, about a fortnight before I left—there was no light in the kitchen the whole of the time I lived in the house—I never saw any light in the kitchen—I never saw a fire—I had a large Are myself—it was cold at the latter end of August—I lived in the back parlour—when I looked through the window, with the assistance of the candle, I saw the old lady—she was andressed—she had only her shift and stockings on—I could not see her get into bed, because the bedstead was in a corner—the night she was screaming dreadfully, I went down stairs and asked her for the key, and said "You have locked yourself in"—she said, "No, I have not"—I said "You had better give me the key through the door; you have locked the door"—she said, "No; I have never had a key; I have always been locked in since I have been here"—I spoke to the prisoner three times on the subject of the old woman, and he always sod he was coming—he never expressed himself in any way about the old woman—when he said he was coming, I never heard him go to her—I must have seen him if he had gone—I did see him go once, but not at the time called him—on one occasion I saw the kitchen door open, and heard the prisoner reading something, which I believe to be a Bible—on that occasion the deceased appeared contented—I never heard him do any thing to her on any other occasion—a few days after that I heard her crying again—I told the prisoner of it—I did not hear him go into the kitchen then—she got out of the kitchen one day, and got stairs to the third floor—the prisoner came to me, and said, "Mrs. Godwin, have you seen any thing of the old woman?"—I said, no, I had not seen her—she went up stairs, and he found her on the third floor—when he came down, he said, "What are you doing up here?"—I did not hear her reply—he said, "You are too dirty to be seen"—she said she could not help it and I heard her crying—I was never in the kitchen—I never saw any of the lodgers, except the old woman, in it—the door was never open when

he candle was put in at the window, it was from the area—there was the commonest sort of furniture in the kitchen—she looked round, and said, why should she be locked up in that hole, she had property, Mr. Marriott had taken her property—(my furniture was my own—I believe the prisoner let no furnished lodgings)—she said she would rather be in a workhouse than she looked up where she was—I never heard her complain of want of food.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long before you left was it that this happened about the cry of murder? A. In the middle of October, about a fortnight before I left—Mr. Marriott always locked her in the room—asked her for the key one evening, not knowing that Mr. Marriott had pocked her in—I never saw her with a stick—I cannot say that she was lame—I think she was not—I will not swear it—she stooped a little—there was Mrs. Marriott—I never saw Mrs. Marriott go to her but once—I was generally at home—I was obliged to go out some times—I was the greatest heart of the time at home—my husband is a lawyer's clerk, and he lives at come—he supports me, and has a family of three children—I did not tell Mr. Marriott of the cry of murder and police, and putting the candle into the hole, but the lodgers did, because they told me so—I never saw Mrs. Marriott go to the woman but once—I never looked into the kitchen in the daytime—I never could see the lady—I am not in the habit of going out in the evening—when Mr. Marriott found. I spoke about the old lady, he gave the notice to quit—I never knew any other reason—he did not tell me, at the time he gave me notice, that it was for bad conduct, and that I should not stay in the house any longer—I have seen a Mrs. Cruikshanks—she lived in the same house with me—I was examined before the Coroner—I had a large fire in my room at the latter end of August—the cry of "Murder" and "police" took place about half-past eight o'clock in the evening—it was dark—the old lady was not in bed when we saw her—I did not understand that she had fallen out of bed—I understood that she wanted to get into stopped—she was undressed—I did not tell Mr. Marriott of that—I was married at Paris—I have been married seven years to the lawyer's clerk—we were married at St. Rolph's chapel—the last situation my husband had in England was in Sergeant's Inn, in Fleet-street—I can hardly think of the name of the person he was clerk to there—that was about six months ago—he has been to Belgium—I have not been with him—he went there at the time he left—it was Mr. Fiddey he was with—I cannot tell why he left Mr. Fiddey—he has been two months at Belgium, and is not come back—he left Mr. Fiddey about a month before he went to Belgium—I have maintained myself since by his sending backwards and forwards—he was in Belgium when I last heard from him—I cannot say where he is now—I was married by a Catholic priest—I am not a Catholic, but my husband is—became acquainted with him in this counter—I might be as well married at Paris as here—we travelled together to Paris, and certain parties with us—I cannot say exactly whose employ he was in at the time—be was a lawyer's clerk then—I have no certificate of my marriage with me—it is at home—it is in the French language—I understand very Tittle French—I cannot tell the name of the town in Belgium from which I last heard from my husband, unless I had his letter here—I was before the Magistrate—I was not asked for my certificate.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is there any pretence for insinuating you are not married? A. Not that I know of—there were other lodgers in the house besides me—I do not know of their complaining to the prisoner

of the ill-treatment received by the old woman—I know that the other lodgers left, but why, I cannot tell—one left before me—she was not sent out of the house because she was a nuisance—she gave the prisoner notice, and he gave her notice after that, I believe—I did not give him notice—he gave me notice—he did not say why—he desired me to stop a few days if I was not suited.





MARTHA SMITH
. I am single. I now live at No. 15. Quicksett-row New-road. In April, 1837, I went to lodge at No. 1, Dolphin-place—I did not know the deceased by name—I know an old woman lived in the house—I saw her the night she was brought there, which was about a month or six weeks after the time I went to live there—I saw her in the passage with Mrs. Marriott—she occupied the back parlour of the house No. 2—I should say she occupied it not more than three weeks or a month at the most—after leaving the back parlour, she went into the front kitchen—I was in it the day it was prepared for her reception—there was furniture brought the night she came—she was brought to No. 1 at first—that was the night the furniture was brought—I do not know How much furniture there was—I believe some part of it was sold—I have seen the prisoner cleaning up furniture for sale—I do not know whether that was part of the furniture that was brought in for her—I did not see furniture at all—it was brought in the night—there was no furniture is the kitchen subsequent to the day I saw it—I cannot say whether she went into it that night or the next day—Mrs. Marriott said it was being prepared for her reception—I saw her in it the same week—I never heard the prisoner or his wife talking to Mrs. Warner—I never heard her name till after her death—I left on the 14th, and she died on the 19th—I used to ask after her as the old lady—he and his wife used to tell me repeatedly that she was well, and better than I was—I lived there from April till the 14th of February this year—at the time I left the old lady was alive—the servant has been standing at the door, and Mrs. Warner has walked about Dolphin-place, and talked to me—for five months before her death I never saw her out of her room—I have spoken to her in the kitchen before Mrs. Marriott—about the middle of October, I was sitting in the parlour occupied by Mrs. Robinson, in the house No. 1—there came repeated knocks at the door for Mr. Marriot—they were not answered by him—be was not in the house at the time, nor his wife—we went to the door, and I went with Mrs. Godwin—Mrs. Warner was screaming "Murder," and trying to get out—the entrance to the kitchen is from the area of the house No. 1, over a sink—you might go from the house No. 2—when I heard the scream, Mrs. Robinson and Mrs. Godwin went through to the door, out of the area, with a candle—I staid above—I went to the gate to try and find a policeman to come, but I could not see one—the old lady came to the window—she said that she had got out of bed and could not get in again; and she wanted to get away from there—there was no fire in the room, and she had no light, and it was about half-past eight o'clock at night—she said they had got her clothes—she did not mention names—she said they had got her clothes and furniture—all she seemed to want was to get away—I was absent part of the time while Mrs. Robinson was holding the light—I have spoken to the prisoner about the old lady—I was cleaning a few knives and forks once, and the servant came and locked the door of the kitchen, and jumped over the place where I was standing, which is where the sink is where

they ger over—I saw Fillingham the servant lock the door, and bring the key—the prisoner was standing at the sink of his own house, by the kitchen-door—I said, "How dull that poor old soul must be, shut up in a kitchen, after being used to a house to range about in"—he said, "How do you know she has been used to a house to range about in?"—I said, "From what you said yourself"—he said, "It would be much better for you to mind your own business;" and I said no more—I have seen the prisoner take food to the old lady three or four times—when I first saw the old lady, she appeared remarkably well, and her spirits very good—I should say I had not teen her for six weeks or two months before I left the house—she then appeared remarkably dejected, and very much neglected and dirty—she begged of me on one occasion to come down stairs and comb her hair—during the time the servants were there, the first servant in particular, she appeared always clean—that was the time she was living in the back parlour—I have been in the kitchen—there was nothing there but a dresser and fire-grate when I saw it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Do you know where the station-house is in your district? A. No—I have an idea of course—I have seen a policeman in the streets—I did not complain to the police that the poor creature was cruelly treated—I did not think she was treated kindly, being locked up—I thought it cruel—I must say I did think she was cruelly treated—I mentioned it to Mr. Bernescol, hoping be would mention it—I knew if I mentioned it I should get into disgrace—I mentioned it to all my friends—I left it to others to mention it to the police—I did not tell the prisoner about hearing the cry of murder—it was after I had been told to mind my own business—she wanted then to get out of the place—she had a bed-gown on, and appeared as if she had been to bed—she was exceedingly excited, and was crying dreadfully—she wanted to get out—she was bettering the door with a stick—she was soothed after we had been there about half an hour.

Q. Was she an infirm old lady? A. She walked without assistance—I have seen her walk on more occasions than one up and down Dolphin-place, but not for five months previous to my leaving—the weather has been, very severe this winter—I have been in the habit of asking after the old lady, and the prisoner used to say, "Why, my dear, she is better than yon"—my health has been very good—I am twenty-four years old—I think, she was seventy-four—it is as much as five months since I have seen her—my uncle and sister were living at the same place—I do not live there now—they live there still, but are going to leave—they would not have stopped so long if they could have got apartments to suit—I left on the 14th of February—I had a few words with my uncle, and I said we had better part friendly than unfriendly—I am now residing with a friend in the New and—a married woman, who has a family—my sister is living with my uncle at present—I never was out but on one occasion after twelve o'clock, and then I went to the theatre—the quarrel was not about my being out late—my uncle is sometimes out, and sometimes at home—I do not follow any business—I did then—I did work both at home, and out—I was more frequency out than at home in the daytime, but I was mostly at home at meals in—I do not wish to insinuate that the old woman had not above three males in ten months—I have known both Mr. and Mrs. Marriott take her food—when I heard the cry of murder I told my uncle of it when he came home, but he is a dreadfully nervous man, and I dared not interfere on that account—told him a few things that I had seen, but not all—my sister

was away from home—she was away for months together—what has happened has always been when my sister has been away, I suppose—I did tell her, and she said I had better not interfere in it, I should get into anger with my uncle—that was the reason why I did not mention it to the police—there were other persons that took it up as well as me—I partly supported myself by needlework—before the deceased occupied the kitchen it was occupied by another lodger—I do not know How long the lodger had left it—it was a room which had been occupied—I have been in the kitchen—I cannot say whether it was eighteen feet long—it is a boarded kitchen—by the window it is light, but by the fire it is dark—it is a large window, by which the light comes in two ways to the room—it is angular—if there was a screen to the window, a person outside could not see the fire—I have never been into the back parlour, which the deceased had before she went to the kitchen—I have been in the front parlour, over the kitchen—there are two kitchens—I do not know How many lodgers there were when the old lady was there—the house was full—they had one common place to go to get water—in order for the lodgers to get water, it was necessary for them to pass the door of the kitchen, where she was—on one occasion, she asked me to comb her hair—I did not do it—when the door was locked, How could I do it? Q. Although the door was locked she was in that state of mind to ask you to comb her hair? A. She wished for assistance—there were two servants, one after the other—I should say I saw her last, full two months before this happened—it might have been in January—the furniture came in the evening—I do not know who bought or paid for it.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Up to the time the old lady went to live in the kitchen, had her conduct been quiet and peaceful? A. As far as I know—I never before that time heard her call out murder, or complain of being under restraint—I have had conversations with her before that, and at different times, and she answered very sensibly indeed—I do not know whether there was a door between the areas when I first went—persons have no occasion to go into the area at all to get to the kitchen—there was not a kitchen of the same kind in our house—it was a square kitchen there—Mr. and Mrs.—resided there—that kitchen was carpeted—I cannot say whether there was any carpet in the kitchen where the old lady was.





ELIZABETH KERLEY
. I am—the wife of John Kerley, and live at No. 20, Carlisle-street. I lived in Dolphin-place about twelve months—I went in September, and left last September—I have seen Mrs. Warner—I saw her first at the beginning of the summer—I recollect her coming about the month of June—she then lived in the back-parlour, and continued to live there about a month, or six weeks—I cannot recollect the time—I knew the kitchen she lived in, subsequently—I have been in it myself—I never was in it after the deceased was there—it was not carpeted before—I have seen the deceased in the passage often, going into the kitchen—I remember her going into the kitchen—the door was always locked—sometimes Mr. Marriott had the key, and sometimes the servant, Ann Price—I do not know the name of the other servant—there were two servants—I never heard her name—she always locked the door—I never heard Mr. Marriott tell her to lock it after her—I have heard the deceased complain of being kept in the kitchen, and ask why she was made a prisoner of—she once showed me a dry piece of bread—a person stood by the said of me—I asked her if she had not enough—she said it was too dry, she

could not eat it—it did appear to be very dry—I only saw it through the window—I never could get in—I never had any conversation with Mr. Marriott about it—I have called to him, when she has been crying for assistance—on one occasion he attended to the call, but it was an hour after—I had once some conversation with the old lady—I thought her replies perfectly sensible—there was nothing, that I observed, peculiar in her conduct—I never saw candles in the room—I could not get into my room without passing her window—if there had been a candle in the room I must have seen it—I never saw a candle in the room—I lived in the same house with her—we all cooked for ourselves.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What part of September did you leave? A. I think it was about the 16th—we did not want candles very early—I am married—my husband is a stage-coachman—I went by my own name in the house—I never went by the name of Heath—that is my mistress's name—she never lived there—my husband is now driving the Wickham coach—I left Mr. Marriott, because my husband's business led ns to the West-end—I gave notice a fortnight previous to Mr. Marriott giving me notice—my husband was then going to drive an omnibus, and it was more convenient to leave—I cannot recollect when the deceased showed me a piece of bread—it was not while Ann Price, nor while the other servant was living there—I never said the old lady was being starved to death—I certainly do not say that now—I could hold a conversation with her through the window—it is a large window, that throws a great deal of light into the room—the fire-place was opposite the door—I do not know whether it was a comfortable room, as I never went into it.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I understand you never could get into it to see? A. No, not after the old lady went into it—I talked to her once, at the window—she was calling out for Mrs. Kelly—my name being Kerley, I went down to speak to her, thinking she had made a mistake—I went to live there in September, 1836—this rent-book, which I have, was made out in Mr. Marriott's handwriting, I think at first—I received it from him—it is headed "Mrs. Kerley"—I have passed by the windows when it was so dark that candles were required, and there were none—I did not think she was well treated—I have heard her cry for an hour together for assistance—I never had conversation with her enough to judge whether her conduct was such as to justify her confinement—when I saw her before she got into the kitchen, her conduct was quite quiet and rational, in my opinion.





ELIZABETH ROBINSON
. I am the wife of George Robinson. We live at No. 1, Dolphin-court—we were both living thereat the time the old lady in question was living there—we went to live there on the 1st of August last—at that time I believe Mrs. Warner was living in the kitchen—on one occasion Mrs. Godwin mentioned something to me—in consequence of that I went to the kitchen window, where Mrs. Warner was—she was calling murder, and shaking the door violently—I desired Mrs. Godwin to fetch a policeman—I said to Mrs. Warner, "Has any one a key that will open the door?"—I endeavoured to pacify her—she said, "They have got me here, and all my good clothes and things; and see here, look at this Place, when I have got so much good furniture of my own"—I did not Particularly notice How the place was furnished, but it did not appear comfortable—I was looking through the window—I put a candle through a square of glass that was out—(this was in the month of October)—there was no means of closing the square—it appeared taken out of the frame—I said,

"How is it you are here; have you no friends, have you no nieces?" she said "No"—I said, "Have you any neighbours or friends? tell me and I will go or write to them, however great the distance"—she said, "No, no, they will not interfere"—I tried to pacify her—I lived there the whole winter—I passed the window when I came home, but it was but seldom—I passed it once a week at least—I never saw a spark of light there—when I came home in the evening, I tapped at my bed-room window for my children to let me in, and I could see the kitchen window—I know now where the fire-place is—if there had been any fire I must have seen it quite plainly—during the whole of the winter there was no fire in the room, not even a glimmering light.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. It was but seldom you passed the window? A. Not above once a week—I live in the parlour, and com across to tap for my children to open the door—that is when I have passed her window, and sometimes I have gone on purpose.

Q. Are you prepared to swear, that during the severe weather there was a not a screen before the window? A. I saw nothing but dark—there was a green curtain—I do not know whether that would prevent my seeing or not—I think the cry of murder must have been in the middle of October—Godwin fetched me—Smith was there on the same occasion—the deceased wanted to get out—I did not hear her say that she had got out of bed, and could not get in again—I was so excited I cannot tell what she said—she was out of bed—she might complain that she had got out of bed, and could not get in again—I will not swear that she did or not—I rather believe she did—I saw her—I did not notice whether she was in her night dress—she might have it on, and I not notice it—I only looked through a window—after a time we succeeded in soothing her, and she got into bed—when we asked about her friends, she named one person, but said they would not interfere.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you other opportunities, besides when you passed the window, to observe whether or not there was a fire in the room; when you stood at your own window to tap to get in, could you see into the room? A. Yes, sometimes—that might be two or three times in a week, and sometimes not for a fortnight or three weeks together—I had not occasion to do so often about Christmas, that I know of—when I held the light to the window there was no screen in the room—the court is not a thoroughfare—there are three houses in it—they all belong to Mr. Marriott.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Which house do you live in? A. No. l—it is quite full of lodgers.





ELIZABETH TURNER
. I know the houses belonging to Mr. Marriott, in Dolphin-place—I was one of the lodgers there—I took the apartments at No. 2, in March 20, 1837, and left on the 17th of May, the same year—I remember Mrs. Warner coming there—there was a van of goods come about an hour before—I do not know whether those goods were Mrs. Warner's—I never heard Mr. Marriott say any thing about them—they were taken to No. 1—she was taken to No. 2—I left in May.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was there a screen in the room? A. In Mrs. Warner's room there was.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What room? A. The back parlour in which she was first placed—I was there when she was taken into the kitchen—she was taken first to the back parlour, and then down to the kitchen—she was an invalid, and was assisted down by Mrs. Marriott—the kitchen

was not so comfortable as the room she was taken from—I do not know what became of the screen after she left the parlour.





ABRAHAM CARTER
. I live at No. 31, Paradise-terrace, Holloway. On the 8th or 9th of March, 1837, I called on Mrs. Warner, in Cannon-street, at the former Mrs. Reed's house, who was a sister to Mrs. Warner—I had known them a number of years—I always understood that it was rented by Mrs. Reed—I know from passing the lease into the hands of a gentleman named Wood, that the value of it was full 200l.—Mrs. Reed was not dead then—she died about the 6th or 7th of March—that was after I was sent down there—when I called on Mrs. Warner, on the 8th or 9th of March, Mrs. Reed was dead—I saw Mrs. Warner on that occasion, and had some conversation with her—she appeared in very good health, and very good faculties—her spirits were good—I never saw her in the house in Dolphin-place.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When you saw her, did she say her sister had made her will and left her executrix? A. Yes—I asked her to let me see it—she said Mr. Marriott had got it and the lease also—she did not say he had got them with her consent—she did not tell me he had taken the lease away with her consent—she mentioned nothing of that—I saw her again the next morning—she told me the same night that she would get it for me if I wanted to see it—I went the following morning—the then said Mr. Marriott would save me the trouble of interfering in the business—she gave me Mr. Marriott's compliments, and he would take all the trouble from me—Mrs. Warner was slovenly in appearance then, and she stooped—she was one of three sisters—Mrs. Mason, Mrs. Reed, and Mrs. Warner all lived in the house in Cannon-street together—my connexion was with Mrs. Mason—after Mrs. Reed died, Mrs. Warner was left alone in the place—Mrs. Mason had been dead some time—several persons were present when I had that conversation with her—Mr. Marriott was not there.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you know whether Mr. Marriott was related to her at all? A. I believe not, I cannot say positively.





ELIZA LUCK
. I am a charwoman. I know the house in Dolphin-place—I knew it from April, last year, down to February in this year—I attended to the lodgers, and worked for two ladies in the house, No. 2, in which Mrs. Warner lived—she lived in the kitchen, and in the parlour, at first—I was never in the parlour while she was there—I remember her living in the kitchen—I once or twice heard her making a noise, and she told me to let her out, and said it was very cold—I asked her if she had any fire, and she said she had no fire, she had only had fire twice while she was there—she told me this about December or January—when I was talking to her the weather was cold—it was that induced me to ask her—I was outside the room—I could not get in then—I did get in once—the door was locked—she told me there was no fire—I was not able to see that myself—I looked through the window once in the cold weather, and there was no fire—I saw a screen; that was standing so as to prevent a view of the fire-place—it was something like a shutter—it was before the fire-place—I could not see the grate—I did not see into the room when she said she had no fire—when I spoke to her it was through the key-hole—it was a kind of wooden screen—it was close to the grate, to the best of my knowledge—it was not as a cloak to the chimney, but a cloak to the grate—it was close against the grate, so that I could not see it—I cannot tell whether it was

touching the grate—it was large enough to screen the grate—I looked particularly to see if there was any fire, and I could not see any—if there had been a fender before the fire-place, the screen would prevent my seeing that—it was a kind of board, or fire-screen, put against the fire-place—I do not know whether it stood by itself—I could not see any fire, if there had been one, I suppose I should have seen it—the screen was placed up against the fire-place—when I went into the kitchen it was very damp.

Q. How did you get in? A. Mr. Marriott once took the lady some bread and butter, and tea, or something, in a mug—I wanted to go in, to see whether she had any fire—I had spoken to her—it had been reported she was not quite right in her head—I said to Mr. Marriott, "Oh dear, poor creature, she is childish," and she said she was not, nor out of her senses—that was when I went into the kitchen.

Q. How had you got in? A. I was down at the sink, doing some work, and I saw the prisoner open the door and go in, and I went in after him—I am quite sure he unlocked the door, and I followed him in—I saw the fire-place then, and looked at it very particularly—that was when I saw the screen—if there had been a fire in the room I must have observed it—one side of the wall near the dresser was very damp—it was cold weather, in December or January—it was December, to the best of my knowledge—when I got into the room I observed the walls were damp—I did not touch them—I could see damp on the walls near the dresser—the other part did not seem so damp—there was not much furniture in the room—there was no carpet that I could see—it was not such a place as any of the lodgers lived in—it was not so comfortable—I had several opportunities of seeing her while I worked there—I have seen her many times through the window sitting on a chair, looking very disconsolate—nobody was with her, or attending to her, that I saw—she cried very much, and wanted me to let her out—to the best of my knowledge that was not above twice, but she often called to me, saying, "Is that Mr. or Mrs. Marriot?" and saying that she wanted her tea.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you examined before the Coroner? A. No, nor before the Magistrate—I have known the houses in Dolphin-place nearly three years—a Mrs. Benson lived in the kitchen before Mrs. Warner—I cannot say How long, but not long—Mrs. Jolly lived there, but she did not sleep there—she used to cook there—a Mr. Banyon did not occupy it, that I know of—it is a boarded kitchen, with a large window—I cannot exactly say whether the screen was a chimney-board, that fitted in close, but the grate was disguised—I did not go up to it—it stood between me and the grate—I did not notice where the bed was—I did not take much notice of the place—I wanted to look at the old lady—I have seen the prisoner take her tea, about four times, to the best of my knowledge and belief—I heard Mrs. Marriott in there with her once—I worked for Mrs. Wells and Mrs. Lefroy—Mrs. Lefroy lives there now, on the second floor—Mrs. Wells is not there now—to the best of my? knowledge it was in December when I went into the room.





RODERICK NEIL
. I live at No. 16, Brook-street, Holborn, and am a twopenny postman. On the 21st of February last I took a letter directed to Mrs. Warner, to No. 1, Dolphin-court, or place—a female opened the door to me—from what passed with the female I did not leave the letter—I did not think her old enough to give me a decisive answer, and I called the following morning after eight o'clock—the prisoner then opened the door half

way to me, but I can recognise his face—I asked if Mrs. Warner lived there, and he said, "The letter has been round twice, I thought you had a decisive answer, not to take it round the third time"—I had intrusted another man to deliver it previously—when I asked if Mrs. Warner lived there, he said, "No"—I returned the letter through the Post-Office in the ordinary way, under cover, to the writer—I asked the prisoner if he could give me the address, and I would have the letter forwarded to her—he said be did not know her—he denied knowing any thing of her—I asked if she had ever lived there—he said no, he never knew her.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time was this when you asked him if she had ever lived there? A. After eight o'clock, the following morning, the 22 nd—I have heard since that she had been dead two days at that time—I am quite certain about what he said—I did not write it down—his answer was, that he thought I had received sufficient answer not to take it round a third time—my partner had written on it, "Not known as directed, Dolphin-court, High-Holborn."

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did he say one single word about Mrs. Warner lying dead in the house? A. He did not.





JIMSS WOOD
. I reside at No. 6, Sebbons-buildings, Islington. I knew the deceased, Mrs. Warner—I have a letter which I wrote to her—(producing it)—it was returned to me—this is the third letter which has been so returned—it was addressed, to "Mrs. Warner, Mr. Marriott's, Dolphin-court, near Great Turnstile, Holborn."

Cross-examined by
MB. DOANE. Q. Are yon an undertaker? A. I am—I wrote three letters to that address—all have been returned—I believe I did not write more than three—this is my writing—(looking at a letter)—I did not say not more than three, I said I believed not—I had a demand of money on Mrs. Warner.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you know anything about the letter produced? A. It is my writing—I do not know the date of it.





SARAH CRUIKSHANK
. I am the wife of Robert Cruikshank, and live at No. 34, Cannon-street, City. Some day previous to the 10th of October I went with my husband to No. 1, Dolphin-court—I there saw the prisoner and his wife—Mr. Marriott asked me to write an agreement about the house, No. 34, Cannon-street, of which Mr. Cruikshank was to take the upper part—I heard the prisoner mention the name of Mary Warner to his wife—he spoke in an indistinct tone—I could hear nothing more than the Name of Mary Warner—Mrs. Marriott dissented to what he said, whatever it was, and he again repeated it to her, and she again dissented—I asked the prisoner what interest Mrs. Warner had in the house, and he said, "None whatever"—he asked me if I remembered a conversation he had with me respecting the decease of Mrs. Reed—I told him, "Perfectly well"—he said did I not remember he had told me, at Mrs. Reed's decease, that Mrs. Warner was her sister—I inquired in what way Mrs. Warner could be a party to the agreement—his reply was, "None whatever"—he said something about her not being capable of undergoing the fatigue, that at her advanced age she was quite incapable—that he had been accustomed to let lodgings—there was an agreement ultimately signed—I produce it—it is not stamped—after it had been signed I inquired whether Mrs. Warner was a relative, as he seemed to take such an interest in her affairs—he said, "None at all"—he said, respecting the house in Cannon-street, Mrs. Warner having been accustomed to let lodgings, he had taken the

lease of the house of the Pewterers' Company on condition of paying up as arrear of rent; that they had given him four years to pay it by three instalments, 20l. of which he had paid; in consideration of which he had undertaken keep Mrs. Warner comfortable as long as she lived—I wished to purchase some of the furniture, and he said I might make my own selection—he did not say to whom it belonged—I understood it was his own property—he did not speak of it as anybody's property but his own—he appointeda Mr. Kelly to value the furniture in the house in Cannon-street to Mr. Cruikshank, and a Mr. Phillips was appointed to value it for us—the amount of the valuation was 37l. within a few shillings—that has not been paid—we were to pay it to Mr. Marriott.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When the name of Mary Warner was mentioned, and Mrs. Marriott shook her head, did the prisoner say, "Yes, yes, better?" A. He did—the name of Mary Warner was put in the agreement, because Mr. Marriott asked me to do so—I will swear he said he had taken the house of the Pewterers' Company, and was to pay 60l. arrears of rent, and had paid one instalment of 20l.—at the time he said she was no relation of his, he said she was a townswoman of his—I have heard the prisoner say that Mrs. Mason had been living in the house since Mrs. Warner left it, and that she had unfortunately got into the King's Bench prison—I cannot say at what time I heard it—I had every reason to suppose from what passed that the furniture was his—I lived at Dolphin-place for a few days once—I told Mr. Marriott it was different to what I expected, and it did not suit me—I complained that there were persons in and out at night, and it disturbed me—I do not recollect that I complained of any particular person—I really cannot say where the lodgers lived who came in and out, there were so many persons in the house—I lived there a few days previous to the 10th of October.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. While you were living there did you see Mrs. Warner at all? A. I saw her, but was not at all aware who she was until her death—I saw her in passing by a window which looks into an are—I did not notice in what state she was, but I recollect she had on a black gown.





JOHN GREEN TOWERS
. I am clerk to the Pewterers' Company, I am aware of what leases are made by them—no house or premises belonging to the Company would be taken without my knowledge—there was never any premises in Cannon-street let to the prisoner—he never at any time took a lease in any shape from the 'Pewterers' Company—he has paid two instalments of 11l. 15s. each for arrears of rent due from Mrs. Reed—he paid it as her executor—he so stated.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was there not a petition sent in on the part of Mary Warner, the sister of Mrs. Reed, to let her off the arrears, in consideration of her long tenancy? A. There was a memorial sent in in the name of the prisoner—he stated his object to be to serve Mary Warner—the prayer of the petition was not acceded to—he made himself answerable for the amount.

COURT. Q. Did he give a written agreement? A. He signed a memorandum, which I have here.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What time was the petition presented? A. The 8th of April, last year—I think Mrs. Reed died in February, or the beginning of March—I have no recollection of a Mr. Mason of' the Custom-house making an application on behalf of Mrs. Warner.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you sec Mrs. Warner at all when this house

was the subject of conversation?A. I saw her once after the death of Mrs. Reed, but not on this petition—I believe it was before it was presented.





JAMES FORD
. I am a clerk in the Prerogative Office. I produce the original will of Ann Reed—the personal property is sworn under 100l.—I am not able to tell the value of the premises—our act of Court states there was no executor or residuary legatee—Mrs. Warner is named in the will as sister and next of kin.
(The will was here read; it was dated the 26th of March, 1836, bequeathing to Mary Warner all the effects, and the lease of the house in Cannon-street.—Witness, S. MARRIOTT.)

MR. DOANE. Q. These are letters of administration granted to Mrs. Warner by your Court? A. Yes—when a person takes out letters of administration, it is necessary to give two securities—the securities here are C. Cresswell and Simon Marriott—they enter into a bond for the proper administration of the effects—I cannot tell who paid the expenses of taking out these letters—it does not appear to have been taken out by commission, and therefore Mrs. Warner must have personally appeared—the letters were granted the 20th of July, 1837.





CHALES REEPE
. I live at No. 31, Aucit-street, Lambeth. Mrs. Warner's sister was my grandfather's second wife—I remember the death of Mrs. Reeves—I went to her funeral, and saw the prisoner there—after the funeral, he called me on one side, and asked me if I should have any objection to pay for my cloak, and my sister's and brother's also, as he did not wish to put Mary Warner to any expense, he should pay for his—he told me he was left executor—he showed me about a quarter of a sheet of writing paper as a will, and told me he had found it by mere chance lying down on the ground—J observed Mrs. Warner was much grieved, and took a chair, and sat down by the side of her, and told her she should come and live at home with me, and I would make her happy and comfortable for the remainder of her life—her reply was, that it was a kind offer certainly—the prisoner said, "No, no, sir, she shall go home and live along with me, as you are no relation whatever"—I asked him what relation he was—he said he was a townsman, and that he had buried Mrs. Reeves's niter, and it was Mrs. Reeves's wish that he should bury her too, in fact that be was executor—he said "Mrs. Warner is going home to live along with me, until affairs are settled, and I will make her happy and comfortable."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you ever go to make inquiry after Mrs. Warner? A. I asked Mr. Marriott to give me his address—he did so, and I gave it to my sister, who promised to go and see her, but she by chance lost it—I called at the house in Cannon-street, and inquired for the address, but was not able to get it—I did not find her—I first came forward to give evidence at Bow-street—not before the Coroner—it was after I saw in the newspapers that some money was found in a box, and saw Mr. Marriott's name mentioned.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you an interest in any money found in a box? A. None.





JOHN LLEWELEN
. I occupy the ware-house, parlour, kitchen, and cellar of the house, No. 34, Cannon-street, and pay rent for it to the prisoner, 55l. a year—I paid him one quarter's rent last Christmas.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You did not pay taxes? A. No, the rent is exclusive of taxes.






SAMPSON SWENDELL
. I live at No. 7, Drury-lane, and am an undertaker. On the 20th of February, I was employed by Mr. Target, an undertaker, to take a coffin to No. 2, Dolphin-court—I there saw the prisoner and his wife—they went with me into the front kitchen—I there found the corpse of a female lying on a board—I took it from the board, and placed it into the coffin—when we took it off the board, it laid with the knees bent out—that is caused by a body not being laid out properly—it had the appearance to me as though it had died through want—it was in a kitchen below stairs—there was not much furniture in it—there was no carpet, and no bed—there was a tent bedstead, but no fire-irons, no coals, nor any appearance of fire, which made me consider there was very little comfort for a poor old soul to lay there—I had difficulty it placing the body in the coffin, from the position it was in—I could not get the knees down—I was going to put a nail into the coffin to keep the knees down, but I did not, and covered it with a cloth—the prisoner was there part of the time.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you afterwards go with Mr. Target on the day of the funeral? A. I did—I formed an opinion of the person having dieds from starvation, from the external appearances.





ANN PRICE
 (examined by
MR. PAYNE.) I went to live servant with Mrs. Warner in Cannon-street, after the death of her sister, Mrs. Reeves—Mr. Marriott engaged me—I remained in Cannon-street a month or six week I went from there to Dolphin-court at the same time as Mrs. Warner—I lived there rather more than two months—I was examined before the Coroner—I gave evidence before Mr. Minshull, at Bow-street—I was bound over at Bow-street to appear here and give evidence—when Mr. Warner first went to Dolphin-court, she lodged in the back-parlour of No. 2, and remained there three weeks or a month—at that time the kitchen floor was occupied—after that she was removed into the kitchen below—she did not object to it—there was a bedstead there, and two feather beds on it—during the time I was there, I took her meals down to her—it was bread and butter and tea for breakfast, and meat and potatoes for dinner, and bread and butter and a drop of beer for supper—it was pretty good beer—I had the same—it was good meat that she had—I had my dinner with her—I took her out to walk once or twice a week while I was there—I took her out to church on Sundays—Mr. Marriott went into the kitchen on Sunday evenings to read to her—his conduct to her was generally kind—she was lame, and she used a stick—she used to be assisted by my arm when she walked out—I did not think she was quite right in her head at times—when I was not with her, I used to lock the door—Mrs. Marriott used to go to her at times—she was not fit to go out by herself—she used to say sometimes that she could at more food than she had—that was only now and then—she had all her usual meals during the time I was there.

COURT. Q. How long were you there? A. About two months.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long had she been in the room in the area before you left? A. About five weeks I should think—I was there rather more than three months in all—about two months in Dolphin-place—the old lady was in the back parlour about three weeks or a month.





HENRIETTA FILMNGHAM
 (examined by
MR. PAYNE.) I succeeded Ann Price in waiting on Mrs. Warner—I used to take her to church and to take her food—I had my meals with her—I remained there five weeks—she had plenty of wholesome food during the time I was there—we some times

disagreed—I took her out for a walk—I left Mr. Marriott because I and Mr. Warner could never agree—she said she did not want a servant, and could do better without one than with me.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did you leave the service? A. On the 30th July.





WILLIAM HUGHES
. I am a surgeon, residing at No. 90, High-Holborn. on the evening of the 26th of February last, I went to the kitchen of the house, No. 2, Dolphin-place, and found the dead body of a female lying in a coffin—I looked at the body, and then returned to the Coroner's jury—I subsequently made a post-mortem examination—on the view I had of it first it presented an appearance of great emaciation, as if she had died from some lingering disease, or from starvation—on the same day I made a post-mortem examination—the immediate cause of death was water on the brain—I cannot tell what that was produced by—it might have been the conesquence of disease, but I found no disease except water in the centre of the brain—that is sometimes the effect of inflammation in younger subjects, and dometimes the effect of great exhaustion—it may be caused by some disease or by extreme exhaustion—we call inflammation disease—any thing may produce inflammation of the brain may produce effusion of water on the brain—I found no disease in the brain sufficient to produce this water—there was only a very slight appearance of inflammation of the membranes, or what I should call lymph, thrown up on the membranes of the brain which is sometimes, I believe, present without inflammation.

Q. If it does not arise from inflammation, to what other cause can you attribute the appearances? A. To great exhaustion—or excitement may produce it also—it is my opinion that there was no disease apparent that could cause this—there was very great emaciation of the body, and the stomach and bowels were empty, and were collapsed—the heart also was empty, that is, there was a very small quantity of blood in it, not the quantity we usally find in post-mortem examinations.

Q. What in your opinion did that emaciation arise from? A. It is imPossible to answer that question decidedly—it might arise from a want of a proper quantity of food—I am not aware of any thing else—we see that emaciation, when death happens, from diseased lungs; but here the lungs were healthy—water in the brain may be called a disease, but it is more the effect of disease.

COURT. Q. Was it that inflammation being there, the result of the inflammation was water? A. Yes, when the water comes, the inflammation ceases—there are at times, besides water, other appearances to show there has been inflammation, such as large quantities of lymph.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. If there had been such inflammation as to cause if scretion of water, would there be appearances of that left? A. I should think so. and such inflammation must occasion pain; but what pain depends on what we call acute or chronic—I think that is such a disease as would require the attendance of medical men—death could not be caused by such a disease without there being the appearance of indisposition—it my opinion that the secretion of water was caused by exhaustion—had all the appearances of being an old woman—I think that remaining for days and nights in a room without fire of any kind would be productive of injury to a woman of her age—I saw the kitchen in which her body was—I did not much notice the place, but, without a fire, I should say it was not fit for anybody to remain in with such weather as we have had last winter—the exposure in such a


room might destroy life; first by producing excitement, and then exhaustion—confinement, in any room, of a person against their will, might produce it, more especially a woman in her reduced state, and at her age.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I suppose by emaciation you mean there was scarcely any flesh to the body, but the skin adhering to it? A. Yes; as complete a state of emaciation as ever I saw, as if in the last stage of consumption—that is not often the case with old persons, unless they have some organic disease—if there was an effusion of water on the brain, produced by exhaustion, there might not be some appearance of effusion of water in other parts—I will not swear there would not be—excitement is usually followed by great exhaustion—I am quite certain death was caused by water on the brain—I am not quite certain that water on the brain must have been produced by exhaustion—by exhaustion, I mean that state of collapse which you see after great excitement—I may explain further, by saying, when a person has lost a large quantity of blood, that will produce exhaustion and death, a diminished supply of blood not sufficient to support life—emptiness of the intestines might probably be produced by other causes than withholding food—I found no cause on examination sufficient to account for the emptness of the stomach—vomiting for some time before death may account for it, or other causes—there are cases of disease, for instance, stricture in the throat; but that would be visible—I never met in my practice a case in which water in the brain was produced by want of food—I never read in the course of my medical education any case to that effect.

MR. MBALLANTJNE. Q. In your experience, you never met with a person starved to death? A. Never—the appearances on all parts of the body betokened the want of proper food and nourishment.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Can you tell us whether the state of the body did or did not betoken an incapacity to derive nourishment from food? A. No it did not—I found no disease—that is the only thing that would incapacitate the person who had food offered to them.

MR. BALLANTINE.. Q. From the appearance of the stomach could the person have taken any food within a reasonable time? A. Not within some hours previous to death—I should say twelve hours—I saw the body in the kitchen—there were no marks of vomiting pointed out to me—she had been dead a week when I examined her.





JOHN GREEN TOWERS

re-examined. The lease of the house in Cannon-street has about eight years to run—the rent is 50l. a year—I do not know what the taxes are—there have been some repairs done to the house.
(Richard Roe, carpenter and builder, and Ann Roe, his wife, 2, Dolphin-place; William Masson, clerk in the Custom House; Matthew Clarke, 2, Dolphin-place; Thomas Walklet, cordwainer, South-street, Finsbury Market; Richard Walters, Stacy-street, Compton-street, Soho; Thomas Walton, tailor, East-street, Finsbury Market; William Price, compositor 3, Dolphin-place; James Duffil, broker, 44, Wild-street, Lincoln's innfields; Mary Newman, 24, Rutland-street; Elizabeth Paulden, Artichoke court, Cannon-street; and John Felgate, broker and builder, York-street Commercial-road; gave the prisoner a good character for humanity and kindness of disposition.)




GUILTY
. of Manslaughter only. Aged 48.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
