



1958. 



MICHAEL SULLIVAN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




George John Taylor, about the hour of one in the night of the 
4th of August, at 
St. Dunstan, Stebonheath, alias Stepney
, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 coats value 2l.; five pairs of boots, value 30s.; 1 table-cloth, value 15s.; 1 table-cover, value 5s.; 1 hat, value 7s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 1 gown, value 4s.; 2 spoons, value 3s. 6d.; 4 castor-tops, value 6s.; and 1 basket, value, 2s.; his goods.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution,





GEORGE JOHN TAYLOR
. I live in Arbour-square, Commercial-road, in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney, or Stebonheath, and am a wharfinger at the West India Dock. On Friday night, the 4th of August, I examined every door, and saw they were fast, at a little before twelve o'clock—I did not fasten the house up myself—I was awoke next morning about half-past five o'clock, and went down stairs about six o'clock—I found the yard door open—I went down stairs, and the back-kitchen door was open—the back kitchen shutters had been forced, and a piece of glass taken from the side of one of the windows—an instrument passed through to remove the latch, and the parties had there made an entry—the front-parlour door was also open, and the kitchen door was forced from within—it had been locked outside—I missed the property stated, which is worth about 6l.—I will not undertake to say positively that it is worth 5l.—I found some phosphorus matches in the parlour—the parlours had been ransacked, and a caddy spoon taken from the tea caddy—I found the top of a lucifer-box in the parlour, and a hat in the yard, with two pieces of candle in it—I lost a hat myself, the crape was taken off it and left there—I found footmarks, but the soil was dry, and they were imperfect—there were also footmarks in Mr. Wright's garden, which is three doors off—I called in two policemen, and gave them the hat—I believe this to be the same.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Have you recovered any part of your articles? A. No—my hat was a black one—it was one I wore daily—I have seen a hat which was found on the prisoner—that is not mine.





WILLIAM CROW
. I live in Vinegar-lane, Commercial-road—I sell coffee, and keep a stall, at the corner of Jamaica-street, about three or four hundred yards from Mr. Taylor's house. On Friday night, the 4th of August, the prisoner had a cup of coffee at my stall, between twelve and one o'clock—he turned down Jamaica-street—you may go to Arbour square that way.


Cross-examined. Q. How many customers had you? A. I cannot tell—I had not many—I had some before, and later than that.





RICHARD HARDING
 (police-constable K 191.) On Friday night, the 4th of August, about half-past eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoner standing close by the toll-bar, at the west end of Arbour-square, just at the entrance of the square, about ten or twelve yards from Mr. Wright's, he was dressed in a flannel jacket—I did not notice his hat.





SAMUEL PERKINS
 (police-constable K 117.) I was employed by the Superintendent, with Clay, to trace this robbery—Clay produced a hat to me, which I recognised as belonging to the prisoner, who I knew perfectly well—I believe it to be his hat—in consequence of that, and receiving information, I went in pursuit, and found him on Tuesday night, the 8th—I said, "There is suspicion of your having committed a burglary in Arbour-square"—he said he had heard something about it, and he had a great mind to go to the office—I took him to the station-house, and found about 2s. 9d. on him, and a new hat on his head—I had never seen him with that on before—the hat that was found on the premises was placed on his head, and he said himself that it fitted him, and it did exactly fit him—we took off his shoes, and went to Mr. Wright's garden, and some adjacent gardens, where marks were left very distinctly in the mould, and in two or three we found one of the shoes particularly corresponded with the marks—there is something particular about the heel of the right shoe—the tip is put on in rather a clumsy way, and leaves the leather projecting beyond the tip, and that made a nook in the mould, exactly fitting that part—the shoe is very wide, and in one footmark the toe touches the leather as well as the sole—there was the print of the sole, and where the upper leather had made an impression in the ground, as the sole was worn—I saw the shoe on his foot, but cannot say it projected then, but it is worn as if it had been on the ground—I have not a doubt this is the shoe which made the impression on the ground—I compared them on Wednesday—I had seen the same marks on the Monday.

Cross-examined. Q. When the prisoner said he had heard of the robbery and thought of going to the office, you understood he meant to offer himself to be taken? A. Yes—the hat produced is a much older hat than this—I had not seen him for five or six weeks before the robbery—I did not make any impression by the side of the footmark—it is a common shoe, but has a particular wear—he went with me willingly—I only examined one shoe—the ground was rather dry.





WILLIAM CLAY
 (police-constable K 278.) I received a hat from the inspector on duty—I showed it to Perkins, and was in his company when we apprehended the prisoner—we had been three days in search of him—we went to a great many places to find him—I took the two shoes off his feet—I compared the length of his shoe with mine, and found it corresponded according to my idea of the track in the garden—I went next morning to Taylor's garden—one mark had been erased, and it did not correspond—I gave Perkins the shoe to compare in the next garden, and he found marks corresponding—I then examined it myself—the heel, length and breadth, and the substance of the sole formed a sort of shelf—the tip is not put on well on the heel, and that made a sort of shelf in the impression—I could form no other opinion but that it was made by the shoe—it corresponded in all respects.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you put the shoe on the foot mark? A. I did—previous to putting it into the mark I examined it very minutely, and

compared the shoe with the end, and laid it in very lightly, so that there should be no pressure—we afterwards put a pan over the footmark, so that nothing should interfere with it—on the night of the robbery the ground was rather moist—we met the prisoner in Ratcliffe-highway when we took him; he was coming towards the station-house—it was near nine o'clock in the evening.





WILLIAM WRIGHT
. I am a cutler, and am a neighbour of Mr. Taylors'. On Saturday, the 5th of August, I observed some strange foot-marks in my garden—about half-past eight o'clock on the Wednesday morning following I saw Clay compare a shoe with the footmarks, and they corresponded exactly with the shoe.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there any other marks made before that time? A. No—it was on the flower-bed, not in the footpath.





HENRY PARKER
. I am a police-sergeant. On Friday night, the 4th of August, about a quarter to eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoner in company with another, at the corner of Angel-gardens, Ratcliff-highway—I knew him, and told him to go on—he went on towards King David-lane, which leads towards Arbour-square, and is within five minutes' walk—a hat was shown to me at the station-house—I have been in the habit of seeing the prisoner for some considerable time—to the best of my belief it was his hat, and the one he had on the Friday night—it has a peculiar curl to what hats generally have—he has tried the hat on in my presence, and said it fitted him—I recognised the hat immediately it was shown to me—I said, "That is your hat, Sullivan, put it on"—he put it on, and said it fitted him—when I saw him on the Saturday night he had a new hat on.

MR. TAYLOR. This is the hat which was left on my premises; here is the grease of the candle inside, and it has the same maker's name.

JURY
to
RICHARD HARDING. Q. Here is a spike in this shoe, was there any mark of that? A. The spike at that time was more down in the leather—the ground just there was much harder than at the other part—the pressure was at the toe and heel—the spike, being in the centre, would not touch the ground.




GUILTY* of breaking and entering, but not Burglary. Aged.—


Confined 2 Months, and then 


Transported for Life.
