





1832. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LUCAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously forging a bill of exchange
            , which is as follows:-
Maindenhead, June 24, 1832.
Sirs, - Pay to Mr. Murdy, or order, on demand, 99l. 10s., on account of, Your obedient servant, 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  POLE
               



            .
Messrs. Childs, Temple-bar, London, with intent to defraud 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wormald
                  



               
             and others.
2nd COUNT, for uttering the same, knowing it to be forged, with the like intent.
3rd COUNT, for forging an endorsement on the said bill in the name of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Murdy
                  



               
            .
4th COUNT, for feloniously uttering the said endorsement.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  WORMALD
               



            , JUN. I am a clerk in the banking-house of Messrs. Childs and Co.; my father, 
               
                  John 
                  Wormald
               



            , is the senior partner
 - there are four others. On the 3rd of July I was present in the banking-house when the prisoner came, and produced a bill of exchange for payment; he was asked how he came by it, and said he had it in a letter from France that morning; I do not know whether he said from Calais or not - we detained him; he told us where he lodged - we sent an officer to the place, and he brought two letters; (looking at the bill) - I believe this to be an imitation of the signature of Sir William Pole, who has kept cash at our house eighteen years.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. At what time did he come? A. Between three and four o'clock; he presented the draft to another clerk, who handed it to me for examination, and the prisoner was desired to walk into another room, which he did; he was then told, in my presence that we suspected it to be a forgery, and that he must account for the way he came in possession of it - he said he had it in a letter which he received that morning from France, and may have mentioned the town for what I know- he wrote a letter himself to desire the letters might be given up to the officer, who came back within two hours, or it might be but one hour, but I went home within two hours of the transaction; he remained in our counting-house waiting the officer's return, and gave us the information without the least hesitation - this erasure was on the draft when I received it.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Could he have got away? A. Not very well; there was an officer in the adjoining room - he said he received the draft from a person named Emerson; that he had received that letter from him, that he was acquainted with Emerson, but what else I do not recollect; the draft was presented between three and fouro'clock; I dined at the banking-house at four - I came from dinner soon after five o'clock, and left at half-past.
COURT. Q. How does Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Pole
               



             sign his name to drafts? A. In the manner this is signed.
Sir 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TEMPLE POLE
               



            , BART. Previous to the discovery of this forgery, I always drew drafts in the name of William only - not a letter of this draft is in my writing; it very much resembles it, certainly, but I have not the least hesitation in swearing not a letter of it is my writing, nor do I know the person in whose favour it is drawn.
Cross-examined. Q. Did a female, in the name of Emerson, apply to you for charity? A. Many years ago a woman, describing herself as the wife of a clerk in the Custom-house, applied to me, and begged as a matter of charity that I would take some drawings of her, and I gave her what I considered more than the value of them; I frequently relieved her, till at last I found her applications troublesome - I never saw her, and do not know her age.
Q. Did you not send her a cheque for 3l.? A. She sent me a letter previous to the 23rd of April this year, and I sent a respectable tradesman to inquire if she was a fit object of charity; I sent her a cheque for 3l. 1s. - the 1s. was to cover the expences of postage; that was this year.
Q. So that if she happened to have a son, he had an opportunity of seeing your hand-writing? A. Yes.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you empower her or any body else to draw in your name? A. Never - I know nothing of the prisoner - (the draft was here put in and read).


                  JOHN 
                  CHADWICK
               



            . I am an officer of the City Police. I was called into Child's banking-house, and saw the prisoner there; I stood in the banking-house, and heard Mr. Wormald ask how he came by the cheque: he said he had it in a letter from France, from a person named 
               
                  William 
                  Emerson
               



            ; that he was quite innocent of knowing it to be forged, and was very sorry he had had any thing to do with it - he did not, in my presence, say how he became acquainted with Emerson; I remained there while Edwards went to his lodging; he was gone about an hour, or an hour and three-quarters, and brought two letters with him - while he was gone, the prisoner said nothing to me about Emerson.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you remain in the same room with the prisoner? A. I did not all the time - he wished to write a letter; I was absent from the room all the time Edwards was gone - I did not tell him I was going to wait.
Q. For what he knew, you might be gone? A. Yes; I am sure he told Mr. Wormald he was quite innocent of knowing any thing of the forgery - he manifested no inclination to escape; when asked how he came by the draft, I believe he gave an answer without hesitation - while Edwards was gone, he wrote a letter, which I took from him; he gave it to me to send to France, but I told him I should take possession of it, and keep it; it was not sealed; I had my officer's uniform on.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. It was undirected as well as unsealed? A. Yes; I took it from him; he did not give it to me - there were several people in the banking-house, backwards and forwards, and five or six clerks, quite sufficient to detain him, if he attempted to escape.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How came the letter not directed? A. Because I took it from him; he said he wanted it to go to Emerson, in France - he did not say to what part - I took it from him before he had an opportunity of directing it; I took it from him because I thought it would be the means of enabling other persons to escape.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I belonged to the City Police, but have since resigned. I was fetched to Child's bankinghouse, and received a paper from a clerk, who directed me to No. 23, Barret-street, Vauxhall - it is about two miles and a half from Child's; I went, and saw Mrs. Elsgood, the landlady of the house - I made application for a letter; having left directions with her not to give them to any body but his aunt - she would not give them up; but on telling her who I was, she gave me these two letters in the ground floor back room - she took them out of a trunk - I had no conversation with the prisoner about them.
MR. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  TENNANT
               



            , JUN. I am one of the firm of Tennant, Harrison, and Co.; our house are the acting solicitors for Child's house, but we have given the formal part of this business out of our hands. When the prisoner was taken into custody I was fetched to the banking-house, and saw him there - he said he had been for some time living about the town, that he was formerly clerk to Richards, Clark, and Co., of Lincoln's Inn-fields, but not liking the profession of the law, he had quitted it, and that he been entirely dependent since he left their office on the charity of his aunt, Mrs. or Miss Langton - I think he said she was unable to support him, being in very indifferent circumstances herself, and that she had been without any occupation for some time; with regard to his knowledge of Emerson, he said he had met him but a short time before this at a billiard-table; that his acquaintance with Emerson was very slight - I remarked on his making an acquaintance at a billiard-room, and asked how he could undertake to tender that bill for payment, received under such suspicious circumstances (meaning the slight acquaintance he had, and meeting him only at a billiard-room) - he said Emerson had left London to go to Calais only about three days before; I asked if he had any idea or notion why Emerson went over to Calais - he said he did not know why he went, and that the circumstance of his sending the bill had excited his surprise, and made him suspect there was something wrong about it; the rest of our conversation related principally to a letter he wrote to his aunt, enclosing the letter he had received from Emerson - he said he had enclosed the letter he received from Emerson to his aunt; the letter he spoke of was then in my hands(looking at two letters) - these are them; I asked him if this letter was his writing; he said it was - I expressed my regret at the production of that letter, and stated to him that letter showed a guilty knowledge - he was a good deal confused at that, and said he certainly had some suspicion about the transaction when he wrote that letter.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he confine his acquaintance with this young man, to the billiard-room? A. Entirely - he said he first became acquainted with him in a billiard room, and that he had a short acquaintance with him since- I did not ask him the precise time that the acquaintance began; I asked how long he had known him, and he said a short time - I did not press that inquiry further; I did not ask if he had visited Emerson at the Clarence hotel,nor whether he had gone to Bath with him - he admitted at once that the letter was his hand-writing; he told me he was to receive from Emerson a sum of money when he delivered the proceeds of the bill; I cannot tell the precise sum; I certainly asked him - I think it was about 15l., but am not sure about it.
Q. Did you ask how it happened that he was to receive 15l.? A. I did - his answer was that it was for his trouble; I have been an attorney about fifteen years: I made these inquiries with a view of seeing whether I could with propriety advise his discharge - I had not the slightest notion of giving evidence when I came into Court, and I reluctantly give it; I did not expect to be called - I did not tell our agent what had passed between me and the prisoner - a note was sent up to me, to know if I could confirm Mr. Wormald's evidence, and I have confirmed it - I believe it is stated in the brief that Mr. Wormald would prove the prisoner's stating his acquaintance with Emerson commenced in a billiard-room, as I thought he was present - I believe I stated in the brief (the heads of which I drew up myself) the conversation I had with the prisoner, and that the acquaintance began in a billiard-room; but I have had no conversation with the agent about it.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is Mr. Harrison, who sits by me. instructing me in the case, your partner? A. Yes - I drew out general instructions for the brief, but have never seen the brief itself; I drew up what was necessary for it: I cautioned the prisoner all along against making commucation to me, and when I saw this letter I told him not to say another word, as the law must take its course. - (Letters read.)
(No. 1.) Simmond's Hotel, Calais, July 2, 1832.
DEAR HARRY, - We arrived here on Saturday morning, at one o'clock, so you see, we came over here in sixteen hours - I have enclosed in this, a draft on Messrs. Childs, and Co., for 99l. 10s., which you must go and get, and then meet me in Paris, at the Poste-restant, or office, as quick as possible; you will have to sign your name at the back of the draft, when you get it, and come to me immediately - you may spend between you and Carley, 9l. 10s. in coming over, but pray do not be extravagant - Paris is seventy-five leagnes from Calais, so you will be thirty-six hours going to Paris from Calais - do not let any one know that you or Carley are coming to Paris, and for fear of mistake tear this letter up. I must now conclude, - Your's sincerely, 
               W. LEA EMERSON
            .
You may bring Carley with you or not, as you like; do not let him see this - get me a 50l. note, a 20l., and 29l. in gold.
Dear Harry, - do not betray my trust; I have always thought well of you, and will reward you when you get to Paris - I shall expect you on Friday at Paris; as the cheque is made in Mr. Murdy's name, you must say you came from him - 
               
                  Charley 
                  Phillips
               



             wants you to call at his house to see his father, and get something.
This letter had the Calais post-mark of the 2nd of July, and the London mark of the 3rd of July.(No. 2.) July 3, 1832.
DEAR AUNT, - I am much surprised at not having had an answer to my letter of the 28th of June; I received yours of that date, which was of course no answer to mine - I am obliged to go to Paris immediately, as you will see by the enclosed, which I beg of you to keep as if it was the crown of England; I am sorry I cannot see you before I go - farewell, 
               H. 
            LUCAS.(No. 3.)
DEAR BILL, - What have you been about; the draft you sent me to get changed for you, is a forgery - I will use no disguise to get you to return to London, but have to inform you this: that if you do not, I must be answerable for it.
Temple-bar, July 3, 1832. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  LUCAS
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord, I cannot state further than my counsel has stated; I received the letter from my friend in Calais - I had asked if I could go over with him- he said, "No, I shall want you to do something for me in a day or two, and come over to me;" I received the letter, and took the draft to Childs' - they detained me, and told me it was a forgery.
One witness deposed to the prisoner's good character.




               GUILTY of uttering only
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
