



970. 




JOHN BEAL
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Lincoln, on the 
11th of March, at 



St. Marylebone, and stealing therein, 9 spoons, value 2l. 14s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 12s.; 1 necklace, value 1l.; 1 seal, value 1l.; 4 rings, Joe 1l.; 1 brooch, value 8s.; 1 coat, value 1l. 10s.; 1 boa, value 10s.; 1 scarf, value 1l. 10s.; 3 shirts, value 12s.; 20 keys, value 10s.; 20lbs. eight of tea, value 4l. 10s.; 1 cash-box, value 10s.; 2 purses, value 6d.; 10 shillings, and 6 shillings in copper money; his goods and monies.






JOSEPH LINCOLN
. I live in New Church-street, Marylebone, and am a grocer. I only rent the two parlours, shop, kitchen, and vault—there is an open passage for all the lodgers—I have no outer door to my apartments—I have a door that opens into the passage—these apartments are my dwelling-house—the prisoner formerly lived in the same house, but had left—I and my wife went out about three o'clock in the afternoon, on Sunday, the 11th of March—I locked the door of the shop, and put the key under the hearth-rug—I locked the door that led into the passage—no one was left in my part of the house—I had also a key of the street-door—it goes with a spring-lock—I fastened it when I went out—as I walked along, I saw the prisoner about 150 yards from my house—I asked him How his wife did—he replied, "I believe, pretty well"—I went to Little Marylebone-street, and then to Paddington-chapel—at seven o'clock I was called, and came home about ten minutes past seven o'clock—I found the policeman there, and the three rooms all in an uproar, strewed with papers and tea, and every place ransacked—when I left I had nine spoons—they were worth 2l.; and sugar-tongs, 20lbs. of tea, and other things, to the value of 10l. 3s. 7d.—I lost a cash-box and canvas bag—I have since seen the cash-box and bag—they are mine—that is all I have seen.





REBECCA LINCOLN
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I accompanied my husband—when I came home I saw the drawers all open—I missed a necklace, two plain gold rings—a gold keeper, a gold brooch, a fur boa, a silk scarf, a bag, and other things, to the value of 7l.—I have not seen any of them since.





JOHN WICKHAM DAW
. I live on the second floor of this house. I remember on that Sunday afternoon a knock at the door—there was a man there with magazines and the prisoner—I bought one magazine of the man, and he went away—Mr. Beal asked me if anybody had been there for him that morning—I said, "No"—he told me to go to ask Mrs. Lincoln—I tapped at the door, and she said, "No."





JOHN GEORGE PRATT
. I am a policeman. I received information from some children, and I went, about seven o'clock, to the prosecutor's house—the place was all in confusion—the drawers were open—some persons had been in the place before I got there—the doors did not appear to have been forced—I went into the bed-room, and the things were all strewed about, and on the table I found this chisel—the tea was strewed about in the shop, and the acidulated drops and other things—I went to the prisoner's house, No. 9, Little Carlisle-street, about nine o'clock—no one was

at home—I saw the prisoner coming along the street about half past nine o'clock—his door was open—I knew him by the description—when he got in, I knocked at the door—he came—I asked if his name was Beal—he said, "No"—I told him whether his name was Beal or not, he must go with me—I wanted him—he made no answer, but went with me—as I was taking him to the station-house, I asked him if he knew Mr. Lincoln—he said he did—I asked if he had seen him that day—he said he had.

Prisoner. Instead of saying my name was not Beal, I said "Why." Witness. He said distinctly, "No."





JOSEPH NIFTON
 (police-constable D 118.) The prisoner was brought to the station-house—I took charge of him—he had been there between five and ten minutes, and said he wanted to go to the water-closet—I said before he went I would search him—I found four half-crowns and 6d., sixteen duplicates, this screw-driver, a quantity of farthings, and halfpence, a tobacco-box, and in this canvas bag ten halfpence and two penny pieces—the prosecutor identified the bag—the prisoner went to the water-closet—I watched him—he was there ten minutes—he came out again and stood with me a few minutes, and then said he wanted to go again—I allowed him to do so—he was there three or four minutes, and as he was leaving I heard some money drop—I examined the water-closet, and found two farthings and some tea, after I had searched him.





REBECCA LINCOLN

re-examined. I made this bag, and it was in the cash-box when I left home that day—I had about a shilling's worth of farthings—they were gone—they were in the apartments, not in the cash-box.





JOHN RYAN
. I am a police-sergeant. I was at the station-house when the prisoner was brought there—I went to the water-closet, and found two farthings, and some tea—a woman came afterwards and asked if a person of the name of Beal was there—she said she was his wife—we said "Yes"—she had these keys in her hand—I asked what they were—she said, one was of the door where she lived, No. 9, Carlisle-street—I went there and the key did not fit, and then I tried the room door and this key did not fit—I then went to Lincoln's, and this one key fitted the outer door, and the other fitted the parlour door.





THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
. I am a police-sergeant. I went to the prisoner's lodgings and found this cash-box under the bed, at No. 9, Carlisle-street, also a dark lantern.

MRs. LINCOLN
re-examined. This is my husband's cash-box.

Prisoner's Defence. I left my wife in the morning at half-past eight o'clock, and never saw her again till she came to the station-house—she had the keys in her possession all the day, and brought them to the station-house—they do belong to the lodgings I occupy—the back parlour door and the front door—I saw Mr. Lincoln in the afternoon, and was not at home again till the officer took me about nine o'clock—the four half-crowns found on me I have had above a week—when I went home in the evening, I found the bag on the table.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.
