



2166. 




CHARLES STEVENS
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a counterfeit half-crown; he having been previously convicted of a like offence.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to her Majesty's Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Charles Stevens at the Central Criminal Court, in April Sessions, 1835—I have examined it with the original record in Mr. Clark's office, and it is a true copy—(read.)





WILLIAM DYKE
. I am a constable. I know the prisoner—in April Sessions, 1835, I was present in this Court when he was tried for passing two counterfeit half-crowns at Greenwich—he is the person who was convicted of that.





JAMES WATSON
. I am a bookseller in the City-road. On the 18th of August, the prisoner came to my shop, about nine o'clock in the evening, and asked for a Penny Magazine—he tendered half-a-crown which I looked at—I was doubtful whether it was good or bad, and would not changed it, rather suspecting it—I showed it to three or four persons in the shop, who

examined it—I did not lose sight of it—I told him I should not give it up to him, as it was a had one—he said he had taken it—I said I should tin it till he brought some respectable person who could testify to his character—he went away, saying he would bring somebody to do so—I put the half-crown in a place under the counter, separate from any other money—it remained there from the Saturday evening the 18th, till the following Monday week, the 27th, when I gave it to the policeman—I did not see the prisoner again till he was in custody.

Prisoner. He said at Worship-street he was not positive of me. Witness. I am quite positive he is the man—he was there three or four minutes—I have two gas lights in my shop.





ELIZA COOME
. I live in the same house as Mr. Watson. I saw the prisoner there on the 18th of August, when he came to buy a penny pamphlet, and tendered half-a-crown—he is the same man.





WILLIAM HARDY COLLETT
. I am an engineer. On the 18th of August, I was in Mr. Watson's shop when the prisoner came, and tendered be half-crown—he is the man.





JOSEPH STANNARD
. I am a policeman. On the 27th of August, I received half-a-crown from Mr. Watson—I have kept it ever since, and now produce it—in consequence of information given me by Watson, I was present when our Inspector took the prisoner into custody on August 31.





MARY ANN LANE
. I am in the service of Mr. O'Brien who keeps the Baker and Basket public-house in Worship-street. On Friday the 31st of August, about eleven o'clock, the prisoner came in with another man and called for a pint of porter—I served him, and he paid me half-a-crown which I threw into the till with the halfpence—there was silver there, but no half-crown, I am quite sure—I gave him the change—they did not stay to drink the beer, but poured part of it into another person's pot, and left—in consequence of that I went to the till and examined the half-crown—I had not been away from it more than two or three minutes—on examining I found it was bad—I went to the door and saw them going up Curtain-road—I came back and was in the act of taking the half-crown from the till again to take it to my mistress, when the officer came in, and I gave it to him—I saw the prisoner in custody in five or six minutes.

Primer. Did you not put it in with the rest of the silver? Witness. No, with the halfpence.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Why did you put it with the halfpence? A. I very frequently do in a hurry—I am certain there was no other in any part of the till.





DENNIS HUDE
. On the morning of the 31st of August, I saw the prisoner in Worship-street go into two or three houses, and at last into the Baker and Basket with another person—I did not see him come out, but I got information from other officers, and went to the house, and received from Mary Ann Lane this half-crown which I gave Mr. Field.





DAVID CORSTOPHAN
. I am a police-inspector. I was near the Baker and Basket on the 31st of August, and inconsequence of information from Hude, I followed the prisoner and took him into custody, with another who was afterwards discharged—I searched the prisoner and found a crown-piece, 2s. and 4d. in copper, all good money, on him.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am Inspector of Coins to her Majesty's Mint I have examined the half-crowns—they are both counterfeit in all respects.


Prisoner's Defence. I was never inside the magazine shop.




GUILTY
.—Aged 22.—


Transported Fifteen Years.
