



1882. 




RICHARD SMITH
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Sams, about three o'clock in the night of the 
20th of July, at 
St. Andrew's, Holborn, with intent to steal.






JOHN SAMS
. I am a victualler, and live in the parish of St. Andrew's, Holborn. On the night of the 26th of July, between two and three o'clock, I was disturbed by an alarm that thieves were in the house—I immediately ran down stairs, and found the door leading from the yard into the house broken open—I had fastened it myself the night before with bolts—the bolts were forced off by main force—I found the private door leading into the passage open—that is another door leading into Fox-court—I had fastened it myself the night before with a bolt, a bar, and a chain—it had been unfastened inside-no violence had been used to that—it had been unfastened as I should have done it myself—on discovering that open I found an officer, another man, and the prisoner, standing at the door, in Fox-court, which leads from Brook-street into Gray's Inn-lane—my house is in Brook-street—the constable came inside, and we examined the place-nothing was said at the door in the prisoner's hearing, to my knowledge—we found another door had been attempted to get into the parlour—we saw where some one had been trying to force it open—some kind of bar had broken the wood away of the door leading to the parlour—there were marks on the door-post, as if an instrument had been put in to force it open—we afterwards went into the yard, to found an attempt had been made underneath the window—it seemed to have forced through the wooden wall which is the partition of the dwelling-house—after that I found a pane of glass broken—that was all I observed-nothing was said to the prisoner in my presence, but he was in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. You were not disturbed by hearing any thing yourself, but by the cries of people who found it out? A. Yes-Thurling was with the prisoner.





HENRY WILLIAM THURLING
. I lodge in the prosecutor's house. I remember returning home on the night in question about three o'clock-when I got home I rang the bell at the private door in Fox-court—I stood about a minute, and then heard something slip from the back wall behind, it sounded like somebody dropping from the wall, which is in Fox-court—I vent round to the corner immediately to see how the noise was occasioned—it is but a small angle-when I got round that corner I saw the prisoner in the act of getting up from the pavement—he had been down on the ground—the wall he came over separates the yard from the court—I did not see him come over the wall—I heard him fall from it—it is between Fox-court and the yard—it is about ten feet high—he was about five feet from the back door leading into the yard—I called on him to surrender, and give an account of himself-as soon as he got up he ran away from me, in indirection of Gray's Inn-lane—I called on him to stop and give an account of himself, which he said he would not-his precise expression I cannot recollect, but it was to the effect that he would not—I rather think it was that he would see me d-d first—he ran on—I ran after him about twenty yards, and then came close on him-when he found that I gained close on him, he turned round and put himself in a threatening position—he had an instrument in his hand, and with the darkness of the morning, I could not distinguish what it was, but it appeared to me, as he held it under his arm, concealing part of it, to be

like the barrel of a pistol—he held it towards me, and told me to keep off—I was rather alarmed, and did as he required me—I did not rush immediately on him, and then he ran away again, through several courts—I followed him, and called "Police"-a policeman came up, and joined in the pursuit—we then came into Brook-street—I heard something fall on the pavement like iron or steel—it appeared to be thrown from the prisoner's hand—the policeman called out, "Keep him in sight, and I will pick this up"—we ran through several more courts, which I never went through before, and ultimately into Gloucester-court, Holborn, without coming into Holborn—I there overtook him, sufficiently to stop him, and he put himself in a fighting position, but I detained him there till the policeman arrived, and he was taken into custody—we brought him back to Mr. Sams's door, and Mr. Sams was then at his door—I accompanied the prisoner and policeman to the station-house—I only lost sight of him at the times he went round the corners of the courts—he was not ten yards before me all the way—I pursued, and saw nobody before me but him and the policeman—he slipped round the corners very quickly-as soon as I got round the corner, I saw him still running before me.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. That was Sams's bell that yon rang in Fox-court? A. Yes—I lodge in the house—the front-door it not in Fox-court—the back-door leads to the private part of the house—I afterwards examined the premises—I found the back-door, leading from the house to the yard, had all the bolts drawn back—I examined the door that led into the passage—there had been no violence used to that which leads to Fox-court—it appeared to have been unbolted, unbarred, and un-chained—there was nothing to prevent a person getting out at that door, instead of going over the wall, unless a person stood there—the violence was used to the back-door, leading from the passage to the yard and to the parlour-window, a square of glass was nearly taken out of the window, looking from the parlour into a yard—there are no shutters to the windows-when I observed this, I was outside the house—I can swear the marks of violence must have been made from the outside—it was so dark, I thought he had a pistol-at the distance he stood from me, I could not tell whether what appears was a crow-bar was a pistol—I was alarmed—I did not withdraw; I stood on the defensive—I put myself in a position to prevent his running away, if he had fired and missed me—I had been out on business at a club, held at the Hole-in—the-wall, Chancery-lane—I am an officer of the club, and was engaged in that business until two o'clock—it is a burial—society—it was a quarterly meeting, and I cannot begin business till ten o'clock—I was engaged receiving contributions from different members, and paying money due from the society—we had refreshments—I am quite sure I am not mistaken in the man—it was not so dark but that I could see him—I did not lose sight of him in Brook-street, except merely at the corner.





JOHN ARCHER
. I am a policeman. About three o'clock on the night in question, I heard the cry of "Police"—I went up in the direction of the cry, and saw Thurling and the prisoner standing a few yards apart, in Fox-court—I made towards them, and immediately the prisoner saw me he ran away and Thurling after him—we followed him up and down several courts—the prisoner then ran into Brook-street—I had nearly got to him then-Thurling was close by meat the time, and in Brook-street I saw him throw this thing from his hand, it is termed a jemmy—he ran on—I told Thurling to keep him in sight, and I would pick up what he had thrown

away—I did so, and produce it—it is turned at both ends—I then followed him till I got into Gloucester-court—I there found Thurling keeping him in bay and secured him—I took him back to Sams's house—I compared the instrument with the back door leading into the yard, and found all the bolts forced off the door-in several places there were impressions on the door-post and door too—I tried the jemmy with them, and they exactly corresponded—I have no doubt of their being made with such an instrument—I examined an inner door leading from the passage to the parlour—there were marks on the door and door-post, and they corresponded with the instrument—I found a square of glass broken in the back window, part of it was in the parlour and part outside—I found a ladder standing against the wall in the yard to enable a person to get over—that is the wall parting the yard from Fox-court—the bottom of the ladder was about four feet from the door—I found nothing on the prisoner but part of a lucifer-box, but no matches—I found in the house the paper that is used to get the light with.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. When the prisoner was taken he was covered with mud, I believe? A. Yes, and white, and the wall of the yard was white.





JOHN SAMS

re-examined. The ladder in the yard belonged to a painter, who was painting the house—I went to bed at twelve o'clock, the night before, every thing was safe then.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
