





784. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WALTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, 4 carriage-glasses, value 2l., and 1 carpet, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Spinks
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SPINKS
               



            . I am a coach-master
, and keep my coaches at the Bull, at Kingsland


. On the 12th of March I lost five glasses out of different carriages; the Policeofficer came and asked me if I had lost any - I went to look, and missed five; they had been right at two o'clock in the morning, when one of the carriages came in - I know nothing of the prisoner; I fitted the glasses which were found into the frames, and they fitted exactly, and appear to be the same kind of glass, but I cannot swear to them -I can swear to the carpet and the check-string; there were four glasses brought in - this carpet has a loop to button on the carriage, and this string has a knot in it, which I tied myself.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a coachman, and had the care of one of these carriage; I drove in one of them at two o'clock in the morning - all the glasses were quite safe then - I put up the blinds the last thing, and all was right.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHURCHILL
               



            . I am the Police-officer. I was on duty on the 12th of March, and saw the prisoner with these glasses, down a court, about ten minutes before six o'clock in the morning; this handkerchief and carpet were tied round them - there was nobody else in sight: he was taken to the watch-house, and he then asked for the handkerchief that was round the glasses - that was before we knew what was in the handkerchief.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WIRE
               



            . I am a private watchman. I went down the court, and saw the prisoner; as I came up again I saw these glasses up against a door - I told the witness to stop him as he came up the court.
Prisoner's Defence. The Policeman stopped me, and the watchman went down the court to see if there was any thing there; the Policeman said, "Is all right?" he said Yes - I went on, and they came again and took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
