



1650. 




FRANCES CARRUTHERS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
29th of June, 1 purse, value 1s., and 2 sovereigns, the goods and monies of 



John Rogers Harrison, from his person.






THOMAS FINGLASS
. I live at No. 4, Moon-street, Islington, and am a Ladies' shoe-maker. On the 29th of June, I was at the Fair in Hydepark—I saw the prisoner there with two other women—they had got a drunken man up against a tree—they dragged him down, and then got him up and dragged him down again—the prisoner got him up and then went away with him by herself, and I saw her put her hand into his right-hand waistcoat pocket—I took hold of her arm, and she said, "What have you got hold of me for?"—I said, "For robbing that man"—she called me a d-d liar, but I took the purse from her hand—I took her to the station-house, and gave the purse to the Inspector, who opened it, and it contained two sovereigns—the man turned out to be the prosecutor—I saw her take the purse out and put her hand behind her to put it into her own pocket, bet I took hold of her arm.





JOHN ROGERS HARRISON
. I live at No. 1, Doughty-street, and am an auctioneer. I was in the Park—I was quite capable of taking care of myself, but had some gin given to me by some women, who had it in a bottle under some trees—immediately I took it I fell down insensible—my opinion is there was something else in it—it was not the prisoner who gave it to me—I did not notice her—I had a purse in my waistcoat pocket containing two sovereigns, and I had some loose silver besides—my purse was afterwards produced to me—this is it—(looking at it.)





BENJAMIN DIMENT
. I was in the Park on the 29th of June, standing under a clump of trees, as it was raining—I saw the prisoner and two other women with a bottle—I suppose it was gin—I saw the prosecutor take a glass or two—when he took the second glass he became stupified all at once, and quite incapable of taking care of himself or of standing—I suspected, and watched the women—they appeared to be rifling his person—the man was not able to stand, and was falling about—the other two left him, and the prisoner staid with him—I saw her put her arm round his waist as if to keep him up—but with her other hand she took his purse from his waistcoat pocket—Finglass came up and took it from her, and we took her to the station-house.





DAVID SHEPPARD
 (police-constable R 68.) The prisoner was given into my charge—the prosecutor was insensible from drink—I produce the purse I received from Finglass, containing two sovereigns—the prisoner appeared to be sober.

Prisoner's Defence. What he says is very false—I was going through the Park, a woman asked us to have some gin—I said I had no money—she said, "This gentleman will pay for you," and he stopped and gave us a glass of gin—and when he paid for it, he fell down and dropped the purse—I picked it up, and endeavoured to get him up—I asked where he lived, he said, in Smithfield—I said we would endeavour to get him

across the Park to an omnibus—but before I could give him his purse the gentleman came up and took hold of me.




GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Ten Years.
