



1490. 




FREDERICK ELLIOTT
 was indicted

 for stealing on the 
15th of Febraury, 1 necklace, value 3s.; 1 trunk, value 5s.; 1 looking-glass, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 fan, value 1s.; the goods of 





Mary Ann Baxter.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN BAXTER
. I am single, and am twenty-two years old. I have known the prisoner upwards of five years—he has lately paid his addresses to me—I became acquainted with him at Mr. Pitt's, a linen draper's, where I was employed—I have recently taken a tobacconist's shop for myself in the Hackney-road—the prisoner did not know that till he came there—I lost a trunk from there containing a necklace, a fan, a looking-glass, and other articles. At the latter end of February, I left my shop in the care of Elizabeth Waling—I cannot tell exactly when I missed the trunk—the prisoner had no authority from me to go to the shop and take it—he never applied to me for it—I never gave him permission to take it, or its contents—on my return home I saw Waling, and missed the trunk and its contents—I saw the prisoner about a fortnight or three weeks after—he came to the shop, and I charged him with having taken the things—he said "For God's sake do not say any thing about it, I know I have been a base wicked wretch to you"—he then asked for forgiveness—I told him no, I could not forgive him—he then said he would have his revenge on me and went away—I did not give him into custody because I had no certainty, though I suspected he had taken the property—I gave information to an officer—I did not see the prisoner again till he was in custody—I saw the trunk and articles at Worship-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you not been on very intimate terms? A. He paid his addresses to me—I think it was a few weeks after he had been to see me that I directed him to be taken into custody—he said he was about to write to his father, to get money which I had lent him—I do not believe he meant to return the things to me—I did not mention the trunk to the prisoner—I said that he had robbed me—he told me he lodged in Seabright-terrace—I had never been there—I asked a friend to write to his father's for the money.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was that money you had lent to him on a former occasion? A. Yes, it was 20l.—I have never got it back—he said he would write to his father on the Monday, and bring me the letter to put into the post—that was at the same time.





CHARLES WALLER
 (City police-sergeant.) I was applied to by the prosecutrix to apprehend the prisoner, and did so on the 26th of May, in New-street, Fetter-lane—I had only been looking for him from the night before—I told him that there was a charge against him for felony, by Mary Ann Baxter, of Hackney-road, for robbing her of a necklace, fan, and

looking-glass; and on searching him I found a duplicate for a fan, necklace, and looking-glass, dated 11th March, 1836, pawned at Dexter's, in Union-street, Spitalfields—I went there and found the articles—the prisoner said he should like to see Miss Baxter—I said I must take him before a Magistrate.





NATHANIEL BARNES
. I am servant to Mr. Dexter, a pawnbroker in Union-street, Spitalfields. I produce these articles—they were pawned for 1s., and to the best of my belief by the prisoner, in the name of John Harris, lodger, No. 10, Holywell-lane—I have the counterpart of the duplicate.





MARY ANN BAXTER

re-examined. These articles were in the trunk when I left the house at the latter end of February—it was a small trunk, painted cream-colour—I never had the slightest intimation from the prisoner that he wished these things, or that he intended to take them.
(Daniel Cole, linen-draper, of Exmouth-street, Clerkenwell; Thomas Pitts, coal-merchant, of Melina-place, St. John's-wood; and Isaac Stevenson, collector, of Manchester-street, Manchester-square; gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years. There were two other indictments against the prisoner.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

