




2180. 




ALEXANDER FLETCHER JOHNSTON
 and 




HENRY WILLIAM MOAT
 were again indicted for

 feloniously forging and uttering a like request for 3 reams of demy paper, with a like intent






WILLIAM MILES
. I am warehouseman to John Dickenson and Charles Longman, wholesale stationers, 65, Old Bailey. On the 10th of October, the prisoner, Moat, brought me this order—(read)—"Please let the beam I have 3 reams of demy, the same as I had on Saturday, for Williams Johnston"—I had supplied Mr. Johnston with a good deal of paper on Mr. Virtue's account before—I did not deliver this, having ascertained that the first order was a forgery—I detained him—I saw nothing of the prisoner Johnston.





WILLIAM JOHNSTON
. This order is not my handwriting, nor was it written by my authority—I have no belief as to whose handwriting it ii—I do not believe it to be the handwriting of either of the prisoners—I have examined both their handwritings—Moat had left me about a fortnight before—I never gave him orders for goods—my son has left me since May last.





WILLIAM HERDSFIELD
. I apprehended Johnston—when I first went into Mr. Dickenson's house, the first word Moat said to me was, "If you will to the door you will see a man with a stick in his hand and a jacket; you will get the right person"—I went, and found Johnston by Williams's eating house, opposite Mr. Dickenson's—when he was going up the Old Baily, he said it was his father's fault for not relieving him, and at the justice-room he said the order was his handwriting—both papers were produced at the time—I took him about twenty yards from Mr. Dickenson's house—he was going down past the door towards Ludgate-hill, going away—there was nothing to prevent his being at the door when Moat entered—he would have had time to get that distance, if he had been at the door.





WILLIAM MILES

re-examined. I had not noticed Johnston at the door when Moat came in—I had to send for an officer, and then Johnston was pointed out.
(The prisoner Moat received a good character.)

JOHNSTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23

MOAT—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.
Of uttering 



Transported for Seven Years.
(There were other indictments against the prisoners.)
