





982. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     NEEDHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of March
, 8 shirts, value 30s.; 2 sheets, value 4s.; 2 table-cloths, value 5s., and 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Peckett
                     



                  ; and 1 gown, value 2s.; 1 shift, value 1s. 6d., and 1 night-gown, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jenkins
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS KING
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the night of the 29th of March I stopped the prisoner in Maiden-lane, Islington, at half-past nine o'clock - I saw her before I stopped her, in company with a young man, who had this bundle under his arm; he gave it to the prisoner, and they separated - she came on, and he staid in the road; they had not seen me or Harris, who was with me - the prisoner then came on, and as soon as she got sight of me, she dropped the bundle; the young man ran across the fields - this is the bundle, it contains the articles stated; they were wet when I took them.


                  ALFRED 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was with King, and took up the bundle - the prisoner said she knew nothing of it, and that she was one hundred yards from it, but she was not more than five yards from it - she said she knew nothing of the young man; but the next morning she said she was in company with him, and had some conversation with him about some money for some shoes - he goes by the name of Daddy Lee - that was the name she expressed.


                  JAMES 
                  PECKETT
               



            . I live in White Conduit-grove, Islington


. This bundle contains eight shirts belonging to me, two table-cloths, and the other articles stated - they are all mine, except what are my servants', Mary Jenkins; here is a gown, a shift, and night-gown of hers - they were all hanging in the yard behind my house on the evening of the 29th of March, and were missed at a quarter before nine o'clock - I know nothing of the prisoner.
T. H. KING re-examined. Q. How far from the prosecutor's did you stop the prisoner? A.About three quarters of a mile - it was about half-past nine o'clock.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Maiden-lane, and a young man asked me to hold a bundle - directly I took it he ran away.
T. H. KING. No, they were talking together, and she walked ten or fifteen yards before she caught sight of us; there were three more she impeached - the man has absconded ever since.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
