



1618. 




MARY ANN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of May, at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, 1 handkerchief, value 1d.; 12 sovereigns, 8 half-sovereigns, 9 shillings, and 6 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Richard Richard, in the dwelling-house of 



Ann Scott.







RICHARD RICHARD
. On Monday afternoon last I met the prisoner at a public-house between four and five o'clock—there were several other females in the room—I went with her to a room in a house some distance from there—I do not know which house it was—I was left alone with the prisoner, and went to bed with her—I took my clothes off—I went to sleep about half-past six or seven o'clock—I awoke between three and four o'clock next morning, and found she was gone—the door was fastened on the outside—I believe it was not fastened when I went to bed—I felt in my pocket, and missed 12l. or 14l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns, and some silver—I got out at the window, and told the constable—I had put my hand into my pocket several times, and felt the money, while I was in the room with her—when I called the constable I was quite sober, and so I was when I went with her—I afterwards saw the prisoner in bed at that house, or another, when I went with the officer, and she had my handkerchief round her neck—the officer found seven sovereigns, a half-sovereign, and some silver, tied in the corner of that handkerchief—I had given her 5s. or 6s., but no gold.





ALICE CAHILL
. I let this room to Ann Scott—I do not live in the house, nor do any of my family—it is in the parish of St. Giles's—Scott occupied the room, and the rest of the house is let out to different working people.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a policeman—I was in Carrier-street, St. Giles's, on Tuesday morning, between three and four o'clock, and saw the prosecutor get out of the window—he said he had been robbed of nineteen sovereigns—I went and found the prisoner in bed in Ivy-street, and found a handkerchief round her neck, with 3 sovereigns, 8 half-sovereigns, and 9s. 6d. tied up in the two corners of it—I afterwards went to Scott's room and found this cup with some laudanum in it—the door was padlocked outside.





JOHN HENRY WOODS
. I am assistant to Mr. Bailey, a chemist in Broad-street, Bloomsbury. On Monday last I sold the prisoner one pennyworth of laudanum—I put it into a cup resembling the one produced—there is laudanum and beer in this cup.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you serve a little girl thirteen or fourteen years old that evening with a pennyworth of laudanum in that very cup? A. It is possible I might—I recollect serving you.





RICHARD RICHARD

re-examined. I did not take any beer in company with the prisoner—I do not remember seeing or hearing of any beer while I was with her—I had gin or something.





ELIZABETH BELL
. I live in Carrier-street, at Cahill's house—Mrs. Scott has a room there—I saw the prisoner in company with the prosecutor, in Scott's room—I got them some gin, and fetched a pot of ale—I did not see the prosecutor drink any of it—nor can I say whether the prisoner drank any—it was seven or eight o'clock—I do not know whether the prosecutor was drunk, for I had been drinking myself.





ANN SCOTT
. I rent a room at No. 6, Carrier-street, of Mrs. Cahill. On the night of the 16th of May I was in company with the prisoner, and met the prosecutor at a public-house in St. Giles's—we went home with him to the room, and about five o'clock I left him and the prisoner together in the room—this cup does not belong to me, and was not in my room when I left it.

Prisoner's Defence. He might probably have given me the money, for

he gave me silver seven or eight times, and he might hate given me gold instead—I was intoxicated, and he was not much better.





RICHARD RICHARD

re-examined. I gave her money three times—I can positively swear I gave her no gold—I am quite positive this is my handkerchief.




GUILTY
. † Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
