



1355. 





MARY MURPHY
 was indicted

 for stealing on the 
27th of April, 2 sheets, value 4s.; 1 bed-ground, value 1s. 6d.; 3 towels, value 1s.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; 1 cap, value 5s.; and 3 handkerchiefs, value 2s., the goods of 



Elizabeth Warner her mistress; and 1 coat, value 3l. 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 20s.; and 1 pair of boots, value 20s., the goods of 



George Burchell.


MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.





ELIZABETH WARNER
. I live at No. 40, Baron's-buildings, Waterloo-road, Surrey. On the 26th of April, I was in want of a servant—the prisoner offered herself, and I engaged her—Mr. George Burchell came to sleep at my house that night, and delivered me his coat, waistcoat, and a pair of boots to be cleaned—I desired the prisoner to brush them in the morning—I got up at a quarter after seven o'clock, and the prisoner was then gone—the door was on the latch—I missed all the articles stated in the indictment, besides Mr. Burhcell, clothes—I saw the prisoner again on the 28th, of Union Hall, in custody—I received no character with her—I took her solely from her account of herself—she said she had been two months in the hospital ill.

Prisoner. It was an indecent house for me to go to—she keeps a house

for ladies and gentlemen, and unfortunate girls—she told me if I would walk the streets, she would find me in clothes—I said, no, I would not amnd she said, if she could not punish me one way, she would another: and the gentleman she says lodges at her house, lives with her. Witness. These is not the slightest truth in it.





JANE BUTT
. I live at No.3, Baron's-buildings, Waterloo-road. On the morning of the 27th of April, a little before seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Webber-street, near the Riding-school, about five minutes walk from the prosecutor's house—she had her apron full of something, and two cap-strings, hanging out of it—I said to her, "Did you get the situation?"—she said, "Yes, and thank you"—she had come to my mother's shop and inquired for a situation, and we recommended her to the prosecutrix.

Prisoner. Q. What kind of Cap-strings were they? A. Two strings with edging—I could swear to them.





GEORGE BEARCHELL
. I am a policeman. I apprehended her on the 27th, about nine o'clock in the evening, in the tap of the Duke's-hand public-house—Mr. Burchell gave her in a charge—she said; "Do not handle me, I will go with you quietly, I know what you want"—I took her to the station-house—I have not found the things.

Prisoner's Defence. I said I would not go without he told me what he wanted of me—I did not know what it was about—the prosecutrix know I was going to leave her—it is a house of ill-fame—when she found I would not stay, she said she would take my liberty from me.,




GUILTY
.*Aged 18—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
