





524. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ROWLAND
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, 1 pair of leather boot fronts, value 2s. 6d.; and eight ounces of leather, value 1s. 2d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Walter 
                           Pitman
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  AVERY
               



             (police-constable). I found at Clark's a large leather travelling trunk, and some property in it - I took Rowland at No. 4, Denmark-court, Golden-lane - I found on him a key, which opened a tin box, but I only found some copper money in that - I found some soles and a pair of leather boot fronts, in a hat-box in his room - he directed me to the house, and said he lived in the front room, one pair - I there found a woman who answered to the name of Mrs. Rowland.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The prisoner was not there? A. No; he was at the station .


                  WALTER 
                  PITMAN
               



            . This leather is mine, and is worth about 4s. - the other I have no mark on - the prisoner had no business to take any to his own house .
Cross-examined . Q. Is he a workman ? A. No; I can swear to these boot fronts - they are my own cutting ; and I can swear to this piece by a stain on it.
Prisoner's Defence . I bought that front and blocked it myself .( 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Avery
               



             , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  James
               



            , gave the prisoner a good character.) (See page 255.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
             .
