





1855. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LABURN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, 1 portmanteau, value 5s.; 7 neckcloths, value 7s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 3s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 6d.; 3 pairs of gloves, value 1s. 6d.; 1 comb, value 1s.; 1 brush, value 2d.; 1 Bible, value 2s.; 1 razor, value 1s., and 1 shaving-box, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Jones 
                     Fouracres
                  




               
            .


                  DIANA 
                  JONES FOURACRES
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Jones Fouracres
               



            , who is a labourer
. On Wednesday, the 24th of August, at one o'clock in the day, this portmanteau was safe, on the drawers in my own room, No. 1, Willow-walk, Hoxton


, on the ground-floor; it contained the articles stated in the indictment - it was locked; at four o'clock that afternoon I was informed that it was taken out of my room - I went and found it in a privy; it had been cut at the top, and part of the contents were gone - the privy is no great distance from my house; as I brought it back I met a girl, who gave me information.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is your real name Fouracres? A. It is - I have been married these eleven years - I have been called Jones by some people; the landlady said it was a long name, and I might as well go by the name of Jones only - I went by the name of 
               
                  Diana 
                  Jones
               



             Fouracres at the first examination - I have every reason to believe so; I will not swear it, for my mind is so tortured I scarcely know what I do say; I am convinced I gave my right name - I washed for a Mr. Willoughby, a bookseller, in Goswell-street; I then lived just by Aske-street, Hoxton - I will be on my oath I never pawned his clothes; I have lived in Beverden-street - I went by the name of Fouracres there; it is about twelve months ago that I washed for Willoughby; I then lived in Beverden-street - it might be nine months ago that I left there.
Q. Did Willoughby lose any of his linen? A. I will not answer these questions, it has nothing to do with this- if he thinks proper to come forward, I will answer him, but not strangers; he did not charge me with stealing his linen - I did not remove about his linen; I heard that he had lost some.
Q. Do you know that he got nothing back from you but pawnbroker's duplicates? A. I do not know any thing of the kind; I saw a great many duplicates - I saw Mr. Willoughby yesterday, and should think if he had any thing against me he would have stopped me; I do not know Phoebe Jones, or John Baker - the property in the trunk formerly belonged to 
               
                  John 
                  Bedding
               



            , and I was answerable for it; he left it in my care - he attended once before the Magistrate, and what he said was taken down; it was read over - I never saw his hand-writing; he did not tell the Magistrate he did not trust me with the property, nor that he did not believe what I said, nor that I had pawned Mr. Willoughby's linen.
ANN GATES. I am twelve years old, and live at No. 12, Willow-walk - Mrs. Fouracres lives two courts fromus; I saw the prisoner every day. On the 24th of August I was going for some ale for my mother's dinner - a little girl called me names, and I ran after her; she ran into her mother's privy - I went in, and found the prisoner there doing something to the top of the portmanteau; directly he saw me he sat down, and tucked his hand between his legs on the top of the portmanteau - I know nothing more; it was about two o'clock - I heard about four o'clock of Mrs. Fouracres loss, and told her what I had seen; the portmantean was taken into Mrs. Anderson's after it was found out - I saw it there; it had been cut at the top of the lid.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see Bedding before the Magistrate? A. Yes, once - he gave evidence; the prosecutrix went by the name of Jones, and when before the Magistrate she gave the name of Diana Fouracres Jones- she first gave her name as Jones, and then as Fouracres, because the Magistrate said she had no right to the name of Jones.
Q. How did he find out that her name was Fouracres? A. She told him so herself; he asked if she went by any other name - she has not told me how much a day I shall get for coming here, and I never heard; the prosecutrix knows 
               
                  Phoebe 
                  James
               



            , but she was never in her house - she lives at the bottom of a court, but not in the same court; there is no door to the privy - it has been taken away; it is down a little court, by the side of some houses - it can be seen from the back windows of one or two houses; I ran away directly I saw him there - there were no other people about, and when I returned, after getting the ale, there was another one standing at the prosecutor's gate; he lives right opposite the prosecutor - the prisoner was seen on the Thursday at the top of the court, and Mrs. Jones went for the Policeman, but he ran away; Bedding was here on Saturday - the Policeman says he has had 30s. to stop away; I never heard him tell the prosecutrix he did not believe the prisoner had taken the things - the portmanteau was locked, and Bedding gave the Policeman the key; Bedding stated what was lost before the Magistrate; Mrs. Hawkes lodges in the prosecutor's house- nobody else.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FOURACRES
               



            . I am ten years old, and live with my mother. I saw the portmanteau on my mother's drawers about two o'clock; I was at the top of the court and saw the prisoner bringing it up our court - I do not know where he took it too, I am certain it is the same portmanteau.
Cross-examined. Q.What day of the month was this? A. Three weeks ago last Wednesday, at about two o'clock; the privy is about two minute's walk from the court, I was standing talking to a young woman at the top of the court: she is sixteen years old, but she is not here - she did not stand as I did, and might not see; I said to her, "There goes John Bedding with a portmanteau" - he was bringing it away from my mother's, I do not know where he took it to; my mother washed for Mr. Willonghby when she lived in Beverden-street - I heard some of his linen was lost, but it was not taken out of my mother's place; I believe some of it was pawned.
Q. On your oath, did not your mother take it to the pawnbrokers? A. My mother got somebody to get it out of pawn; my mother went by the name of Fouracres there; we afterwards removed to where we live now.
COURT. Q. Did you ever see your mother in possession of Willoughby's linen? A. Once I did.


                  JOHN 
                  MORLEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 24th of August, I should think; but cannot exactly recollect the day; I found him in Willowgardens, and told him he was charged with stealing a portmanteau, cutting it open, and taking the top part of the contents out - I collared him; he said there was no occasion for that, he would go quietly; he said nothing, but went willingly - I found the portmanteau in Mrs. Fouracres' place: Bedding came to the first examination; he went to the office with the prisoner and me - he gave evidence, and was ordered to come the following day to have his deposition taken, but he absconded; I saw him here yesterday.
Cross-examined. Q.What do you mean by absconding? A. I went to his fathers, and he had not been home; I was sent for on the day of the robbery (Wednesday), I think I took him on the Thursday; it was in the same week, but I cannot say on what day - he lives in the same gardens: it was on the Wednesday when the portmanteau was stolen, and on the Thursday, I think I took him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROWLAND
               



            . I am a Policeman. I heard of the portmanteau on the Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon; I was present when the prisoner was apprehended, it was on a Friday - there were two persons taken; we said they were wanted for cutting open a pormanteau - the prisoner said he knew nothing about it.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure he said he knew nothing about it? A. Yes; Morley was present; I do not know whether he heard it - we came into the gardens in a sort of triangular way, and there were five of them standing together - we took two; there had been three seen together, it was so given in evidence - I think the woman herself saw the parties together; the little girl said she saw them together about the same time - Morley and I might have been a yard and a half apart when he said he knew nothing about it; it was I collared him, and not Morley.
Q. That you swear? A. Morley came up to the two first, and he had hold of him; he gave him up to me, and it was while I had him, that he said he knew nothing about it; it is very likely Morley heard that.
MRS. FOURACRES. This is the portmanteau which was taken from my room.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to swear you do not know Phoebe James? A. I do not know her only by passing; I did not know her name - I swear I know nothing of the pawning of Willoughby's goods.
Prisoner Defence. I am innocent; when I heard of the charge I surrendered myself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
