






1393. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PINDER
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DEAR
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, 3 shirts, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     McDougal
                  




               
            .
THOMAS McDOUGAL. I am a school-master
, and live at Minerva-terrace, Islington


. On the 18th of May I was in the lobby of my house; I received information, and went into my garden with a candle, where I had a quantity of linen hanging to dry - I saw the mark of footsteps in the mould - I missed some shirts; I had a boarder in the house - I am responsible for his linen.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



             (Police-consable N 41). I was on a piece of waste ground, behind the Haberdashers' Alms-houses, on the 18th of May; I saw the prisoner going from that ground to the East-road, at a quarter-past ten o'clock in the morning - it is two or three miles from the prosecutor's; I caught hold of Dear as he was going past a cart, and I got a person to stop Pinder, who had got round the horse - I asked Pinder what he had in his bundle (each of them had a bundle); he said he was going to the mangle for his mother - his bundle appeared wet; I asked Dearwhat he had - he made no answer; I took them to the station - I found this table-cloth in Dear's bundle, and these three shirts in Pinder's; Pinder was asked, before they were opened, what he had, and he said three shirts, one of his own, and two of his father's, and they were not marked.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Pinder's Defence. We were minding them for a baked potatoe boy, who said he would not be five minutes.
PINDER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.
DEAR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
