





1000. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  WINCH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, 1 necklace, value 7s., and 40 glass beads, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Reynolds
                     




                  , his master, and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .
THOMAS REYNOLDS. I live in Hanover-square, Milton-street, Cripplegate


. The prisoner was my apprentice
 - on the 16th of May I missed some beads - the prisoner was then in the yard - I called him, and he said he knew nothing of them - as soon as his mistress came in, I asked her about them - she said they were in the parlour, locked up in the caddy - she went and found the caddy broken open and the beads taken away - the prisoner then pointed out to me where they were, having previously denied all knowledge of them - I found them under some litter in the stables.


                  ANN 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Reynolds. I had locked the beads up in the caddy - nobody but the prisoner lived in the house - I did not miss them till one bead was shown to me which was found in the shop - this is the property - they are glass, with a gold snap.


                  ROBERT 
                  WOODS
               



            . The prisoner was given into my custody - I was present on a former occasion, when he was convicted - I produce the certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office - the prisoner is the person(read).
Prisoner's Defence. The things I am now placed at the bar for are my own. I bought them last Christmas - Master had them in his care - I never saw them from the time I was given in charge.
T. REYNOLDS. It is false; I have had no quarrel with him - he was bound apprentice to me six years ago - he was convicted before, and I took him back again about January last - he robbed me of a considerable deal of money and some heads - I took him up again - these beads were delivered to me at Guildhall to find the owner and restore them - I had them locked up, and never found the owner - he had concealed them with some money belonging to me, and they were placed in my care by the magistrate, supposing them to be the proceeds of some felony - as soon as I took him again he began to pilfer - I did not know where they were till he took me to the place and showed me them - I accuse him of stealing 20s.
Prisoner. I was washing myself when master accused me of it - the street-door was open - I went into the yard to wash myself - master came and found the beads, and accused me of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
