






208. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     McGRATH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     McCARTHY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 1 pair of shoes, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ralph 
                           Wilcoxon
                        




                     
                  ; and that the said John McGrath had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 16th of November, I was opposite Mr. Wilcoxon's who is a boot and shoemaker
 - I saw the two prisoners and another boy

 together; I saw McGrath take a pair of shoes from the window of the shop, and give them to McCarthy, who rolled them in his apron and walked away with them - McGrath then joined the other lad, and they walked on; I crossed over, and pushed McGrath into a shop - I then followed McCarthy down a turning, and took him; I found these shoes in the apron on the wheel of a cart down the turning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARDY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Ralph Wilcoxon - these are his shoes.
McCarthy's Defence. I saw them laying against a shop - Mr. Powell came and said, "Give me the shoes you stole;" I said I had none - I then put them on the wheel of a cart, and he took them.


                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



            . I have a certificate from Mr. Clark's office, of the conviction of McGrath, on the 28th of October, in the first year of his present Majesty's reign, for stealing a hat, value 5s., for which he was ordered to bewhipped - I attended the trial, and know he is the same person.
McGRATH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 10.
McCARTHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
