





1586. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     OVERTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August
, 1 quilt, value 2s.; 2 blankets, value 2s.; 1 bolster, value 2s.; 1 pillow, value 6d.; 3 flat irons, value 1s.; 1 saucepan, value 6d., and 10 lbs. of feathers, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Mann
                        




                     
                  ; and that she had been before convicted of felony
            .



                  ANN 
                  MARIA MANN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Mann
               



            ; we live at Somers'-town


 - the prisoner lodged three weeks with us. On the 16th of August I missed some property out of the furnished room which I had let to her - I found her drunk at a public-house; she owed me one week's rent - a man used to come backwards and forwards as her husband; she gave me 3s. 6d. a week.


                  THOMAS 
                  WORTERS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a counterpane and three flat irons, pawned by the prisoner in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Overton
               



            .


                  EDWARD 
                  FITCHEW
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a bolster, pawned by the prisoner, I believe, but I am not certain.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I certainly had some articles out of the room - I sent the key, and waited for her; she brought the Policeman, and insulted me - I told the gentleman I had pawned the articles in my own name, and would redeem them; the gentleman asked if she would wait the week - she said No, she would bring me here; you could have bought every thing in the room for 12s. - I had 8s. to receive that week.
MRS. MANN. I never permitted her to pawn any thing.


                  MOSES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a salesman. I have a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner on the 26th of October, 1828, and know her to be the person - she was to be transported for seven years.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
