



997. 




MARY ANN SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
14th of February, 224 yards of cotton, value 8l.; the goods of 



William Henry Smith, in his dwelling-house.






WILLIAM HENRY SMITH
. I am a linen-draper, and live in Assemblyrow, Mile End-road, next door to the White Horse public-house, it is my dwelling-house, I rent it. On the 14th of February I lost 224 yards of cotton from inside my doorway—I saw it safe about one o'clock, tied up in a bundle, there were eight pieces—they formed a pile about six feet high—this is it—(looking at it)—it is worth 8l.





CHARLES HENRY MOCKETT
. I am a policeman. On the 14th of

February I received information from the prosecutor—I went round the neighbourhood and into the White Horse public-house, next door to the prosecutor's—I saw the prisoner there, in a stooping position, with a very large black silk cloak on—there was another female drinking gin at the bar—I went out, and returned in about a minute and a half, and saw the prisoner in the same stooping position—I went up, took hold of her cloak, and said, "Have you got any thing here?"—she made no answer—I found all the prints under her cloak—she said a young woman gave them to her to take care of—I asked who she was—she said she did not know, but she used to work with her—this was about half-past one o'clock.

Prisoner. The policeman certainly took them from me, but the young woman asked me to mind the parcel for her till she came back, and she took me into the house and gave me a quartern of gin. Witness. She did not say the young woman in the house had given it to her—the other woman was not there when I went back, but that woman was not in her company.





GEORGE LAKE QUARMAN
. I am barman at the White Horse. The prisoner came in with another female, who was drinking gin when the policeman came in—as soon as the policeman went out the first time, we lost sight of the other female—we did not notice her go out—the prisoner and her appeared acquainted—the woman called for half a quartern of gin, and gave the prisoner a glass.

Prisoner's Defence. She asked me to mind it, and took me into the public-house, and told me to stop there till she came back, she would not be many minutes.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
