



2613. 




JAMES BOWYER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
27th of May, 1 watch, value 16s.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; and 2 watch-keys, value 6d., the goods of 



Samuel Britton.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL BRITTON
 (police-constable E 55.) I am stationed at Hunter-street station-house—I went there about the 20th of July, 1838—I had a box there belonging to me—amongst other things I had a silver watch, which was deposited in my box in my bed-room on the first floor, at the station-house—I missed it on the 18th of July last—I had never delivered it to the prisoner, or authorized him to take it or pawn it—he was a policeman—I never gave him the duplicate of it—he came about last January, and was placed a Hunter-street station-house—he left it in the week beginning the 28th of April and ending in May—I do not know why he left—he went from there to George-street station-house, but was still in the habit of coming to Hunter-street station-house as a reserve, and by that means would have an opportunity of being there when the other men were out on duty, and would have an opportunity of going to the bed-rooms of the men when they were away—there is a kitchen, in which cupboards are fixed, where the men's clothes hang—I recollect the prisoner was once deficient of his cape when was called upon to appear in his clothes, but I do not recollect the day—in consequence of what then passed, he was suspended and taken into custody—Inspector Campbell was informed of it, and he ordered his box

to be searched, and a duplicate was produced to me—I went to Mrs. Wood's, a pawnbroker, in High-street, Bloomsbury, and there found my watch—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You had not seen the watch since April? A. No, my box was unlocked—I know this watch well—I had had it about three years, and it was my father's before me—I know it by a small mark on the face, and I know this chain and key.





ALLEN HORATIO GARMAN
 (police-sergeant E 3.) By the direction of the Inspector, I searched the prisoner's box on the 3rd of September, and among other things I found the duplicate of this watch, pawned on the 27th of May, at Elizabeth Wood's, High-street, Bloomsbury, for 10s., in the name of "James Brittel, George-street"—I kept the duplicate till I at the prosecutor, and went with him to the pawnbroker's—he identified it—the prisoner was told of this after he was remanded, and he said he had bought the duplicate of another police-constable, but he neither knew his name nor number.

Cross-examined. Q. Are the police divided into sections? A. Yes, and they live in different houses, but they intermix one with another-the prisoner's box was open.





ROBERT ADAMS
 (police-constable E 109.) I saw the box in which the duplicate was found—it was the prisoner's.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen him use it? A. No, but I saw him bring it into the house, and take it up stairs—I took notice of it—it was a sort of band-box.





THOMAS JAMES WOOD
. I carry on business for Elizabeth Wood, a pawnbroker, in High-street, Bloomsbury. On the 27th of May I took in this watch, and gave this duplicate—it was brought by a policeman, who gave his address, at the George-street station-house—I lent 10s. on it.




GUILTY
 Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
