







1282. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BRIGHTLEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Mence 
                           Boyes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MENCE BOYES
               



            . I am a merchant's clerk
. On the 12th of May, in the afternoon, I was passing under an arch-way, in Upper Thames-street


, and felt a twitch at my pocket; I turned, and missed my handkerchief - Brightley and Smith were close to me; I seized Brightley, and my handkerchief fell from under his coat - I pulled him a short distance; the officer ran up, caught Smith, and told a person to take Jackson, as they had been together - Jackson was walking off, but was brought back.


                  JAMES 
                  BATES
               



            . I am a draper. I was speaking to the officer, and he drew my attention to the three prisoners; I saw them go to a stall, buy an orange, and then walk on towards Billingsgate; they met the prosecutor -I saw Brightley touch his pocket; they all turned, and followed him, and two or three doors before they came to Fish-street-hill, they made another attempt; he then went on under the arch, and Brightley there took the handkerchief - the others were close to him at the time; he dropped the handkerchief - I took Jackson, who was walking off, and the officer took Smith.


                  PHILIP 
                  HENRY
               



             PARISH. I am an officer. I saw the three prisoners, and pointed them out to Bates; I followed with him about half way towards Billingsgate, where they met the prosecutor, and returned after him -I did not see the attempt made, but I saw he had hold of Brightley; I went up, and the prisoners were secured.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Brightley's Defence. I was waiting at the London-docks - a gentleman asked me to carry a box to the steam-pocket, which I did, and he gave me 6d. for it - as I came back this gentleman took me.
Jackson's Defence. I was going on an errand, when the prosecutor laid hold of Brightley, and then the other gentleman said I was one of them.
Smith's Defence. My father sent me to my aunt's, in the Strand, and told me to call on a man at Billingsgate; I forgot it till I got to the bridge - I turned back; I saw the man, and was then going on, and they took me behind a cart.


                  JAMES 
                  BATES
               



            . I am sure he was with the others when the attempts were made, and the handkerchief drawn.
BRIGHTEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JACKSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Confined Six Months
            .
