



507. 




ELLEN KANAR
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
27th of January, at 
St. Giles-in-the-fields, 13 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of 



John Carroll, her master, in his dwelling-house.






JOHN CARROLL
, I am a stone-mason, and live in Short's-gardens, Drury-lace, in the parish of St. Giles, I occupy the whole house, and pay the rates—a week before Christmas the prisoner came to me as servant—I agreed to give her 1s. a-week, but never gave her any money—she had her board and lodging—I only had her to mind the place and my children on the 27th of January I went to my desk, and there was 9l., in it the same afternoon I gave my wife four sovereigns and a half, not out of the 9l., and gave her the key to put it to rest—I went out, and next morning (Thursday) I missed the money—I found the desk locked; I forced it open, and all the money was gone—the key was gone as well. and I never saw it afterwards—I apprehended the prisoner on Friday I did not see her searched.

Prisoner, Q. Did I not came to your place on Christmas-eve? A. she came five day before Christmas, and remained there, living in the house and acting as servant all the time.





MARGARET CARROLL
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On Wednesday

afternoon, the 27th of January, my husband gave me four sovereigns and a half and a key—I went to a neighbours's stopped half an hour, and went home to the back room, where my husband told me to put the 4l. 10s.—I put it into the desk with the nine sovereigns—the prisoner was present when I put the money in, and saw me put it there—I counted it before her, and slue asked me if that was all had made up towards my quarater's rent—we hold there house and pay 18l., 15s. each quarter—she said again, "Is that all?" I said, "Yes"—I went into Drury-lane, and put the Key on the mantel-piece—I was gone about three-quarters of an hour—the prisoner was there when I went out, and when I came back she was gone—I never saw her again till she was in custody on the Friday evening after, going towards the station-house in George-street—we let our house out in lodgings—the prisoner had lived there for about nine months before, but came that the last time the week before Christmas—she boarded and slept there always, and had not been away till the 27th.

Prisoner, Q. Did not you come down form West-street, Covent-garden, and ask me to came to dinner with you, and I refused; and did I not come home and dine with you on Christmas evening? A. It is quite wrong indeed; you were our servant, you did not treat me and Mrs. Waters in the street—I did not drink a drop of liquor at your expense—she said she was very bad, and I took her to the Red Lion, where we had a quarter of rum, which I paid for.

Q. Did I not you for my bonnet and shawl? A. No, you did not.





BENJAMIN CARPENTER
, I am barman at the Red Lion and still, in Drury-lane, On the 27th of January the prisoner came and called for a quartern of rum, and gave me 1s., at seven o'clock in the evening—the witness Anderson was with her—I gave her her change, and she said to me, "Will you take care of some money for me?"—I said, "Where did you get it form?"—she said, "Never mind; you take care of it till tomorrow"—she gave me six sovereigns—I said, "I hop you will come and fetch it away to-morrow;" and she did so.

Prisoner, Q. Have not I left money in your care before? A. Yes; sometimes 3s., sometimes 5s.—she has never left gold.





MARY ANN ANDERSON
. On the 27th of January the prisoner came to to me and asked me to make her a dress—I said I would—she had no stays or bonnet on—she had a very handsome new dark shawl—I said I could and measure her without stays, and she asked me to go with her to buy a pair—I went with and bought the stays in Holborn, for is—I could not make her dress as she was in a hurry, and she took the merino she had bought for the dress away—she said she had just been and bought the merino when she brought, and gave 2s. 10d., a-yard for it—there were four yards and a half—I went with her to the public-house—she called the young man aside, and I saw her leave the money with him—I could not tell how much.

Prisoner. Q. Had I not brought the dress to you to make a month before that? A. No, I never made any thing for her one dress, which is twelve mouths ago, when she was living with a young man—I made he a merino gown and a bonnet; she owed me 1s. 6d., for that. and paid me on the 27th.





MARY ANN DONNELL
. I live in John-street, Tottenham-court-road, On Wednesday evening, the 27th of January, I was standing in Tottenham-court-road and the prisoner come out of a shop-shop, with there more

girls and one of them used my name—the prisoner said, "Is that her? I will treat her"—she took me into Blue Posts, and called for half-a-pint of rum, and paid for it—I said, "You have got plenty of money"—she said, "Yes, I have," and that she bad bought that green dress—she bad the new shawl on—she bought the green dress in Rathbone-place—when she came out of the shop, "I must go home and light the fire for my husband"—she wanted me to go and buy more things with her—I said, "Where did you get the money form?"—she said she bad robbed a gentleman in Covent-garden of 10l., 15s.,—I wished her good night, and left—I was taken into custody myself for being in company.

Prisoner, I do not know the witness; I never saw her in my life, witness, I know her—I used to give her a shilling a week and her victuals, about three years ago—I am twenty years old—I lived in Earl-street, Seven Dials then—I worked at shoe-binding, and she slept with me—I took her in when her father died.





HENRY BAKER
 (police-constable E 44,) I took her into custody on the 29th, and found a new dress, and a pair of new stays on her—in fact she had every thing new—I found no shawl nor any money on her—she had boots on which had been worn, but they were not quite new.





MARGARET CARROLL
 re-examined, An old lady was present, I suppose, when she took the money—I did not think it necessary to bring her here, as she goes on crutches.





HENRY BAKER
 re-examined, I know the prosecutor—he keeps a general lodging-house—Donnell is not a married woman, to the best of my belief.





MARY ANN DONNELL

re-examined, I pass as a married woman—The man I live with works hard to support me.

Prisoner's Defence, I was not in their place only on the Monday, when I went for my bonnet and shawl—she said I should have it in a day or two, as she saw I had one on,

MRS. CARROLL re-examined, I am certain she was close to me when I put the money into the desk—it was about a quarter before three o'clock in the afternoon of the 27th of January—the old lady was sitting by the fire in the front room at the time—I was told need not bring her here—I had no more suspicion of the prisoner than of my own children—I put the Key down in a hurry, and missed it next morning—it laid on a mantelpiece—on body went into the room but the prisoner—the lodgers could not get into room, as they must go through the first room, where the old lady was—there was nothing to prevent any body's going into the room,

Prisoner, There are four men lodger in and out—it is a sliding window—they came through the room larking; and there are four girls lodge there, who go out into the streets at night—two lodge in the first floor, and two in the second—I was with a gentleman form Tuesday night to Sunday morning at a brothel called the Brunswick—they Know I saw this gentleman, but he sometimes made me a better compliment than at others.

MRS. CARROLL re-examined. She slept with my three children on the children on the Tuesday night.




GUILTY
, Aged 19—


Transported for Life.
