



2186, 




THOMAS JONES
 was indicted

, for stealing, on the 
10th of October, 1 watch, value 5l., the goods of 



John Hutchinson Evans, from his person.






JOHN HUTCHINSON EVANS
. I live at Mr. Darwes, in Penton-place, Walworth. I was at the corner of Harp-alley, at twelve o'clock at night, on the 10th of October—I was coming down, and was accosted by two or three girls, who jostled me very much—a man made a grasp at my watch, and ran off with it—I cannot tell who it was—this is my watch—it was fastened round my neck by a ribbon—this alley is just leading into Farringdon-street, on the left-hand side going from Fleet-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you been dining out? A. Yes; I was not quite sober—I knew what I was doing perfectly well—I was jostled by a number of persons, one of whom took the watch—I was walking straight—I did not stop—I was not talking to two girls of the town—I was coming down for the purpose of taking a cab at Blackfriars'-bridge—there were five or six altogether—the women did not speak to me particularly—I called the policeman directly—I do not think I gave him a description of the watch—I sent a note of it on Monday, which I had in my desk.

COURT. Q. Were you sober enough to be able to swear that the watch was taken from you by somebody, by violence? A. Yes; that I can—there were several of them, and one tore it from me.

MR. DONE. Q. Did you after this go home to sleep? A. I went straight home from the watch-house—the constable did not take me any where.





JAMES MERRY
. I am a watchman of St. Bride's. I was on duty on the 10th of October, at about half-past twelve o'clock. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner run away—I ran after him, and caught him—he got from me—I caught him again—when I first saw him, he was at the end of Black-horse-court, Farringdon-street—Harp-alley is about twenty-four doors from there—when he got away, he was stopped by a

young man, who was coming down the court, who gave him into my custody—I know Elizabeth Sheppard's house, No.5, Harp-alley—that is not far from the spot—I first saw him in Farringdon-street.





JOHN HUTCHISON EVANS

re-examined. Q. Was this at the corner of Harp-alley? A. At the corner of Fleet-street and Farringdon-street—I cannot tell whether Harp-alley is on the same side.





JAMES MERRY

re-examined. Harp-alley runs into Farringdon-street and into Shoe-lane—the prisoner was running towards Harp-alley—he was just at the corner when I first caught him, he then got away—I do not know how the numbers are situated.

MR. DOANE. Q. Were there not some women running about? A. Yes; two women of the town were taken up on this charge, but not that night—I did not see them there—I was at the end of Farringdon-street—I saw the prosecutor at about half-past twelve o'clock, on Saturday, at the Watch-house—I did not notice whether he was drunk—I do not know what became of Mr. Evans—I left him there about five minute before one o'clock—I then went in the street again.

COURT. Q. What did you say to the prisoner when you caught him the first time? A. He struggled and got away from me—he pummeled me about the second time a little—I told him, if I had my staff I would have knocked him down—there were no others running beside him.





THOMAS MARSHALL
. I live at No.17, Poppin's-court, Fleet-street. I was coming down Harp-alley, from Shoe-lane, and met the prisoner running up Harp-alley fast—I heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I pursued, and overtook him, and brought him back—I gave him in care of the watchman—he broke loose—I pursued and brought him back again—I observed something bright pass from him to another party, and something bright hanging out of his hand—I cannot say it was a watch, but it appeared like the ring of one.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see many girls running about? A. No; I did not tell him what he was charged with, for I did not know—I saw something bright in his hand within about five yards of the bottom of Harpalley, near to Farringdon-street end—he was in care of the watchman when he handed this over—he could not have thrown away any thing in Harpalley.

COURT. Q. What direction did the man go in who had the bright thing given to him? A. There were a number of persons assembled, and he mixed with the crowd at the corner of Harp-alley, in Farringdon-street.





ELIZABETH SHEPPARD
. I live at No. 5, Harp-alley, about half way up the alley—I do not known whether No. 1, joins to Farringdon-street—we live about eight houses from Farringdon-street—I found this watch in our shop on that Saturday night, between twelve and one o'clock—I did not hear the cry of "Stop thief"—it was lying in front of the counter—I had not put it there—I had not been in the shop for half an hour.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any paper? A. There was a paper by its side, as if it had been wrapped in it—there is a court called Poppin's-court, in addition to the houses in the same line.
(W. Howell, of Eyre-street, engraver; Daniel Walton, tailor, Northampton-street;----Murridon, of Charles-street, Hatton-garden, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.





Transported for Seven Years.
