



191. 




HENRY BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of October, 1 coat, value 16s., the goods of 



Thomas Mitchell.






THOMAS MITCHELL
. I am a tailor. On the 31st of October, a pile of coats were thrown down from my door into the street—I picked them up, not missing any one in particular—I cannot swear that I had this one at that time—I cannot swear that I had not sold it—I cannot say that I missed one like it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOAKE. Q. you live in Great Turnstile? A. Yes, and sell fifteen or sixteen hundred coats in a year.





THOMAS OWEN
. I was going through Turnstile between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner make an attempt at the prosecutor's shop—I watched him for half an hour—he made several attempts, and at last pulled down the coat, and ran away with it.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. An errand boy to Mr. Phillips, a wholesale glass dealer in Baldwin-street, City-road—my roaster's brother was with me—we were on an errand—we had got a basket each, and we stopped to watch the prisoner—it is a very great thoroughfare—I saw this plainly done—I did not shout out—I went and told the prosecutor, and Mr. Phillips ran after the prisoner—I saw him again about half an hour afterwards—he was a perfect stranger to me.





JOHN PHILLIPS
. I live in Baldwin-street. I was going through Turnstile, and saw the prisoner attempt to rob the shop—he made several attempts, at last he got this coat—I pursued—he turned down a court, and I lost sight of him—I came back and met him with the coat on in Hart-street, Bloomsbury—I collared him, took him into a shop, and gave him in charge.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know that coat? A. I could swear this is the coat—I put my mark on it at the station-house—I went and looked at it before he snatched it—it is the one I found on him, and he snatched a coat like this—I told the Magistrate so—my deposition was taken down in writing, and I signed it—this is my signature—(read.)
"About half-past seven o'clock, last Wednesday evening, I saw the prisoner hanging about the shop; he snatched the coat and ran down Whetstone-park,

I pursued him, but he out ran me, and I met him again with the coat on."

Q. Do you mean to persist in saying that you told the Magistrate that you went and examined that particular coat? A. I could if he had asked me, but he did not ask me the question—I did tell the Magistrate that I went up and examined that particular coat, while the prisoner was there—I am a cab driver—I am out of employment, and living with my brother, and doing a little work for him—it is nearly three months since I drove a cab—I have never been a cab driver since they had badges—I should say Hart-street is full half a mile from Turnstile—I was coming back when I met the prisoner—he was walking by himself.





SAMUEL BRITTON
. (police-constable E 55.) I took the prisoner with the coat on him at half-past seven o'clock.





THOMAS MITCHELL
. re-examined. It is impossible to say how many coats I put up—we take the pile down ten or twenty times a day.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18. 


Transported for Seven Years.
