





1515. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     NEWBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, 6 sovereigns and 5 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Benton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
PETER BENTON. I am an engraver
. On Friday evening, the 11th of October, I fell in with the prisoner, in Old-street - I was a little the worse for liquor, but still had my recollection; there was another female with the prisoner; they caught hold of each of my arms, and asked me to treat them - I took them into a public-house and they had what they required; but I cannot say what - I then bade them good night, and was going on to my house, in Tabernacle-row, not more than one hundred yards from there; but they still kept following me, and I could not get rid of them - when I got to Windmill-street


, the prisoner put her hand into my pocket, and I found she was going to rob me - I said, "This wont do, I must go;" she then plunged her hand into my pocket, tore my trousers down, and took the pocket literally out; and as she pulled her hand out she dropped some money - the other person ran off, and the prisoner attempted to run, but I caught hold of her garment and tore it away; there was £1 and sixpence found on the pavement - I am married and have a large family.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Do you mean, that as a married man, and knowing what you were about, you could not have got rid of this woman, if you pleased, without going into a public-house? A. I could not; they forced me in; they did not force me to do anything else; I could not resist the temptation; I was not very drunk.


                  THOMAS 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a coal and potatoe dealer - I was standing near the end of Providence-row, and saw the prosecutor coming out of Windmill-street, in haste, upon a half-run, and two females came running after him; they took hold of his arms, and he threw out his arms to try to get rid of them - the prisoner said,"Lord, John, this is always the way when you get a little liquor; you never ought to have any;" I thought they might be man and wife, and I withdrew a little but still kept them in sight; I thought I saw the prisoner's hand go into the prosecutor's left-hand pocket, and instantly there was a sort of a struggle, and some money fell on the pavement - I picked up a sovereign, a sixpence, and a halfpenny; the other woman then ran off, and the prisoner tried to run, but the prosecutor caught her dress, and tore it from her waist.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the money fall? A. I heard it, and I picked it up.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ROBERTS
               



             (police-constable G 223). I was on duty and came up at the time - I found the prosecutor on the ground, saying, he had been robbed of eight sovereigns - I picked him up, and the prisoner was pointed out as the person who had robbed him; he had the back part of her gown on the ground, by him - I pushed her back, and found 1s. 6d. on the ground - I found some money on her at the station-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not the prosecutor very drunk? A. He walked very well after I helped him up- the prisoner's gown was torn completely off - I saw her sitting on the prosecutor's knee, at the watch-house, but not long, for I was not watching them.
Prisoner's Defence. I am perfectly innocent - I saw him with two females, one of whom I knew before - she said to me, "We are going to have something to drink, will you come?" I said, "No, thank you;" I was going from them, and the prosecutor took hold of my frock and tore it, and the witness picked up some money - I was not in his company, nor did I drink with him at all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
