





1440. 
               
                  AUGUSTUS 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, 1 sovereign and 14s., the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Johanna
                        




                     
                  , and one 5l. Bank note, the property of the said Joseph Johanna
            .
JOSEPH JOHANNA. I am a sailor
, and arrived from the Havannah, in the ship Integrity, last month, in St. Katharine-docks - I was never in London before. On the day the ship arrived the prisoner came on board to take me to board and lodge with him, which I agreed to do, at 14s. a week - I went on board the next day, and received a 10l. Bank note from the captain; I went to the prisoner's house with a tailor - I owed the tailor near 3l. for clothes; I was only five days with the prisoner - he gave me meat, and sometimes drink, but I did not owe him above 14s., nor that, for I treated him; I gave the tailor the note to go for change, and take what I owed him - he brought the 5l. note and the change, and put it on the table; the prisoner took it up - I did not give him leave to take it up; I asked him for money to get a pair of shoes, and he would not give it to me - I went before the Magistrate, and he committed him here.
Prisoner. Q.When I took up the 5l. note, did not my wife say, "Don't give it him - don't let him have it;" speak the truth? A. No, she never said so.
Q. Did you not ask me for the note, and give it to my wife? Q.No - I asked him next day for money to pay for my shoes, and he said, "I have no money, I paid a debt;" the note has never been offered me.
CHARLES COHEN. When the ship Integrity arrived, the prisoner brought, the prosecutor to my employer's house - I am a tailor, and work for Mr. Nathan; he asked us to let the prosecutor have some clothes, and he would be answerable we should be paid on pay-day - we let him have clothes to the amount of 3l. 5s., and 1s. I lent him; on pay-day I went on board the ship, and when he was paid we all went together to the prisoner's house - on the way I told the prosecutor, as he was a stranger I would get change of the 10l. note, as I thought he had a 10l note by what I saw paid to other men; I got the note changed - I took the 3l. 6s., and carried him a 5l. note, a sovereign, and 14s. - I asked the prosecutor if he was satisfied; he said Yes, and I departed immediately - the next morning he came to borrow 1s. of me, but he was intoxicated.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a Frenchman. When this man was paid the tailor put the money on the table - I took it up; my wife said to him, "Don't let him have it," and he asked me to give it him back - my wife said,"Give it me," and he gave it her; he told every body that he gave my wife 5l. - the next day I met him; he said,"Your wife has been abusing me, I won't stop in the house" - he said,
"you know I gave her 5l.; I said Yes - I said, "Come to an eating-house:" we had dinner, and stopped till four o'clock - on the Saturday he brought a Police-man, and took out his things; i met him again in the afternoon - he said,
"I am going;" I said,
"Come back" - he said, "You are a very good man, I like you very well - I gave your wife 5l.;" I never saw him again till the Sunday morning - we shook hands; the next day I received a summons to go before the Magistrate, and it was put off - I declare to God I never put my hand into my pocket.
CHARLES COHEN. He received the money on Wednesday, the 23rd of June - I was summoned on the Tuesday evening, but I was out.
JOSEPH JOHANNA. He never gave me the 5l. note back - it is not true that he gave it to me, and I gave it to his wife; I speak before God, he never gave it to me.
Q. How long was it before you went to the Magistrate? A. I do not know; I could not get money before I went I have never been in England before; I went to borrow 1s. the next day - I was not drunk; I had had a glass of beer, and had 2s. or 3s. in my pocket.
CHARLES COHEN re-examined. Q. Did you lend him the 1s. the next day? A. No - he was intoxicated in the afternoon; he did not say then that he had lost his money.
ELIZABETH GIBBS. I live next door to the prisoner -I work at waistcoat making. On the day the prosecutor received his wages (which will be, I believe, three weeks to-morrow)he came to my house, and asked if Mrs. Smith was there; I said; No - it was between twelve and one o'clock, I believe, but I cannot swear to the time; it was after breakfast, and before dinner - I breakfast generally at eight o'clock; it was about twelve, or between twelve and one; he sat down, and said he was waiting for Smith's wife to bring him change of a 5l. note - I suppose he waited for the space of a quarter of an hour; at the end of that time she sent a little girl to say she wanted me -I went in, and she said, "I have got a 5l. note of my lodger's," and she had a good many things on a chair, which she said she had got out of pawn - there were sheets, and a variety of things; a pair of blue trousers, a gown, an apron, and different articles; I said to her,"Your lodger is sitting in my house, I will go and tell him to come in" - she did not know he was there; I went and told him - the way he knew me was, I have a little girl who is in the habit of going of errands for Smith's house, and he took a liking to her and wished to buy her a pair of shoes; Mrs. Smith did not say why she sent for me - she did not tell me whose things they were, nor did I ask her; I thought it very odd - it was her husband's wish that I should come in and say these few words; I had not the curiosity to ask why she should send for me - the prosecutor said he was waiting for change to make the child a present of a pair of shoes; neither Smith nor his wife ever sent for me before on this kind of errand - they all three went out afterwards, and I saw no more of them; I heard some days afterwards that the man had asked for his money - I then thought the prosecutor was robbed, and began to turn this in my mind; Mrs. Smith confesses herself that she was in the wrong.
JOSEPH JOHANNA re-examined. Q.you had no clothes in pawn? A. No - I was not at the woman's house; I never did give the note to the wife - I never had any sheets or a gown.
Prisoner. My wife went to take her own things out;if I took the money he could have told the Police-officer of me - he never asked me for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
