





675. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, 1 watch, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Sweeting
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
HENRY CLARK. I am a locksmith. On the evening of the 21st of January, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw a young man, who appeared a sailor
, in Ratcliff-highway


 - I saw the prisoner and two other men watching him - the prisoner was in the middle; he ran out from the others, and took the watch from the sailor - he went on; a private watchman met him, and struggled with him - I saw him drop the watch; the watchman sprang his rattle - a Policeman came up, and he was secured; I went before the Magistrate - the prosecutor attended, and said his name was 
               
                  James 
                  Sweeting
               



            ; he is now gone to sea - I am sure I saw the prisoner take it out of his fob.
Prisoner. Q. Did you come up while the watchman had me? A. Yes, I came up immediately.


                  RICHARD 
                  JOHN ROBERTS
               



            . I am a private watchman. I was on duty in Hastings-court, and met the prisoner running from High-street, Shadwell - he stepped aside, and I saw a watch-case in his hand; I seized him - he tussled with me for about two yards, and then dropped the watch - I got him down, and called out, "There is the watch;" I could not get to it myself, and thought some honest person would take it up - I sprang my rattle; a Policeman came and secured him, but the watch was gone; several persons had come up the court.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you say to the prosecutor,"There is your watch, pick it up?" A. It was not there.
The Prisoner put in a written Defence, representing that he was merely running home - declaring his innocence, and stating that Clark was a bad character.


                  HENRY 
                  CLARK
               



            . I came up while they were scuffling, but did not take the watch up - I did not want any thing to do with it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
