




1835. 




DANIEL HORRIGAN
 and 




CHARLES ZUGG



 were indicted for stealing, on the 
19th of July, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of a certain man whose name is unknown, from his person.







JOHN THOMAS FORBES
. I am between thirteen and fourteen years old. On the 19th of July I saw the two prisoners in Covent-garden-market, at about eleven or twelve o'clock—I saw Horrigan put his hand into the gentelman's pocket, take out a handkerchief, and give it to the other one, who went away—I followed them and told a policeman—before that, I had seen them following a good many gentleman about the market, and trying to pick their pockets—Horrigan put his hand into one gentleman's pocket, but did not get it out, because the gentleman turned round—the other prisoner was close behind him at the time—that was about a quarter of an hour before I saw him take the handkerchief—I gave information to a policeman, and he took them—I followed close behind them, and they were not out of my sight.

Zugg. It was between five and six o'clock in the morning. Witness. It was about ten or eleven o'clock in the morning—I cannot recollect whether I said before the Justice that it was between five and six o'clock in the morning—I had not had my breakfast—I was waiting for my father—I generally breakfast at about nine o'clock, but I had none that day—I do not know what time it was, for I was waiting all the morning for my father—I went into the market at half-past four o'clock.





THOMAS PERRING
. I am a policeman. Forbes gave me information, on Tuesday, the 19th of July, at about half-past six o'clock in the morning, and I took the prisoners into custody—I found the handkerchief under Zugg's arm, under his clothes—the other prisoner was close to him—I asked Zugg where he got the handkerchief—he said he did not take it, that the other took in from a gentleman's pocket, and gave it to him—I am sure he said so—the gentleman was gone—it is a silk handkerchief.

Horrigan's Defence. I picked it up.

Zugg's Defence. It was picked up under the Piazza, and he gave it to me—but the boy was against us, and wanted to have his part of it, and we would not give him any part of it.
(Zugg received a good character.)

HORRIGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ZUGG—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Whipped and discharged.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
