





172. 




JOHN WATTS,


 JOHN RICHARDSON
, and 



WILLIAM BATCHELOR
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of November, 3 keys, value 1s.; 1 purse, value 2d.; 2 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 4 half-crowns, and 3 shillings; the goods and monies of 




Richard Coope, from his person.






RICHARD COOPE
. I live at Stockbridge-terrace, Pimlico, I am not in any business. In the afternoon of the 20th of November I was walking up the passage leading from New-street to St. James's Park—the passage was very much crowded indeed—when I got into New-street I missed my purse and keys—the purse contained two sovereigns and one half-sovereign, four half-crowns, and three shillings—it was a very singular purse—it was folded up—when I got to the top, after I had been dreadfully squeezed by the prisoners, a person came up and said, "Have you been robbed?"—I said "Yes, of my purse and keys; I don't mind my purse, but I don't like to lose my keys"—I saw the policeman had got the prisoners, and took them to Bow-street—I said, "I can tell you what the coins were"—they counted the money, and found it was exactly the case—Watts said, "It is my money, it was taken out of my pocket"—I said I had the same—the money corresponded exactly with what I lost—the gold was gone, but the keys and silver were produced.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. In fact you did not like to prosecute? A. No, but they said I must—I am a collector of these kinds of coins—I was squeezed by five or six of these people—I endeavoured to get away, but could not, when these chaps doubled in upon me—I was going to Farrance's to buy a cake—I cannot tell how many persons there

were—-I never saw such a crowd in my life—I got dreadfully squeezed—I saw Richardson in the Park—I cannot tell whether he put his hand into my pocket—I pushed the other people—I do not think I did any thing with violence.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Was this at the pastry-cook's, in the corner of the passage? A. To he sure it was—I went to the pastry-cook's shop after the squeeze, and borrowed 1s. of one of the police.





THOMAS BLOSSETT
. I am a constable of Co vent Garden-market, and live in Horse Ferry-road. On the afternoon of the 20th of November I was with James Jones in St. James's Park—I saw the prosecutor enter the passage which leads to New-street, followed by Watts, Richardson, and Batchelor—Richardson was close to his back, and Watts on the side of him, and Batchelor by the side of Richardson—as they were going up the steps into New-street, I saw Watts drop the three keys, which I now produce, from his left-hand—I picked them up—he was then close by the prosecutor's side—when he lifted up his foot I took up the keys—the prisoners turned—I was behind them, and they pushed me—I secured Watts, and gave him to Jones; then took Batchelor, and gave Richardson to a police man—Batchelor said he had done nothing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. On your oath, did not he say more than that? A. He might, but I did not pay attention to it—he asked me why I took him at all—when I took Watts they were all close to one another's shoulders—I took Batchelor and Richardson about fifteen yards from the steps of the Park—they were going from the spot where the keys were dropped, into the Park—the Queen had then passed through the Park to the House, but had not returned again.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Were there not a good many other people as near Mr. Coope as the prisoners? A. No—there were, a good many close to the prisoners—I was at the back of them—I was coming from Bow-street, where I had been on a case of felony, and was going to the Park—I took the keys from under Watts's feet—he was going up the steps—he had just got one foot on the upper step and one on the lower step—the keys were under that, and as he moved his foot 1 took them up—they dropped on the steps—I cannot tell whether it was the first or second step.





JAMES JONES
. I live in Little George-street, Westminster. I was with Blossett, in St. James's Park—I was close at his back, when I saw the prisoners about half way in the passage—I saw Watts drop the keys from his hand on the steps—I saw my brother officer pick them up—I caught hold of Watts when he pointed him out—he said I was wrong, he had done nothing—he said I was drunk—I secured him—one of the police told him to go, and then he went quietly with me—I found on him three shillings, and three handkerchiefs—I received four half-crowns and three shillings from George Weston, a police-serjeant—I searched Richardson, and took from him seven pence, I think, and one handkerchief—Batchelor had one half-crown, two shillings, and one farthing.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Were you and Blossett in a line together? A. No—I was close behind him—there was a very great crowd—Watts was on the left of the gentleman, and my brother officer was close behind the prisoners and the gentleman—there were other people by the side of me and Blossett—the prisoner was higher than I was—he was ascending the steps, with his hand down by his side—I was looking at the steps

to go up—Blossett picked up the keys—they were on the second or third step—after Watts was taken, I did not go to his lodgings—I do not know whether Blossett went—I took one handkerchief off his neck and returned it to him—I did not ask him about the three handkerchiefs I found on him—they were scarcely of any value—he told me he had some unfortunate complaint which rendered it necessary for him to carry them about him.





JAMES WHIPP
 (police-constable D 86.) I took Richardson at the desire of Blossett—he was down the passage—I laid hold of him—he said, "You have no occasion to lay hold of me, I have done nothing"—I took him to Bow-street—he was three or four yards from the steps, on the Park side.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I do not know what you mean by down the passage? A. A few yards from the passage.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did you go to Watts's lodgings! A. I did not—I do not know who did.





GEORGE WESTON
 (police-constable F 15.) At the station-house, in Bow street, I took four half-crowns, and three shillings from Watts—I gave them to Jones the constable—I found them in his left-hand breast pocket.





JAMES JONES

re-examined. These are the same—I did not receive any description of the money from the prosecutor—it was given to the Magistrate—that description corresponded with what I found.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did you go to Watts's lodging? A. No, I did not.





RICHARD COOPE

re-examined. This is a King William half-crown—this is the third coinage of King George the Fourth—this is the first coinage of George the Third—this is the second that was struck with the garter round it—and these three shillings—that was the money I described Watts said, "Oh, I had the same in my pocket"—I will swear I had four of that sort—the two sovereigns, and half-sovereign, and purse, are gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Were the half-crowns in the same. part of the purse where the gold was? A. To be sure they were—I intended to pay them away—the keys were in the left-hand pocket, and the purse in the right-hand.
(John Sweetman, foreman to a veterinary-surgeon, of Pulteney-court, Silver-street, Golden-square; and Joseph Butcher, of Drummond-crescent, gave the prisoner Watts a good character.)

WATTS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—


Transported for Ten Years.

RICHARDSON—


NOT GUILTY.—BATCHELOR—

NOT GUILTY
.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

