





1344. 
               
                  MARY 
                  COOK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, 1 brooch, value 2s.; 48 yards of tape ribbon, value 4s.; 1 yard of muslin, value 2s.; 2 neck chains, value 5d.; 12 yards of edging, value 1s.; 2 shirts, value 9s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 flat iron, value 9d.; 1 brush, value 1s.; 2 combs, value 6d.; and 1 shawl, value 25s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Dennis 
                  Ahearne
               




            .


                  BRIDGET 
                  AHEARNE
               



            . I am the wife of Dennis Ahearne - I knew the prisoner by going to Farringdon-market - and on the 7th of August, she brought a little girl, and wanted me to take her into my care, which I did; and the prisoner came to see her the next morning - on the Monday evening after, I missed part of this property, and told the girl I must discharge her - the prisoner came and said she was very sorry for it - and on the Thursday afterwards, the prisoner came, and brought this brooch, which she said the gilr had sold to a woman for 2d., and she had bought it for 3d.


                  RICHARD 
                  POTTEN
               



             (police-constable G 134). I went to No. 2, Adam and Eve-court, where the prisoner had lived, but she had absconded - I stated the case to the person who kept the place, and she produced these articles, which the prosecutor owns.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DELANEY
               



            . I live at No. 2, Adam and Evecourt - this property was at my house, but I do not know how it came there, without the prisoner brought it - she came there on the 7th, and absconded on the 14th - she gave me no notice - she said she came from service - I had seen her little girl come there once.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. There are two rings and a cap of mine among that property - I got some of those things out of the girl's possession, in Playhouse-yard, and the next day, I found her, with some more of them, making a cap- I asked her if they were her own - she said they were - I took them from her to my house, to return to the woman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
