





Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
821. 
               
                  
                     AMELIA ANN 
                     RICHARDSON, alias 
ANN BROOKSBANK





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously and unlawfully uttering, to 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Asbridge
                        




                     
                  , a counterfeit, half-crown, well knowing the same to be false and counterfeit, and that she had before been convicted of like offences
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  JOSEPH POWELL
               



            . I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of 
               
                  Amelia 
                  Ann Richardson
               



            , at the Middlesex February Sessions, 1833. I got it from the office of the Clerk of the Peace for the county of Middlesex- it is a true copy - I examined the record with the copy, and the copy with the record (read).


                  JOHN 
                  FISHWICK SUMMERSELL
               



            . I am a turnkey of the House of Correction for Middlesex. The prisoner has been in my custody for uttering counterfeit coin - she was tried in February, 1833 - I was present at her trial - she was convicted, and suffered six months' imprisonment, fourteen days of which were solitary.


                  HENRY 
                  ASBRIDGE
               



            . I am assistant
 to Railton and Peascod, linen-drapers, 242, Regent-street


. The prisoner came to their shop on the 6th of May, about seven o'clock in the evening, and asked for some pins - she laid down half-a-crown - the pins came to 5d. - I showed her two papers, one at 41/2d. and the other at 5d. - she took that at 5d. - I got another half-crown and weighed it with the one she gave me - I found it deficient, and told her it was bad - she said she had taken it that evening - Mr. Peascod came down the shop - I left it in his possession while I fetched an officer - I returned with an officer, and received the same half-crown from Mr. Peascod - I knew it because it was worn at the edge - it was not finished at the edge on one side - I observed that before I gave it to Mr. Peascod, who returned it to me - I marked the half-crown and gave it to the policeman C 70.
Prisoner. He did not leave it with Mr. Peascod - he gave it to a little boy seven years old. Witness. I did not - nobody was there but Mr. Peascod - there was a boy at the desk, but not where we were - I weighed the half-crown myself.
JURY. Q. Was the half-crown out of your sight? A. Yes; when I gave it to Mr. Peascod, who was coming down the shop, about twenty yards - I weighed it before the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  PEASCOD
               



            . I received a half-crown from Asbridge, and gave him back the same - I had sent him for a constable.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell him to give it to the boy at the desk, and say, one witness was quite sufficient; and you left it with the little lad at the desk? A. When he gave me the half-crown, I said, "Go for a constable," and at that time I gave the half-crown to the boy at the desk, knowingif I kept it in my possession, I should have to be a witness, and that would take me out of my business - during that time the boy was never out of my sight - one or two of the young men in the shop also examined the half-crown while the boy had hold of it, and by that time the policeman came in with Asbridge.
JURY. Q. Did you lose sight of the half-crown? A. Not while the shopmen were looking at it - I do not know that I saw it all the while in the boy's hand, but I saw the boy all the time - he was not in the desk, I called him out of the desk - he was at the desk when Asbridge went out of the shop.


                  JOHN 
                  FLOOD
               



            . I am a policeman. Asbridge came to me, about a quarter after six o'clock in the evening of the 6th of May - I went to the prosecutor's shop - the prisoner was given into my custody - I received half-a-crown from Asbridge, which I produce.


                  HENRY 
                  ASBRIDGE
               



             re-examined. This is the half-crown- here is a mark which I put on, after I received it from Peascod; and here is the mark that I saw on it when I gave it to Mr. Peascod - I noticed it when the prisoner gave it to me - I know it is the same mark - it is filed on one side.
Prisoner. It was not him that marked it. Witness. I did, in Mr. Peascod's presence, when I came in with the policeman - I did not ask where the half-crown was - Mr. Peascod gave it to me - I took my scissors out to mark it with - the boy did not mark it.
JURY. Q. Did you bring the policeman back with you? A. Yes; he was present when the half-crown was marked.


                  JOHN 
                  FLOOD
               



             re-examined. I was present when Asbridge marked the half-crown with the scissors.


                  ALFRED 
                  WILLIAM MELBOURNE
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Scott
               



            , a cheesemonger; and I live in Vigo-street. On the 24th of April, the prisoner came to our shop about four o'clock, and asked me to serve her with six pennyworth of eggs - I served her; and she gave me a bad half-crown - I said I would go and get change - I went out to the station-house, and brought a policeman to the shop, and gave her in charge - I gave the half-crown at the station-house to the Inspector Dewin - I had not marked it then - he gave it me back again - I marked it, and gave it to him again - I never lost sight of it before I marked it - he gave it to Rogers, the policeman, without my losing sight of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  STEWART ROGER
               



            . I am a policeman. I produce a counterfeit half-crown, which I received at the station-house from Dewin, the inspector.
A. W. MELBOURNE re-examined. It is the same I gave Dewin: and has my mark on it.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint - the two half-crowns produced are both counterfeit - they are made of britannia-metal and cast.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
