



1865. 



JOHN WELSH
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Tbeophilus Sunman, on the 
12th of August, at 
St. Mary Stratford-le-bow, and stealing therein 6 tea-spons, value 2s., his property: and 1 pair of trowsers, value 14s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 12s.; 3 half-crowns, and three shillings; the goods and monies of 



Richard Sunman.






RICHARD SUNMAN
. I am a labour, and live with my father, Theophilus Sunman, in Wick-lane, Old Ford, in the parish of St. Mary Stratford-le-bow. On the 12th of August, I went out, and padlocked the house—my mother had the key—she gave me the key about oneo'clock in the day time, and I went to the house—it is a lone house—I found the padlock had been opened, and hanging on the chain—I went in, and heard somebody coming down stairs—I said nothing, but the moment he opened the door, I caught him by the collar—he was a stranger—he struggled with me, and gave me a blow which knocked me down—I had a long scuffle with him, and at last he got away, leaving his coat and hat behind—he ran across the fields—I pursued, and lost sight of him for a short time; but he was soon taken—it was the prisoner—I know he is the same person he was taken without a coat or hat—on going into the room, I foud three silk handkerchiefs, and a pair of trowsers of mine removed, and ten shillings and sixpence taken out of the pockets of the trowsers—they were not carried out of the house—the three silk handkerchiefs were brought down stairs, out of my box—the money was found in the prisoner's coat pocket—I am quite sure he is the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long did you lose sight of him? A. For about ten minutes—I said it was half an hour from the time he got away till he was apprehended, but not that he was out of my sight—he was in my sight almost all the way he ran—I had seen the things up stairs on Monday morning—this was Wednesday.





MARY SUNMAN
. I am the wife of Theophilus Sunman. I was at home at half-past eleven, and made every thing secure—I locked the padlock, and gave the key to my son afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. When had you seen your son's handkerchiefs? A. On Sunday, when he had them in use—there is no other way into the house besides the front door.





RICHARD DAVIE
. I work for Mr. Hamilton, and am his son-in-low—my little boy told me of this robbery—I directly went down, and saw the prisoner crossing the field—I ran round in a contrary direction, and as soon as he saw me, he turned buck, and went on the bank of the canal—I at last found him concealed under the side of the bank, without a hat or coat.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you mean by being concealed under a

bank? A. A kind of shelving bank with rushes—he was lying down, pretending to be asleep—from the time I had seen him it was impossible he could be asleep—I am sure he is the man I saw running—I was about one hundred yards from him in the field, and his back was towards me—I did not see his face—the man I saw running had no coat nor hat on—I found three half-crowns and thirty shillings in his coat pocket.





JOHN DRUDGE
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody without coat or hat—the prosecutor gave me his coat and hat, and said it belonged to him—the prisoner said he knew nothing of it—the prosecutor gave me ten, shillings and sixpence, three half-crowns, and some other silver, and this small jemmy.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you search the prisoner? A. No; The prisoner said he saw a man put the money into the coat pocket—I asked if he knew who that man was—he said not—he did not say he saw the prosecutor put the money in—there were a great many people standing round.





RICHARD SUNMAN

re-examined. He left his coat behind him—these silver spoons were found up-stairs, not in their place.

Prisoner's Defence. I had just come out of the water from bathing.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
