



1767. 




ROBERT TERRY
, the younger, was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Thomas Ottrey Rayner, about two o'clock in the night of the 
18th of April, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 8 spoons, value 52s.; 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 20s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 4 coats, value 9l.; 1 card case, value 8d.; his property: 1 cloak, value 3l.; 2 coats, value 35s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 



John Rayner.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZA SMITH
. I am servant to Thomas Ottrey Rayner, a surgeon in St. Matthew's-place, Hackney-road. On Thursday, the 19th of April, I went to bed at twelve o'clock—the house was then fastened up securely—I got up at four or half-past four o'clock next morning—I sleep in the kitchen—I went towards the surgery, and on passing through the hall to the parlour I missed a quantity of coats off the pegs—I had seen them hanging in the hall the night before when I went to bed—I saw some hats on the floor which had hung up the night before—I went into the surgery and called the boy who slept there—I observed the shutter of the back parlour window half way down, and the blind moved backwards and forwards with the wind—I got on a chair, and observed the top sash lowered completely to the bottom—I called my young master up, went to the kitchen, and found two cupboard doors open—I missed from the kitchen two silver table-spoons, marked "T. H. R." and four German silver tea-spoons—the back-door was unfastened, top and bottom, but shut to—it was fastened the night before—that must have been opened from the inside—the wash-house window had the bottom sash up at the top—I missed from the back parlour cupboard a pair of silver sugar-tongs, marked "T.H.R." and two German silver salt-spoons—a pair of steps which were kept in the yard were removed from their place, and put under the window to enable a person to get in at the window, and there was dirt under the windows and on the window ledge—I found things moved from one place to another, besides what was gone—I had awoke in the course of the night, and saw the reflection of a light shine on the dresser—I was frightened, and covered my head over—I afterwards saw the light through the keyhole—I listened, but heard no noise, and went to sleep again, thinking I might fancy something.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were you the last person up? A. No—I left my young master, Mr. John Rayner, up—I was surprised

to find a robbery had been committed—I do not know How long I had been in bed when I saw the reflection of the light—it was quite dark, I am certain—there was a hole in, the shutter, where daylight comet in when it is light.





JOHN RAYNER
. I am a medical student, and live with my brother, Thomas Ottrey Rayner—I did not open any shutters or doors before I went to bed—I left the room in the same state as the servant did—I was called up, on the morning of the 19th, between four and five o'clock—I went down into the hall, and missed an old dress-coat, with a white silk handkerchief in the pocket, scented with musk; a Pilot greatcoat, and other articles, of my property, and some coats belonging to my brother—I found a pair of steps near the back-parlour window—I found a case of cupping-instruments broken open, and the instruments scattered about the garden—there were footmarks at the bottom of the garden, near the wall—I examined a desk in the surgery, and found things moved, but nothing taken away—I have seen this crow-bar which was found, and here is a small one which was compared with the marks on the box of cupping-instruments, and they appeared exactly to correspond.

Cross-examined. Q. You would not call this a crow-bar? A. Yes, it is a small one—I do not know that it is used by brick-makers—I saw Kemp, the officer, before I went before the Magistrate, and told him what had happened—I cannot say when I went before the Magistrate—it might be about the 12th of May—the prisoner was not apprehended when I went.

MR. PAYNE. Q. I believe the prisoner was never taken into custody till you gave your statement to the Magistrate? A. No.





THOMAS OTTREY RAYNER
. I am the occupier of the house—it is in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. I was called up by my brother on the morning in question, and missed a great variety of articles belonging to myself and others—my brother's evidence as to the state of the place is correct—I saw coats produced by a person who said he found them in a garden—there were brick-makers at work near the garden at that time.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you occupy the house yourself? A. I do—my brother is not in partnership with me—I have an agreement for it in my own name.





ANN WILKINSON
. I am now an inmate of the workhouse. When I went before the Magistrate I lived in Essex-street, Commercial-road—I am an unfortunate girl—I have known the prisoner two or three years—on Friday morning, the 19th of April, I lived at No. 3, Green-gate-gardens, Hackney-road—a young woman named Douglas, lodged with the prisoner—Terry was at home on the night of the 18th—he went out between eleven and twelve o'clock, and returned between three and four in the morning—he knocked at the door—I let him in—he had a gentleman's cloak on—I never saw any cloak like it before—it was a blue-black, or black—it had two tassels and a velvet collar—when he came into the room he pulled off the cloak and three coats—whether he had them on I do not know, but they were on his person—he pulled them off, and put them on the foot of the bed—they were a pilot-coat, a dress-coat, and a frock-coat—some had silk linings—there were four silver tea-spoons and two silver table-spoons—three of the tea-spoons were broken in halves; the table-spoons were not—there were two salt-spoons of a kind of gold

colour, and a pair of silver sugar-tongs—the prisoner went out, leaving the articles on the table—he said he thought the spoons were German silver—there were two white silk handkerchiefs, one figured all over, and the other plain with a figured border, and scented with musk very strong—Mary Ann Douglas asked him, when he came in, where he had been—he said, "To the doctor's shop at Cambridge-heath"—she asked How he got in—he said he got in at the back window, and stepped over a man-servant in bed, and he was going back again for three coats he had left in the back garden—he went out about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes after—he was gone about half or three-quarters of an hour; and when he came back, he said he could not go because there were brick-layers at work—he went out about six o'clock, and took the things with him in a box—he returned home between seven and eight o'clock—when he came in the morning he gave the girl Douglas 8s. 6d., and in the afternoon he gave me a sovereign to fetch a pot of beer, and I brought him the change back—I saw a pair of pincers in the house—the prisoner put them in the fire, made them red-hot, put them on the hearth till they were cool, then with a rasp broke them—this is part of them (produced)—I know this iron chisel—I have seen it before in the prisoners's house—I was there from the 17th till the 20th, at my sister's house—I saw it there on the 17th and 18th, but not afterwards—I did not have any share in the property, or assist in disposing of it—I was taken into custody by the police, and told what I knew about it—I and Douglas had a quarrel six weeks ago last Sunday—I was taken into custody a week after that—the quarrel had nothing to do with my giving this statement.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not say you would be revenged on this man, if you had an opportunity? A. No—I remember being taken to the station-house for a row—I never said I would have revenge against him—he never did me any harm—I did not threaten to serve him or Douglas out, after I went to the station-house—I did before—I went to reside at the house on the 17th—I was in the House of Correction on the 16th, for disorderly conduct—I have been there five times, no more—I have been six or seven times in the station-house, including the time I was taken for this—I was taken on this charge last Sunday five weeks, the 12th of May—as soon as there was any inquiry I spoke about it—the prisoner's story struck me as very odd, and frightened me—it was not what I was used to—I have been an unfortunate girl, but never was in any thing in that way—Douglas told me to get out of bed and let him in, when he knocked—it was just the break of day when he came in—Douglas got up too—she sat up in the bed, and looked at the things—I did not stay there after the I 20th—I then went to Essex-street—I told about this as soon as there was any inquiry—I should have spoken about it if there had been no inquiry—I did not say a word before I was taken into custody for a participation in the robbery—I did not tell the police—I know Kemp the policeman—he is no relation to me—his cousin married my cousin, I believe—I see him about the street, and speak to him when I see him; no more—I cannot recollect when I saw him first, after the 19th of April—I believe it was on the Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday after, but I am not sure—I saw him in Kingsland-road—I do not know whether he was on duty—he was walking along in the street—I do not know whether he had his uniform on—I went up to him and told him what I knew of the robbery—that was at the beginning of the week—I believe the Wednesday or Thursday

day after the robbery—it was not in April—you must give roe time to recollect—I was thinking it was on the Sunday after the robbery that I was in custody, but it was not—now I recollect myself, it must have been either the Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday week after the robbery that I told Kemp—it was in May when I saw him—I was taken into custody on the 5th of May—I told him first on the 29th of April—I told him who the person was—I did not see the prisoner again till he was in custody—I have no recollection of seeing him before—he was in custody before he was taken for this robbery—I had not seen him—he was about the streets from one place to another—I did not see him above once, and then he was going by the top of Essex-street—I do not think I saw Kemp again after the 29th of April till I was in custody, but I cannot recollect—I cannot say any thing about it—I do not know when I saw him—I do not think I saw him at all—I will swear I do not recollect seeing him from the time the robbery was committed till I was taken into custody—I had been in custody when I told him—I was taken into custody on the 5th of May—now I come to recollect it was the Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday fortnight after the robbery that I told him—I had been in custody, and was discharged—I was taken into custody on this charge on the 5th of May—that was when Douglas and I were quarrelling—it was on the 12th of May I was taken for this charge—I saw Kemp in Kingsland-road the week before I was taken on this charge—I do not think I saw Kemp between the time of telling him about it, and being taken into custody—I cannot recollect that I did—I cannot recollect whether I did or not—I might have seen him and forgotten it—I never heard any thing about the robbery till I was taken into custody—I heard there was inquiry about such a thing—I do not know when I heard it—it was in between times, but I cannot recollect when it was—I heard it from a person I know, named Edwards—when Kemp came and took me into custody, he told me he wanted me, and I went with him to the station-house—they asked me if I knew such and such things, and I told them yes—they asked what I knew about the matter, and I explained it—I believe Kemp was present—he was when I gave a description of the clothes—they only asked me about the coat and things—I did not hear them say any thing about the surgical instruments—they asked me about the coats, and spoons, and things; and I told them what I had told Kemp before, that the prisoner brought some of those things home—there were a great many officers there, for they were going out on duty—the inspector questioned me—I left Douglas because I was not safe there—they told me to get another place, as they carried on such a game there, and they would not wish to get me into trouble—I left on the Saturday morning, as this happened on the Friday—I took a room in Essex-street, and was living there when taken into custody—a man was living with me.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Although you have been in custody for disorderly conduct, were you ever charged with any theft or dishonesty? A. Never, and the policeman knows the same—the quarrel between me and Douglas was a week before I was taken on this charge—it was when I was taken into custody about the quarrel that I stated this—I was taken on Sunday, and discharged on Monday—I was a whole week at liberty—it was after I was in custody about the quarrel that I told Kemp—I have not been told by any body what to say on this occasion—I am speaking of what I saw myself, and no more—I never had any quarrel with the prisoner—nobody

at the station-house told me How the robbery had happened—I told them—I beard nothing about it from any body but the prisoner.

COURT. Q. Who was the first person you told about the robbery? A. Why, I believe it was Beck, the policeman—he was the first one I gave the evidence to—the first person I named it to at all was Mr. Godfrey, the police-sergeant—that was the day I was taken into custody for the quarrel, the 5th of May—I told Beck next, on the Monday night, the 6th of May, when I was discharged—I told Kemp next, I believe, on the Tuesday or Wednesday of the same week—I made a mistake at first—I am sure I did not tell Kemp till after I was in custody on the 5th of May—I went up and spoke to him about it, in the Kingsland-road, and I spoke to Beck about it in Kingsland-road—the prisoner was in custody on the 12th.





MARY ANN CHARLTON
. I am servant to Mr. Miller, who lives two doors from Mr. Rayner. On the morning of the 19th of April, in consequence of something mistress said to me, I went into the water-closet at the bottom of the garden, and found three coats—one is a very good one, faced with satin—Mr. Rayner was sent for, and identified them as his property—I believe this to be one of them—(looking at one)—I delivered them to Calnan.





MAURICE CALNAN
. I am a policeman. On the morning of the 19th of April, I went into Mr. Miller's, and received these three coats from Charlton—about half-past twelve o'clock on Sunday, the 12th of May, I was on duty in Kingsland-road, and met the prisoner in company with three other men—I followed him, and met another officer—I had received information relating to him—I took him into custody, and told him I wanted him to go to the station-house—he said, "For what?"—I told him, "For a robbery"—he said, "I'm b—if I shall go"—I had got hold of him—he got away from me—I made an attempt to retake him—he took up a stone about five or six pounds' weight, and said, "You b——b——, if I pitch into you I will dash your b——brains out"—I remonstrated with him, and said, "You had better put the stone down; if you use any violence with me you will suffer for it"—I drew my truncheon, and said, "If you don't put down the stone I will knock you down"—he threw it down, and ran into a court, called the Land of Promise—I followed, and brought him out—it is a court where very low people live—I had my truncheon in my hand—he laid hold of it, and we had a scuffle for it for ten minutes—he said several times, "You b——, if you do not let it go I will kick you"—a mob of about a hundred and fifty collected—he let go of the truncheon, and ran away—I attempted to stop him, but was stopped by the people, and he got away—it was about half-past twelve o'clock.





BENJAMIN BECK
 (police-constable N 197.) I was on duty in Kingsland-road, on Sunday, the 12th of May, at a quarter to one o'clock, and I saw the prisoner corning out of Black Horse-court, leading to the Land of Promise—I had information, and took him into custody—we had a severe struggle for a length of time—he scaled two gates, but I pursued him, and he did not succeed in getting away—he bit me severely, and kicked me several times, and threw my truncheon away—I at last took him in Maria-street, with the assistance of police-constable N 203—I had some conversation with the witness Wilkinson, on Monday, the 6th, about a quarter to nine o'clock—she gave me information about this.





WILLIAM BROOK
 (police-sergeant H 1.) I had occasion to search the place where the prisoner lived, No. 3, Greengate-gardens, on the 26th of

April, when I had him in custody on another charge—I found, in a small table-drawer in his room, this iron, this half pair of pincers, and this small hammer.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) I apprehended Ann Wilkinson on Sunday, the 12th of May—the prisoner was brought to the station-house that day in custody—when Wilkinson came there she gave information of the robbery, which was taken down in writing—she bad told me about it once before—I think it was two or three days before—she met me in Kingsland-road—I did not take her into custody till the day the prisoner was taken—I have not given her any information at all about the robbery.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know of her being in custody before? A. Yes—she did not state any thing to me about it then, she did to somebody else—I have been a policeman nearly ten years—I was on duty when I saw her in Kingsland-road, it was in the evening—I have known her two or three years—I do not think I had seen her above twice for a month before—I might have seen her between the 19th of April and the 7th of May—I do not know that I did, for she had been in prison, I believe—she came out a few days before the 19th of April, now I recollect—I had information of the robbery the morning after it was committed—I had no grounds of suspicion for taking Wilkinson on the 7th of May—she told me about the robbery, and who committed it—I took her on the 12th, on my own responsibility—I did not think proper to take her on the 7th—I reported her to the inspector—it was no use to take her till I had taken the prisoner—I apprehended her at night, and he was taken in the afternoon—I am not related to Wilkinson by marriage—I know somebody she may call a cousin—I do not know whether she is—my wife is not related to her, but I believe once, when I had her in charge, she said, "Give your own cousin a month!"—I was suprised at her saying so, and asked her what she meant, and I found that a cousin of hers, a very respectable man, had married a cousin of mine—I know her as an unfortunate girl, seeing her about the street, but not in any other way—I was on the look-out for the prisoner—I made every inquiry that laid in my power—the robbery might be well known in the neighbourhood, and was stated in the police reports.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you ever know Wilkinson on any charge of dishonesty? A. Never—I did not take her till I got the man she was to give evidence against—she has been at the workhouse since, and not in prison.

MR. RAYNER
re-examined. These coats are mine. On the Thursday night, the 18th of April, a lad-servant of mine slept in the surgery, near the door leading into the back-parlour—a person getting in must have stepped over the lad—I have no reason to suspect the boy's honesty.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you told the officer he must have stepped over the boy, who was sleeping there? A. I did.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years. (The prisoner had been nine times in custody.)
