




1048. 




WILLIAM MARTIN
 and 




SAMUEL BRODDOCK
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of February, 12 3/4 lbs. weight of sugar, value 9s. the goods of 



James Mortimer Howe.






FRANCIS RANSOM
. I am servant to James Mortimer Howe, of Camden-road, Bethnal-green-road. On the 20th of February I was in Whitechapel with a truck containing a basket and a tea-chest, with four loaves of sugar weighing half a cwt.—as I was proceeding along, on turning my bead suddenly, I saw a man in he dress of the prisoner Broddock run away from behind with a loaf of sugar—I had nobody to mind the truck, so I went on further, and then I saw Broddock, and another man not in custody, following me—I turned into Houndsditch, to deliver some goods at the Bell, behind Aldgate-church, and saw Broddock pass the window, and return—he was watching me—I went to the door, to be ready if anything as taken—he came back, and laid his hand on the back of the truck—I came to the door, and saw him turn and walk on the pavement with his

companion—he proceeded down Houndsditch—I followed and gate Broddock in charge on suspicion of being the man who took the first loaf of sugar—I afterwards found Martin at the station-house, with the loaf of sugar, which I have no doubt is my master's, by a mark at the bottom of the paper, which was on it when found—it resembles the figures 44,

Cross-examined by
MR.HORRY. Q. It was Broddock you saw going to and fro in the street? A. Yes; I did not see Martin till I got to the station-house, and then he was pointed out to me, and I said I had not seen him until then.

Broddock. Q. Did you see me take any thing? A. I am not certain—it was, a man dressed like you—I believe it was you—I missed two loaves of sugar.





JOHN CORNELIUS M'BANE
. I am an accountant, and live in Clifton. street, Finsbury. I was in Whitechapel, about seven o'clock in the evening, and observed the two prisoners, and another not in custody, watching the truck—it raised my suspicion, and I was looking for the street-keeper to tell him—I saw them going to and fro—next day I was at Lambeth-street on business, and saw the two prisoners in custody, and recognised them as the men who had been passing the truck at short intervals, and crossing the street, behind the truck—I had left them near Petticoat-lane.

Cross-examined. Q. It was dark? A. Yes—they crossed seven times—it is not a regular crossing—I did not see other people cross is that suspicious way—the truck was not going quite in the middle of the road—I was going in the same direction as the truck—the persons were not out of my sight—they did not go on to the other side of the way, they came on the pavement again—to the best of my belief the prisoners are the men—I believe Martin is one of them, and I swear it—I followed them about one hundred yards to the City boundary, and then had to go another way.

Broddock. Q. Did you see me take any thing? A. No, I have not said so—I saw you with the other two.





JOHN MANTEL
. I am a policeman. On Wednesday evening, between six and seven o'clock, I was on duty in High-street, Whitechapel, and saw Martin coming on the pavement from the carriage-way, carrying the loaf of sugar—he saw me coming towards him, chucked it down and ran away—I had not said any thing to him—I ran after him, crying, "Stop thief—my brother-officer took him—I turned back, and took up the sugar.





JOSEPH CRICKS
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on this evening, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I saw Martin running in Essex-street, and overtook him—I asked him what he ran away for—he said he did not know, he had done nothing—after having him a few minutes, my brother-officer brought up the sugar—as I took him to the station-house, he said "Mind, I have said nothing to you.

Broddock. The sugar was taken in Whitechapel, and I was taken a Houndsditch—I never saw this man before.

MARTIN—


GUILTY
.* Aged 26.

BRODDOCK—


GUILTY
.* Aged 36.




Transported for Seven Years.
