



1300. 




WILLIAM GORMAN
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
31st of March, 30oz, weight of silk, value 4l. 10s.; and 39 bobbies value 1s.; the goods of William Emerson; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—2nd Count. stating them to be the goods 



Eliza Allen.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





ELIZA ALLEN
. I live in East-street, Globe-fields. In March last I lived with JOSEPH SRURGIN, in Virginia-row, Bethnal-green, and was working as a weaver for Mr. Emerson—Mr. Bamber is the manager of that establishment—on the 10th of March last I received some Adelaide warp to weave from Mr. Bamber—I afterwards received seventy-bobbins of shute to weave into that warp—I received four lengthening bobbins—we have silk on them to mend any breaking in the warp—I did not know any thing, at the time, of this shute being taken away from my place—I missed it about a fortnight after it was gone—it was then discovered that it had been stolen—I told what Sturgin told me—I was then taken into custody—thirty-nine bobbins were gone, which are worth 2l. 4s.





JOSEPH SIVRGIN
 (a prisoner.) I was living with Allen, in Virginia-row I gave been committed to prison on this matter—I remember Allen

being taken into custody—I had been taken before—I told Mr. Emerson foreman, at first, that I did not know what had become of this silk—I afterwards told Mr. Gascoyne; but it had been found out before that—it had not been found out before I told Allen—I sold the silk to the prisoner—I told the policeman, as near as I could, where he lived—I do not know the name of the street—I sold him forty-five bobbins, about 28oz. of silk—he gave me 7d. an ounce—I was very badly off on the Saturday night, and had no victuals to eat—we went to the prisoner, I waited down stairs, while a young man went up who went with me and showed me where Mr. Gorman lived—the young man told Gorman something at the bottom of the stairs, and then Gorman told me to come again in a few minutes—I then waited down stairs while the young man went up—he was up a few minutes—he then called me, and Mr. Gorman asked me how much I wanted for that stuff—I said, "I don't know; pay me what you pay other persons; "he said, "That is 7d. an ounce"—we agreed to that price—he paid me 2s. 11d. for 50z.; and he told me, if there was any more he would pay me when I came for the empty bobbins—this was on Saturday—I went again on Tuesday for the bobbins, and took eleven more bobbins—he paid me for 60z., at 7d. an ounce; that was 3s. 6d.—I took eight bobbins at first—I got back the bibbins which I took on Saturday—they were in a basket, which had twenty or thirty more in it—he gave me the eight the first time; and every time after I had to pick them out of the basket—I remember leaving one bobbin that was a lengthening bobbin—the colour of this silk was Adelaide—I went five or Six times in the sane way, and always saw him—he paid me 7d. an ounce—the lower part of the house is a broker's shop, and I went up-stairs to to the place—I told the officer what sort of place the first floor was.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What did you do with the bobbins when you got them back? A. I took them home, and put then in the cellar; not that they might be used again, but for me to take up-stairs when I had opportunities—I intended to get more silk on them when my work was done—I should have purchased silk myself, and had it wound upon them—my intention was to purchase silk to substitute for this I had disposed of, when my own work was done—this was Mr. Emerson's silk—it had been delivered to Eliza Allen—it was not my intention to steal it—I stated in my depositions that I took thirty-five bobbins altogether, but since, I have recollected ten more—I was taken up about five or six days after it was all over, and then I stated where I had taken it to—I am twenty-two years old—I have been a weaver ever since I was ten years old—I worked for Mr. Emerson, and so did Eliza Allen—we were living together as man and wife—she fetched the silk herself—it was not with her knowledge that I made this use of it—I first communicated it to her on the Saturday as I was taken on the Friday after—I told her on the Saturday on which I took the last ten bobbins, and I was taken on the Friday afterwards—from what I ran recollect, I took 28oz. in all—when the silk is on the bobbins, the bobbins and silk are weighed together; and when the silk is wound off, then the empty bobbins are weighed.

COURT, Q. Did you weigh the bobbins? A. I weighed them the last time hut one, because there was one quarter of an ounce coming to me.

MR. BODKIS. Q. Did Gorman know that you were a working weaver A. Yes, all the bobbins I took had the manufacturer's name on them—any body could have seen at once whose they were—I asked the prisoner.

what I could have such silk for an ounce again—he said from 10d. to 1s.—if it had been 2s. 6d. an ounce, I had no means of getting it again.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Them the manufacturer's name being on the bobbins, you could easily pick them out? A. Yes, I took forty-five bobbins, and I took back forty-four—I forgot that one—I first took eight—the second time I took eleven and took back ten—I recollected it afterwards—it is not likely that I left any others—I left one, which was a lengthening bobbin—it was not so much consequence to me as the others were, and I forgot it—I remembered it the day after I went home—when I went home, I had the number written down on my loom-post—I took the eleven on Tuesday, and to ok them back on Thursday.





JOHN BAMBER
. I am foreman to Mr. William Emerson, a silk manufacturer, living in Spital-square, On the 10th of March I delivered to Eliza Allen a cane of Adelaide warp, it weighed 31lbs. 60z.—I gave four lengthening bobbins—the shute silk was worth 2s. 6d. and ounce at that time.





EDWARD GASCOYNE
. I am foreman to Mr. Emerson. I went to the house where Allen lived—I found about 9 1/4 yds. made, and 2lbs. odd of silk gone—Allen made a communication to me, and I took Sturin into custody—he told me what he had done with the silk, and in consequence of that I went to the prisoner's house with the officer, on the 9th of April—we found him at home—it is what we term a loombroker's shop, down below—I saw no articles of furniture for sale—a loombroker must necessarily be acquainted with the weaving trade—his house is in the neighbourhood where the weavers live—we told him what we came for—he said he had no objection at all to out searching—we went up-stairs and saw a quantity of rolls ticketed, which had no warp upon them—we searched about the place, and sixty-six empty bobbins were found, belonging to out factory, with the name of"Worland"on them, which was a stock that Mr. Emerson had purchased—I found a lengthening bobbin—it had Adelaide silk on it—I found some white silk on a bobbin with "Worland" on it—the shop bobbins had been died black in July, and were rather remarkable—he said he bought the lengthening bobbins that had the Adelaid silk on them, with some other brokering things—I think he said a plush-box—I think he said he might have had it two years—I am sure he represented that he had had it some time—he was then taken.

Cross-examined. Q. What is plush-box? A. A box in which they put velvet after it is manufactured—I think this Adelaide colour came up about two years ago—I know the prisoner deals in bobbins—Mr. Worland has given up business, and Mr. Emerson bought his stock—it may happen, in an extensive business, that the bobbins may remain unreturned occasionally—there may be an omission of one bobbin, a lengthening one more particularly—it is impossible to say how many hundred bobbins I have given out—the prisoner afforded me every facility in searching—he went and brought a ladder, when I asked if there was a loft. for the purpose of my ascending it—I do not recollect the officer saying, after we had searched, "We have not found the shute we came after" nor his saying. "That will do"—I heard that they let the prisoner go after he was taken up.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did he tell you he dealt in bobbins? A. He told me he had bought a quantity of bobbins.





JAMES HANLEY
. I am an officer, I went with the witness to the

prisoner's house, he was at home—I had not a description of the place from Sturgin—I went with a search warrant, in consequence of information from Mr. Gascoyne and the policeman, and brought away altogether sixty-seven bobbins—this is the lengthening bobbin that has the silk on it, and this one has a bit of white—I found them up-stairs, in the first-floor room of the prisoner's house—I asked him to account for the thirty-five bobbins—he said he bought some of one and some of another—Mr. Gascoyne said "I believe this Adelaide to be out silk"—and looked at it—the prisoner made no remark about that.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You found every facility in searching this place? A. yes—I found them after I had been there five minutes.





JOHN BAMBER

re-examined. These bobbins are Mr. Emersun's—this one with the Adelaide silk on it, I should say, from its general appearance, is one that I gave out—the name of Worland is on it—Mr. Emerson purchased the whole of Mr. Worland—I could not swear that the Adelaide silk I gave out, was of the same kind and colour as this—these black bobbins I can swear positively to—here is one with a little Adelaide silk on it. which is not ours—these other two were brought from Sturgin's house.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you not reason to believe that there are thousands of bobbins of this colour? A. Yes—I will not swear Mr. Wouland had not sold bobbins some months before he sold them to my master.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Are these bobbins sold in small quantities? A. No. not in general.





ELIZABETH ALLEN

re-examined. This bobbin is one I received from Mr. Emerson—it has the name of Worland on it—I did not notice the name at the time I received it—I judge from the colour and size of the bobbin—I had four lengthening bobbins, and two I am short of.





ROBERT BAYLIS
. I am clerk to the magistrate, at Worship-street. When the prisoner was under examination, he made a statement, which I took down correctly—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you take it at the time he made the statement? A. Yes—it was read over to him and he signed it—he was asked if he had any thing to add—the magistrate was not present during the whole of the time—he was when it was read over—(reads)—"I never saw the witness, Sturgin, before I saw him in custody at this office, when Mr. Hanley brought him out of the lock-up-place, and asked me if I knew him—I never bought shute or warp of him."

MR. DONE, Q. Did you not hear the prisoner state, that he bought and sold bobbins in the way of business? A. Yes, he stated that he used to buy weavers' apparatus, and there were bobbins among them.

Prisoner's Defence. Sturgin himself denied at the office that the bobbins were ever his, which had the Adelaide silk on—I bought a lot of things at a weaver's and in them was a plush-box, and these bobbins were in it—I never exhibited them for sale—I gave every facility to them when they came—when they came into the chamber where the bobbins were, Mr. Banley said, "You have not found the property you came after"—Mr. Gascoyne said, "No"—I said there were some more bobbins down stairs.
I took them down and showed them to them, and they found two—they then said, had I a loft—I said, "Yes"—they went up-stairs—I got a ladder—Mr. Gascoyne went up to search, but found nothing—he then came down and said, I must go with them to Worship-street, and then

they seemed to own the bobbins, but never matched the silk while I was there, which I said, I thought they ought, because they might see whether they were alike—I said, it was full six months before that I had bought this lot of weavers apparatus, where the bobbins were—after the examination, I was allowed to go home—to appear on the Monday; when I went, and was put in a room with an officer, Mr. Vann—he said, "You are right enough; they have not got a little against you"—I said, "I do not know, but I have come honestly by the bobbins; I did not buy them to get profit by, nor did I offer them for sale"—the silk is no use to me at all, and the bobbins were in the basket with others—I allowed them to take them all away.

JURY
to
JOSEPH STURGIN. Q. As far as you can judge do you believe that bobbin with the Adelaide silk on is the one you sold the prisoner? A. The bobbin is not—the silk I believe is the same—this other is the bobbin that I missed.

COURT, Q. Who introduced you to this man? A. A man who bought and sold silk thrums about the streets—I do not know where he is now—he told me he was going into the hospital—he gave me the name of Peter Lucas.





JAMES HANLEY
. I have seen after Lurss but I cannot find him—I have heard the name of Lucss in the silk-business.
(Benjamin Richardson, silk-weaver, of Fuller-street; Robert Entwintle, a silk-weaver, of 50, Hare-street; Samuel Scott, a silk-weaver, of No.11, George-street, Bethnal-green; Thomas Sewardson; Samuel Poor, a silk-weaver; Wm. Brown, of No, 3, King-street, Globe-fields; James Tucker, Phillip Sheel, and Samuel Shears, a smith gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury. 


Transported for Fourteen Years.
