



383. 




JAMES CARR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of November, 2 sovereigns, I £10 note, and I £5 note, the monies and property of 




George Row.






GEORGE ROW
. I keep a boot and shoe-maker's shop, in Kingsland-road, in the parish of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch. I know Mr. Wall—I owed him a balance of a bill to the amount of 22l. in all, but there were some goods that did not suit me—on the 21st of November the prisoner brought me a letter—it was very much like Mr. Wall's writing, but I would not swear to it—the letter is lost—I cannot find it—in consequence of that I broke open another letter, which had contained this money nearly a week before, Mr. Wall having promised to be in London on the day that the prisoner came—I put a £10 note, a £5 note, and two sovereigns, into a letter—I took the numbers of the notes, and called the prisoner, and showed him them—the prisoner made himself known to me as Mr. Wall's agent—I told him it was for Mr. Wall—he gave me a receipt for it—Mr. Wall lives at Northampton—this is the letter I gave the prisoner, with the money—this is the receipt the prisoner gave me—(read)—"Nov. 21, 1837.—Received 17l. 1s. 3d., of Mr. Row, for Mr. Wall.
"JAMES CARR."

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did the prisoner ever tell you it would be better for you to send your letter by the two-penny or general post? A. No—he said he was an agent for Mr. Wall—I stated that before the Magistrate—I thought he was Mr. Wall's agent, or I should not have paid him—I have not the letter from Mr. Wall—I lost it from the time the prisoner went out of the house—that letter gave no authority to me to pay the prisoner—I should not have paid him if he had not represented himself in the light he did—Mr. Wall demanded 22l.—he said the amount of his goods was 22l.—I had returned some goods and there was a discount—he did not know what goods I should throw out.





WILLIAM WALL
. I live at Northampton. Mr. Rowe was indebted to me about 22l.—I never received the notes, nor the money.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not address any letter to Rowe, authoriling

him to settle with any one? A. No, nor had I agreed to take 17l. for my debt.





WILLIAM PATEMAN
. I am a policeman. I found the letter that has been produced at the prisoner's lodgings.





HENRY PEARCY
. I live at a wholesale shoe warehouse in St. John's-street. The prisoner came there on the 8th of December, and asked me to change a £10. note—I got it changed for him—I wrote my own name on the note—I saw it again at Hatton-garden office—this is it—(looking at it.)

Cross-examined. Q. Are you in the habit of putting your name on notes that pass through your hands? A. In general I am—I can swear to my handwriting on this note.





FRANCIS LEWIN
. I live at No. 14, Cork Terrace. On the 12th of December I took the £10. note produced from a baker of the name of Fisher—I held it from the 12th to the 15th, and then paid it to my bankers.





CHARLOTTE HALL
. I am the wife of John Hall, he keeps a public-house in St. John's-8treet. The prisoner lodged at our house—on the 8th of December, to the best of my recollection, the prisoner took a £10. Bank-note out of a parcel to get changed—I saw the £10. note, and was asked to change it—I had the parcel in my possession—I received it from the prisoner to take care of—I gave it to the prosecutor.





GEORGE ROW

re-examined. The last witness gave me the parcel with my letter and some other papers—this is the £10. note that I put into my letter.




GUILTY
. Aged 28—


Transported for Seven Years.
