




2317. 




CATHERINE CRICK
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of July, 8 spoons, value 1s. 6d.;4 knives, value 1s.; 3 forks, value 6d.; 1 pepper castor, value 1s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 3s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; and 1 bed-gown, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



William Rhodes, her master; and 




JANE CRICK



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. BODKIN.conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM RHODES
. I keep a cyder-cellar in Maiden-lane, Covent-garden. The prisoner Catherine was my extra servant—I lost a great many silver spoons, glass, and other things—she had access to them,—on the 24th of July, I went to No. 4, Turner's-court, Bedfordbury, with Shackle—her mother, Jane Crick, had a room there—Catherine might have slept at my house occasionally, but I believe she lived with her mother—when I got to the house her mother came to answer the door—I asked if her daughter was at home—she said she was—the daughter had not been at my house since the Sunday before—I had then sent her about her business—I staid below for a minute or two, while Shackle went upstairs I went into the room on the second floor, and found Shackle there with Jane—I asked her for her daughter, she said she did not know where she was gone—I went into an adjoining room, and found Catherine concealed behind a bedstead—Shackle got her out, and took her into the next room where Jane was—Catherine had a small bundle in her hand which she gave to Jane, who put it on the bed—she tried to pot it out of sight—I said, "What are you doing with that?"—she said, "Nothing at all"—I went to the place and found the bundle, which contained some knives, forks, duplicates, and some other things, which are mine—Catherine then said, if I would forgive her, she would return every thing she had stolen.





JOSEPH SHACKLE
. I went with Mr. Rhodes to the house in Turner's-court—the prisoner Jane answered the door—she said her daughter was at home—I went up stairs with her, and left the prisoner below—when we got into the room Catherine was not there—I asked Jane where she was, she said she did not know—I said she did know, and she must call her—she went to the door, called, and went into the next room—she called, and some person answered that she was not there—Jane returned, and said she was not there—I then went into the next room, and found Catherine behind the bedstead, so that a person going in might not have seen her.

C. CRICK—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

J. CRICK—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners, on which no evidence was offered.)
