





Before Mr. Justice James Parke.
1258. 
               
                  ANN 
                  WELCH
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Land
                     




                  , on the 9th of June
, and stealing, 1 lace collar, value 2s.
            , his property.


                  MARY 
                  LAND
               



            . I am the wife of John Land - we live in Hector-row, St. Marylebone


. On the 9th of June, about two o'clock, I left the parlour, and went up stairs to dinner, leaving a great many things in the parlour - I had left the street door open, and the parlour door locked, with the key outside; I heard a sort of snap, and in two or three minutes heard the parlour door open and shut -I went down, but did not miss any thing; I went out, and saw Goulding on the leads next door - I asked if he had seen any body come out of my place; he said Yes, a woman, and she had gone into the next door - I went there, and saw the prisoner; I asked what she had been into my house for - she said she had not been in; I said she must, for she had been seen to go in and come out - she then said she was looking for a lodging; I said she ought to have knocked before she went into my place - she said she did not know there was a knocker; Clark, a Policeman, called that evening, and produced a collar, which I had left in my room when I went up stairs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOULDING
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at No. 61, Crawford-street. On the 9th of June I was on the leads which lead to Hector-row, and saw the prisoner, about two o'clock, go into Mr. Land's house, and come out in four or five minutes; I afterwards saw Mrs. Land, and told her; I followed the prisoner round into the New-road, and saw her go into a house in Newland-street - she came out, and went into No. 6, Little Queen-street: I afterwards saw her in George-street with a bundle - I told the Policeman, who took her; she had some things loose on her arms - I am sure she is the woman who went into Lands.


                  CHARLES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner, and found on her several articles belonging to another person, and among others this lace collar - she had a bundle; she said her bundle contained tea and sugar; there was some sugar, but no tea - she said the articles were her own.(Collar produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to inquire for a person who I lodged with, but never went farther than the door.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
