





1540. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     CLEMENTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 watch chain, value 10s.; 2 seals, value 10s.; 1 watch key, value 2s., and 1 pencil case, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Reeng
                  




               
            .
JEREMIAH REENG. I am a silk dyer
. On the 20th of September, I met the prisoner at the corner of Brick-lane, in Wentworth-street, about nine o'clock - I had been drinking something, but knew what I was about; I had seen the prisoner once before - she asked me to treat her, and I took her into a public-house, and then we went to her house in George-street


; we went up one pair of stairs to her room, and I went to bed, with the intention of stopping all night - she had not asked for any money, and I had no money about me - when I undressed I put my watch under my head, and the pencil-case was in my waistcoat-pocket - after I got to bed, she undressed and came to bed; it was past ten o'clock - it was intended that I should sleep all night with her; she told me to go to sleep, and when I awoke she was gone, and my watch and pencil-case were gone - I called in two policemen who told me it was about one o'clock; this was on a Friday night, and she was not taken till the Tuesday afterwards, when I met her and took her - I have never seen my watch nor pencil-case since.
Prisoner. Q. What public-house did we go to? A. To the Founder's Arms; there were several of my friends there - we had gin and water, rum and water, and half-and-half - I paid for two glasses of gin and water.
Prisoner. I am not the person at all - I never saw him till the 24th; and when I was taken there were two other women there, and he said he could not say that either of these were the women. Witness. I had seen her once before, and talked to her, and I saw her come to bed to me that night - I swear she is the woman.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



             (police-constable H 178). The prosecutor said he had been robbed of his watch and pencil-case; he described the prisoner - I had seen her four or five days before, but did not know her haunts - on the Tuesday after she was taken, and said she had sold the watch to a man named Smith - my brother officer went and took him - in going to the office, the prisoner said she did not care what she was done to, so long as Smith was liberated.


                  MARGARET 
                  ANN WEST
               



            . I am the wife of a police-officer. I searched the prisoner at the station-house, and found nothing on her - while I was stripping her, she said she took good care to throw the pencil-case away, and there was no pencil in it.
Prisoner. I never said such a thing; the first time I saw the prosecutor he came up-stairs with two policemen - there were two other women there; the officer asked him if either of those were the women; he said,"No" - I afterwards went down to get a pennyworth of pepper, and one of them said, by the description, I was one of the women - I said I was not, I would go where they pleased.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
