





1920. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ACKLING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 1 gelding, price 20l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gunn
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
HENRY GUNN. I am the son of Thomas Gunn, a farmer
 of South Newington, near Banbury, Oxfordshire


. On the 20th of July, at eight o'clock at night, the prisoner saw me put the bay horse into the field; I shut the gate, and next morning (Saturday) it was missing. On Monday, the 30th, in consequence of information, I found it at the Rose and Crown, at Heston, in Cook's possession - the prisoner was a drover's boy, and sometimes lived at South Newington.


                  EDWIN 
                  COOK
               



            . I keep the Rose and Crown, at Heston. On Saturday night, the 21st of July, at eleven o'clock, the prisoner brought this gelding to my house, and asked for aquartern of corn; he had some beer and cheese, for which he paid me; he appeared fatigued, and confused - he asked if he could sleep in my stable that night; I gave him leave, and locked him in - I went at half-past five o'clock in the morning, to let him out, and noticed that the horse was in a very bad state, distressed and fatigued - I asked why he did not feed his horse over night; he said he did not know - he said that he was coming from between Daventry and Banbury, and overtook a man with three horses, who asked if he wanted a horse - he said not particularly; the man said riding was better than walking, and he then took one of them - Heston is nearly seventy miles from South Newington; he got to my house about ten o'clock on Saturday night - Gunn afterwards saw the horse, and claimed it.
Prisoner's Defence. A man met me on the road, and gave me the horse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
