




2000. 




ANN CONLEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of August, 3 sovereigns, 5 shillings, and 3 sixpences, the monies of 



Thomas Jackson, from his person.






THOMAS JACKSON
. I have been in the 80th regiment of foot eight years—I left the regiment in New South Wales, but was discharged at Chatham—on the 10th of August I was in London, and fell in with the prisoner, about six o'clock in the afternoon, in Covent Garden—she was walking up the street—I was never in London before, and I asked her if she could tell me where I could get decent lodgings—she said she could get me lodgings—I told her if it was a decent house I would be obliged to her to show me, and I would pay her for her trouble—I treated her with a pot of beer, and gave her a small portion of gin—we then went to a house—we had a few words, and I gave her a crown for herself, and two shillings I paid for the room—we went up stairs, and went to bed—I folded up my trowsers, and placed them under the bolster—I had three sovereigns, five shillings, and three sixpences, which I had placed in my fob-pocket—I went to bed about a quarter before eight o'clock—I Was a little fatigued with travelling—I was just feeling drowsy, when I felt something raise my head—I might have been in bed three-quarters of an hour—I got up and felt, and my trowsers were not where I had placed them I found them on the floor—I felt in the fob, and the money was gone—I accused her of taking it—she was in the room, on the floor, not in bed—I had a few words with her, and she said she had not seen any money of mine—I called out for a policeman to be brought in—the police-man came, and I gave her in charge—there was one sovereign and two sixpences found, and one penny.





SARAH WHITE
. I am servant at the house in question. The prosecutor came with the prisoner—I knew her before, but the man was a stranger—he came about half-past six o'clock, and paid me two shillings for the first-floor room—the prisoner came down in about a quarter of an hour with a sovereign, and asked me to get something to drink—I told her it was not allowed in the house—she went up stairs again—she had her stays, shift, and petticoat on—I cannot say whether she had her shoes on.





JOHN KNIGHT
. (police-constable F 21.) About nine o'clock, on the 10th of August, I was called to No. 3, Legg-alley, to take in charge the prisoner for robbing the prosecutor—I went up stairs, and found them both undressed—the prisoner found a sovereign, and gave it to me—I found a sixpence and a penny in the room—the prosecutor had had a little drink, but was not tipsy.

Prisoner's Defence. I met this man in Seven Dials, very drunk, with another soldier—he had a bundle, I said, "You will lose the bundle if you don't take care"—it dropped, and I took it up—he said, "You take care of it, I will reward you for it"—he went into one public-house—they would not serve him, he was so tipsy—he went into another, and had a Pot of beer, and a glass of gin for me—he then went to another, and had mother pot of beer, and a quartern of gin—he pulled out a sovereign and some silver, and the other man said, "Take care of your little money, and get yourself a comrade"—he then said, "Come, I will show you where I "lodge"—they went out for about ten minutes, leaving me and another woman, and the bundle—the prosecutor came back—he asked me to get him a lodging—I took him up Long Acre—he went to a house, and paid two shillings for a bed—I went up stairs and took the bundle, and when we went

up, having the drop of gin, I suppose, I did not know what I was doing, no more than he did—it was then about eight o'clock-about nine o'clock I insisted upon going, finding where I was, and what a disgrace I had brought on myself, to pick up with such a low wretch—he got up, and said I should not go home—he took my pocket that was on the floor, and said, "Now you may go"—I said, "You sha'n't have my money, there's a half-crown and threepence-halfpenny in it—I insisted upon having the pocket—he got out of bed, and struck me, and gave me two black eyes—he struck me more than a dozen times—I hallooed murder—the servant came up, and he banged the door in her face, and said he would bung her eye—the housekeeper then came up, and said, "I can't have this noise, I must bare the police up stairs"-two policemen came up, and the prosecutor gave me is charge-first he said he had lost a sovereign, and then he said he had lost three sovereigns-when I said I wished to go, he dropped some money in the bed, the jingle of it was no more than a sovereign and a shilling-when the policemen searched, the bed-clothes were taken up, the sovereign and one sixpence were found in the mattress—I took up the sovereign, and said, "Here is a sovereign," and then the policemen took me to Bow-street-while the prosecutor was striking me, he dropped a sixpence, which was picked up at the water-stand, but he had given me two sixpences for myself—he did not give me five shillings-when I was searched, I had nothing about me but the two sixpences—the officer was sent back to the house to fetch the woman, and she had one pound, eight shillings, or one pound, eighteen shillings, in her pocket—the prosecutor said he had returned from transportation.

COURT. to THOMAS JACKSON. Did you tell her you had returned from transportation? A. No, I lost my arm in the service, and got discharged with a pension.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.
