



2063. 




THOMAS ENDERWICK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of August, 14 yards of woollen cloth, value 13l. the goods of 



William Henry Whiteman, his master.






WILLIAM HENRY WHITEMAN
. I am a draper and tailor, and live at Woolwich. The prisoner was my apprentice—on the 20th of August, in the evening, when I returned from London I found the prisoner in custody—I afterwards saw these three pieces of cloth—I heard that it was gone and then I missed it—this is it—it is my property.





MARY WHITEMAN
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 20th of August, I was in the prisoner's bed-room between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—the prisoner came down from the workshop into that room, which was very unusual—he saw me and he quitted the room very shortly after—I waited till he was gone, and looked into his box—it was without a key—I found in it a piece of cloth tied in a handkerchief—I took it into the cutting-room to one of our young men, and gave it to him—he went down and found in the prisoner's box another piece of cloth.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How many young men had you? A. About a dozen—I found this piece of cloth in the box just after he left the room—I did not see him do any thing to the box, but I saw him move another box.


COURT. Q. He moved a box which he had no business to do? A. Yes-no one occupied that room as a bed-room but the prisoner.





JOSEPH M'DIVETT
. I am in the employ of Mr. Whiteman. In consequence of something said so me by Mrs. Whiteman, I went into the prisoner's room, looked into his box, and found a bundle of cloth tied up in a silk handkerchief—this is the handkerchief—I believe it is the prisoner's—this is the cloth—the box had no lock on it—that room was only used for the prisoner to sleep in, but my box was in that room-when I went with the prisoner into his bed-room, he said he thought he should be as well out of the country as in it, and then he said, "Pray forgive me this time; tell the policeman to go away."





WILLIAM THOMAS CHITTENDEN
. I am a constable of Woolwich. I produce the cloth—I found a third piece in the prisoner's box—I searched him and found some keys which opened two small boxes of his-as we were going to the watch-house, he said they could not prove that he stole the cloth, and he might be as well out of the country as in it—I asked him, when I took the keys, what they belonged to, and he said to the two boxes belonging to him—I opened one of them, and in that I found this third piece of cloth.





WILLIAM HENRY WHITEMAN
. These are all mine—they all match where they have been haggled off with a knife—I had seen them safe on Monday night, and they were all right then—the prisoner had been with me eighteen months.





MARY WHITEMAN

re-examined. Nothing was kept in the room where the prisoner slept beside his boxes and the foreman's—it was used only as a bed-room—the prisoner had three boxes there—I went to the room to put a clean curtain up to the window—I did not say anything to the prisoner.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
