





612. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  BOULTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of March
, 45lbs. of lead, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        David Pool 
                        Nickinson
                     




                  , and fixed to a building
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  HAWKES
               



             (police-constable N 40). I met the prisoner in Angel-alley, Bishopsgate


, at half-past six o'clock in the morning, on the 13th of March - there was another person with him - they were both heavily laden with lead covered with a black cloth - I stopped them and asked what they had got - the prisoner said what was that to me, and they threw down the lead and ran away - I pursued them as far as Long-alley - they them separated - I followed the prisoner, who turned up a court - I saw two brewer's servants in front, and called to them to stop him, but they let him go past, and I lost him - I took charge of the lead, and went in the direction in which the prisoner had come, and found some new houses - I told the workmen I had found some lead, and we missed some lead from a gutter - I gave direction at the Bunhill-row station, and the prisoner was taken in about a week - I am positive he is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. How do you know he is the man? A. I tapped him on the shoulder, and looked him full in the face - he gave me a push on the breast, and threw the lead down at my feet - that staggered me, and I could not take him then - I was with him about a minute - I never saw him before - I pursued him eight or nine hundred yards - I saw his face before he came to me - I met him - it was as near half-past six o'clock as could be, and in Angel-alley.

WM. McDONOUGH
            . My father lives in Skinner-street - I work in Long-alley - I know Angel-alley - I was there that morning at half-past six o'clock - I saw the prisoner and another man - they threw down the lead, and ran away - I had known the prisoner before - I have seen him for three months before - sometimes two or three times a day, when he worked in Christopher-square - I am sure he is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am a carpenter. This lead was brought to me as I was at work, at Mr. Nickinson's houses in Angel-alley - I compared it, and it had been cut from the gutter.
DAVID POOL NICKINSON. These houses were mine - I know nothing of the lead.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in bed at the time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEMAINE
               



            . I live at No. 20, Christopher-square, Long-alley. I am a turner - the prisoner is in my employ - he lived in my house, and slept in an adjoining room - on the morning of the 13th of March, I am confident he was not out of bed till past seven o'clock - my wife went to light the fire, and she said to him, "George, get up" - I saw him in bed, and heard his voice - he said, "I am coming" - I do not remember Mr. McDonald calling on me that morning - the prisoner has been an honest, sober man - I never knew him to associate with bad characters.
COURT. Q. How far is your house from Angel-alley? A. About one hundred yards - I cannot tell how long it would take a man to run that distance, and jump into bed - my house is full of lodgers - they are all honest people, and keep good hours - the prisoner turns the wheel for me - he seldom gets up before seven o'clock.



                  CATHERINE 
                  SEMAINE
               



            . I am wife of this witness. The prisoner lived in our house - we take our meals in the room he sleeps in - on the morning of the 13th of March, I made the fire in the room where he was in bed - I remember Mr. McDonald calling that morning for a pair of pillars.
COURT. Q. What time do you go to bed? A. Sometimes about ten o'clock, sometimes later - the prisoner gets up about half-past seven o'clock; and when I awake him, he gets up at seven o'clock - I know Angel-alley and Long-alley - they are not far off - it is a large house, and many lodgers in it - the door is not often open - it makes a great noise when it is opened - I do not sleep very sound - I had gone to bed about eleven o'clock the night before - we had supped all together, and the prisoner went to bed - I did not hear the door open after that time - I did not hear any of the lodgers come in after I was in bed - they could not come in after the door was fastened, as it makes a great noise - when lodgers come home, I am obliged to get up to let them in - there is no key to the lock - there are ten rooms, and all are full of lodgers and children.


                  JAMES 
                  McDONALD
               



            . I am a bedstead-maker, and live in Tyson-street, Bethnal-green. Semaine turns for me - on the 13th of March I called at his house, at half-past six o'clock, for some bed-pillars - I know the prisoner - he has been employed there these nine months - the work-shop was not open - I knocked at the prisoner's door, and told him I wanted the pillars the first thing, and he said they should be done - I knew his voice.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
