




16. 




JOSEPH DAVENPORT
 and 




GEORGE VOLLAM



 were indicted for stealing, on the 
9th November, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., 6d., the goods of 



Robert Bolton, from his person.







RICHARD BOLTON
. I live in Beckford-row, Walworth. I was in Bridge-street, Blackfrars, on the 9th of November, a few minutes a after three o'clock—the officer came and told me something—I searched my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone—I had one like this in my pocket, and missed it—It had sent upon, it and it has so now—the officer brought the handkerchief to me.

Cross-examined.
MR. PHILLIPS
Q. You have no particular mark on the handkerchief? A. No.





PETER KENDALL
 (police-sergeant P 1.) I was in Bridge-stret about three o'clock and saw the ptisoner together—I saw Davenport put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and take the handkerchief out—he directly passed it into the hand of Vollam, who was alongside of him—I took it out of his hand immedialty—I had watched them for half an hour they had attempted several gentleman's pockets before.

Cross-examined. Q. Why did you seize them instanly? do not you know it is an indictabe offence? A. Yes; I did not know they were thieves at the time—they did not offer to go; if they bad, I should have taken them—there was another with them—I did not take this handkerchief frm Vollam's neck—I took his neck—the Magisrate did not order us to take it off—I told him I had taken it off, and he me to keep it.

Davenport I was going over Blackfriars'-bridge—I had just come to look for my father—I came through the crowd, and this said I picked the gentleman's pocket—I said I had not—I am sure I never saw the handkerchief.

MR. PHILLIPS. to R. BOLTON. Q. Was there not a crowed there? A. No; it was just the beginning of the crowed I got to it.

Vollam That is not the handkerchief he took off my neck.





PETER KENDALL
. I have it here

Cross-examined. Q. Why did you swear that the red one was the one you took off his neck? A. I knew it was one of them and one applies to another case.
(Edward Vollam, boot and shoe-maker; W. Oden, dyer, No.2 Church-street, Shoreditch; Sarah Martin, No 32. Junilee-place; and Sarah Ogden, gave the prisoner Vollam and good character.)

DAVENPORT—


GUILTY
. Aged 16—


Transported for Fourteen years.

VOLLAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 18—



Confined for Six Months.
