





184. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MAILE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of November
, 56 lbs. of horse-flesh, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     List
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH LIST. I keep a tripe-shop
, in Little Earl-street, Seven-dials


. I had 56 lbs. of horse-flesh boiled in my cellar on the 26th of November - I saw it safe at twelve o'clock at night - I missed it at seven in the morning; I found it at Mr. Strube's house; I could swear to it - I do not know the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  STRUBE
               



            . I am a tripeman, and I live in Little St. Andrew's-street. About ten o'clock on Saturday evening, Sanderson came and asked if I would purchase a quantity of horse-flesh - the prosecutor had told me, in the course of the day, that he had lost some, and described it; I said I would buy it - he said a man at the corner had got it; I saw Sanderson go to the corner, and take it off the prisoner's shoulder, in a sack - he brought it into my cellar; I told List to come to my house - the prisoner was still at the corner, and when he saw me and List he ran off; when List saw the property in my cellar, he owned it - the prisoner was taken at his own lodging the same night.


                  ROBERT 
                  SANDERSON
               



            . I am a costermonger. I was standing at my own door last Saturday night week; the prisoner came to me, and asked if I had any dogs - I asked him why; he said he had found a lot of horse-flesh, and he wanted 1s. 6d. for it, as it was of no use to him - he said he had it at home; I said, "I don't want it, but I believe I know a man who will buy it;" I went, and spoke to Mr. Strube, who told me to bring it - I went, an I got it from the prisoner; Mr. Strube said it belonged to the prosecutor, and he went for him - the prisoner then ran away.
JOSEPH LIST. It was my property; the private door of my house was open, and I suppose one of my lodgers had gone out - there were twelve feet of pipe taken at the same time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
