





1280. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CONNELLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, 1 blanket, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Bird
                  




               
            .


                  JOHANNA 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am the wife of Edmund Bird, who keeps the George, in West-street, Smithfield




. On the 14th of April I saw the prisoner leave our house with a large blanket in an apron - I sent one of the waiters after her; the blanket had been hanging in the passage to dry, and I saw it safe when she came in five minutes before.
THOMAS PROTHERO. I am an officer. I took the prisoner on Monday the 16th of April - I have not found the blanket.
JAMES BROWN. I was called by my mistress to go after the prisoner - I had been in the tap-room, when she came in; she had no blanket then - I gave her a light; I was up stairs, and my mistress called to me that she had gone out with a blanket; I went out, but could not find her.
Prisoner's Defence. A friend told me to call on them there, between seven and eight o'clock - I went, but could not see them; I then went out, and on the Monday morning the officer came and asked if I had been to the house, and if I had taken a blanket - I said I had been there, but I had taken nothing out; I saw no blanket, and if I had been seen to come out with it they should have stopped me.
THOMAS PROTHERO. I never asked whether she took the blanket, or whether she had been at the house - I took her there, and Mrs. Bird indentified her.
JURY to MRS. BIRD. Q. Was the prisoner a customer? A. Yes; she was well known in the place; I called after her, but she turned up a court and got away before the waiter could get after her - she had come in empty handed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
