




2813. 




JAMES MURPHY
 and 



THOMAS NELSON
 were indicted for

a robbery on 



John Russell, on the 
29th of September, and taking from his person, and against his will, I hat, value 6d.; I jacket, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 1s.; and I half-sovereign; his goods and monies; and immediately before and at the time of the robbery, striking, beating, and using other personal violence to him.






JOHN RUSSELL
. I am cook on board the Mary, of Hamburgh, and lodge in Bluegate-fields, Shad well. On a Sunday night, at the end of September, I was going home about eleven o'clock, and as I came down from the Angel public-house I saw four men coming towards me on the other side of the street—I never saw them before—the prisoners were two of them—Marphy said, "Give us a bit of tobacco"—I said I had none—Nelson came up, pulled my right arm, and struck me in the face directly against my mouth—it knocked my tooth out, and made it bleed—Murphy put his leg between mine, and tripped me up on my back directly—when I was down Nelson put his hand to my throat, and kept me down—they held me down for a quarter of an hour, and Murphy took my shoes off my feet, and my hat oft my head—I was hurt in my mouth, and they squeezed my throat, and made it sore—I lost a jacket, with a half-sovereign in the left pocket—they went away down Gravel-lane—I got up and went after them—I saw the officer was coming, and he asked me what was the matter—I had called out for help—I and the officer went on together—he caught both of the prisoners together—Murphy had my shoes under his jacket, and my hat on his head—as soon as the officer took him he dropped my shoes—I picked them up, and he shook my hat off his head—the jacket was brought to my landlady by a woman next day—the money was not in it then—I had seen the money in the pocket at the Angel public-house, where I had taken a glass of gin just before.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure about Nelson touching you? A. Yes—I have never said I was mistaken in him—there was a lamp over a door—I had had nothing to drink but a glass of gin—Nelson was not taken at the time Murphy was—he came to the station—house afterwards—Nelson's father has given me a sovereign since this to go down to Gravesend—I never said I would not appear against them—they coaxed me to do it, but I said I could not forego the charge—the other men got away—three of them were on me all together—one of them said, "Let the poor man be"—I am quite sure that was not Nelson he kept me down—the money did not belong to me, but the steward, and I took what Nelson's father gave me to give to the steward—Nelson's father coaxed me to take it—I have got my property back—I never said I wanted 17s. from Nelson's friends—I never asked them for any thing—I never said I had been fighting on Sunday night, and had pulled off my jacket and bat, nor that I was drunk.

COURT. Q. I thought you said the policeman stopped both the prisoners? A. Yes—they were both taken together—Nelson did not come to the station-house of his own accord—I meant that a man named Ireland came of his own accord—there had been no fighting at all.





THOMAS HENRY ELLIS
 (police-constable K 35.) About half-past twelve o'clock, on the night in question, I was going down Ratcliffe-highway, and saw the two prisoners, with two others, run out of Palmer's Folly, in a direction from Bluegate-fields—they ran towards Old Gravel-lane—the prosecutor followed them in about two minutes, without hat, jacket, or shoes, bleeding at the mouth—in consequence of what he told me, I pursued and overtook the two prisoners and the other two together, in Old Gravel-lane—just as I got up I saw Murphy drop a pair of shoes from under his jacket—I laid hold of him—he shook his head, and the bat fell off—I told Russell to take it up and take care of it—I also seized a man named Leary, who was one of the four—I took Leary and Murphy to the station-house, and Nelson followed close behind—I lodged the two prisoners at the station-house, then came out and apprehended Nelson—the fourth made his escape—Russell said Nelson was the one who ill-treated him directly I took him—he denied it—Russell was sober.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not Nelson first say he did not ill-use him at all? A. No, not till after Russell had said he was the one who ill-treated him—they were about 100 yards from where this happened when I saw them—I did not hear any cry untill Russell came up—Leary was discharged by the Magistrate—Nelson did not attempt to get away. (Property produced and sworn to.)

MURPHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

NELSON—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
