





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
2001. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SIBLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of October
, 1 pair of scales, value 2s. 6d., and 1 half ounce weight, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Chapman
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Chapman
               



            , and keep a tobacconist's shop
, in Ironmonger-row, St. Luke's


. On the 8th of October, about two minutes after I had used these scales, I heard they were stolen off the counter - I heard them drop; I ordered a witness to run-I followed, and met the prisoner in Old-street, in the custody of the officer, who had them in his hand-this was five minutes after I had heard them fall.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  CROSS
               



            . I live in the same house as Chapman; on the alarm being given I ran out, saw the prisoner going from the shop, and saw the officer stop him-I am quite sure he is the person; he was not out of my sight.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner running, and the witness following - I ran across, and stopped him about two hundred yards from the shop, and found the scales and weight under his coat.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along St. Luke's, and a parcel of boys were hallooing after a man, saying he had stolen some scales - I picked them up, and then they followed me; this young man came up, and said, "You have stolen the scales from the person I lodge with;" I said I had picked them up; the officer came up, and said he would not lose his time in that way.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
