



369. 




WILLIAM WRIGHT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of December, 3 shifts, value 5s.; 2 pairs of drawers, value 2s.; 2 night-gowns, value 2s.; 2 night-caps, value 2s.; 11 towels, value 9s.; 20 handkerchiefs, value 18s.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; 3 petticoats, value 3s.; 3 habit-shirts, value 2s.; 3 shirts, value 10s.; 11 collars, value 3s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 1 frill, value 1s.; 2 aprons, value 3s.; 4 curtains, value 1s.; 3 toilet-covers, value 4s.; 1 pincushion-cover, value 6d.; 7 napkins, value 7s.; 8 table-cloths, value 1l.; 2 pairs of socks, value 1s.; and 3 pinafores, value 3s.; the goods of 



Edmund Pontifex.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



John Futer—3rd COUNT stating them to be the goods of 



Jonathan Black man.






JOHN FUTER
. I am in the employ of Jonathan Blackman, a carrier Mr. Pontifex is a copper-smith in Shoe-lane—I had the care of ray master's cart on the 27th of December—it contained several bundles, belonging in different people—the articles stated were tied up in a bundle—which was going to a laundress in Wandsworth-road—the cart was standing at Mr. Caton's, in Bishopsgate Without, at half past five o'clock in the evening—I was waiting for some goods there, and was watching the cart—I saw a boy get into the cart—the prisoner was standing alongside—the boy gave the prisoner the bundle, and he ran off with it—I ran out and cried, "stop thief"—the prisoner dropped the bundle—he was pursued and taken—I am sure he is the person.





JOSEPH LLOYD
. I was in Bishopsgate-street, passing the tail-board of the cart, and saw the prisoner with the bundle—he was running, and dropped it—he was pursued and taken—I took up the bundle.






MATILDA ANN ANTHONY
. These are Mr. Edmund Pontifex's property—called over the things, and they were all correct—they were delivered to he carrier.

Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing the road, and the boy chucked it out of the cart—they took me, and said I had it on my shoulder, which I had not.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
