




1141. 




MARGARET WELCH
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
31st of March, 1 shawl, value 8s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 8s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 




Asher Isaacs, her master; and 




JOHN BLACKMORE



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.






JUDITH ISAACS
. I am the wife of Asher Isaacs, a wholesale clothesdealer, and live in White-street, Cutler-street, Houndsditch. The female prisoner came to live with us, as servant of all work, on the 16th of March—I am certain she had no money or clothes, except what she had on—she brought no box with her, and stated that she had nothing at all—on the Thursday evening, the 14th of April, she had asked my daughter leave to go out, and went out—I found her intoxicated next morning, when she was called in to breakfast—she went up-stairs, and I could not find her—I at last sent for a policeman, who searched her in my presence, and found a duplicate of the shawl on her—I found a half-crown and 2s. 6d. on her—I made further inquiry, and found property of ours at four pawnbrokers.





JAMES SPURLING
. I am a police-man. On the 14th of April I was sent for to the prosecutor's house, and found the duplicate of a shawl and 5s. on the prisoner—I afterwards went to Blackmore's, a tailor, who lives a few doors off Petticoat-lane—I found him at work on his board—I asked if he knew any thing of Welsh—he hesitated at first—I told him I wanted some pawnbroker's tickets belonging to Welsh—he hesitated—I said, "What is that little box on the mantel-piece? Hand it down"—his wife then gave it to me—I looked at it—it contained seven or eight duplicates—I said, "Here are some of the duplicates in the name of Welch"—he then acknowledged knowing Welch—he said, "Part of the tickets belong to me and part to Welch"—I said, "I will read them over," and to state what were his and what were Welch's and to be cautious—he claimed a pair of trowsers and a shawl, which the prosecutor also claims—I went to the different pawnbrokers and found the property.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What did you say to Blackmore? A. I asked him if he knew any thing of Welch—as near as possible those were the words—I believe I said, "Margaret Welch" but I will not swear it—he handed me down the duplicates without the smallest hesitation.





THOMAS FOX
. I am a pawnbroker and live in Whitechapel—I have a pair of trowsers, pawned for 5s., a handkerchief for 2s., and a shawl, all pawned on the 3rd of March, except the handkerchief—I do not know who pawned them—one is in the name of Brown—another, Mary Plant, and another, Blackmore—these are the duplicates I gave (looking at those found at Blackmore's).





WILLIAM PENNY
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a shawl and handkerchief, pawned by a woman in the name of Ann Conner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Welch's Defence. I have no knowledge of the articles lost, of of the tickets found at Blackmore's—the one found on me, of the shawl, I bought

of a female for 3s., not thinking it was my employer's property—the money found in my pocket was my own.

WELCH—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fourteen Years. BLACKMORE—


NOT GUILTY
. There was another indictment against Welch.
