



482. 




JOHN JONES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
20th of January, 100 lbs. wight of lead, value 20s. the goods of 



Jeremiah Long, and fixed to a building; against the Statute, & c.






JEREMIAH LONG
. I am a butcher. I have an unfurnished house in Mile-End Old Town—the gutter was safe on the morning of the 20th, and next morning I saw it had been stripped of the lead—I know nothing of the prisoner—this is the lead that was left in the gutter, and the other, that was at the station-house, corresponds with it—about one hundred weight was taken.





WILLIAM DAVIS
. I am a police-constable. On the 20th of January I was on duty in Mile-End-road at eight o'clock in the evening—I saw the prisoner coming, with a package on his shoulder—I asked what he had got—he said, "Cuttings of new lead"—I asked where he was bringing it from—he said, some new buildings at Bow—that his father was there at work—he was a plumber, and was going to take it to Hoxton—I took him to the station-house—I fitted the lead found on him to the gutter—it tallied exactly.

Prisoner. Q. I was coming towards you from Mile-End-road? A. Yes, you were passing me.





EDWARD KILL
. I am a carpenter, in the employ of Mr. long. in the same buildings. I locked the door at four o'clock on the 20th—the next morning I came at eight o'clock, and found the roof was stripped—I went to the station-house, and gave information—the door was not broken open—there was a back fence, which they got over, and in at the back window.

Prisoner. I had been to see a man who works for Mr. Long—coming home, I met a man, who asked me to carry the lead for him to Whitechapel church, he would give me 6d.—I crossed towards the station-house with the lead—the policeman was there—I took no notice of him—he followed me, and asked what had got—it was in a coat—I told him I was to take it to Whitechapel church—I knew nothing of any robbery, or I should not have passed the policeman.





WILLIAM DAVIS

re-examined. I found on him this knife, which, in the opinion of every man who has seen it, and a plumber who was present, has cut this lead—one of the blades is broken.
(Sidney Pontifex, a builder; William Pullen, a plasterer; John Campion,

a cow-keeper; and Richard Griffiths, a cow-keeper; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
