



1508. 




DANIEL HORNE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of June, at 

St. John, Hampstead, 1 medal, value 1d.; 5 sovereign, 3 half-sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 2 sixpences, and 2 pence; the goods and monies of 



James Smith, his master, in his dwelling-house.






JAMES SMITH
. I keep the Coach and Horses at Hampstead, in the parish of St. John—the prisoner was in my service. About a fortnight ago 1 went to bed about a quarter past eleven o'clock, and had 5 sovereigns, as far as I can recollect, 2 half-sovereigns, a half-crown, and some silver loose

in my pocket when I went to bed—I placed my trowsers upon a chair at the side of the bed—I left the door unlocked, and my wife up in the house—there was a foreign coin among my money—my wife awoke me when she came to bed, and my trowsers were then lying in the middle of the room, and there was not a farthing in any of the pockets, which were pulled right out.

Prisoner. He was tipsy all day on the Monday. Witness. I was not tipsy—I will not say I was exactly sober, because I had two or three glasses of ale and a pipe with a few friends, but I was not drunk.





ELIZA SMITH
. I am the prosecutor's wife. He went to bed about a quarter past eleven o'clock—he was quite collected—I went to bed about half past twelve o'clock, and saw his trowsers lying in the middle of the room, as if they had been thrown down, and the pockets empty—one pocket was turned inside out—I awoke him—the prisoner slept in the attic—he went to bed after my husband, but before me—he would pass our bedroom door to go to bed—I had noticed the day before that he had a rag about his finger, having a whitlow—I am confident this it the rag I saw him with the day before—(looking at it.) RICHARD NEELD. I am a policeman. I was called into the prosecutor's house on the morning of the 13th of June, about half past four o'clock—I went to the prisoner's room about half past five o'clock—we found him alone in the room dressing—I told him there had been a robbery in the house in the course of the night—he said he knew nothing about it—I found a half-crown and two sixpences about him after he had dressed, but nothing else—I took him to the station-house, and returned to the room immediately—I found six sovereigns, two half sovereigns, a coin, and two fourpenny pieces, underneath the webbing of the bottom of a horse-hair chair, which stood alongside of his bed, wrapped up in this piece of rag—I went back to the station-house and showed to the prisoner the rag—he said he knew nothing about it—I saw that he had then a very small piece of rag on his finger, which he was holding on with hit left hand.





JAMES SMITH

re-examined. This brass coin I know by the number 5 on it—I have had it about twenty years—it was among the sovereigns on the night in question—we had two soldiers in the house—one was ill and went to bed about three or four o'clock, and the other went to bed about eight o'clock—nobody slept in the prisoner's room—I left two or three people in the parlour when I went to bed.

MRS. SMITH
re-examined. There was nobody up when I went to bed—when my husband went to bed two lodgers were in the parlour, bat they went to bed before me—they slept on the same floor as my husband—we have no female servant—I know this rag by the tie of it—I have seen the prisoner wash it out and tie it on again.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

