




741. 




WILLIAM GEORGE TAYLOR
 and 




THOMAS TREW



 were indicted for stealing, on the 
2nd of January, 268lbs. weight of iron, value 60s., the goods of 



Samuel Palmer Gladstone.






JOHN HABGOOD
 (police-constable K 109.) I was in Robin Hood-lane, Poplar, on the 2nd of January, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening. I observed the two prisoners enter a marine store-dealer's with something very heavy on their backs—I went in, and Trew had just put down a bundle on the counter—I asked him what he had got—he said he did not know—Taylor then said that he had employed him to carry some iron belonging to his master, and was to give him 6d. for his trouble—I sent for assistance, and took them.





SAMUEL PALMER GLADSTONE
. This iron is my property, and was taken out of my shop in the East India-road. I am a shipwright—the policeman says there is 268lbs. of this, but I have not weighed it—I do not know the prisoners.





JOHN GOODIFF
. I am a smith in the service of Mr. Gladstone, I know this iron—it was taken from his shop—I saw it safe a few days before against the shop door.





GEORGE JAMES SIBUN
. I am a coal-merchant and a carman. Taylor is a servant of mine, and had at all times the key of my stable—when they were taken, Taylor said he took the iron from my stable—I did not see it there, nor do I know that it was there—my stable is close to the prosecutor's.





EDWARD SHAW
 (police-sergeant E 14.) I went to search Mr. Sibun's premises, and found 64lbs. of this iron belonging to the prosecutor.





JOHN SIMPSON
 (police-constable K 230.) I produce part of the iron found at Mr. Sibun's, and when Taylor was leaving the marine-store shop, he had 2lbs. of this iron in his pocket—he said he might as well leave it all, and pulled this out.


Taylor's Defence, I employed this prisoner to carry this iron, and was to pay him sixpence—it had been lying in Mr. Sibun's stable some
time
(Taylor received a good character.)

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—



Confined Six Months 
TREW*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Year.
