





328. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MILLS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, 1 silk skirt, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Griffiths
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Andrews
                        



.
CHARLES ANDREWS. I live as errand-boy
 to Mr. John Griffiths, of the Quadrant. On the 14th of December I was carrying a parcel for him, which contained a silk skirt, to Bridge-street, Westminster; a young man took it from me, and ran across the road with it he was about the prisoner's size, and was dressed like him: I cannot swear to his person - I believed at the time it was him.
Prisoner. Q.Did you see me snatch it from you? A. I could not swear it was you; it was a foggy night, I could not see above two or three yards.


                  HENRY 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I was at the corner of Carlton-street, about half-past seven o'clock that evening, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I could not see any body running - it was very foggy; the prisoner made for the street where I stood, and I made a snatch at the parcel - he darted into the road, and I after him; I scuffled with him, and knocked his hat off - he was secured by another person; he owned it was his hat. and wished me to give it up - I am certain the person who acknowleged the hat had this parcel, which was thrown down.


                  ROBERT 
                  ENNERES
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner, and have the property.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Mr. Currey, a hatter, for a situation - he was suited; I was returning, and saw the witness standing by a lamp-post - a man rushed by, and I thought he had taken off my hat; I ran after him, and I believe he dropped the parcel - a man in livery made a grasp at him, but missed him; he then took me and said, "I thought I would have one;" I said"It was not me" - I had dropped my hat, and then a man came and put my hat on.
HENRY LLOYD. I am certain the man I grappled with had the parcel - I knocked his hat off and took it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
