





1719. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           McKewan
                        




                     
                  , from his person; and that he had been previously convicted of felony
            .
ANDREW McKEWAN. I am clerk to a solicitor
, and live in Grange-court, Carey-street. On the 6th of September, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was on Blackfriars-bridge


, and am certain my handkerchief was in my inside pocket - my coat was open; I felt something touch my pocket, turned sharp round, and saw the prisoner with my handkerchief in his hand; one or two others were in his company - one between twenty and thirty years old, and the other about sixteen; I am not certain that the taller one was with him - I immediately collared him, and took the handkerchief out of his hand; I kept him in custody till I met an officer - I do not know what became of the others; I am certain of the handkerchief, from its appearance and the pattern.
Prisoner. Q. Are you sure it was me that took it? A. You had it in your hand.


                  ISAAC 
                  EASLEY
               



            . I am a watchman of Blackfriarsbridge. About half-past eight o'clock at night on the 6th of September, the prosecutor delivered the prisoner and handkerchief to me; he charged him with stealing it - he denied the charge; I searched him at the Compter, but found nothing on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A little boy told me there was a fire at Guildford-street, over the water; I was going over the bridge - two men were on before me, and the handkerchief was thrown right on my breast; I looked at it - the gentleman turned round, and said I had his handkerchief; I gave it him immediately.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROME
               



            . I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office; I am positive the prisoner is the person to whom it alludes; I saw him tried - (read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
