




1329. 




JAMES DAY
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of December, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 1l.; 1 watch-key, value 2s.; and 1 watch-ribbon, value 6d.; the goods of 



John Thomas Grottick, from his person; and 




GEORGE DAY



 for feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Stature, &c.






JOHN THOMAS GROTTICK
. On Sunday morning, the 27th of December, about one o'clock, I hired a cabriolet at the corner of Hart-street, Long Acre—James Day was the driver—I am sure he is the person—I had, at that time, a silver watch in my pocket, and a seal, key, and ribbon, with a guard-chain—James Day placed himself in the cab, by my side, I made no objection to it, he was in the cab when I got in—I directed him to go to No. 66 wood-street, Cheapside—I had been drinking in the evening, but was sober—I fell asleep, and no awaking, I found myself at Battle-bridge—my watch was gone—just at that time Day stopped the cab, and got out, and went round the back of the cab to the hourse's head—I found my watch was gone and desired him again to drive me to Wood-street—he said he would not, and was very impertient—I would not leave the cab, I called a policeman, and gave him in charge—my guard-chain was cut—Part of it remained round my neck—here is the seal, the key, and the ribbon.

James Day. He was in liquor when I took him up, and the policeman told me to take him to Wood-street—I took him there—he got out, and then got in with a female, and told me to drive him to Maiden-lane—I took him there, and then said he meant Maiden-lane, New North-road. Witness. No; I was not in liquor, I did not take any female in the cab, not did I get out at all.





CHARLES KNOTT
 (police-sergeant N 11) On the morning of the 27th of December I was at Battle-bridge, about three o'clock—the prosecutor called me—he state he had been robbed, and at the same time, I heard him desire the cab-man to pull up—he was driving very fast towards Pentonville-hill—I crossed from the pavement, and stopped the horse, and desired the cab-man to get out—I searched him, and afterwards I searched the cab—I found none of this property—I then took him to the station-house—he had 5s. 6d. in silver, and a knife—the prosecutor was sober—he appeared to me at first to have been sleeping, and rather stupid—it struck me at first he was the worse for liquor but when inquired of him the case, he became perfectly collected, and quite sober—this case was heard at Hatton Garden, before Mr. Laing, and he was discharged.





CHARLES DAY
. I am the prisoner James's cousin, and brother to George. I am a trunk-maker, and live with my father, who is a trunk-maker—I

went to Mr. Grottick's, on Tuesday last, at James Day's request, to know it he would prosecute James Day if he would tell where the seal was—I asked James Day as the same time, if he knew any thing about the watch—he said he did not know any more than I did, after George Day had had it—Mr. Grottick would not tell me whether he would prosecute or not—James Day was then at Hatton Garden—George lives at No.8. Denton-street, in January.

George Day. What he says is false—he came here only to get a few shillings for this prosecution.





GEORGE ADNUM
. I live in High Holborn, in the service of Mr. Benton, a pawnbroker. I produce this gold seal—it was pledged with me on the 9th of January last, by George Day, I believe.

George Day. Q. Are You positive? A. I do not say that I am positive, I believe you are the person—the address given was No. 6, Denton-street, Somers-town and the name of James Smith—that was where you lived at that time, as your brother Charles tells me.

George Day. I did not live there at that time—the seal has been pledged in the name of Smith which is James Day's mother's maiden name, that is how it came to be pledged in that name—I never saw any of the property—I heard of this seal being pledged about a fortnight ago, but not before.

James Day. I was the one that pawned it.





GEORGE ADMAN

re-examined. Is might he James Day that pawned it, but I believe it was George Day.

James Day. I came and asked you if you would take it in—you asked me how I got it—I said I got it in a raffle, and was going to raffle it again—I asked you if you would be a member. Witness, I still believe it was George Day that pawned it.





JAMES DAVIS
 (police-constable C 90.) The prisoner George Day was put into my charge—I took to the station-house and searched him, and then searched his cab—his sister went with me, who had lost some money, which she gave charge of him for—his sister went to the stable with me, which is in Lancaster-street—I found this box there—I brought it to the station-house, and a female who was given into custody with George on the other charge gave me the key—opened it and found this ribbon and key, which the prosecutor claims, and the license for a cabriolet—I referred to the police reports, and found one of them had been charged with stealing a gentleman's watch—I went and told George Day that I had found them, and asked if I had to take James Day, who was then with the cab, who was I to leave the cab with—he said it was a bad job, and that James Day put the key and ribbon there—he did not say whose box it was.

George Day. I have not been in the stabled above twice—they are my father's

COURT to CHARLES DAY. Q. What is your father's name? A. George Day—he lives at No. 10, Gray's-inn-lane—he has not stables in Lancaster-street near Judd-street—my brother George had stables is Lancaster-street because we could not suffer him in the house—he had the Lancaster-street stables when these things were found—my father had not had any thing to do with him for months—they have quarrelled—I am sure these stables are George Day's and James Day drives the cab for George from these stables—here is my father's card.





GEORGE DAY
. There is a license in the box which belongs to my

father, Witness, Yes, he hired a cab for him, because he thought he should work.

George Day. My father hired the cab, and James Day lodgers there and drives it—my father hired the stables with me—he is there every morning, and tales part of the money, and has horses out of the stables when he likes. Witness. My father does not receive any money from him, only the money he borrowed to buy the house—the box George borrowed of my father—George offered me the key and the duplicate of the seal is pledge a few days after it was pawned.

James Day. Q. Have you not been there for hourse when you wanted grain and wash? A. No.

James Day. Q. Did I not stop you a fortnight ago with a horse, and out the rains because you should not have it? A. Yes, that was when I was going for your sister's pigs—this box was had by George Day one evening—he wanted 1l. for the key and the duplicate of the seal—I described the key before I saw it again—it was George that gave me the key in my hand, and I looked at it—I tole him I would not have it, to take it back to the gentleman.

George Day's Defence. It is very seldom I go there—I knew that James Day slept there—I knew nothing of the property—I do not follow the cub trade—I am a trunk maker by trade.

COURT to JAMES DAVIS. Q. Where did you get the information where the seal was? A. From Charles Day—when he heard the key was found in the box, he said it was broken, which it is—he then told me where the seal was.
(Amy Thomas, a shoe-binder, of Burton-street, Cromer-street, gave James Day a good character).

JAMES DAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

GEORGE DAY—


NOT GUILTY
.
