




276. 





JAMES BENNETT
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of December, at 
St. George, Blooms burry, 26 spoons, value 12l.; 1 pistol, value 5s.; 1 watch-key, value 3s.; the goods of 




Charles Ridley, his master; and 1 watch, value 20s., the goods of 



Sarah Jackson, in the dwelling-house of the said 



Charles Ridley; and 





THOMAS BENNETT
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute.






SARAH JACKSON
. I am servant to Mr. Charles Ridley, who lives in Bedford-street, Bedford-square in the parish of St. George's, Bloomsburry; he is a surgeon. James Bennett was foot-boy to my master, for three months—on the 1st of December, I missed a watch, eight table, seventeen tea, and one salt-spoon—here is the pistol—this is the watch I missed—the spoons have not been found, except the salt-spoon—I saw them at half-past one o'clock, and missed them at two o'clock—this watch is when—I am single—James Bennett away and did not come back any more.

Thomas Bennett. Q. Is that watch your own? A. Yes, it is—It was in my possession.





RICHARD RANDALL
. I live at No. 9, Albemarle-street, Clerkwell, I am a jeweller and salesmen. I do not produce the spoons—most of them are melted, or sold—Thomas Bennett came to me about half-past one o'clock on the 3rd of December, to sell some silver—he produced twenty silver spoons, and asked if I bought silver—I said, "Yes"—he asked what I gave an ounce—I said, "four shillings and tenpence halfpenny"—he said, "Very well, weigh them," but before

that I asked if they were his own property—he said, "Yes, certainly whose do you suppose it is?"—I said, "Very well, I have a right to ask you the question"—they weighed 18oz,—I gave him 4l. 8s. 2 1/2d. for them—this salt-spoon I consider is one of them—there were some letters on some of them—the officers came last Thursday, the 10th, (I believe)about the spoons—they asked if I had bought any silver—the spoons had lain is the window several days for sale—I melted a few at one time, and a few at another, just as I had occasion for them—I might have melted some a day or two after I purchased them—I have no doubt that this salt-spoon is one I bought.

Q. Do you generally buy twenty silver spoons with initials or crests on them, from persons of that description? A. I am very young in business—I never bought any before—I have only been five months in business—the greater part of them were broken and bent ab—decidedly as old silver.

Q. Did you conceive that a boy of that description could have come honestly by twenty silver spoons? A. I had no suspicion that they were come by dishonestly—I consider that I gave a fair value for them.

prisoner Thomas Bennett. I asked him if he bought silver—he said, "Yes"—I produced the spoons to him—he said, "I will buy them"—he never asked if they were my own.





GEORGE COLLIER
 (police-constable E 38.) In consequence of information I went to Newmarket, and found the two prisoners there, at No. 3, Birds'-alley—I took them into custody—I told them what for—they both said they knew nothing about it—I searched them, and on Thomas Bennett I found the watch produced, and this pistol, (which was not then loaded—he said he had fired it off half an hour before he went into the house)—ten bullets, and a quantity of gun-powder, and 1s. 6d. in money—on James Bennett I found 11s. in money, and a coat and waistcoat—on Thomas I found this old stocking—I took Thomas to the cage—I took the other to the White Lion, where I stopped—two or three hours after I went down to the cage, and heard Thomas say he would make away with himself before morning—I called the constable, and we took his garters and shoes, and things away, and asked him what he meant—he said it was a very good thing I found him as I did—I asked what he meant to do with the bullets—he said, to put one through me, and then destroy himself, and her would destroy himself—I asked what he did with the spoons—he stated the next morning that he received them from his brother James, at Tottenham-court-road—that he waited outside while his brother James went into Mr. Ridley's house, and brought the spoons out in this old stocking, also the watch an pistol, and half-a-crown in silver; that they then went along the New-road, down to Clerkenwell, and he went to the man's house where he sold the spoons—he did not know his name, but he could show me the house—he said the spoons were never bent, or any thing, and that twelve of them were nearly new, and the man asked him no questions as to whose they were—he said his small scales were too little to weight them, and he sent up stairs for his larger ones, that he never told him the weight but said, "There is your money," and gave him 4l. 8s. 2d.—he said his brother was waiting for him at the corner—I went with Thomas Bennett to Randall's house—I sent him in to ask if he would but any more spoons as he thought he had not given him enough before, and to know if he would give him a better price—he went in, and Randall was not at home—Mrs. Randall said he would her in in half an hour, and he might either

wait or come again—I kept him with me till that time, and then sent him again—he came out and said, "He is at home, now"—I went in with my brother officer—I saw Randall, and asked him if he had bought any spoons of the prisoner—he said, "Yes"—I asked him how long ago—he said, "A month"—I said, "Are you sure of that?"—he said, "It is full three weeks"—I then asked what he gave—he said, "4l. 8s. 10d."—I said, "Are you sure of that?"—he said, "It was 4l.8s. and something"—he said it was brought there, and he never asked any questions, if they bought silver, he bought it—I asked what he did with it—he said he melted it down immediately—I asked how he came to buy new spoons with initials on them—he said it was a rule of the trade, if spoons were brought with initials on them, to melt them down.

JAMES BENNETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Life.

THOMAS BENNETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
The witness, Randall, was committed to prison by the Court.
