





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
458. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BURLING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
, 4 sacks, value 8s., and 4 bushels of oats, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Knight
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was called to go to the Adelphi, to take two girls, who were sleeping in a loft; I went, and found them sleeping on three empty sacks, and in the same loft I found a sack of oats - I took the girls, and my brother officer took the prisoner, from the girl's information.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRAITHWAITE
               



            . From the information of the girls, I took the prisoner, at the Bull's Head, in Hungerford-market: Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Knight
               



            , who is a corn-merchant
, claimed the oats.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATNEY
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Knight
               



            . These oats are his property; the prisoner was taken before the Magistrate on the Wednesday - I was not there, and he was remanded till the Friday; I then went and swore to the sacks - the prisoner occasionally worked for us; these oats were taken from a waggon, in the dark part of the Adelphi, where our barges go to; they were there on the 13th of January, and were to go to Northrow - I know the sacks to be my master's, and have every reason to believe the oats are part of sixty quarters which were landed from the barges.


                  JOSEPH 
                  EKINS
               



            . I am a barge-man. A load of corn was delivered to my care on the 12th of January, at the Adelphi; I assisted in loading the waggon - the loft they speak of is under the arches of the Adelphi, about one hundred and forty yards from where the waggon was - it is a loft not made use of, and I do not think it belongs to any one - sixty-five sacks were put into the waggon; I went for further orders, and the horses were put to it - the prisoner has worked for me several times, but not for a month before this; the oats were to go to Mr. Shenton, in Northrow - when they got there, one sack was missing; we lost three sacks about a month before - I was called to look at the oats, and have no doubt they belonged to Mr. Samuel Knight: the sack that had the oats in it, was marked 60, that I should know it.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I was in the loft with Mary 
               
                  Ann 
                  Farthing
               



            , the prisoner, and another young man; we went between six and seven o'clock in the evening - Farthing was going to sleep there with these two young men; they were out of place, and she had no home to go to - when she got up in the morning, she fell over the sack of corn; these three sacks were brought by the young men, from a stable where they had been sleeping before they came to that loft - I do not know who brought the sack of corn; the prisoner said if any one asked who put it there, I was to say I did not know - the prisoner jumped out of the loft window.


                  ALFRED 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Laing, a plumber. I went to repair some pipes under the Adelphi, and as I passed I saw the prisoner jump from the loft; this gave me some suspicion - I went into another loft from which the pipes were gone; I then went into this loft, and saw the two girls on some straw, covered with these sacks - I sent for the Police, and took them.


                  MARY 
                  ANN FARTHING
               



            . I went into the loft with Hudson; the prisoner and another young man were there - the sacks, were there before we got there.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the oats; I went into the place to lay down - I went in the dark, got up in the dark, and jumped out of the window.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
