





493. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DREW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, 1 saw, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Emanuel Barley 
                     Heath
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a carpenter
 - Heath is a shopmate of mine. We were working at Castle-court


; on the 11th of February, this saw was left safe when wegenerally went to dinner, but in consequence of having lost tools before. I stood about two hundred yards off to watch the premises - I saw the prisoner go in; I went nearer the door, and saw him come out - I said I must search him; I felt down him, but did not feel any thing - he said he had come from the Coach and Horses to look for a job; I said I would go there with him - in going along I felt this saw by his side.
Prisoner. Q. How do you know it had been there? A. I saw my partner using it just before he went to dinner - there was no one left in the house - about four persons had been employed there.
EMANuEL BARLEY HEATH. This is my saw. I had been using it at that house, which is undergoing a thorough repair - I left it there when I went to dinner, and to the best of my belief, I left it on the bench.
Prisoner. Q. Do not you know whether you did or not? A. To the best of my recollection it was on the bench.
Prisoner's Defence. The witness asked me what business I had at the work - I said I was a painter, and had not been at that house, but to a house in the Strand to ask for work, and in coming back I had seen the saw lay and took it up - he took me to the Coach and Horses, in going along I gave him the saw - when the prosecutor appeared at the office he said he would not prosecute, but the Magistrate said he must.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
