





OLD COURT. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 4.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
75. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CARPENTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he on the 7th of November
, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas George 
                        Jordan
                     



                  , feloniously did steal 1 tea-pot, value 1s., and 17 cigars, value 18d., his property; and 1 hat, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Williams
                     



                  ; and having committed the said felony, about three o'clock in the night of the said day, feloniously and burglariously did break the said dwelling-house, and get out of the same
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GEORGE JORDAN
               



            . I keep a public-house
 in Air-street, Piccadilly


. On Sunday night, the 6th of November, I went to bed between eleven and twelve o'clock- the house was all fastened; I was called up about half-past four o'clock, by the Policeman, and missed a tea-pot and these cigars from the bar; I know nothing of the prisoner, and cannot say how the house was entered.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Jordan. I was alarmed between four and five o'clock in the morning by two watchmen, and called master; I found the street door open, and missed my hat off a nail on the stairs, where it was when I went to bed - the watchmen are not here; they found the door open - I do not know the prisoner, and had not seen him before.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOSEPH WEST
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 7th of November, about a quarter to five o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in Oxford-street, about ten minutes walk from the prosecutor's house, carrying a hat under his arm, and another on his head; I asked where he got that hat - he said, "My master gave it to me;" I asked who his master was - he said a Mr. Pemberton, that he had forgotten the hat-maker's name, but he lived in Bond-street; I found this tea-pot in the hat, and that the hatter lived in King-street, Covent-garden - I was going to take him, but he darted across the road, and ran away; I pursued, and he was stopped by another Policeman - I went to the prosecutor's, and called up Williams; he had before been called by the watchmen - I found the door shut.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prisoner appear intoxicated? A. No - after he was committed he told the Magistrate a woman had given him the things, but he previously told me he had got into the back place, and fallen asleep, that he afterwards awoke, and let himself out with the things.


                  CHARLES 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I saw the prisoner stopped; the hat and tea-pot were found on him - I took him to the watch-house; he begged me to let him go, and said he had got a situation to go to - on the road he said he took the things from Jordan's public-house.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
