





1165. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     DARBY
                  




               
            * was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, at St. Mary, Islington, 1 brooch, value 10s., and 8 sovereigns
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Darby
                  




               
            .(See Sixth Session, p. 571.)
SARAH DARBY. The prisoner is my nephew - I lost this money out of a box at his father's house - I live in Field-street; his father lives at No. 6, Copenhagen-street


, and keeps a laundry - I left my trunk in the prisoner's bed-room; he lived at home with his father - I first left it there two years ago - I had a small box in that trunk, containing eight sovereigns; the trunk was always locked, and I kept the key - on the 10th of May, I went to take some money out, and found the trunk wrenched open, and the eight sovereigns gone; I missed nothing else - I did not suspect any body in particular - he had been living with his father, and had left about ten days, when I discovered this - I went to the police-station, and described him, as I suspected him, and he was apprehended in ten days - I never got my money.


                  GEORGE 
                  HAVILL
               



            . I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 4th of June in Chapel-street, Clerkenwell. from a description given at the station-house; I saw him sitting on the steps; I went up to him, and said,"Is not your name Darby?" he said, "No" - I was satisfied it was him, and told him I apprehended him for robbing his aunt of eight sovereigns; he said, "I will go with you any where, don't handle me" - on the way to the watch-house, I said, "I am persuaded you are the boy;" he said, "Oh! it don't matter, there are others in it as well as me;" and then he said two boys had persuaded him to do it; I said, he had better not say any thing; he said No, it did not matter, that he took the money, and went to a public-house and changed a sovereign, and one boy kept the change from him; and they persuaded him to go to Gravesend, and introduced him, to the landlord of the Marquis of Cornwallis, that he went to sleep, and the landlord took the money from him, and kept him while it lasted, and then sent him to London - I found a box of fish poison on him, which he said he gave twelve shillings for.
SARAH DARBY. I lost a brooch at the same time.
Prisoner. All the officer has said is false, I said I had been to Gravesend to look for work.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DARBY
               



            . The prisoner is my son; he left my house on the Saturday, when I was out; I did not expect him to leave.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
