



380. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Watson, on the 
3rd of December, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, and stealing therein 750 yards of silk, value 90l., and 470 yards of poplin, value 20l., the goods of the said 



John Watson.






JOHN FIELD
. I am in the service of John Watson, a linen-draper and silk-mercer, on Holborn Hill—he lives in the house, which is in the parish

of St. Andrew, Holborn. On Tuesday morning, the 3rd of December, at seven o'clock, I was taking down the shutters, and removing them up Thaives-inn, which is at the corner of our house, to put them in a box—I heard the latch of the shop door go, which is on Holborn-hill—I am certain it was latched before—I waited close against the door till it opened, and two men rushed out with a load—one turned up the hill, the other ran across the road—I hallooed after them, crying "Stop thief," as loud as I could, and the policeman caught the prisoner—I never lost sight of the prisoner—he is one of the persons who had one of the loads, which were 750 yards of silk, and 470 yards of poplins—it is here—it is my master's property—the other man made his escape—they both dropped their bundles.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far round the corner is your shutter place? A. Ten or fifteen yards—our premises consist of two houses—the door is near Thaives-inn—it was rather a foggy morning—the prisoner was stopped not fifty yards from the shop, in the middle of the road—I lost sight of the other man—they both crossed the same way, but turned different ways afterwards, one up the hill, and the prisoner down the hill—I was not fifteen yards behind him all the way—I did not see his face at all—I was within three yards of the door when I heard the latch lifted up—I had not seen any body go in.





JAMES HUGHES
. I am a labourer. I saw the prisoner coming out of Mr. Watson's door-way with a bag of things—I was at work in the street—he is one of the men who came out.

Cross-examined. Q. When were you first asked to give evidence? A. I told the prosecutor's porter of it the same morning—I Was standing in the street, about a dozen yards from the prosecutor.





CHARLES TILLEY
 (City police-constable, No. 205.) I was on Holbornhill, on the left-hand-side, and saw the prisoner running down the hill, in the road—I caught him about fifty yards from the prosecutor's—he ran into ray arms in the road—Field came up and gave him in charge.




GUILTY
 of Stealing in the dwelling-house, but not breaking. Aged 28.
—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
