



54. 





ELIZABETH HOUSEMAN
 was again indicted

 for forging and uttering an acquittance for the sum of 3s., with intent to defraud 



Henry Levy.






SOPHIA LEVY
. The prisoner was my cook for nineteen months—I employed her to pay tradesmen's bills—I dealt with Mr. Luckie, a poulterer—this bill was sent in to me, and I gave the prisoner the money for it—she returned the bill to me with this signature, "G. Smith," on it—I had had a variety of Mr. Luckie's bills receipted in the same way, and concluded Smith was in his employ.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any recollection of having given her money to pay that particular bill? A. I used to take down the different amounts of the bills on paper, and give her the money—I am quite certain I gave her the money to pay that, and she brought it to me as paid—I was not in the habit of paying bills at the shop—the money was given to her weekly to discharge the bills—she might go to the shops to pay them if she felt disposed.





HENRY LUCKIE
. I am a poulterer in Great Portland-street. I was in the habit of supplying Mr. Levy with poultry—this bill was made out by my young man who is here—here is "Paid, G. Smith," to it at the bottom—I did not sign it, and never authorised any body in my employ to sign it—I have no such person in my employ—I never received the money.


Cross-examined. Q. Who was authorised to receive money at your shop? A. Peermand and Lowe.





EDWARD PEERMAND
. I am in Mr. Luckie's employ—I made out this bill—the words "Paid, G. Smith," are not written by me—I never received the money—it is not the hand-writing of either of Mr. Luckie's servants.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons has Mr. Luckie in his employ? A. Seven; only one besides myself attends to the shop—the others carry out goods, and receive money if it is paid them—but this is not the handwriting of any of them.




GUILTY
 of uttering. Aged 27. —Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.




Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

