



1115. 




JOHN HODGE
 was indicted

for feloniously uttering a counterfeit crown-piece—he having been previously convicted as a common utterer of counterfeit coin.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the conviction of John Hodge, in October, 1832; I have examined it, it is a true copy, he was sentenced to be confined one year in the House of Correction at Guildford.





BENJAMIN ELMES
. I am turnkey of Horsemonger-lane gaol. I recollect the prisoner being tried at the Newington Sessions, in 1832—he is the same person—I do not know who took him to Guildford.





CHRISTOPHER ADCOCK
. I am a surgeon, and Live at No. 28, Chalcrofrterrace, Lambeth. I saw the prisoner on the evening of the 25th of February

—he came to my shop, and asked for some senna and salts, which came to 4d. he tendered me a five-shilling-piece—I looked at it, and weighed it, and it was a good one—he then said, he thought he had change sufficient, and I gave him back the five-shilling-piece—he took some halfpence out of his waistcoat pocket, and found he had only threepence—he said, "I have not enough, you must give me change;" and he then gave me back a bad five-shilling-piece—I saw immediately that it was not the same, and I took hold of his collar—I sent my assistant for a policeman—while he was gone, a woman and a man came into the shop—the woman stood by the prisoner's side during the time she was in the shop, but she was gone before the policeman came—I gave him into custody—I gave the bad crown-piece to the policeman—the woman who came in, asked for an ounce of salts—I did not observe her speak to the prisoner.

Prisoner. You put the crown down on the counter after you had weighed it, as I thought I had got halfpence enough, and when I found I had not, you took up the crown-piece and weighed it again—what made you do that? Witness. It had not been on the counter—I gave it back into your hand, and you put it into your pocket—I imagine you gave the woman who came in, the first crown, but I certainly did not see you give it her—I have taken bad money before, and a bad crown-piece, but I had not laid this one ready to give to any one—I saw you searched—there was 3d. found on you.

Re-examined. Q. Did you weigh the second crown-piece? A. Yes; it barely weighed a half-crown.





GEORGE SMITH
. I am an officer. I took the prisoner—the prosecutor gave me this crown-piece—I found 3d. in copper, on the prisoner—I did not get there in time to see the woman—the prisoner said, "It is no use searching me, you have had me before—it is only the same game over again."

Prisoner. The prosecutor was there, and he must have heard if that was said.

MR. ADCOCK. I went into the shop to see if he had secreted the crown among the papers.





JOHN FIELD
. This crown-piece is counterfeit.

Prisoner's Defence. I went into the prosecutor's shop for an ounce of salts and half-an-ounce of senna—I gave him a five-shilling-piece, and, as he was giving me change, I said I thought I had halfpence enough, but I had not, and I said, "I must change now"—he then took the crown off the counter, and put it into the scale again, and said it was bad, and he would swear that I gave it to him—the crown I gave him was good, and he must have changed it in his till, where he put it before he put it on his counter.

JURY
to
MR. ADCOCK. Q. Did you put the first crown into your till? A. I did not, nor the second either.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, MAY 11, 1835.
