



1769. 




WILLIAM COUNTRYMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of July, at 
St. Mary, Islington, 5 forks, value 3l.; 12 spoons, value 6l.; and 1 knife-rest, value 2s.; the goods of 



Joseph Trueman, in his dwelling-house.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WALLING
. I am a waiter at Highbury Barn-tavern. On Sunday, the 23rd of July, about a quarter or five minutes to twelve o'clock in the day, I was walking in Highbury-grove, and saw the prisoner getting out of Mr. Trueman's parlour window—he got to the gate, and three or four lads went up—one produced his hat, and he put some property into it—I thought it was something of plate, but could not be certain—I did not consider it right, and communicated it to another person—the lads ran away—I pursued, but did not catch any of them.





RICHARD WILBOARD
. I am a carpenter, and live in Cross-street, Wenlock-road. I was passing along Highbury-grove, and observed the prisoner leap out of Mr. Trueman's window—three or four boys came up to the gate, and then ran away—I pursued the prisoner upwards of a mile and then he was stopped by Faint—I took him back to Mr. Trueman's

and gave him in charge of an officer—he took him inside the court-yard, and I noticed him drop a spoon from the hind part of his person.





SAMUEL WOOD
. I was running after the lads, who ran from Mr. Trueman's house—after the prisoner was taken I assisted the policeman in going along the track the prisoner had taken over the fields opposite Highbury-place, and found four spoons and one fork—I had seen the prisoner jump over the palings and cross the fields, and it was in that track I found them—two persons also picked up three forks in the same field.





WILLIAM FAINT
. I stopped the prisoner, who was running—he said he had done nothing.

Prisoner, Q. Did not I ask you what you wanted me for? A. Yes—he said he would go back with me if I let go of his collar, which I did, and he went with me.





JOHN WATKINS
 (police-constable N 148.) Mr. Trueman's house is in the parish of St. Mary, Islington—on the 23rd of July I was near the house, on duty, and the prisoner was given into my charge about half-past twelve o'clock—I took him into the garden, and saw a silver tea-spoon drop from him—I took him to the station-house—he resisted, and did not go quietly—I produce the other property, which was delivered to me by Rose, my brother officer.





THOMAS ROSE
 (police-Constable N 108.) I went with the others over the field the prisoner had run, and picked up four spoons, and three forks and this knife-rest was picked up in die grove.





MARTHA BLAGROVE
. I am in the service of Mr. Joseph Trueman. On Sunday I placed twelve spoons, six forks, and one knife-rest, on the dining-room table, on the ground floor—I left the room, and soon after was alarmed, and missed all the plate but one large fork, three knife-rests, and one salt spoon—the articles produced are what I laid on the table—they are Mr. Trueman's property, and are worth 12l. and upwards.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.
