






1203. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARNEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 1 bag, value 1s.; 1096 penny-pieces, and 208 halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sampson 
                           Hanbury
                        




                     
                   and others
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GOW
               



            . I am in the employ of Sampson Hanbury and others. On the 12th of May this bag was stolen from a cart which goes round to public-houses - it is marked, and is one of ours.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. How do you know it? A. It is marked No. 87, which was put on it when it was made; I generally give orders for them to be made- the name of Trueman is on it; we have, I suppose, eighty or ninety bags - when they are worn out they are replaced by others; I do not know the prisoner.


                  JOSHUA 
                  BOUCHARD
               



            . I am a collector for the prosecutors. On the 12th of May I went to the Throwster's Arms, and received 30l. in copper - I put it in a 15l. bag, a 10l. bag, and this 5l. bag; I counted the copper, and sealed the bags up with this seal - I placed two bags on the shoulder of my assistant, who put them into the cart, and I put this 5l. bag in; I went back to write a cheque, and I heard a noise - I went out, and heard a woman-say, "I have a bag of money in my house;" I got on the step of the cart, and said, "I have lost a 5l. bag of copper" - I went into the woman's house, and got the bag of money; I did not see the prisoners.


                  MARY 
                  FAYE
               



            . I was standing in the middle of the room of my house, opposite the public-house - I saw Carney get up to the cart, take out the bag, and hand it to Bryant; Bryant came and threw it into the corner of my room, and said, "Let it be, you shall have part of it" - I said, "It shall not be here;" I went out, and told what I saw - I knew the prisoners very well; they both ran away at that time.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you on good terms with them? A. We never quarrelled; I knew them by sight- I never said to either of their mothers, "I have got them into a hobble, but if you will give me 20s., I will not appear;" they laid the money on the table, but I never received it.
Bryant. Q. Can you tell me you were in the room at the time I came in? A. Yes, I was in the middle of the room.


                  ROBERT 
                  PRENDERGRASS
               



            . I took Carney in Whitechapel on the 20th of May - Bryant was in the New Prison on a charge of felony; the witness told me their names, and described their persons, on the Monday following.


                  JOSHUA 
                  BOUCHARD
               



             re-examined. Q. Did Mrs. Faye tell you their names? A. She did afterwards - I did not ask her at the time; there were some persons assembled, and they said I had better go about my business, as I had got my money.
MARY FAYE re-examined. Q. Did you say if you got the money you would not appear? A. No - they have sent it me, but I never made use of it; I never made use of such a word - a man came to me at a public-house, and 10s. were put down, but I never touched a farthing.
Witness for the Defence.


                  MARY 
                  CONNOR
               



            . Mrs. Faye applied to me, and said if I would give her 2l. she would not appear, and she got 10s.
COURT. Q. Why did she apply to you? A. She sent a man to the prisoner's wife to give her 2l. and she would not appear - this was in Rosemary-lane.
CARNEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
BRYANT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
