





1840. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KNAPP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 12 combs, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Solomon 
                     Lloyd
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             LLOYD. I am the wife of 
               
                  Solomon 
                  Lloyd
               



            ; he lives near Regent-street. On the 14th of July the prisoner came to the shop, and said, "Mrs. Lloyd, I want some back combs, to be sent to Mrs. Johnson's young ladies to look at;" he desired them to be handsome ones - I looked them out, packed them up, and gave them to my daughter to take.


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             LLOYD. I am the prosecutor's daughter. I went with the prisoner and the parcel - when we got to James-street, Golden-square


, he turned round, and said,"Dear me, I forgot the dressing-combs, I wish you would go back, and fetch them;" he took my parcel - I turned to see where he went; he went to the step of No. 3, and appeared to ring the bell - I went to my father's, and procured some dressing-combs; when I got back to the house in the square, he had not been there.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did he take them from you by force? A. No; I had them loosely in my hand, and he took them, and said, "Go back, and fetch some more;" I turned back with them in my hand, and he said, "You had better give them to me, as the young ladies are going out this evening;" I did not say at the office that I gave them to him - I did not ask him to give me them back, as I thought his statement was right; I did not know him before - I was just turning round when he took them; I had him in my sight; I did not perceive him raise his hand to take them - I said I would bring these with the others; I will swear that was part of my answer to him - I did not say "Take them," nor put out my hand to give them to him.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am the officer. I have these twelve combs, which I received from Mr. Reynolds on the 16th of July.


                  JOHN 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I purchased these combs of the prisoner on the 14th of July, at my shop in Vinegar-yard, for 25s.; two days afterwards I saw a hand-bill, and gave information to the prosecutor.
Cross-examined. Q. Were they brought to you the same day they were stolen? A. Yes, between seven and nine o'clock in the evening - they are damaged, and I could swear to them among five hundred.
MRS. LLOYD. These are our combs, and the same I sent with the prisoner - I know them by the colour and shape, and by a scratch on them.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you put the mark on them? A. No, my husband does - it is a letter; they were not damaged when I parted with them; they cost us about 3l.; I think they are worth that now.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PASSENGER
               



            . I live with Mrs. Johnson, who keeps a ladies' boarding and day-school, at No. 3, Golden-square. There were no ladies there on the 14th of July - they were all gone home for the holidays.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you at home all that day? A. Yes, and two said servants - I attended to the door, and was there when the young lady came about the combs.
Prisoner. What the witness has said is true, except my taking the combs; she deliberately gave them to me.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
