





1408. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 1 cap, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Anderson
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Robert Williamson 
                           Anderson
                        



.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMSON ANDERSON
               



            . I am the son of Robert Anderson; he keeps the Antelope, in Frith-street, Holywell-mount
. On the evening of the 5th of June I was going home with my sister; the prisoner followed me for about three minutes, then took off my cap, and ran down Thrawl-street


 - I pursued, and cried, Stop thief! I caught him at the end of a court and asked him for my cap; he said he had not got it - a girl came down the court, and she said, "Halloo! Jack, is that you?" I did not see the cap - I do not know whether he gave it to her or threw it over the pales; I am quite sure he took it.
Prisoner. Q. Did you lose sight of me? A. No.


                  EDWARD 
                  PARKER
               



            . I was in the street. I saw the prisoner follow this lad two or three minutes - I kept my eyes upon him, and saw him take the cap off, put it under his arm, and run off; the young gentleman ran after him - he stopped at a court; I saw a girl come out and speak to the prisoner - she said, "Halloo! Jack, is that you?" he said Yes - the Policeman took him.


                  JAMES 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running down the street towards me; when I got up the young gentleman had him by the skirt of his coat - the cap has not been found.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home, and this young gentleman came and said I had his cap - I said, "You are mistaken, I have nothing but my own cap;" I have no friends to take care of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
