



1999. 




JAMES COLES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
14th of November, at 
Hillingdon, 1 ewe, value 30s., the property of 



Samuel Townsend.—2nd COUNT, for killing, with intent to steal the carcase.






SAMUEL TOWNSEND
. I am a farmer, and have land at Hillingdon, I lost a sheep in November last—they were safe on the morning of the 14th of November—I missed this on the morning of the 15th—Ewer found the skin—I saw it, and can swear to the mark on it—It had been carried away some distance, and was not butchered in the regular way—the head remained on the skin—I do not know the prisoner.





RACHAEL HAYNES
. I am the wife of George Haynes, who is now in Prison. In November last the prisoner came to our house at night—I do not know the date—I was down stairs when he came—It was between eight and nine o'clock, I believe—he brought nothing with him—he went out with my husband, and they came back again—Coles brounght a live sheep into the house—the legs were tied with his boot-la laces—he killed the sheep, and, after it got cold, he skinned it—he left the head on the skin—they hung the sheep up in the back house, and took the skin away—I saw the sheep opened, it was an ewe—there was a lamb in it—I saw the mark on the skin—It was "S. T."—the prisoner said the sheep came out of Mr. Townsend's field.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What time of night did he come? A. Between eight and ten o'clock—they went out and returned about ten o'clock—I was sitting up—I usually go to bed at any time before eleven o'clock, according to what work I have to do—I do field-work, and sometimes sew at home—I sat up to work for my family.





SAMUEL TOWNSEND

re-examined. I was present at the examination before the Magistrate, and heard the prisoner give an account of the transaction—It was read over to him afterwards, and I believe he put his mark to it—the Magistrate signed it.





JAMES DARVILL
. I am an officer. I saw the Magistrate sign this examination, and saw the prisoner put his mark to it—It was read over to him.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he asked if he had any thing to add to it? A. Yes—after it was read over—I saw the Justice write—I do not recollect whether he was asked any thing.

Middlesex (to wit.) James Coles who is charged before us with feloniously stealing a sheep, and after being cautioned by us, voluntarily says—That we (George Haynes and myself) were in Cooper's beer—shop, on Uxbridge-moor, where I lodged—Haynes often asked me to go and get a sheep, there or four times—On a very moonshiny night, Haynes said, "Will you go?"—We started and went into Master Townsend's field, where the sheep was—the sheep were laid down some, and some up, and he and I catched the sheep between us—we both helped to carry it to his house, and when we got in-doors there was no light—he waked her, (his wife,) and called her to bring a light down stairs—she got up and brought a light down—then he fetched a pan, clapped the sheep's neck across the pan, and stuck the sheep, and after the sheep had done bleeding, he takes and empties the blood down the necessary—we came back and helped to skin the

sheep—after it was skinned we tied the skin, head, feet, and gute all in a piece of old sack, went out of doors with it, and afterwards cam back and said he had chucked it into the river, near Lange-bridge—when he came back I left the house and went to bed—I left the sheep in the house—I went to work next morning, and afterwards to Haynes' house, and had some of the liver for breakfast next morning—Mrs. Haynes fried it—whatever became of the mutton afterwards, I know not—I never touched a bit of it.
The X mark of James Coles.
Taken before us, this 7th day of September, 1835.
Signed,
Thomas Dagnell.
Thomas S. Clashe.





ABEL EWER
. I found the skin next morning in Long-bridge-river—the head was with it—I showed it to master.

MR. TOWNSEND. That was the skin of my sheep—I expected it to have a lamb. 


GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Life.

Fifth Jury, Before Mr. Recorder.

