






Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
899. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  CHAMBERS
               



             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BOND
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        McLachlan
                     




                  , on the 26th of May
, at St. Clement Danes


, and stealing therein, 1 sheet, value 1s. 6d.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 1 linen cloth, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; and one waistcoat, value 6d., his goods
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN LITTLE
               



            . I am a single woman, and live in Ship-yard, Temple-bar


. The prosecutor is a bookseller, and lives nearly opposite to me. On Monday night, the 26th of May, between nine and ten o'clock, I saw two men in the prosecutor's shop - they did not come out - I afterwards saw the two prisoners go into the passage of the house - I saw nothing done inside the house - I saw them pass the shop door; that was all - I called my next door neighbour - we saw a light up in the first floor, and knowing the prosecutor was not at home, a policeman was sent for - I had seen the prosecutor go out.
JOHN McLACHLAN. I am a bookseller
, and live at No. 18, Ship-yard. I occupy the shop and first floor - the shopis on the ground floor - I rent it of a gentleman named 
               Bradwell
            ; but he is dead - he did not live in the house - the landlord does not live in the house. On the 26th of May, about a quarter past nine o'clock, I went on business to Lincoln's Inn - I had been up stairs about half-past eight o'clock, and saw every thing in its place - there was a sheet there, and table-cloth - I had given six weeks' washing out that morning to the laundress, and was going to put sheets on my boy's bed - the sheets were on a line - there was a table-cloth on the back of a chair - when I left the room, I locked the door and left the key in it, expecting to go up again; but I went out, and returned about ten o'clock - a number of people were about the house - some people were standing at the door - I went into the shop, and there found the key which I had left in the door, was hanging on a nail in the shop - the prisoners had been taken to the station-house - I went up stairs with the key to my bed-room, on the first floor - the door was locked - I opened it with the key which had been hanging on the nail - I found nobody in the room - the sheet was quite gone, and the other things which had been on the back of the chair were down on the seat of the chair - I saw the beds had been disturbed, and, on turning them up, I saw a parcel of eight pick-lock keys, a phosphorus box, and matches; the cover of the phosphorus box had been shown to me down stairs - they do not belong to me.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you occupy the whole house? A. I rent the whole house, and let the second floor; and the other floor is a warehouse - nobody lives in it - I left the key in the lock - any body going to see Mrs. Robinson, who lodged with me, might turn the key and go in - I have found the sheet since.


                  CALLAGHAN 
                  McCARTHY
               



            . I am a policeman. On the 26th of May, in consequence of information, I went to No. 19, Ship-yard, with a young man, named 
               
                  Henry 
                  Dewick
               



             - I found the front door open, and the shop-door also - I went in, and saw two men in the shop, looking at a book on the counter, and stooping down very low - I looked down to see who they were, and did not like their appearance - I turned out, and went up stairs, leaving them in the shop - I saw the prosecutor's boy standing at the end of the counter - he is not here - he was looking at the men, and appeared rather frightened - Dewick came to the house door with me, and stayed there till I turned out of the shop, and then I called him to go up stairs with me; and, when about the middle of the stairs, I saw the prisoner Bond going up the second flight of stairs - I took him afterwards - I went into the first floor room - the door was open - (this was just upon ten o'clock at night) - I saw the other prisoner Chambers standing on the floor facing me, very close to a large chest of drawers - I had a lantern with me - I turned the light into the room, and saw a sheet dropping from his left hand side, rather high - it fell on the floor - when I entered the room door, he made a rush at me to come out, under my left arm, but I pushed him back - he then turned to the window in front, and tried to lift it up - I caught hold of him, and he struggled with me on the floor - I forced him on the bed; but, before that, his hat fell off on the floor - I picked it up, and in it found a handkerchief and a black bag - I put him on the bed, called Dewick, and gave him into custody - I then turned out of the room, and met Bond and a woman on the stairs - I asked how he came to go up there - he said, "I went up to see this woman, she is an acquaintance of mine" - I took hold of him, and said to the woman, in his hearing, "Do you know any thing of this young man?" - she appeared frightened, and said, three or four times, "No, policeman, I know nothing of him, he had no business there" - I then turned him into the room; and, as I was going into the room, Dewick said to me, "This young man, whom I have got here, is putting something into the bed" - I looked, and saw Chambers' right hand thrust between two beds - his left hand was also between the beds - we took both the prisoners to the station-house, with the sheet, and searched him - I found a skeleton-key on Chambers - we returned back, searched between the beds, and found a phosphorus box and matches, and forty-eight skeleton keys - when we left the room, we pulled the door after us, and told the shop-boy to fasten it- when we came back, I found McLachlan there, and he opened the room door for me - we found this table-cloth on a chair, and this hankerchef, and an old table-cloth and waistcoat along with it - I brought them away with me- the handkerchief found in his hat is not claimed by the prosecutor.
Cross-examined. Q. You found none of the property on Chambers? A. No; nor on Bond - I found only one key on Chambers - when I first went up stairs, Chambers was in the room, standing by a chest of drawers, about a space from the door.
Q. Are you quite sure you did not meet him, and he made way for you, and go in the room? A. Certainly not- he did not move before I entered the room - the door was open, and I saw him standing there, and Bond going up the second floor stairs, where a Mrs. Robinson lodges - Bond told me that he was going to see Mrs. Robinson, who appeared very much frightened when I spoke to her.
HENRY DEWICK. I accompanied McCarthy to the prosecutor's house - I saw Chambers in the bed-room, on the first floor, and Bond was proceeding up the second flight of stairs - I went with the constable, and assisted in securing Chambers, who I found in the room - I saw him drop the sheet, which fell on the ground - he attempted to get out of the room, and the policeman stopped him - he then pushed towards the window to attempt to get out - McCarthy pulled him towards the bed, and gave him into my custody, while he went and took Bond - I saw Chambers shuffling something under the bed, but I did not know what it was at the time - after he was taken to the station-house, we searched under the bed, at the part where I saw him put something, and there were about forty-eight skeleton keys - I saw a table-cloth and other things lying on the seat of a chair.
Cross-examined. Q. You saw him shuffling about, were your near him? A. Close by him - I had hold of him - the policeman had left him at that time - I called out that he was secreting something under the bed - he could have secreted those keys without my hearing them jingle, because they were tied up.
MR. McLACHLAN re-examined. All the things produced are mine - the sheet was on the line when I left the room - I know nothing of the skeleton keys - Ihave marks on some of them - they were on the back of the chair.
Chambers' Defence. This young man asked me to accompany him to No. 19, Ship-yard, to a shoemaker's who lived there - I said I would - we were going up stairs - I asked which room he lived in - he said, "Come on up stairs" - he went on up stairs - and in a few minutes afterwards this man came up, and dragged me into the room, knocking me down on the bed with his staff - the key that was found on me belongs to the room I live in - I never had the skeleton keys in my possession.
Bond's Defence. I went to No. 19, Ship-yard, to see 
               Mrs. Robinson
             - I asked this man to come with me - he said he would - when I went up to Mrs. Robinson, she said how was I - I said very well - she asked what I wanted - I said "I have come to ask Mr. Robinson whether he would give me a job" - she said he was not at home, I must come again in about an hour - we were coming down stairs - I heard a noise in the court, and the policeman met Chambers turning the corner of the stairs, he up with his staff, knocked him down, and drove him into the room - I ran up stairs to Mrs. Robinson - she came down, and said she did not know any thing of me.
(
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wigley
               



            , of Ship-yard, Temple-bar, 
               
                  James 
                  Atkinson
               



            , No. 15, Plough-street, Fetter-lane, and 
               
                  James 
                  Boys
               



            , basket-maker, Ship-yard, gave the prisoner Bond a good character; and 
               
                  John 
                  Morris
               



            , of No. 4, Duke-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, shoemaker, gave the prisoner Chambers a good character.
CHAMBERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 

               Transported for Life
            .
BOND - 


               GUILTY. Aged 26. - Recommended to mercy on account of his previous good character
            . - 

               Transported for Seven Years
            .
