





211. 




GEORGE BARNES,



 JAMES BROWN
, and 




JAMES WILLIAMS
 were again indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Henry Braggini, on the 
18th of October, and stealing therein, 13 spoons, value 2l.; 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 pocket-book value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Julian Braggini, since deceased.






CHARLES HENRY BRAGGINI
. I live in Hoxton-square, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. I lost some property—I do not know on what day—my father, Julian Braggini, lived with me at the time—I understand some of his property was taken also—I do not know how the house was entered—I was out at the time—none of the property is here.





RICHARD EDWARDS
. I am chief-clerk at Queen-square Office. The late Julian Braggini gave some evidence, during his life time, which I took down in the prisoners' presence—I heard him sworn, and it was read over to him in the prisoners presence—(read)—"Julian Braggini, says, I live in my son's Charles Henry Braggini's, house, and am a merchant—on Friday afternoon last, about half-past one o'clock Lowe came and spoke

to me—I went into my parlour and saw a drawer open, where we kept the silver spoons, and found ten silver tea-spoons, two salt-spoons, and a mustard-spoon, missing; I also missed black coat off the sofa in the on the sofa half an hour before—I found the window sash thrown up, and the blinds open—the fastening of the window sash was broken before—when I put my coat on the sofa, the window was down, and the blinds too.
Signed, JULIAN BRAGGINI."





EDWARD LANGLEY
. I am a policeman. On Friday, the 28th of October, I saw the three prisoners together's going up King-street, Westminster, towards Charing-cross, about 12 o'clock—I saw them afterwards coming through Smithfield towards Westminster in a cab, a little before four—they got out of the cab and went into James's-court, Westminster—I followed them into the house, and went to room, the door of which was fastened within—I knocked, and it was opened—I found the three prisoners and two females in the room—all the prisoners had got their coats and hats off—I searched them, and found on Barnes 12s.—1s. on Brown, and another constable who was with me found 9s. 6d. on Williams—we did not take them into custody at the time—I took Williams next day, and found a bunch of keys on him—two of them have the wards filed out to make them skeleton keys.





JOHN LOWE
. I am a watch-finisher, and live with my father, who is clerk at a wharf, and lives at Hoxton. On Friday, the 28th of October, about a quarter past one o'clock in the day I was in Hoxton-square, and saw three boys in the corner of the square together, and they parted—I know Brown and Williams to be two of them—I saw Williams stand in the gate of the prosecutor's house, and Brown up in the corner—I saw Barnes go in at the window—Brown at that time was up in the corner, and Williams against the gate—I did not see the window lifted up—I saw him get in at the window, but did not see him lift the sash—I then went to the National School to see my brother, and as I came back I saw Williams and Barnes coming towards Brown with a coat—they went away together, and I went and told the prosecutor—I am sure I saw them all together—I believe I did not tell the Magistrate I saw him lift the sash—I might say so in my flurry, never bring at such a place before.

Barnes's Defence. On Friday, the 28th of October, I went with Williams and Brown to his father's house, in Brick-lane—he was about the house a quarter of an hour, and I and Williams stopped at the public-house—he came out of his father's and took a cab, being tired, and went home.

Brown's Defence. I went to my father's to get a clean shirt—it was not ready—I wanted to see a person at Somers'-town—I went there and returned—when my shirt was ready I put it on, and came to them at the public-house, and took a cab and went with them.

Williams's Defence. I was with Barnes.

BARNES—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Life.
(There was a third indictment against the prisoners.)

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

