





1303. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, 1 bag, value 4d.; 1 sovereign, 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Foster
               




            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I keep a ham and beef shop
 in Lower Seymour-street


. On the afternoon of the 16th of May the prisoner and another lad came to the shop, and asked for two 1d. saveloys; I said I had no 1d. ones, they should have two for 2 1/2d. - the prisoner paid 1 1/2d. for one, and left the shop; I went and spoke to my wife on the stairs - I then came into the shop, and saw the prisoner behind the counter, at the end of it; I asked what he wanted- he said, "You said we should have two for 2 1/2d.," and he threw down 1d. and took a saveloy; I went to put the penny into the till, and missed the money stated - I ran after the prisoner, and brought him back to my shop; he threw something away, went down on his knees, and begged pardon; he afterwards showed me my money in a dish- there was the bag and 1l. 3s. 6d. in it; I am sure it had been in my till; I had counted it ten minutes before they came in.


                  JAMES 
                  WELLS
               



             (Police-constable S 30). I was called to take the prisoner - I saw a dish in the shop; I took from it this bag, with 1l. 3s. 6d. in it: I took the prisoner into the parlour, and found a saveloy on him - he went on his knees, begged the prosecutor to forgive him, and said he would do so no more.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FOSTER
               



             re-examined. Q. Are you sure you saw him throw something towards the dish? A. He made a motion that way; I did not see it go, but he pointed it out in the dish, among the gravy.
Prisoner's Defence. I went for a saveloy - a boy ran from behind the counter, and I asked him for it; he went to some beef, and began to pick it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
