





2408. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     ELLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of August
, 48 locks, value 18s.; 4 gross of screws, value 4s.; 50 pairs of hinges, value 7s.; 24 locks, value 7s., and 30 gross of screws, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Hawkins
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARPHAM
               



            . I was in the service of the prosecutor in August. I know this dozen of locks to be his property; there is something peculiar about the make of the lock, but more about the make of the key; the bit of it is short, and it is not glazed as they generally are - they are common locks, but of a different description to the generality of them; they came to my master's on the 9th of August, from Mr. Wright, of Wolverhampton; the basket was unpacked on the 10th of August, which was Friday, and on the Tuesday following I looked on the shelf on which I had placed the parcels, and missed some of them, but did not notice how many; nineteen dozen came, and I believe one dozen was missing - I had not sold any.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Did you unpack them? A. Yes, and marked them all; they came in four and six dozen papers - the papers have been taken off these - they are worth 3s. a dozen.


                  EDWARD 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am a wholesale ironmonger, and live at Wolverhampton. On the 9th of August I sent some parcels of locks to Mr. Hawkins, these are a part of the nineteen dozen I sent him; they are made to a particular pattern - there is something peculiar about the bolt and the key; we never had more than the nineteen dozen which we sent to the prosecutor.
Cross-examined. Q. Were they ordered from this particular pattern? A. No, but from my representation; another manufacturer might have such, but I should think it very unlikely; I saw them packed, and these are the locks.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLINGTON
               



            . I am a lock-manufacturer, and live near Wolverhampton. These locks are my make, I made nineteen dozen of them for Mr. Wright - they are my own work, and I can swear to it.


                  JAMES 
                  TILT
               



             (Police-serjeant G 7.) On the 14th of August I took the prisoner, and on the same day I went to Belletti's, and got these four parcels of locks; and on the day following I got from Johnson's, in Long-alley, four parcels of screws, which he marked at the time.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prisoner voluntarily surrender himself? A. I went to his house, and left a message for him to meet me, which he did.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BELLETTI
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Skinner-street, Bishopsgate. On the 13th of August I bought these four parcels of locks of the prisoner - I gave him 11s. for the four dozen, which is 1s. less than I could have bought them for of the prosecutor.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know how he got his living? A. I always understood that he bought goods at sales - I have bought of him three times, and asked if he got them honestly; I have known him by sight for years.


                  EDMUND 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Long-alley. I bought these four parcels of screws of 
               
                  Moss 
                  Woolf
               



             on the Thursday, and on the Wednesday following I gave them to the officer.


                  MOSS 
                  WOOLF
               



            . I am a general-dealer, and live in Sandy's-row. I bought a few screws of the prisoner eleven or twelve weeks ago - these look like part of whatI bought of him; I sold them to Johnson - they were in paper, and marked like these.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever been in this Court before? A. Yes, as a prosecutor and a witness - I was at a Police-office on a charge of murder, but no other charge.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 30th of August I went to Mr. Griffin's, and received six gross of half-inch screws, No. 1, thirty-three pairs of desk-hinges, and ten pairs of half-inch stock butthinges; and on the next morning I went in again, and received a dozen of small brass caddy-locks.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Bowling-green-walk, Hoxton. I delivered these articles to the officer - I had them of Robert Maddocks the beginning of August.
ROBERT MADDOCKS. I live in East-street, Hoxton, and am an ironmonger. I sold these articles to Griffin -I bought them of the prisoner, and sold them the same hour; I did not ask the prisoner where he got them - I bought twelve gross of him, and he offered me twelve gross more.
Cross-examined. Q. Is there any thing particular about these screws? A. They are not so much used as thicker ones are; I think I gave 3s. for them; I should not have given above 2d. a dozen more for them at a shop.


                  JAMES 
                  LUDSON
               



            . I am a portable-desk maker, and live in Princes-street. In the middle of August I bought twenty-four gross of screws, and a dozen locks of the prisoner; I put the locks into a drawer, and delivered them to Tilt, the officer.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. Yes; it was quite an open transaction - I could have bought them nearly as cheap at the prosecutor's shop.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELDER
               



            . I am an errand-boy in Mr. Hawkins' employ. I remember marking some parcels of screws of his - these are a part of what I marked.
Cross-examined. Q. I take it for granted you mark a great many articles? A. Yes, and many of the parcels I mark are sold with the mark on them; some are opened.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am an ironmonger, and live in Chiswell-street. This is one of the nineteen dozen of locks which came to my warehouse on the 9th of August - I saw them all on the counter the next day, and opened one of the parcels; none of them had been sold.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you see to every article sold in your shop? A. No; I have two other persons who sell in my shop.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. On the 14th of August how many did you find left? A. Only eighteen.


                  THOMAS 
                  JUKES
               



             STIRRUP. I am the prosecutor's shopman. I did not sell any of these locks previous to the 14th of August.
Cross-examined. Q. Who else sells in the shop? A. The apprentice, but never but when I am there.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought these screws at Mr. Hawkins' shop, as I was going into a little way of business.
MR. HAWKINS. I never saw him in my life.


                  THOMAS 
                  JUKES STIRRUP
               



            . I never saw him in my life.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
