





2018. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     KEEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of July
, 6 spoons, value 25s., and 1 pair of sugartongs, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Hart
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN HART
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Hart
               



             - we lodge on a first floor in Claremont-place


; the prisoner occupied the kitchen, and so did I, for cooking and other purposes. I lost my silver spoons out of the kitchen - I taxed her with them; she denied it - she was a servant out of place.


                  REBECCA 
                  WARREN
               



            . On the 16th or 17th July the prisoner came and asked my permission to leave a small box in my place - she left it there; I gave it to the prosecutor's mother.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALDRIDGE
               



            . The prisoner, on the 17th of July, pawned these sugar-tongs with me.


                  JOHN 
                  NESBITT
               



             (Police-serjeant E 6). The prisoner was given to me on the 22nd of July; I gave her in charge of one of our men - she was taken before the Magistrate next day; I met Mrs. Hart's mother, and this property was given up to me.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Between six and seven o'clock in the morning I got out of bed, and found the six spoons in my room, the duplicates, and 5s. 6d., and a half-pint bottle with some rum in it - I told the witness, and I said the owner should have them in time, but I should keep the money till she had it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
