





1435. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH WARNER 
                     CORNICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 1 pair of shoes, value 1s. 6d.; 3 horse-cloths, value 15s.; 1 jacket, value 10s., and 1 pocket-book, value 4d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Reaves
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  REAVES
               



            . I am ostler
 at the Red Lion, at Southall


. On the 6th of October, I went into the stable, and found the prisoner behind one of the corn-binns; we took him into the house and sent for the officer - this pocket-book was found on him, it is my property, and is worth fourpence: and on his feet were found my pair of shoes - these horse-cloths are mine; they were found at Shepherd's-bush; I had missed my shoes about six weeks before - I had missed the horse-cloths on the Friday before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAIR
               



            . I am a horse-patrol. On the Sunday evening I took the prisoner; I found on him this pocketbook, and a pair of shoes which he had on his feet, and I believe he has them on now - I asked him if he knew any thing of the horse-cloths; he said yes, and he could produce them, providing I would not take him before the magistrate - I gave him no answer nor made him any promise in any way - he said the next day that he had sold the horse-cloths to an ostler at Shepherd's-bush, for 4s.
Prisoner. When we were coming from the watch-house he said if I told him the truth where the cloths were, he would not take me before the Justice - he said so if I were now on my dying bed. Witness. No, I swear I did not; I made him no promise nor threat - I told him I was obliged to take him before the magistrate before I could discharge him.


                  JOHN 
                  FRY
               



            . I am ostler at the White Horse, at Shepherd's-bush. The prisoner called there, and had these cloths; I asked him if he was going to get any horses - he said he had these two horse-cloths which were of no use to him, and he would sell them; he opened them, and I asked what he wanted for them - he said 5s.; I gave him 4s. 6d. for them, and had them three days - there was no mark on them.
Prisoner. I went down by the waggon - he asked if I was going to fetch any horses, I said no; he ask if I had these cloths to sell; I said yes - I asked him 5s. for them - he offered me 2s. for them, then he offered me 4s., which I took.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
