




2253. 




WILLIAM PAGE
 and 




JOHN FREEMAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of September, 3 casks, value 1s. 6d.; and 27lbs. weight of mustard, value 1l.; the goods of 



Joseph Johnson.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



John Blomfield.







GEORGE DREW
. I live in Frazer's-buildings, Paddington-street On the evening of the 19th of September I was in Farringdon-street, and saw the prisoners near a wagon, in company with another—Freeman jumped up on the wheel of the wagon—took three casks of mustard out, and went through the market with them on his shoulder, and the other two followed him—I followed them into Shoe-lane—Freeman took them down there off his shoulder, and then gave them to the man not in custody—I followed them; and, near Chancery-lane, that man delivered them to Page—they got on towards a court in Holborn, and Page and the other went down the court, leaving Freeman at the end—I gave notice to a policeman, and pointed Freeman out to him—I afterwards went into the court with the officer, and found the three tubs of mustard in the corner of the court—the prisoners all made their escape—I am certain the two prisoners are two of the three persons I saw.

Page. He stated before Mr. Blomfield that he could not swear to either of us. Witness. I did not—I never said so to anybody.

Freeman. Q. Could you distinctly observe the people's faces who were by the wagon in such a broad street? A. I could—I did not meet any policeman while I was following you.

Q. If the people who took the property had met you in the street, by day or night, could you have said we were the people who took it? A. I could—I never stated that I thought you were not the men.

JURY. Q. Look at the prisoners—have you any doubt they are the men? A. I can swear they are.

Page. His brother, who is transported, went to school with me, and so did he. Witness. I did not go to school with him—two of my brothers did, and I knew him by sight, and could not be mistaken in him—I told the policeman at the office that I knew one of them—I cannot swear that I told him I knew his name—I did know it at the time.

Page. I never was in Freeman's company that night, nor for two day before.





THOMAS POCOCK
 (police-constable F 38.) Drew gave me information about this—he did not name the party—he did not know I was an officer—I was not in my uniform, but I was following him as he was following the prisoners, not knowing whether he was implicated—I followed them to the court—the one who carried the cask turned into the court, and all on a sudden the one who I believe is Page escaped—I took the casks to the station-house—two days afterwards I was coming along Great Russell street, and saw Freeman, and knew him to be one of the three, having distinctly seen his face—I took him, and Page being in his company, I took him also—I did not take Page by Drew's description—I went into the court in consequence of what Drew said to me—he asked if I was an officer—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Then these three men have stolen three casks, and I have been following them."

Page. I am sorry to say I was tried here once, and he was the man who had me in custody, and would he not have known me again? Witness, I did not pass the person of the man who had the casks that night—I only saw his back, and by his height and dress he answered to the person, but I did not see his face—I had him in custody two sessions before.

Freeman. Q. Did you see the property given to me? A. No—I come up to them in Middle-row—I did not see them in Shoe-lane—I followed the people down the court—one person went down the court—you are one of the men—you pulled off your cap to deceive me—I did not go up

the court directly after Page—you made your escape through the side-door of a public-house—I should know the third man again.

COURT. Q. Did the person go down the court with the casks by himself? A. Yes—I went as far as the side door of the public-house which is in the court, and all of a sudden I missed the other two—that was Freeman and the other who is absent—Freeman was the hindermost, and Drew called my attention to him.





JOHN BLOMFIELD
. I am a warehouse keeper and belong to the Rose. has in Farringdon-street I saw the three casks put into a wagon be binging to Joseph Johnson of Uxbridge on Tuesday, the 19th of September—I beard nothing more of them till about an hour after the wagon was gone, when Drew came and told me what had happened—the casks contained 9lbs. weight of mustard each, and were worth about 1l.—I have seen the casks since—they are the same—I am considered liable for them—the man who drove the wagon belongs to Mr. Johnson.

Page. He said at the office he had nothing to do with the property after it left his yard.





THOMAS CUTHBERT
. I work for John Cobb, of Farringdon-market. I was waiting at the corner of an alley, and saw the prisoners and another man come up and make a full stop at a cart—I knew Page by his being in St. Sepulchre's school with my brother—the one not in custody came round and spoke to Freeman, and Freeman got up and lifted up the tarpaulin—I am certain of his person—I had seen him before in the market buying some things—I told another young man of it, and he went and told the wagoner while Freeman was by the side of the wagon—the wagoner came out, and Freeman crossed the road, and when the wagoner went in again Freeman went and lifted up the tarpaulin—the young man went into the public-house again and told the wagoner—the wagoner stood at the public-house door.

page. This boy appeared at Bow-street, and no evidence was taken at the first hearing—we were remanded, and Drew told him if he came there he should say he knew nothing about it, but what Drew told him—Drew told my friends so. Witness. He never said so.





GEORGE DREW

re-examined. Q. Did you ever say the witness knew nothing about it, but what you told him? A. No, I did not.

Page. You told my sister so outside the door at Bow-street. Witness. No—I told her what I had seen, and told her I should tell the truth, and nothing else.





THOMAS CUTHBERT

re-examined. Q. Why were you not examined before the Magistrate? A. Master could not spare me—I was so busy, and Pocock said I was not wanted at the first examination.





THOMAS POCOCK

re-examined. The clerk said the case was so very clear they did not want so many witnesses.





THOMAS HERBERT
. I am a wagoner. I went into the public-house to give the porters their beer—I was fetched out, and told the things were being stolen—I went on the wagon—I had loaded the three casks—I went in again to pay for the beer, and then the lad. lime and said there was some body after the cart—I drove it off, and went away—I did not go into the house a second time—I only came out once—I paid for the beer the first time, when the landlord brought it—I left the wagon but once—I went into the public-house, and called for a pot of beer—the young man came and said there was somebody round the wagon, and I came out—I did not come out again—he was gone before I came out—in Holborn the young man came

running after me, and asked if I missed any thing—I undid the cloth and missed the mustard.

Page's Defence. I know nothing at all about Freeman—I never was in his company in my life till two days after the robbery, when I met him in Great Russell-street—I asked him to inform me where Mr. Lee, a potato salesman of Covent-garden, lived; and in the meantime the policeman came and took us, and he told the Magistrate why he took me was knowing me to be here before.

Freeman's Defence, On Thursday morning I got up about six o'clock, to go to Covent-garden market, to take a bushel of apples home—I returned to pay for them, and passing Great Russell-street, the prisoner came over and said, "Tell me which is Lee's, the potato salesman"—while I was going to give him the information the policeman came and took us—when we got there he said, "Do you know any thing about this? "—I said, I do not."





JAMES FREEMAN
. I am the prisoner's father. I called on the witness Drew, in order to ascertain the nature of the offence which had been committed, and asked him several questions as to the identity of the persons, and he stated to me that he could not swear to them positively; that he only saw them either side-face or sideways.





WILLIAM DREW

re-examined, I did not tell him so. Witness. I have sworn it—I think I know myself better than to perjure myself—his mother was present at the time—she is not here.

PAGE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

FREEMAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 23




Transported for Seven Years.
