





1432. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HOWES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, 10lb. weight of paper, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Knapp 
                           Sutcliffe
                        




                     
                  , and another
            .
JAMES HOLLAND. I am a cheesemonger, and live at No. 107, Drury-lane; on the 10th of September, the prisoner came to my shop and brought a large bundle of paper, which he offered for sale - it was tied up in a green baize; I asked where he got it, he said it was given him by a person in Chancery-lane, but I do not remember the name he mentioned - I examined it and found it was lawyer's papers, and the address on part of them was Sutcliffe and Birch, which was not the name he mentioned, I told him I did not think it was right, and I would send a person with him, - he began to murmur about that and said he would take it somewhere else; I then called in the policeman - this is part of the paper; he bought about 60lbs in all, worth about ten-shillings.
MR. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I am in partner
ship with Mr. John Knapp Sutcliffe, we live in New Bridge-street


 - we had our house repaired three or four months ago, our papers were then removed from the office to a closet down stairs - these are a part of them; they were in a green baize - the closet was open - I cannot tell when I had seen these but we missed a great deal of paper.


                  GEORGE 
                  JACKSON
               



             (police-constable F 88). I apprehended the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to get some red herrings and saw these papers in St. Paul's Church-yard; I asked the coachmen who they belonged to; they said they did not know but they had been there two days, and if I took them, I might sell them, and I did.
JAMES HOLLAND. The papers were quite clean.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
