





1355. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BOULTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of August
, 1 bag, value 3s.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 14s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 1 cravat, value 2s.; 1 razor, value 1s.; 1 razor-strop, value 1s.; and 1 shaving-brush, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rhodes
                        




                     
                  , being in a certain vessel on the navigable river Thames
            .
WILLIAM RHODES. I am a clerk in the Excise
. On the 3rd of August I went on board the Kent steam-boat


 at Fresh-wharf, London-bridge - I had a carpet-bag, containing the articles stated, which I put into a locker over the paddle-box - when I got to Gravesend the bag was gone - I heard of it by an advertisement in about ten days after - I cannot say whether the prisoner was on board.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREEN
               



            . I belong to the Royal William steamboat. I went down into the cabin on the 15th of August, and saw the prisoner with a carpet-bag - I gave information, and he was taken into custody - that bag did not belong to this prosecutor.


                  JAMES 
                  HENRY EGLINGTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a shirt, a pair of drawers, and two handkerchiefs - I don't know who pawned them - I gave this duplicate for them.


                  JOHN 
                  BARLEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of trousers - I don't know who pawned them - I gave this duplicate for them.


                  JOHN 
                  RANGCROFT
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, on the 15th of August, on board the Royal William - I found on him a pocket-book containing fifteen duplicates, two of which relate to this property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RHODES
               



            . These are my property - I went on board at four o'clock, and they were pawned the same night - they were stolen on the river Thames.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I have every reason to believe that the whole of the transaction is a gross conspiracy against me, for the express purpose of extorting money from me- first they prevailed on me to purchase the duplicates for seven shillings at the half-way house (the sign of the George) to the West India Docks, in which Docks I am employed. I purchased the duplicates of two Scotchmen hawkers. On my arrival opposite the Mansion-house, when I was going to fetch the tickets, my prosecutor stopped me, and said if I would give him the tickets, and a trifle of money, he would not prosecute me; but I objected, and then he informed me that three men was gone to my lodgings to apprehend me again. I solemnly declare myself innocent of any robbery, or intention of commiting any robbery: and the sole cause of visiting the steam vessel was for the express purpose of seeing my relation before she sailed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
