



2094. 



HENRY ENTWISTLE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of September, 1 copper value 2l. 10s., the goods of 



William Hole and fixed to a certain building, against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 



James Henry Entwistle.






JAMES MINORES
. I am a policeman. On Friday the 2nd of September, I saw the prisoner in High-street, St. Giles's, about eight o'clock in the evening carrying this copper turned upside down—I followed him down High-street, into Broad-street, into Short's-gardens—I stopped him, and asked where he brought it from—he said from Tottenham-court-road, and he was going to take it to George-street, Oxford-street—I said I thought he had come out of this way—he said he was going after some nails—I asked where he was going for nails—he said he did not know—I said I would go with him, and he went to Brown-street, to his mother's house—I asked her if she knew any thing of the copper—she said not, and I did not expect any thing of the kind to be brought there—I took him into custody, and on the 6th I took the copper to No. 27, Baker-street, Bryanstone-square, and fitted it to hole there—it fitted exactly.





JAMES HENRY ENTWISTLE
. I am the prisoner's brother, and am a painter I was at work at 27, Baker-street, at Mr. Hole's house——I was in possession of the house, but was not living in it at the time of the robbery—my brother was working there with me—I remember his leaving on Friday evening, the 2nd of September—I was the last person at the house myself—I looked it up, and went away with the prisoner and another man—the prisoner parted from us in Dorset-street—I knew nothing to this till nine o'clock, when I heard it from my mother—I went to the station-house, and called him an ungrateful vagabond, and asked where he got the copper from—he said from Baker-street—I have seen it matched to the place, and have not a doubt of it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

