





1509. 
               
                  
                     REUBEN 
                     BENJAMIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, 2 aprons, value 1s.; 1 counterpane, value 5s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 jacket, value 6d.; 7 towels, value 1s.; 1 cap, value 6d.; 3 napkins, value 6d; and 4 pair of drawers 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Henbrey
                  




               
            .


                  SUSANNAH 
                  BASTIN
               



            . I keep a mangle, and mangle for Mr. James Henbrey, he is the keeper of Hyde-park
; I live in Cottage-row; I sent him some things home on the 4th of October, by my brother; he returned without the bundle.


                  JAMES 
                  BASTIN
               



            . I am brother to this witness; I took the bundle to go to Mr. Henbrey's; in going along I saw the prisoner who was a stranger to me in Hyde-park


, he spoke to me first, and asked me if I would fetch him a penny loaf, and a pennyworth of cheese; I said, I would; he said, he would hold my bundle while I was gone, and would give me a silver watch-guard when I came back; he then went down a hill, and told me to follow him, he sat down on the grass, and I gave him the bundle to mind, and he gave me the 2d. to go for the errand; I set off to run, and when I had got some distance, a pieman told me the prisoner had run off with the clothes; I then saw the prisoner running, and I run after him, he got out at Hyde-park corner, but was brought back by the policeman in about five minutes; he had got three quarters of a mile from where I left him; I am sure he is the person.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. No; I saw him then for about five minutes - I know him by his coat and his person - I expected to get a silver chain - I thought he was an honest man - I am fourteen years old.


                  JOHN 
                  LADD
               



             (police-constable). I was on duty near the Duke of Wellington's, and from information, I went down Constitution-hill, and overtook the prisoner with this bundle under his arm - I asked how he came by it; he said, a boy gave it him to hold; I asked him what he wanted there, and he said, he thought the boy went that way, and he was running after him.
RALPH DEAN. I was standing talking to James Bastin, and he left me to go on with the clothes; I then saw the prisoner pass me and tap him on the shoulder, to go with him down the hill; the prisoner had a watch-guard in his hand; he sat down, and the boy gave him the bundle, and went off towards the Barrack's - I was talking to a pieman, and I saw the prisoner get up and come towards the Green-park, he then turned and ran off, and I told the policeman of it.
SUSANNAH BASTIN. This is the property of Mr. Henbrey.
Cross-examined. Q. What is his christian name? A. James, I believe - he was at Clerkenwell, and was told hewas not wanted - I never saw him write his christian name, but he gave his name as James before the gentlemen where we all attended, who wrote down the value of the things - I did not hear him give the name of James 
               
                  Edward 
                  Henbrey
               



             - I think I can swear he did not give the name of Edward.


                  Lazarus 
                  Lazarus
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Harris
               



            , 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Davis
               



            , 
               
                  Moses 
                  Levy
               



            , and 
               
                  Mordecai 
                  Lazarus
               



            , gave prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
