



2195. 




WILLIAM PERCY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of September, 1 shawl, value 8s. 6d., the goods of 



Tabitha Grant, from her person.






TABITHA GRANT
. I am single, and live at Hounslow with my mother, who takes in washing. I was at Brentford fair on the 12th of September, about eleven o'clock in the evening—I was going into the parlour of the Pigeons public-house—some persons hustled me very much, and some one took my shawl, and went away with it—I do not know who took it—the crowd was so great I could not turn round—I do not know the prisoner—I have not found my shawl.





GEORGE BALL
. I live at Hounslow, and work for Mr. Brotherwood.
I was standing at the door of the Pigeons public-house, and saw the prosecutrix go in—as soon as she was got in there a crowd, and they began to push her—I then saw the prisoner take the shawl from her, and take it round the door-post—he put it under his jacket, and went up the street—I went after him, and when I came back he was standing at the Magpie door with the party that had pushed the girl about—he ran away when he tucked the shawl under his jacket—I fetched the policeman, told him what occurred, and gave the prisoner into custody—I had know the prisoner before—I had seen him before at the market-place, playing at four corners, and I had seen him at Egham races, playing at four corners.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say that it was a man with a hat and a white pair of trowsers? A. No—when you went out with the shawl, you had a black silk hat on, and when you came back you had a brown cap on.

Prisoner. He was running about the fair telling everybody it was a man with a hat and a white pair of trowsers, and he knows the parties now. Witness. No such thing.





THOMAS NORRIS
. I am a police-constable. About a quarter-pass eleven o'clock on the night of the 12th, the prosecutrix came to me and said she had had her shawl stolen—the witness said he saw the person take it off her back and run up the street with it—I went with him to the

Magpie—he pointed out the prisoner as the man—I took him—he had no property of that description at the time.

Prisoner. The prosecutrix went to my mother's, and told her that she knew the party that took the shawl, and if my mother would give her the money the would make it up.





TABITHA GRANT

re-examined. No, I never did—I do not know where mother lives—I have not seen her.




GUILTY
.†Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
