




1014. 




GEORGE WALKER
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving, of an evil-disposed person, on the 
22nd of November, 1 watch, value 20l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; and 1 watch-key, value 6d.; the goods of 



George Waite, since deceased; well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






JAMES GOLDER
. I am in the service of Mr. Franklin, a pawnbroker, of Tottenham. On the 27th of November a gold watch was pledged there by the prisoner for 7l. in the name of Wilson, Windsor-terrace, he represented it as his own property—he came again in two or three days or a week after, and wanted 1l. more advanced on it—we declined to do it—he came again on the 31st of December, and sold the duplicate to the witness Phillips.





WILLIAM PHILLIPS
. I live in Peter's-lane, Clerkenwell, and am a silversmith. On the 22nd of December I purchased a duplicate of a watch of the prisoner, which had been pawned for 7l.—I accompanied him to the pawnbroker's, and the duplicate was made out in my name—this is it—(looking at a duplicate)—this was on the 31st of December.





HENRY WILLIAM DUBOIS
 (police-sergeant N 14.) On the 7th of february I went to the house of Mr. George Waite, the prosecutor, who was then alive—I found, concealed in a room there, the prisoner's son, who was convicted last session—I had received information on the 22nd of November that this watch had been stolen, but the prisoner and his son had then absented themselves from home—we looked after them, and found them about six weeks after—this is the watch—I received it of the prosecutor after the former trial, and have had it in my possession ever since—the prosecutor is since dead—I was present before the Magistrate when he was examined on oath upon this charge against the father and son originally—I saw the deceased George Waite make this mark to the deposition—the prisoner and his son were present—they had the opportunity of seeing and hearing every thing—I know that George Waite was sworn—I know Mr. Broughton's handwriting—this is it to this deposition—the prisoner had every opportunity of cross-examining the witness—this was read over to Mr. Waite—he was asked if it was true, and he said yes—(read)—"The information of George Waite, the 12th of January, 1839. I lodge at No. 29, Weymouth-terrace, Hackney-road, and am a gentleman. I have known the prisoners for some time past, and have occupied a part-merits in their house for the last seven or eight months, and the wife of the prisoner George Walker attended upon me. On Wednesday, the 21st of November last, about seven o'clock, the prisoner William Walker came up into my room with part of a blind—he stopped in the room about half an hour, and then, as I thought, went out; shortly after, I went to bed, locking my room-door—I placed my gold watch, with chain and key attached, on the table. In the morning, when I got up, I found that my watch and appendages had been stolen, and my room door was unlocked—I went down stairs, and discovered that the prisoners were both out. In a few days afterwards, in consequence of information I received, I went to a small trunk, which I always kept locked in my bed-room—I found it had been broken open, and several articles of plate had been stolen therefrom—I do not know when these things were stolen, as I had not been to the trunk for some time past—the prisoners absconded on the 22nd of November, and I saw nothing of them till the 5th of this month, when they both came home—I sent for the policeman, and gave the prisoner, George Walker, into custody, and on the following Monday, the 7th, the other prisoner, William Walker, was apprehended—the elder prisoner admitted to me that he had pawned my watch,

and the younger prisoner admitted taking my plate from the trunk—the whole of the articles now produced, consisting of the gold watch, twelve silver tea-spoons, two salt-spoons, one pair of sugar-tongs, three rings, two gold snaps, and the cornelian stone belonging to the seal, I identify as being part of my property—the watch is worth 25l.—The mark x of George Waite.

R. E. BROUGHTON."






HENRY ALLEN
 (police-sergeant N 21.) On the 5th of January I was sent for to the prisoner's room—I saw him in the back-parlour, and in a few minutes the late prosecutor came down, and accused the prisoner of stealing his gold watch—the prisoner said, "I know I have done wrong, but I did not steal it, I only pawned it," and he told us where he pawned it—on searching him I found this paper, which proved that the duplicate had been changed by him—(read.)
"Memorandum, 31 Dec. 1838. Change the name of J. Wilson, of No. 2, Windsor-place, City-road, to William Phillips, of No. 28, Aylesbury-street, Clerkenwell, of a gold watch, pawned for 7l. in consideration of 1l. "





WILLIAM PHILLIPS

re-examined. I gave 1l. consideration—that is all I know—I do not know this writing.

Prisoner's Defence I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Seven Years.
