





74. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BARTLETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, 1 silver watch, value 2l.; 1 gold chain, value 50s.; 2 gold seals, value 30s.; 1 watch-key, value 2s.; 1 umbrella, value 2s. 6d., and 1 pencil-case, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL SMITH. I am a publican
, and live in White-street, Borough. On the 18th of November, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was going home; I was fresh, but knew pretty well what was passing - I had been with some friends whom I had not seen for some time; I went to a house where there was some money owing to me, and unfortunately I took the wrong turning- the prisoner, seeing I had lost my equilibrium, asked me to go with her, and I like a fool, went; when I got into the house with her, I saw I was wrong - she shut the door; I said, "I will give you a shilling or two to let me go home," but she prevented me from going out - I did not stay above ten or fifteen minutes; a second woman then came up - one of them put out the candle, snatched my watch out of my pocket, and tore my watch-guard; I cannot say which it was - they both went away together; I got to a window, pushed it up, and called a Policeman, who put a man at the door, then went and got the inspector; they came to the room with a lantern, and part of my watch-guard was found there.


                  ROBERT 
                  NEAVE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty in Booth-street, Spitalfields, and saw the prosecutor at the one pair of stairs window of a house - he called me, and said he had been robbed; I placed a person at the door, and went to the inspector - we went to the room, and found part of the guard; I went in search of the prisoner, but could not find her.


                  THOMAS 
                  BICKNELL
               



            . I am an inspector of the Police. About half-past twelve o'clock I heard of the robbery, and went down to the house; the prosecutor had the sash down, and wanted to jump into the street; we got him down, and took his description of the property, but he could not describe the woman; about half-past seven o'clock in the morning I went to George-yard, and found the prisoner and another woman, who were dressed, and two other women were in bed - I desired them to get up and found this watch and seals between the bed and the sacking; this umbrella was under the bed, and this pencilcase was on the prisoner - the women were all taken, but the others were discharged.


                  JOHN 
                  BURROUGH
               



            . I went with the officer, and found this case on the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence (written.) On the evening in question I had gone to rest at my lodging, in Booth-street, Spitalfields, and at half-past eleven o'clock was disturbed by a knocking at my bed-room door; I got up, and was requested by a woman, named 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Blade
               



            , to allow her and the prosecutor to have the use of my bed-room for a short time, and for which she said she would give me a shilling - my poverty induced me to consent; I got up, and dressed myself and child - as I was going down stairs I met Louisa Blade and the gentleman, with a light, coming up the stairs; they went into my room, and remained together about a quarter of an hour - Blade then called me up stairs, gave me sixpence, and desired me to fetch a pint of beer; I told her it was too late to get any beer, and that I wanted my room again - I went into the room - the gentleman was still there; I then began to make up the bed, and in doing so found a pencil-case, which being much like one I had, and was in the habit of giving to my child to play with, I put it into my pocket; Blade and the prosecutor begged of me to go into Whitechapel, and try and get the beer at the night-house - I went; I then returned home, went up stairs to my room, and found that 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Blade
               



             had gone away, but the prosecutor remained - the candle was out, and she had taken my child with her; the prosecutor then said she had robbed him - I then went out to look for Blade and for my child, and after many inquiries found her in a house in George-yard, and told her the gentleman accused her of having robbed him; she then went out of the room, and returned in half an hour, so disguised, that I did not know her - I was afraid of returning, and sent a female friend, named Massey, to see if the gentleman still remained there; she met the Police-officer and the gentleman at the door - the Policeman and his serjeant came then, took me into the custody, and went to Spitalfields watch-house; while there, 
               
                  Louisa 
                  Blade
               



             asked one of the women to lend her a shawl instead of the one she had on, being much worse than her own - she then blacked her face over with mud from off the watch-house floor, and asked the young woman if she should know her again - to which she replied she should not; she then put her cap over her face a little more, and altered the strings of the bonnet, and pulled it over her face; she asked the Policeman to give her two pins to alter the strings - by these means the prosecutor did not know her again; next morning I was taken to Worship-street - the prosecutor again swore that he knew nothing of either of the women, and they were acquitted, but I was committed: I do declare that I never saw either the watch or umbrella.


                  THOMAS 
                  BICKNELL
               



            . I know nothing of the other woman disguising herself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
