





793. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, 4 stoves, value 16s., and 2 sets of cast iron covings, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ralph 
                           Adams
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building; against the Statute
            .


                  RALPH 
                  ADAMS
               



            . The prisoner took a house of me in June last, from year to year: I have an agreement for it - there were fixtures in the house, the use of which was included in the rent; there was no sale of any fixtures to him; they remained my property, and no one had any right to remove them - the prisoner occupied the house for a little more than half a year; he professed a general sort of business, such as brokering and appraising
 - the rent was to be paid quarterly; he sent me 2l., which was all I ever received - that was on the 22nd of December; he was in the house at that time, but quitted without giving me notice, taking the furniture away with him; when I went there the house had been abandoned - I missed two parlour and two drawing-room stoves; they were worth 2l. each to me, when they were fixed - I had not employed the officer not seen him till the prisoner was in custody; I knew the prisoner had left the house, by his sending me a note, saying he would send me the keys; I believe the note was his writing - I have seen him write.


                  JOHN 
                  TUTS
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Wells-street, Somers'-town. On the 20th of March the prisoner came to my house, and asked if I was at home; I was not - I went to No. 15, Milton-street


, I knocked at the door; he came down - I asked what he wanted; he said he had some stoves to sell - I went into the front parlour, and one stove was gone from there, but he said he had three more to sell; I bought them - one of them was set, and two were not; I went home for some money, and the prisoner sent one of them home to my house - I was to give 18s. for them; he wanted me to buy two kitchen ranges, but I would not.
JOHN NICHOLS. I took the stove to the last witness by the prisoner's direction, and I took one of them to my own house, where it was to be left till he came to tell me where to take it - I waited two hours; he did not come - I went back again, and there was no one at the house; the officer took the stove the next day.
WILLIAM PRICE (Police-constable S 21). I stopped two of the stoves coming out of the street; I found one at the broker's, and one at the last witness'.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. He said at High-street; that I had taken a door and two stoves; there were two stoves taken off the premises - since I have been in prison they got in and took two others; I certainly wrote a note to the prosecutor, but changed my mind.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
