





97. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of October
, 1 watch, value 20s.; 1 chain, value 1d.; 1 seal, value 1d.; and 1 key, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lee
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LEE
               



            . I live at the alms-houses, White's-alley, Coleman-street


. The prisoner was a stranger - he came into my room between ten and eleven o'clock on the 8th of October; I had wound up my watch shortly before, and hung it in my room - he had come the day before, on pretence of coming from Mr. Wyatt, the churchwarden, to see what repairs were wanted; he staid about a quarter of an hour - I am a shoemaker; he took up a shoe and said, "Bless me, do you do work, so old as you are?" I said Yes; he then said he would help me, and that a gentleman had left some money to be distributed among aged people who had seen better days; he came next day, the 8th, and said "You see I have thought of you" - I thanked him; he said, "You must go to the Feoffees office in the Temple, to receive 4l." - I thanked him very kindly; he wrote me a note, and called me Mister -I told him not to call me Mister; he gave me the note, and went as far as the New Post-office with me, then tapped me on the shoulder, told me to go through Foster-lane, and make the greatest speed I could - I went and did make haste; I had left my wife at home and did not lock the door - I went to the Temple, but did not get the 4l.; when I came home my watch was gone - I have not seen it since.


                  MARTHA 
                  LEE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Lee
               



            . I know the prisoner, for he is the man who called on us the day the watch was lost - my husband went out with the prisoner; he returned before my husband, and said he had left his gloves behind him - I said I would go up and fetch them; he said "No, poor creature, I can go up better than you; I will go" - he went up to the room where the watch was hanging; he came down again, and said he had got them - he went out directly; I went up in half an hour and the watch was gone - it has never been found; nobody else had been to the house whatever.
Prisoner. She ordered me to go up to see if there were any gloves there. Witness. I did not; I offered to go myself.


                  CLEMENT 
                  WYATT
               



            , ESQ. I am churchwarden of St. Stephen, Coleman-street. I have no recollection of having seen the prisoner before this charge - he was not known to me; Lee and his wife in habit the alms-houses of our parish.


                  RICHARD 
                  SKILLERN
               



            . I am an officer of Union-hall. I apprehended the prisoner on another charge. (See 6th day.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - Transported 


               for Seven Years
            .
