



2255. 



WILLIAM BEARDSWORTH,alias

 Bamford
, was indicted

for a misdemeanor.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution,





JOHN GOODMAN
. I am foreman to Mr. Wood, a tailor, in Howland-street, Fitzroy-square. On Saturday, the 18th of August, I met the prisoner in Holborn, and spoke to him—I had been acquainted with him some years—he said he was going to Jamaica, and asked if I was in business for myself—I said no, but I was in a situation, and if he wanted anything, I had no doubt my employer, Mr. Wood, would be happy to wait on him—he said he was in want of things, and should be happy if I could make them, but he was afraid the West-end prices would be too high—I said we would charge him as a regular outfit—he said he would let me know—I received a letter that same evening, and went to the Saracen's Head, snow-hill, at ten o'clock next morning, with Mr. Wood, who showed the prisoner some patterns—he ordered several pairs of trowsers, waistcoats, and coats to be brought to the Saracen's Head on the Saturday following at ten o'clock, and every thing would be paid for—we stated to him it would be a ready money order—that is the only way we do take orders for outfits—he called at our house on the Wednesday to try some of them on—on the following Friday Mr. Wood told me something, and I took one suit of clothes to the Saracen's Head, and asked the prisoner to let us have 10l. or 12l. on account—he was in bed at the time—he said he had been out the over-night, but he would get up about twelve o'clock, and send me a cheque up—I left him and left the clothes—I went the next morning with Mr. wood with the rest of the clothes—we found him at the Saracen's Head—I told him he had not kept his word, as we had received no cheque—he said he had quite forgotten it, but it did not matter, he would give a cheque for the a whole amount—Mr. Wood asked him on what bank it would be—he said on a bank at Liverpool—Mr. Wood said that would be no payment at all, and objected to appeared much offended that his word should be doubted—I had some conversation with Mr. Wood, and the result was, that on the prisoner giving his word as a gentleman that he had effects there, either 105l. Mr. Wood took the cheque—he gave his word that he had either 105l. or 150l. at the Northern and Central Bank at Liverpool—on

receiving this cheque the clothes were left—this is the cheque—(looking at it)—read—" August 18, 1838—To the Manager of the Northern and Central Bank, Liverpool, Pay 34l. 17s. 6d., William Beardsworth."—I saw him write that cheque—from information I received I went the same night to the Britannia at Limehouse—(the clothes were not delivered till we got the cheque, except the first suit)—I found at the Britannia a box, which is here, and in it part of the goods which were delivered to him, but the most expensive clothes were gone—I remained there, and about eleven o'clock on the Sunday night the prisoner came to the house—I caught hold of him, and told him he had proved a great villain towards me—he begged and prayed me for God's sake not to give him into custody, and said he had no intention to defraud me—I told him that it had every appearance that he had, and told him there was no such bank as the cheque was drawn on—he said he merely gave that because his friends would take it up—he was taken to the station-house—I did not notice what he said—on the Monday as he was going before the Magistrate, he said he merely saw the name of the bank in the Directory, and that he had no money there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you first mention the goods, or did he ask you to make the goods? A. I asked him if he wanted any thing—I first spoke to him—I had known him some years before, but had lost sight of him—I told him my name—on his telling me he was going to Jamaica, I said I should be very happy to make the outfit—I did not at all press him to take more goods than he ordered—he got the prices before he gave the order, and told me he must have them at as low a rate as he could—some of the articles were light, and some were of cloth—when we hesitated about the cheque, he said we might keep the things until they were paid for if we doubted about it—they were made to fit the prisoner—he was measured for every article he ordered—he begged me not to give him into custody, and asked me to take him to Mr. Wood—I did not understand him to say that his friends would have money paid into the bank to meet the cheque—(looking at a letter)—I cannot say whether this is his handwriting—I never saw him write anything but this cheque—I should say it was not, myself—I told him that at the time he wrote the cheque he knew the bank had stopped payment—I mean to swear that he said he knew the bank had stopped payment—I had transactions with him about seven years ago—he paid me honourably then.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you had a farthing of this money paid to you? A. No.





JAMES WOOD
. I am the master of John Goodman. I went with him to the Saracen's Head to see the prisoner, on the 13th of August, in consequence of receiving a letter—he said he wanted an outfit, as he was very shortly proceeding to the West Indies—he chose his patterns, and ordered a quantity of clothes of each sort—on the following Thursday evening he came to my house, and said he wanted one suit of clothes, to go down Gravesend to a party of friends, and I sent them next morning—on saturday, by appointment, I took the goods in a box to the Saracen's head—he asked me for the bill, I gave it him—he asked me if there was any discount—I said "No, it was contract price, and no discount"—he said he would pay me a cheque—he drew a cheque—I saw it was on a Liverpool bank, and I said a cheque on a Liverpool bank was no payment to me, unless I was perfectly satisfied he had effects there—he said he never had his

honour disputed before, and had travelled all over the country and had paid cheques—he said he had from 105l. to 150l. in the Northern and Central Liverpool Bank, he could not be certain which—I called my foreman out, to question him on his previous knowledge of him—I took the cheque, after about an hour's consultation, and left the clothes—the prisoner said I should find it all right—I would not have left the clothes without having the cheque—I immediately went to the Bank of England and got information—I afterwards, went to the Mansion-house, then to Grote and Co.—the cheque was then sent down to Liverpool by post, by the inspector of the police—I traced the prisoner down to Limehouse, and found a box with some of the clothes in it, but the greatest part of them taken away—I aw the prisoner on Monday evening, going to Lambeth-street—he said, "Now Wood, would it not be better for you to get the money than to prosecute me?"—I said, "I have nothing to do with it, I will not compound a felony with you."

Cross-examined. Q. How long before the clothes were delivered was the arrangement for payment made? A. They were left immediately on his giving me the cheque—I let him have them, in consequence of his telling me he had money in the Bank—I never saw him before.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Unless you had believed the cheque to have been a good one, you would not have given him the clothes? A. Certainly not, nor if I had supposed there was no such bank—I have received no money from his friends on the cheque.





WILLIAM BUTLER
 (police-constable K 80.) I took the prisoner into custody at the Britannia, on Sunday night—I searched him, and found four duplicates, one sovereign, and 9 1/2 d.—I found the box and clothes in it there—at the station-house, he told the inspector he had searched the Directory, and found no such a bank as the Northen and Central Bank at Liverpool, and if there had been such a bank he had no money there.





THOMAS EELEY
. I lived with Mr. Walker, a pawnbroker in the Commercial road, Limehouse. On the 18th of August, two coats, two pairs of trowser, and a waistcoat, were pawned at our shop for 4l. 10s., in the name of John Edwards, by the prisoner, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon—the things are not here—I have since left my employ—I showed them at the police-office to Mr. Wood, and they were die same goods.





JAMES WOOD

re-examined. The goods produced at the Mansion-house were part of mine, and those found at the Britannia were also part of them.





JOHN SYMONS
. I am an inspector of the K division. I was at the station-house on the Sunday night, when the prisoner was brought there—I heard Goodman charge him with having committed a forgery—the prisoner said, "Goodman, it is no forgery, it is my own handwriting"—I showed him we cheque which I had received from Goodman, he said it was his handwriting—I asked him if he had any effects in that bank—he said he had no effects there, he merely took it from the Directory—I saw him searched—one duplicate found on him was for goods pawned at Walker's for 4l. 10s—I have been down to Liverpool since the last sessions, and made inquiry, as to the existence of the Northern and Central Bank, and cannot find any such bank in Liverpool—there is no number or street on the cheque—I produce a certificate from the Northern and Central Bank at

Manchester—I made inquiry there, and found there was no such bank as that in existence at Liverpool.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you understand there had been a branch at Liverpool which had stopped payment? A. I understood so—it stopped payment in January, 1837—I found the name in the Directory—I produce the box of clothes found, and the property in it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years. (The prisoner has been three years in the Penitentiary, which he left in March last.)
