



259. 





MARY SHIELDS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of July, 1 shawl, value 1l.; and 3 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 




Thomas Johnson, her master.






THOMAS JOHNSON
. I am a cabinet-maker and furniture-broker, and live in Old-street. The prisoner lived in servant with me between four and five weeks—I put three sovereigns into a drawer on my first floor—there was a £5 note there as well—I put them in separate places in the drawer. between seven and eight o'clock, on Saturday evening—I locked the drawer, and tried it afterwards and gave the key to my wife—the prisoner absconded, and I missed the money—I met her last Monday morning, in Petticoat-lane—I said, "Mary, what a bad girl you must be to rob us in the manner"—she said, "I do not know you"—several women came round, and said, "What are you going to do with that girl?"—I said she had robbed me, that I was not quite certain of her person myself, but if she would come home to her mistress, to see if she knew her, I should

be satisfied—she said she never had a mistress—the people got outrageous and would have taken her from me, but a policeman came by, and I gave her in charge.
----JOHNSON. I am the prosecutor's wife. The prisoner were up stairs to lay the cloth for supper—I missed the money out of the drawer between eight ans nine o'clock and the prisoner was then gone—there had been nobody in the house but her—the drawer was locked, and it was found locked—I had the key in my pocket—It must have been opened by another key—I am certain the prisoner is the girl who loved with us.





WILLIAM ROWLAND
. I am a policeman. I took her into custody—she denied all knowledge of the prosecutor at first, and said she never lived with him—when I got her near the station-house, she begged of me to let her go, and to say she had made her escape—she said "I am not she only one concerned in it-two old women came to the house, and gave me a key to open the drawer with—I do not know where the women reside."




GUILTY. Aged 14. Recommended to mercy



Transported for Seven Years.
