




1626. 



WILLIAM MAYFIELD
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
12th of May, 1 shilling, the monies of 



Duncan Sinclair, his master; and 




JOHN PUGH



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






DUNCAN SINCLAIR
. I keep the Duke of Cambridge public-house, in Whitechapel-road. Mayfield was in my service about two years—on Wednesday the 8th of May, Thomas Christmas, who was at work in my cellar, made a communication to me, in consequence of which I went to the cellar—I had my attention directed to a rafter, where I found seven shillings and a half-crown—I was obliged to get on the top of a barrel to reach it—I took it down, Christmas marked it in my presence, and it was replaced in the same position—I communicated with Rutt, the inspector, and showed him the money after the house was shut up that night, and then I found a shilling added to the money—on the following morning, about nine o'clock, I went to the rafter, and all the money was then gone—I took 2l. in silver, two crown-pieces, some half-crowns, and shillings, to Rutt—he marked them on the head, and I on the other side—I then took them back to my house, and placed them in the till, part that day and part the next day—this was on Thursday the 9th—on Friday I found one shilling in the same place—it was one that Rutt and I had marked—the prisoner had access to the cellar, and nobody but him—he went down to tap beer and so on—I left the shilling there—I marked 2l. more on the Saturday, and put into the till—on the Monday morning I looked into the cellar, and found the shilling gone, and no silver there—I looked again in the evening, and found two half-crowns and one shilling—one of the half-crowns and one shilling was marked—on the Tuesday I marked 2l. more, and put into the till—I went to the rafter on Tuesday night, and found three shillings more, and a sovereign, besides the two half-crowns and the shilling.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was the money marked by Christmas marked the same as you and Rutt marked it? A. No, quite different—the shilling which was found afterwards by the policeman, had been

marked by myself—the shilling found on Pugh was marked by myself on the Saturday, and put into the till with the rest—it was marked the same as the rest—there were a great many marked the same way—I can identify this shilling as one I marked—(produced by Rutt.)

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know that shilling? A. Yes, it is one I marked by myself—it was found on Pugh, with 3s. which were marked by Christmas.





JOHN KERSEY
 (police-constable K 112.) Last Tuesday evening I was called to Mr. Sinclair's house—I went into the cellar, and saw two half-crowns and one shilling—I marked them and left; them, and locked myself in the wine-cellar about half-past nine o'clock—I placed the money between the rafters of the beer-cellar—the wine-cellar has five holes in the doors, through which I could see into the beer-cellar—I looked through those holes, and in about a quarter of an hour saw Mayfield come down, do something to the beer, and go away—he came again about eleven o'clock, went to the rafters where I had seen the two half-crowns and the shilling, put his hands up as if putting something there, and went away again—he did not return again that night—I remained all night locked in the wine-cellar—he came next morning about eight o'clock, and went and looked at the money, but took nothing away—I then went out of the wine-cellar, and found the money still remaining—he returned three times in the course of the day—I remained one whole day and two whole nights in the cellar, and on Thursday morning about seven o'clock he came, went round the cellar, put his hand up to where the money was, and his other hand up also, as if taking it down—I came out, went up to the place, saw the money was all gone, I went up, found the prisoner in the kitchen, and said to him, "I want one sovereign, two half-crowns, and 4s., which you have brought out of the cellar" (as that was the last amount I had seen in the cellar)—he paused, and said nothing—I then said, "I do not wish you to say any thing, or make any observation, unless you think proper"—he said after a short time, "Well, the money is my own"—I said, "If it is, you have no reason to be ashamed of it"—he put his hand into his pocket, and drew out one sovereign, two half-crowns, and four shillings, which I could see by the marks, was the same I had seen on the rafter—I had marked it all myself after they were put there, and there are other marks besides—I produce the money—here is one of the shillings.

Cross-examined. Q. You knew nothing about the shillings till you was them on the rafter? A. Certainly not.





DUNCAN SINCLAIR

re-examined. I marked all these shillings, and put them in the till—I marked 6l. in all, in a similar way, on various occasions—I cannot tell when I marked this shilling—I cannot distinguish it from others of the 6l. worth which I marked—part of them I placed in the till, and part my wife—I will swear every one of the 6l. worth was put into the till—my wife put some in, but I gave them to her, and saw her put them in—I gave some to her not to create suspicion—I have three or four tills—we put some in each—I marked money on Thursday, Saturday, and Tuesday—change must be given from those tills to customers—the last money was marked on Tuesday—the policeman left the cellar on the Thursday morning when he detected him—a whole week had elapsed since the first marking—I will swear I put the mark on this shilling—Christmas did not mark any that was found—I have no partner.

(William Noch, a shoemaker, of Darling-place, gave Mayfield a good character.)

MAYFIELD—


GUILTY
. Aged. 


Transported for Ten Years.

PUGH—


NOT GUILTY
.
(The prosecutor stated that his receipts had increased 2l. 10s. a day since this discovery.)
