






1257. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BROOKES
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NICHOLSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Teversham
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of a person whose name is unknown.


                  GREGORY 
                  WILLIAM CEELY
               



            . I am a boot-closer. On the evening of the 24th of April, about a quarter before seven o'clock, I was standing in the shop, No. 33, Ludgate-street


, I saw the two prisoners on the opposite side of the way; two gentlemen were passing - Brookes took a handkerchief from one of their pockets and gave it to Nicholson - I told my employer of it; he said I had a right to go and stop them; I went and took Brookes, and said he had been robbing a gentleman; he said he had not - another young man saw Nicholson, and he followed and took him with the handkerchief; the gentleman gave his direction at the office - I do not know him.


                  JAMES 
                  GUNNING
               



            . I work with Ceely, and was in the shop; he said he saw two men pick the gentleman's pocket; I had seen the prisoner in company, and saw Brookes take the handkerchief and give it to Nicholson; I ran and took Nicholson in Pilgrim-street; I took this handkerchief from him - the gentleman proved it to be his, and I believe it was; I never saw the gentleman before, but I heard his name was Teversham.


                  GEORGE 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am an officer. I took Brookes and my brother officer the other; this is the handkerchief -Mr. Teversham saw it at Guildhall - he is not here.
Brookes Defence. I am certain I never picked the pocket - I was going to work.
Nicholson. I hope you will show a little mercy - it is the first time.
BROOKES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
NICHOLSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
