





OLD COURT. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1653. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GOODY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Joseph 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Ledger
                        



                     
                  , on the 14th of August
, and stealing, 1 snuff-box, value 20s.; 1 ring, value 30s.; 24 sovereigns, and 1 half-crown, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Penarie
                        



.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PENARIE
               



            . I lodge at 
               
                  Joseph 
                  James Ledger
               



            's. Bowling-green-lane, Clerkenwell


, on the first floor. On the 14th of August, about half-pst six o'clock in the evening, I went out and left my door locked - I returned at a quarter to nine, and found the box of the lock wrenched off - I lost twenty-four sovereigns, a snuff-box, and a mourning-ring out of two boxes, which were broken open.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is Mr. Ledger here? A. No - his name is James or Joseph; I do not exactly know his Christian names.


                  MARIA 
                  COPE
               



            . I live with my mother, at Mr. Ledger's, On the night in question there was a knock at the door - I went down to open it, and while I was there the prisoner and another man came up; they asked if Mr. Penarie was at home - I said not, and asked if they would leave a message; they said No - they then went up stairs; I followed them - they told me I had better go into my room, because my little sisters were alone I went into our room, but left the door ajar - it is opposite Penarie's door; the tall one was whistling and singing - I heard a noise, as if they were unlocking the door; somebody came to the door for my mother - I went down stairs, and the tall one followed me down; I went up again and so did he, and then I went down again - the tall one came down, and asked if I was going out; I said No - he said he would be back again in a very few minutes, and went out; the prisoner (who was the short one) then came down and went out - both went away, and I did not see them again; I am certain of the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You saw more of the tall one? A. No; I had seen the prisoner watching about, about two months ago - I am seven years old.


                  JAMES 
                  NAIRN
               



            . I live in Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell. On the 14th of August, about eight o'clock, I was passing No. 31, Bowling-green-lane - my situation is right opposite that house, and I knew Cope; I knew the prisoner before - I used to work with him, and my mother lodged in the next room to him; as I passed. I saw him and a taller person talking to Cope at the door.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you not said there was but one man? A. No; I always said there were two.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GROVE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 14th of August, about eight o'clock, I heard of the robbery; the house is on my beat - I went in search of the prisoner from information, and apprehended him the next evening (Sunday) in White Conduit-gardens: I took him to the station in Rosomond-street, and on his person found two sovereigns, 8s. 6d., a silver watch and seals, a snuff-box, and three keys - the inspector asked his residence; he said No. 20, or 30, Arlington-street - I said, "That is the residence of your father, I want your residence;" he said he had none, but I received information, and found out his lodging in Shad's-place, Gray's Inn-lane; I proceeded there - one of the keys found on him opened the room door, and one of the other keys opened a drawer under a press-bedstead, in which I found, thirteen sovereigns wrapped in paper, and near that a silver snuff-box - in the bed I found a pair of pistols, (one loaded) four powder-flasks, several bullets, a shot-belt, and a screwdriver, which tallies exactly with the marks on the prosecutor's trunk; the prisoner was brought out and asked if the sovereigns, snuff-box, and every thing else in detail were his, and said they were all his.
Cross-examined. Q. That is a common screw-driver? A. Not very; there are many of that size.


                  JOHN 
                  BUTAIN
               



            . I am a Policeman. I heard the prisoner say every one of these articles were his own property - I asked him about them individually - I saw that the screw-driver tallied with the marks on the trunk.(Snuff-box produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the box in the way of trade.


                  JAMES 
                  COPE
               



            . I lodge at Ledger's house, his name is Joseph James; his wife told me so at Hatton-garden, and it is at the top of the book in which the account of my rent is kept - I do not know that it is in his hand-writing.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .
Aged 18. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
