





1704. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     MUNRO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, 1 shawl, value 1l. 10s.; 1 gown, value 10s.; 2 shifts, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 1 ring, value 8s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 3s., and 1 book, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Johnson
               



             - he lives in John-street, Oxford-street


. On the 8th of February I lost these articles; they were in a back room in which I was sitting - the book was on a table, the gloves behind some glasses, the shawl over a clothes-horse, and the other articles were in my bed-room; the prisoner succeded my sister in a situation, and my sister brought her to see me - she came on the 6th of February, and asked if I could tell her of a situation; I said No, but I could let her sleep there for two nights; on the 8th I was sitting at work, and she said she would go and get her bundle, and go to her place - instead of taking them, she was taking these from me; I have only found the shawl.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I bring a bundle of clothes to your room? A. No, only a bundle of grass, which deceived me; I did not say my sister took a silver ring away - you said you were going to live as servant at No. 8, Harley-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUNNINGHAM
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 6th of August - the prosecutor's sister was present; she said it was poverty that determined her to take them, but she meant to return them, and make some recompence - she had this shawl on.
Prisoner's Defence. I had pawned my own shawl onthe 7th of February, and given her 3s. - she lent me this till I could get my own, but as I could not get it her, I sent it; she was not Mrs. Johnson then.
MARY JOHNSON. I have been married seventeen months.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
