



963. 




MARY ANN STICKLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of March, I purse, value 6d.; 1 breast pin, value 10s.; 21 sovereigns, 2s., 6d., a three penny piece, and one penny piece; the monies of 



Elizabeth Large, in the dwelling-house of 



Mary Wood.






ELIZABETH LARGE
. I am single, and live in Exeter-court, Exeterstreet, Sloane-street, Chelsea, in the house of Mary Wood, in the firstfloor

back room—the prisoner lodged with me for three weeks, and paid 2s. a week—she left on the 11th of March, to go and live with Mr. Hooman of Skinner-street, at their country-house, but she only gave me their town direction—a short time after she left, I went to my band-box—there was a box inside that, which was locked, and I missed from that box a steel purse, containing twenty-one sovereigns, a purse, in an old fashioned housewife, with silver coins in it, a brooch and a pincushion—the purse was safe on Friday, the day before she left—I had locked the box then—I afterwards went to Mr. Hooman's, at Stoke Newington, and found her there—I told her she had robbed me—she denied it—a policeman was sent for, who took her—this is the brooch—there is no particular mark about it, but I have had it a number of years, and there is a picture on it of a lady watering flowers—I can swear it was one of the articles in my room when she lived with me.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How long had you had the money by you? A. I have had it some time by me—I have been a servant in respectable families—I had no money besides that—I stated at the policeoffice that there was twenty sovereigns, but since that I have found there were twenty-one—I knew nothing of the prisoner before she came to lodge with me—very respectable servants out of place come to lodge with me—I have given up service more than ten years—I do nothing but needle-work and taking lodgers—the prisoner came to me from a baker's, and said they test her—we never walked out together—a young Woman came to see her the day the went away—I had no friends come to visit me while she was there—her father came to me a few days after she left—I did not tell him of my lost—I knew I had lost my money then—the prisoner called on me afterwards, but I did not tell her of it—I was very ill at the time, and told nobody in the house about it—I did not mention it to the prisoner when she called, because I was bewildered and frightened at her—I was not frightened at the father—as soon as I got a friend, I meant to go and see if I could find ray property on her—I thought of going right up to the place myself—the left on the Saturday, and called on the Wednesday—another young woman was in the room at the time—I did not say at the policeoffice that I could not swear to the pin—the policeman did not tell me I must swear to it, and if I did I should get all my money back—no such thing was ever named—I never said I could not swear to it—I never said if I could get 12l. I would not swear to it—whoever says such a thing is very wrong—I never said if the prisoner could make up 5l. I would throw the bill out.

Q. During the time she was living in your room, was the door open occasionally, so that persons could come in? A. Yes—she said she lost a dress while she was with me, but she left it out all night, as she said, in the yard—the did not complain of losing it out of ray room.

COURT. Q. How long is it since you were in service? A. I cannot exactly say—I have since that taken in needlework, and a lodger, and had a little property, but it is now all gone—I had been living on it—I went out on Saturday, and when I came back there was a young woman there writing a letter—the prisoner went out with her, and returned in about a quarter of an hour—I never saw any man visit her there—I did not introduce her to anybody—her father came for her empty box—he had been wanting her to go home while she was there—I was afraid of her because her language was rather wicked—she used to swear—I was terrified to death with her—I had no quarrel with her—her words were very bad, and I

wished her to leave, but she said she was in view of a place, and her time would be very short—I meant to take a friend with me to trace my money out.

MR. JONES. Q. Have you a niece? A. Yes—I did not tend her to a Mr. Dolby, or anybody, to say I would settle this for 12l.—her name is Barefield—she is not here—she is in service—I have never offered to settle this.





WILLIAM ALLEN
. I am servant to Mr. Hooman, of Lordship-lane, Stoke Newington. The prisoner lived there a little more than a week—on Sunday afternoon I was with her in the kitchen—she showed me a broocd stuck in her bosom, and asked if I knew what was on it—I said, a woman watering some flowers—this is the one she showed me—(looking at it)—I am sure of it—I was not there when the policeman came—the prisoner was taken away in custody.





HORATIO NELSON TIVEY
 (police-constable N 60.) I was sent for to Mr. Hooman's house, in Lordship-lane, on Tuesday the 21st of March, and saw Mrs. Large and the prisoner in the parlour—Mrs. Large said she had robbed her of twenty sovereigns—the prisoner said nothing then—I asked Mrs. Large, in her presence, when she had lost it—she was very much agitated, I could hardly get a decided answer from her—she said she had lost twenty sovereigns, a pin, and some coins—she did not mention the exact amount at the time—I asked the prisoner to allow me to search her box—she said "Yes," and got up to give me her key—she pointed out her boxes, but I found nothing at that time—I locked the boxes, and kept the keys, and took her into custody—in consequence of what I heard, I went again, on Thursday morning, to Mr. Hooman's and searched the boxes, and in one of them found this pin sticking in a petticoat nearly at the bottom of her box—I also found a work-box and writingdesk, both apparently new, they seemed rather too expensive for a servant—the desk was lined with velvet—a woman searched her at the station-house, but only 18d. was found on her—this was on Tuesday the 21st of March—she had left Mrs. Large on the 11th—there was no money in the desk or box.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you have any conversation with Mrs. Large about the pin, going to the police-office, or at the police-office? A. I did at the office—she did not say she was doubtful whether the pin was hers—I did not tell her she must swear to it, or she would not get her money—I told her I had found the pin, that was all—I am positive I said nothing to her about swearing to it, and I do not think she said any thing to me—she was greatly agitated—I do not remember that she said any thing to me about it—she did not tell me she had sent her niece to Mr. Delby—I never heard her say any thing about 12l. or 5l.





ELIZABETH LARGE

re-examined. I went to Skinner-street a few days before I had her apprehended, to know where Mr. Hooman's country-house was—I did not go to Stoke Newington till she was apprehended, which was about a week after she left my lodging.





SELINA CALE
. I live in the next room to Mrs. Large. On the Saturday before the prisoner left, a little girl came into my room with a note—it was not for me—I took it to the prisoner, and when she read it, she wrote two or three lines, and gave it to the little girl—she put a piece of money into the note—I think it was a sixpence—the little girl then went out of the room—the prisoner said, "Dear me, I had a brooch in my hand, what have I done with it?"—she looked down on the floor, and I looked

too, and saw it under my feet—she took it up, and straightened the pin, and I saw it quite plain—it was the one produced—no more pasted then—when she was going down stairs, she said she was going to get jolly well drunk, and have a week's spree at other peoples' expense, and if the entered the place again, she hoped she should break her neck—this was the day she went to her place—I did not know her before—she was saying this to herself as she went down stairs—my door was open—the prosecutrix was in her own room at the time, but I do not know whether she heard it—she hallooed it out very loud.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Mrs. Large in the room at the time she picked up the brooch? A. No—I did not tell her about it till after the prisoner was taken, when the came to me and told me her trouble—I did not go before the Magistrate—I see Mrs. Large every day—she desired me to come here to-day—my husband is a cordwainer, and works for Mr. Crab, of Sloane-strcet—he heard what the prisoner said going down stairs, but he is not here—she said it loud enough to be heard by every body in the house, but Mrs. Large is very old, and she is so confused.
(John Falk, jeweller, Buckingham street, Pimlico, and Martha Dolby, baker, Kensington, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
 of stealing the brooch only. Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.

