






552. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January

, 1 sheet, value 6s., and 1 table-cloth, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Robert Poole 
                           Golding
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 shawl, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Hughes
                        



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERT POOLE GOLDING
               



            . I keep the White Lion, in Upper Thames-street





. On the 27th of January the prisoner came in the evening, and asked for a lodging - I refused him; he went away, and in half an hour returned, and begged very hard to have a lodging, saying he had been travelling, and just coming off a journey and it was a hard case a man could not get a lodging - I turned to my wife, and asked if she could make a bed in the club-room; she said she could - I then said, "We will make you as comfortable as we can;" he said, "I shall take up my residence here," and he walked into our little bar-parlour, called for a glass of rum-and-water, smoked his pipe, and made very free - he said he had just come from Staffordshire, that he travelled for government, and had 4l. 10s. a week - he then made use of an oath; I said we did not allow that, we expected he would act as a gentleman - he then threw down some half-and-half, and called for another pint; he dashed that down, and called for another - he then said he would go to bed; I took a candle, andshowed him into the club-room - I told him I would come and fetch his candle; I went again after a while, he was then in bed, and the sheets were on the bed; I believe it was then between eight and nine o'clock - he said he wanted to lay till nine in the morning, and then to be called - on my daughter's going up stairs to bed she saw a great wet in the passage - she came down; I went up, and saw the water under the door, and I fastened his door by tying it to the balustrades, so that he could not get out - about nine o'clock in the morning, while I was in bed, my door was opened; it closed again, and I heard some one say, "D-n it, I have made a mistake;" in a few minutes the door opened again -I opened one side of the curtain; I saw the prisoner again - he begged pardon, said he had been down stairs, and had made a mistake; he then went down stairs, and said, "Good morning, Mr. Golding, I shall be here again to-night;" he went down, and presently I heard some one come up again; I thought it was the servant coming to see that all was right - I got up, put my trousers and stockings on, went out of my room, which faces the room he slept in, and to my surprise there was the prisoner brushing his coat - I thought he seemed buttoned up very tight; he said he had been down stairs, and had a glass of gin, which had made him all right - I said, "How came you to make such a mess here last night?" he said, "Oh, I have been down, seen the servant, and made all right;" he then bolted out of the house as hard as he could run - my mistress went to the door, and could not see him; she then called up to know if all was right - I looked on his bed, and missed one sheet; they ran out, but he was gone - I got on my things and went out, but I could not find him; I returned, and to my surprise I found the girl had lost her shawl, and a table-cloth was also missing - I got an advertisement put it into the paper, as a cantion to publicans; and in consequence of that I was sent for on the following Friday by Mr. Smith, at the Acorn, the corner of Addle-hill, and found the prisoner had come there - I said, "That is the fellow;" the prisoner said, "Fellow! I will make you prove your words; I am no fellow, and no thief;" I sent for the officer, and he was given in charge - I have never found any of my things.
Prisoner. He told you he saw me on the stairs; I was in my room, I took up my hat and gloves, and came out with him. Witness. No, I did not go into the room - I stood at the door, and he bolted down stairs as hard as he could.
Prisoner. The Magistrate would not commit me on his charge - when we came out of the room the sheets were safe. Witness. I did not go into the room at all - I opened the door, and he was standing there; he then ran off.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I remember the prisoner being at my master's house; he went out just after nine o'clock in the morning - he had no breakfast; he took a glass of gin at the bar - I made the bed over night; it then had a pair of sheets on it - I missed one sheet just after he left the house, and my shawl, which I had left over night in a drawer in the kitchen, which is up stairs - he would have to pass that to get down to the tap-room; he stood at the bar to have his gin - he did not pay for his bed; it was a large size sheet, but he might conceal it about his dress - when he went away his dress seemed very tight indeed; I did not observe his dress over night - I gave 5s. for my shawl; it was a cotton one and a smallsize - the sheet was worth about 6s.; the table-cloth, which was missed, had been in the same drawer with my shawl; that was worth 7s. - I had seen them both safe over night, just before I went to bed; no one had been in the kitchen, to my knowledge, that morning.
Prisoner. The prosecutor said this witness saw me come out of the kitchen.
MR. GOLDING. No, my youngest daughter saw him.
COURT. Q. What did he pay? A. He paid 1s. 10d. for what he had over night; he paid nothing in the morning, but the 2d. for the glass of gin.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner at the Acorn public-house - Mr. Golding was present; there were three or four persons there giving charge of him.
The prisoner, in a long Defence, declared that he had not taken the property.
JURY to MR. GOLDING. Q. Had you any other lodgers in the house that night? A. No, not one; no one but him used the bed-room.



               GUILTY of stealing the sheet only
            . Aged 32.
553. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January

, 1 sheet, value 4s., and 1 counterpane, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Turner
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 pair of shoes, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Robinson
                        



.


                  JOHN 
                  TURNER
               



            . I live at No. 5, Pitcher's-cout, Bellalley, Coleman-street



. The prisoner came there this day three weeks, and said he wanted a single man's lodging -I said I had one; he went up stairs, just walked into the room, and said, "This is a comfortable bed, and that is the chief thing;" he said he had just come from the country, and wanted somewhere near hand to his work - I asked him what trade he was; he said he was an engineer - he asked what was the rent; I told him half a crown a week - he said that would hurt no one; he went down stairs, asked me to show him into the back yard, and then he went away for about three hours - he came again about half-past two o'clock, and said he had been drinking with some of his countrymen, and was very much fatigued, for he could not stand our London drink; I said if he wanted to lay down in the room in which I was at work, he could - he said, "I am afraid your hammer will disturb me;" he then walked into his room, and laid there about half an hour - he then knocked against the wainscot; I went in, and he said his box would be there about four o'clock - he asked me to take it in, to call him about six, and he would have a cup of tea; I left him there, and a young man, who was going to sleep in the same room, came up and took some money out of his box - the prisoner asked if he could spend the evening with him; he said Yes, it would be very agreeable - the young man then came out, and the door was shut; in about twenty minutes afterwards I heard the prisoner walking about the room without his shoes - he rattled the wash-hand jug and basin; I thought he might be washing himself - I presently heard the room of his door open, he came out, and knocked at my room door; he opened the door, came half-way in, and said, "D-nthat fellow, he made such a noise I could not sleep; what will you have to drink?" I said Nothing - he said, "You must have something;" he stood with the door open, and his body leaning forward - a young man, who was at work with me, said, "If we must have something, we will have a drop of gin;" he said, "I will go and fetch a drop, can the landlady lend me a bottle?" I said Yes - he said,"Very likely the publican can lend me a pot:" he then went down stairs, and I thought he was rather long before he went out at the street door - I got up, looked out at the window, and saw him going down the court; the young man who worked with me looked out likewise, and remarked how he waddled - I sat down, worked for about five minutes, and I thought he was gone a long while; he never returned - I went into the room he had been in, and missed my quilt, sheet, and a pair of shoes of 
               
                  William 
                  Robinson
               



            's, which had been in the cupboard in that room.
Prisoner. I know nothing of this gentleman whatever - he said the other day, when I was ordered into the yard to walk, that I was not the man. Witness. No, I did not; that is the man, and that is the dress he had on when he came to my house.


                  CELIA 
                  TURNER
               



            . I let the prisoner in when he knocked at the door, and called my husband - I am certain he is the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  SCATES
               



            . I work with the prosecutor - I saw the prisoner; I am certain he is the man that came - he came into the workshop, and was there about eight minutes; I heard him talk, his voice was very gruff - I am certain he is the person.


                  ABBOTT 
                  KING
               



            . I was at the house, and saw him; I am certain he is the person.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of these persons; I walked in the yard for twenty minutes - they said I was not the man; he states I took a counterpane and a sheet, and I was dressed as I am now - is it possible I could, and he not seen them when I went down the court?



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven years for each Offence
            .
