





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
445. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John Christopher 
                           Pfeiler
                        




                     
                  , on the 10th of January
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 purse, value 6d., and 1 half-sovereign, his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CHRISTOPHER PFEILER
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in George-street, New-road. On the 10th of January, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming from' Change, and going to Finch-lane - at the corner of Finch-lane


 I was all at once surrounded by a gang of men; they were all strangers to me - I was pressed in such a particular manner that I could not move at all - my arms were squeezed up, and confined; I had a purse in my pocket, containing half a sovereign - I felt a hand in my pocket at the time my arms were confined, and all at once they disappeared; I then found my watch-chain was gone, withtwo seals and a key, also my purse, with half a sovereign in it - the watch-chain broke, leaving the watch and one link of the chain behind; I could not distinguish the persons of any of the men - I saw the prisoner the next day, before the Lord Mayor, but had no recollection of him; the identical purse which was taken from me was produced there - the chain and seals have not been found.
Prisoner. Q. Can you positively swear to the purse? A. Yes - I cannot be mistaken in it; I did not see you till the next morning.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I am one of the City Police. On the 10th of January, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was near the Exchange, and saw Mr. Pfeiler at the corner of Finch-lane; three or four persons were round him, and the prisoner was behind them; I was on the opposite side of the way at first, but went close to them - when I had been over about a minute I saw the prisoner's right-hand go in the direction of the prosecutor's right-hand pocket, and when he drew his hand back he had a purse in it; I immediately seized his hand, and he dropped the purse; I picked it up - Forrester and I took him to the Mansion-house: we had no opportunity of speaking to the prosecutor, for it was at the time Mr. Hunt was coming through the City, and there was a great mob; the prisoner did not claim the purse - Mr. Pfeiler saw it next day at the Mansion-house, and claimed it; there was a half-sovereign, wrapped in paper, and a button in it.
MR. PFEILER. This is the identical purse which was stolen from me; the contents are the same as when I lost it.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am one of the City Police. I and Roe were at the corner of Birchin-lane, which is nearly opposite Finch-lane; I saw an elderly gentleman crowded round - I believe it to be Mr. Pfeiler, but cannot be positive; I stepped over - I was a little behind Roe, and when he laid hold of the prisoner I observed something drop between the prisoner and the gentleman; Roe pushed the prisoner a little aside, and took up the purse which I had seen fall - the prisoner did not claim it, or say any thing about it; he was taken in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Cornhill, and near Finch-lane Roe collared me - he charged me with stealing the purse; I immediately told him it was not me that dropped it; he shoved me aside, and the purse certainly laid behind me - but, as for Roe swearing he saw me take it out of the pocket, it is false; there were many thousand people in Cornhill at the time.
JURY to MR. PFIELER. Q. Do you recollect whether your hands were held up at the moment you felt a hand in your pocket? A. My hands were forced up prior to my feeling a hand in my pocket: they were held up at that time, and considerably before; I carry my purse in my right-hand breeches pocket.




               GUILTY of stealing from the person only
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
