





332. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     BEATTIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously uttering and putting off as true a certain false, forged,and counterfeit request for the delivery of goods
            , which is as follows:-
"Messrs. Johnson and Bulmer, - Gentlemen, Please to send to Messrs. Wood and Co., Red Lion-court, to enclose as under, and oblige your obedient Servant, for 
               
                  George 
                  Cannon S. Howard
               



            , Peckham, 18th December, 1830, - 2ea. 6-4 nainsocks, Nos. 8, 10, 12, - 2 ea. 6-4 cambrics, 10s. 12s. 14s., - 3-4 merinos, 33s. or to match as near as possible."
with intent to defraud 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Johnson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bulmer
                  



               
            , well knowing the same to be forged.
THREE OTHER COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and ARCHDALE conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALFRED VERRALS
               



            . I am an apprentice to Robert Johnson and William Bulmer. On Saturday evening, the 18th of December
, a little after six o'clock, a person, who I am certain is the prisoner, came to the warehouse, at No. 95, Watling-street


, and delivered me this paper - he said, "I have brought an order from Mr. Cannon, of Peckham; I ought to have delivered it earlier in the day, but if it is sent in now it will do as well, to Messrs. H. and T. Wood, of Red Lion-court, Watling-street;" that is a very short distance from our warehouse (order read as in the indictment).
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you say before Alderman Waithman, that you were not sure the prisoner was the person who presented it? A. I did not: what I said was read over, and I signed it - I am sure I did not say so.
COURT. Q. Do you recollect what you said? A. I said, to the best of my knowledge and belief, the prisoner was the person who gave me the order; it being rather dark at the time, by his general appearance, I conceive him to be the man - I took notice of his voice, which is one reason why I speak to him; he has a peculiar accent.
MR. ARCHDALE. Q. What did you do in consequence of that letter? A. I selected the goods, except one piece, tied up part of them, and took them over to H. and G. Woods, Red Lion-court, and left them with Sutherland; this is the parcel, (looking at it) - it is directed "
               
                  George 
                  Cannon
               



            , Peckham."
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. It was nearly dark when the person presented the order? A. Yes - it was at the warehouse door; it is rather a light warehouse.
MR. ARCHDALE. Q. Have you any doubt whatever of the prisoner's person? A. I have none whatever; I saw him next day before the Magistrate - I knew Cannon, of Peckham, was a customer of ours.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did the person tell you he did not know who Cannon was? A. No; I did not ask him any questions; I heard his voice, because he said he had brought the order, &c.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUTHERLAND
               



            . I am warehouseman to Messrs. Wood and Son, of Red Lion-court, Watling-street, woollen-drapers. I never saw the prisoner till the 18th of December, when he came, about half-past four o'clock, and asked if we sold merinos; I told him we did - he said he wanted a quantity for shipping, but it was too late, he would look in on Monday morning - and as he went out. he said, "You have an account with Cannon, of Peckham"- I said we had; he said, "That is the gentleman who sent me here;" he went away, and about half-past six o'clock this parcel came - I received it from Verrals: I received this note from a porter, to whom I delivered the parcel which had I received from Verrals.


                  STEPHEN 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am porter at the King and Key, Fleet-street. On the 18th of December the prisoner gave me a note to take to Wood and Co., Red Lion-court, and to bring a parcel back - I am certain of his person; he said he would meet me at the King and Key - I went, and delivered the note to a young man at Wood and Co.'s, and brought the parcel to the King and Key; the prisoner came there in about an hour and a half, and asked me what I charged for my trouble; I told him 1s. - he said he would call again in three quarters of an hour or an hour, and pay me; he did so - the witness came in directly after the prisoner, sent for an officer, and gave him in charge; the parcel was on the bar at the King and Key then - it was taken to the watch-house with the prisoner. (Note read.)
To Messrs. Wood and Co., Red Lion-court, - Please to deliver to the bearer a parcel, addressed for Mr. George Cannon, Peckham, and you will oblige, &c.

R. 
            STANLEY, King and Key.
Cross-examined. Q. Was any body present when he gave you the order? A. Three people were at the bar - he gave me the note, then followed me outside, told me to go directly for the parcel, and bring it to him; I never saw him before - it was about seven o'clock; I had drank nothing but two pints of porter that day.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you know the three persons at the bar? A. They had come in casually to drink - I knew one of them.


                  HENRY 
                  GARRATT
               



            . I am warehouseman to the prosecutors. I went to Messrs. Woods, suspecting the order was not gennine, and followed the porter with the goods from there to the King and Key; I was not present when the prisoner came into the King and Key; I went in, and saw the parcel on the counter, adjoining the tap - he was by the side of it; the landlord pointed him out as the person who had called for it; I said to him, "I suppose you know Mr. Cannon, of Peckham?" he said, "I do not - I am merely a bearer;" I said under those circumstances I must give him into custody - he said, "You can do nothing with me, as I have not taken possession of it;" nothing more passed.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not offer to give you every information, and point out the person who sent him? A. He said he should be happy to do so hereafter; Furby, who has pleaded guilty to-night, was in the prosecutor's employ - I did not mention Furby's name to him.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Having promised to give you every information, did he give you any? A. No, except what he said before the Alderman, in answer to the charge- he said nothing about Mr. Stanley, who had written the letter.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am a woollen-warehouseman, and live in Red Lion-court, Watling-street. On the evening of the 18th of December, the prisoner came into our countinghouse, and said he had several commissions to execute for Mr. Cannon, of Peckham - that he would send a parcel in to us, and if he did not call himself, I was to deliver it to any person he might send - we do business with Cannon, ofPeckham, and frequently receive parcels for him; I knew nothing of the prisoner before.


                  GEORGE 
                  CANNON
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live at Peckham. There is no other person of my name there - I do business with the prosecutors; I never employed the prisoner to get goods from them for me - I do not know him; I also do business with Messrs. Wood - no person named Howard is in my employ, or authorised to write for me; I do not know Stanley.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Furby? A. Yes; he has pleaded guilty to-night - he was in the prosecutors' employ.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALFRED VERRALS
               



            . This is the parcel of goods I made up, in pursuance of the order; it was wafered when delivered to me.
Prisoner's Defence. I have only to say I was led into the business completely by 
               
                  John 
                  Furby
               



            , under whose instructions I acted, and delivered that order as a messenger - I was instructed by him to make use of Cannon's name.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - Transported 


               for Fourteen Years
            .
