






1136. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BLAKE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry John 
                           Morgan
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  JOHN MORGAN
               



            . I am a solicitor
, and live in Lincoln's Inn. On the morning of the 18th of April, about eleven o'clock, I was going to a chapel in Regent-street - I was asked if I had lost my handkerchief; I felt, and said I had - I knew I had had it half an hour before; I have seen it since - I had not seen the prisoners near me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOOTHMAN
               



            . I am a special-constable. On Sunday morning, the 18th of April, I saw the two prisoners following the prosecutor in Lisle-street - they were within two yards of him; I watched them - they walked from there to Sydney's-alley


; there Taylor put him hand into the prosecutor's pocket, took out a red handkerchief, and handed it to Blake, who was close by him - he put it into his pocket; they turned down Sydney's-alley - I spoke to the prosecutor, and followed them; they saw me, and took different directions - I told the Police-officer to follow Blake, and I followed Taylor; he was stopped, but he told the people it was about a broken window, and they let him go - I knew him, and took him again.
Taylor. I have witnesses to prove I was not out. Witness. He said in going along that he had been out all the morning, and at the office he said he had not.
Blake. He and the Policeman have been bothering the people to tell me to plead guilty, and then to send in a petition. Witness. The friends have been with me, the prosecutor, and the Police-officer, wanting us to withdraw or to do what we could; I said we could do nothing, that the case I considered was clear against them - and if they pleaded guilty they might get off with a more lenient punishment.


                  HENRY 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I saw Blake come from Tower-street, and turn up another street - he made a stop, looked round, took this handkerchief from his bosom, and threw it into a hole in an empty house; I followed and took him there - I came back and took up the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BLAKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
