





2534. 




WILLIAM FREEGROVE
, 




MARY ANN FREEGROVE
, and 




LOUISA BELL
 were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of August, 1 desk, value 10s.; 2 seals, value 2l.; and 1 pencil-case, value 3s.; the goods of 



Russel Martin Riccard.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






RUSSEL MARTIN RICCARD
. I am a law student. I lodge in Frederick-street, Gray's Inn-lane—I had this desk there—it was locked—I lost it, and these two seals, and this pencil-case—I lost a gold guard-chain from the mantel-piece, a vinaigrette, some silk handkerchiefs, and other things on the 7th of August—they were worth about 70l.





ANN LATHAM
. I reside with my father, at No. 36, Frederick-street, Gray's Inn-lane. Mr. Riccard lodged there—on the 7th of August I went out about eight o'clock in the evening—I noticed this desk in the room which Mr. Riccard occupied—I missed it about ten o'clock that evening, and a gold chain and other things—the door was fastened with a latch—any one could open it by turning the knob—the outer door of the house was fastened—I closed the outer door when I went out that evening, and when I came back I saw the desk safe—there were no marks of violence on the door—the person who came in must have come in by a false key.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Have you any servants? A. One—we have two other lodgers—one of them has a key of the latch of the front door—I believe it is called a French latch.





WILLIAM BALLARD
. I was an officer. On the 17th of August I went to No. 73, Compton-street—I went up to the front room on the second floor—after some time William Freegrove came in, and the two female prisoners immediately began to tell him what I was there for—he began to move ahout, and Mary Ann Freegrove said to him, "You had better take your watch"—he took a watch which she handed to him, and put it in his pocket—when Keys came up I told him, and he took the watch from Freegrove—it had a chain to it, and these two seals were on it—as soon as freegrove had got the watch he said he wanted to go out, and said it was not his place, it was his brother's room—I said, "I don't care whether it is your place or not, you shall not go out"—he appeared to express determination—I said, "Let me have no nonsense, I have got two officers

below"—I was obliged to keep him off with my left hand, and threaten to strike him with my staff—I found this desk there, which appean to have been broken open—this screw-driver which I found in the room appears to be what it was broken with.





FRANCIS KEYS
. I went into the room and found Ballard there—I produce these two seals, which were attached to the watch which I took from William Freegrove—when I was going to take it he said, "What are you going to do?"—I said, "It is as safe in my hand as in yours"—he said it was his own, and he had bought it at Machin and Debenham's.





ABRAHAM FLETCHER
. I went to the room with the other officer—I saw this screw-driver fitted to this desk, it appeared to have made the marks, as if it had been broken open with it.





WILLIAM GREVILLE OLIVIER
. I keep that house—Freegrove and his wife occupied that room, and had done so for three weeks before—Bell was there frequently.

W. FREEGROVE—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years more.

M. A. FREEGROVE and BELL—


NOT GUILTY
.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

