



964. 




GEORGE HERBERT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of February, at 
St. Pancras, 2 watches, value 1l. 15s.; 10 spoons, value 3l.; 1 fork, value 13s.; 1 cream-jug, value 1l. 12s.; 1 ring, value 8s.; 2 shirt buttons, value 6s.; and two brooches, value 6s.; the goods of 



John Herbert, in his dwelling-house.






SARAH HERBERT
. I am the wife of John Herbert, and live in Harford-street, Fitzroy-square, in the parish of St. Pancras—he rents the whole house. The prisoner is my son—on the 27th of February, the officers produced to me a variety of articles belonging to my husband—they had been taken from the drawer in the back parlour, which was locked, to the best of my knowledge—I found the parlour window half-way up—I had left the room about eight o'clock in the morning, and returned between nine and ten o'clock—it was a bed room, but on the ground floor—my son frequently came backwards and forwards, but I do not know of his being there that day.





LOUIS KYEZOR
. I am a silversmith in Tottenham-court-road. On Monday afternoon, the 27th of February, the prisoner came to my shop, and produced a watch for sale, which he offered for 1l.—I said it was not worth 8s. or 9s.—he afterwards pulled out another—I asked him if it was his own—he said no, it belonged to a young man outside the door—I said, "Tell the young man to walk in," and as he was going to the door he said, "Do you buy old silver?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "What do you give per ounce?"—I said 5s., and asked if he had any—he then produced two silver table spoons, six tea and two salt spoons—I asked if he had any more plate for sale, as I had better buy it altogether—he then produced a silver fork, and put his hand into his pocket and pulled out a cream jug—I said, "Now fetch in the other young man, and I will pay him for what you say is his, and pay you for the silver"—I winked at my young man to fetch an officer, and Mrs. Kyezor took the hint to shut the shop door, as the other young man who had come in at the prisoner's call, ran out—I staid with the prisoner till the officer came—when the prisoner went to the door to call in the young man, he gave three regular thief's whistles, which

I understand means, all right—I have often had thieves bring property to my house—I dare say within the last five years I have apprehended nearly fifty who have come to sell plate—when the officer questioned the prisoner, he said the property did belong to his father.





ROBERT FLANDERS
 (police constable E 50.) I took the prisoner into custody, and produce the articles.





JOHN CRAYFORD
. I am a policeman. I found two brooches, a ring, some silver shirt buttons, a Spanish sixpence, and several other things on the prisoner.

MRS. HERBERT
re-examined. These are my husband's property, and the same I lost from the drawers—they are worth more than£5.

Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Life.
