




1111. 




GEORGE FISHER
 and 



ELIZABETH FISHER
 were again indicted for

feloniously receiving, on the 
7th of March, 1 coat, value 40s., the goods of 



Henry Jones, well knowing it to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.






HENRY JONES
. On the 7th of March, I went to breakfast, and left my great-coat on the foot-board of my one-horse fly, in the coach-house, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning—it was taken away—this is it.





SAMUEL WRIGHT
 (police-constable P 172.) On the 9th of March, about half-past seven o'clock, I went to the prisoner's house at Camberwell to search for some other property—I went to the back of the premises—I saw the ware—house door open—I went in and saw this coat in the warehouse—I came out, and went into the shop—the prisoner, George Fisher, was there—my sergeant told me to look after him—he then went out into the yard—I went with him—he went into the stable, seemed very much agitated, and said, "For God's sake, let me get one thing out of the next door, or else I shall be transported—(his warehouse is next door)—I said I should not do any thing of the kind—his wife then went by, and he threw some keys to her—she then opened the door of the warehouse, and slammed it after her—I called out for assistance, and we went into the next house, and saw Elizabeth Fisher coming down stairs—she said we might search her, she had nothing about her—I went up stairs to search the premises, and saw this coat (which I had seen in the prisoner's warehouse) hanging on the door—I asked George Fisher if he knew any thing about that coat—he said he knew nothing about it, and his wife said the same—it was in Mr. Skinner's house I found the coat.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Who went with you to the prisoner's house? A. The inspector, the acting inspector, and another officer—I saw this coat in the front room, in the warehouse—the other officers did not go there with me—they stood in the shop—I went into the warehouse by myself—I examined this coat—I took it in my hand—I saw it had six capes—there was no one with me at the time—I then went into the front shop, and saw the male prisoner there—I do not know that he saw in what direction I came in—I came in by the back door—I do not

know whether he knew that I must have seen the coat there—the other officers were searching among the rags—they had their eye on the prisoners—the wife opened the warehouse-door with the key, and slammed it after her—I had been in that warehouse before, but I went in at the back door—she unlocked the front door—I saw her do it, and called out for assistance—I did not Jay hold of her, as I was afraid of the male prisoner going—Mr. Skinner's house is not in a line with the prisoner's house and the warehouse—their house is at the corner—Skinner's is the next to the warehouse—I had not been in Skinner's house before I found the coat—Sergeant Collier was with me at that time—this coat was hanging on the top of the door, which was open—it was very conspicuous—no one could have gone by without seeing it—I told Collier, when I saw the coat, that I had seen it in the warehouse—I had not before mentioned that I had seen it.

COURT. Q. Could this woman have got out of the warehouse again without unlocking the door? A. Yes, at the back door—she did not know that door was open—when she opened the front door with the key, she could go through the house.





JOHN COLLIER
 (police-sergeant P 8.) I went with the last witness—Mrs. Fisher came down stairs, got over two little garden fences, and went into Mr. Skinner's house—I went into Skinner's house, and examined it—there was no great-coat there then—I am sure it could not be there then—I then went to the prisoner's, and in a few minutes I went to Skinner's again, and found this coat hanging on the back room door—I am sure it was not there when I first went—Mrs. Fisher had an opportunity of going to Skinner's in the intermediate time—I found some tickets in the coat pocket, and in the sleeve, by which I found the prosecutor.

Cross-examined. Q. It would have been very easy for them to have destroyed these tickets? A. Yes; I went without any one to Skinner's; the first time I believe—I am not positive whether Wright was with me or not—I do not think we went together—I examined all the rooms—this coat was not there then, I am sure—when I went the second time, I went with the last witness—I did not threaten Mrs. Skinner, nor did any one in my presence.





REBECCA SKINNER
. I live next door to Fisher's. On the 9th of March I heard a tap at my back window—I opened the door and let in Mrs. Fisher—she was agitated—I said, "What is the matter?"—she said, the officers were in the house—the officer came in and said, he did not like her being there—she did not bring any thing then—she came again in about twenty minutes, and brought this box-coat on her arm—I took it up stairs, and the officer came in and found it—I do not recollect that Collier had examined the house before the coat was found—I can swear he did not—I had been in the house all the time.
(Phoebe Roach, Elizabeth Roach, and Thomas Taylor, of Camberwell, Mr. Flint, a smith, and Thomas Jackson, of Deptford, gave the prisoners a good character.)

GEORGE FISHER—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.



Transported for Fourteeu Years.

ELIZABETH FISHER—


NOT GUILTY
.

First Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
