




347. 




ELIZABETH JONES
 and 




SARAH HALL



 weres indicted for stealing, on the 
4th of January, 1 collar, value 6d., and 1 padlock, value 3d., the goods of 



James Mathias.






JAMES MATHIAS
. I live in Nassau-street, Middlesex-hospital. On the 4th of January I lost a cat, with a collar and padlock—I saw the cat last about half-past seven o'clock in the evening—its body was produced at Marylebone-office the same evening—it was dead—I saw the collar and Padlock, and knew them to be mine.





JACOB MILLER
. I am a policeman. The evening before last I went to the corner of Nassau-street, in York-street, in consequence of information, and about twenty yards from the prosecutor's I found the two prisoners together, crossing the road—on my approaching them, Hall had got a large black cat, which she dropped, and it ran away—I asked Jones what she had got in her apron—she said, "Nothing"—I put my hand into her apron, and found two cats, one dead, the other not quite dead—I asked how they came to do such a thing—she said, "We do any thing for a living"—I took them into custody, and on going to the station-house, some people asked if they were not ashamed of themselves—Jones said, "I would serve you the same, if I could catch hold of you"—On going to the station-house, I found the padlock and key in Jones's hand—I showed one of the cats to Mr. Mathias that night—it was about twenty minutes after eight o'clock—I found on Jones a painted apron, which is used for killing cats, to prevent their scratching.





JAMES MATHIAS

re-examined. My name is engraved on this collar, which was on the cat that evening at seven o'clock.

Jones's Defence. It is false what the policeman says—I picked up the collar—it was bent double when I found it in Charlotte-street,

Hall's Defence. The two cats were lying in the road, and the collar by the side of them—as to a live cat being dropped by me, there was a cat run by at the time he caught hold of me—I had no black cat, nor say cat.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged. 19.

HALL—


GUILTY
. Aged. 22




Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

