



1300. 




WILLIAM HARRIS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of March, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 3s.; and 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; the goods of 



Mary Bowen; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY BOWEN
. I am single, and live in Thayer-street, Marylebone. I had a watch in the back room on the second-floor—I missed it on the 25th of March—this is it—(looking at it.)





EMMA SCANLAN
. I live in this house—the prosecutrix was visiting my mother. On the 25th of March, the prisoner came to look at our apartments—I showed him the second-floor, which was to let—he went in the

second-floor back room, where the prosecutrix slept—he walked about that room, and asked me to go down and get him a card—I said I would give him one when he went down—he asked me to draw up the blind that he might see that it was open at the back—no one else was in the room but him—after he was gone we missed the watch.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you no servants? A. We have a boy—I did not leave the room while the prisoner was in it.





WILLIAM EDMUND RUMSEY
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker in High-street, Marylebone—I took in this watch of the prisoner on the 25th of March—he said it was his own.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. No; he was in the shop two or three times before I served him—I saw him again a week afterwards—I can swear to him.





WILLIAM BARWICK
. I bought the duplicate of this watch of the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A general dealer—I liven White Lion-street, Pentonville—I do not in general deal in duplicates, but knowing the prisoner to be a respectable young man, as I thought, and knowing his friends, I bought it—I keep a bottle and phial warehouse—I am obliged to have "marine stores" written up, on account of any thing being brought in—I buy rags and iron, and other things.





PATRICK FLANNAGAN
 (police-constable C 37.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.
