





Before Mr. Justice Alderson.
915. 
               
                  
                     MORGAN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, 6 combs, value 9s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew 
                           Hornidge
                        




                     
                  , and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  HORNIDGE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Hornidge
               



             - we live in Clerkenwell


, and sell combs
. On Saturday, the 24th of March, about half-past nine o'clock, I was serving a lady at my stall with combs; I saw the prisoner at a distance - Parker gave me information; I followed the prisoner, calling Stop thief! he ran as hard as he could, but was taken by the Policeman, without my losing sight of him - I saw him pull his hat off, and saw his hand go to his hat; he appeared to throw something into some old ruins in Aylesbury-street - I returned to my stall, and missed six combs.


                  ELEANOR 
                  PARKER
               



            . I was standing near the stall, and saw the prisoner take the combs; he put them into his hat - I gave information, and he run away.


                  THOMAS 
                  PHILPOTT
               



            . I am a Policeman. I heard an alarm, and saw the prisoner running; I followed; I saw him take his hat off, take the combs from it, and throw them into the ruins - I went there after taking him to the station, but found nothing - that was about half an hour after; he told the Magistrate he took three, but not six.


                  JOHN 
                  FRANCIS ATKINSON
               



            . I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction - I was present at his trial, and know he is the same man - (read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
