




2132. 



GEORGE WINTER
 and 




JOHN FRARY, alias
 Joseph Tarby

, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of September, 1 watch, value 1l.; 2 seals, value 15s.; 1 watch-key, value 4s.; and 1 watch chain, value 6d.;. the goods of 



Robert Morris, from his person; and that Frary had been before convicted of felony.






ROBERT MORRIS
. I live in Gilbert-street, Oxford-street. On Sunday, the 4th of September, I was in company with a friend, in Gray's—I nn-lane, going towards Holborn, and saw the prisoner Frary—he came up, put out his hand, and said, "Halloo, old fellow, how do you do? we have met again"—I did not take his hand, but stepped off the curb for him to pass, and in doing so, he pulled my watch out—the prisoner Winter was with him—they were walking side by side—Frary ran away immediately with my watch, and Winter ran with him into Fox-court—my friend and I followed them—I stopped Frary, and my friend stopped Winter—they were taken to Grays—I nn-lane, and I gave them into custody to the officer—I am sure Frary took my watch—he had not got above three or four yards when I stopped him—we were immediately surrounded by girls of the town, and they had the opportunity of getting rid of the watch—it was silver, and had a key, a chain, and two seals—it was worth 2l.—the women came up before they were secured.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time was this? A. At

night—Winter came up in company with the other prisoner—he did no thing to me—he went off with him—my friend is not here—Winter was searched, but nothing found upon him of mine—he did not attempt to touch my watch.

Frary. Q. When you took me, did you find your property on me? A. No—we were surrounded by the women immediately we collared you—there was not time for you to talk to any body—I called a policeman, who came directly—there was no time for you to offer resistance.

COURT. Q. Did you feel him take the watch, or see him take it? A. I felt him take it—I did not see it in his hand—I felt the pull—nobody but him was near enough to take it—I distinctly felt it pulled out.





JOHN BARTLETT
 (police-constable E 147.) I heard the cry of "Police," in Gray's—I nn-lane, between twelve and one o'clock in the rooming, when I came up, the prisoners were in the custody of the prosecutor and his friend, and there was a mob of thieves and prostitutes about—I knew them to be so—I took the prisoners into custody—they had the opportunity of passing the watch to the persons, before I took hold of them.

MR. PHILLIPS
to
ROBERT MORRIS. Q. Had you followed Frary closely? A. Yes—I collared him within a minute—I did not lose sight of him—I was within three or four yards of him—he might pass the watch to I person, and I not see it—as soon as I stopped him we were closely surrounded by men and women—Winter and him were walking side by side, and they both went off together.

Frary's Defence. At half past eight o'clock on Sunday evening, I met a young man who resembles the prosecutor, and his friend—I was to have met them in Grays Inn-lane, at half-past ten o'clock, to have a job from them—I was coming out of the wine vaults, and saw the prosecutor and his friend together—I thought they were the same persons, and I mentioned what the prosecutor has said—heoffered to shake hands with me, but finding my mistake I went past him—I had not got three yards before he came and said I had robbed him. of his watch—I said, "I have not, search me," which he did instantly—there was nobody near me at all.





JAMES WILLIAM CRAWFORD
 (police-Constable 131 G) I know the prisoner Frary—I was present in June 1886, when he was convicted here—I have the certificate of his conviction, and know him to be the person—(read.)

Frary. I have been at work ever since I was out of prison.

FRARY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

WINTER—


NOT GUILTY
.
