





1081. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DARLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel Read 
                           Ludlow
                        




                     
                  , from his person; and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  READ LUDLOW
               



            . I am in the employ of a merchant in the City
. About ten o'clock on the 22nd of April, I was opposite St. Dunstan's-church


, and felt a pull at my pocket; I turned, and saw the prisoner jump from the curb towards a door way - I asked him to give me what he had got; he said he had not got it - the officer came by, and I gave charge of him; I missed my handkerchief - I did not see it in the possession of the prisoner, but he was close to me.


                  ROBERT 
                  BRYANT
               



            . I am a watchman. On the night of the 22nd of April the prisoner was given into my charge about half-past ten o'clock, and I took him to the Compter - in going along he stooped and picked something up from his legs; I asked him what it was - he said, "An old handkerchief - this is it."


                  JOSEPH 
                  BATCHELOR
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner from Bryant, at the watch-house - he took him to the Compter, and on his return he brought this handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCH
               



            . I am a tradesman, and live in Fleet-street. On the 14th of July, 1827, I was here as a witness against this prisoner - he was tried and convicted; I have a copy of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office, (read); he was ordered to pay a fine of 1s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
