



1029. 




DAVID HOTT, alias
 George Johnson

, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of March, 1 time-piece, value 2l., the goods of 



John Budd.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 



William Nedby and others.






THOMAS CLEMENTS
. I am an assistant to William Nedby and others, who are auctioneers. There was a sale on the 22nd of March in Surrey-street, Strand—they were employed as auctioneers by the executor, John Budd—I was there as their agent—there was a time-piece, which I removed to the back parlour the night before the sale—it was safe when the sale began, about half-past twelve o'clock, and about half-past one o'clock I missed it

—I had noticed the prrisoner there—he asked me for a catalogue—this is the time-piece—(looking at it.)

Poisoner. Q. Was there any other person in the place? A. Yes; but not in the parlour—I did not see you in the parlour, but within two feet of the parlour-door—I had not seen you before—I pointed you out at the station-house because I recollected you—I swear this is the die—I should have sworn to it from a thousand—I described it to the policeman.





HENRY HUBBERTY
. I am an officer. I fell in with the prisoner, and saw him talking to Davies, near Crown-street, Westminster—he had something in a black handkerchief—I asked him what he had got—he said "A time-piece"—I took him to the station—I asked to look at what he had got, and he refused at first to let me look, and then I told him I should take him to the watch-house, and he showed me the time-piece—I asked where he got it—he said I had no right to ask him that question, and he should not tell me—when I got him to the station, he said he bought it at Brixton, that day fortnight, at a sale—I found on him a catalogue of a sale, but not the sale where this time-piece was stolen—I made inquiry, and found out this sale.

Prisoner. You asked me what I had got in my hand, and the person with me said you had a right to know, and then I showed it you immediately.





WILLIAM DAVIES
. I fell in with the prisoner at the Mitre, in King-street, Westminster—he said he had no money, and asked if I would treat him with a pint of half-and-half—he then took this time-piece out of his pocket behind, and asked me to buy it for fourteen shillings.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the time-piece of a person at a sale it Brixton-rise, at the beginning of March—I gave fifteen shillings for it—I know the person, but do not know his name nor where he lives—he was at the sale, and I bought it of him afterwards—I was at the West end of the town all that morning, and was not near Surrey-street, Strand—I do not know the residence of the person I was with, or I would have sent to him.




GUILTY
.* Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.
