



816. 




JAMES MACDONALD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
23rd of January, 1 purse, value 6d.;1 handkerchief, value 6d.;1 hat, value 8s.; 9 sovereigns, 1 twopenny-piece, and 1 penny; the goods and monies of 



John Pullen, from his person.






JOHN PULLEN
. I was a waiter at the King's Head tavern, Islington, but have left. At a little after five o'clock in the morning, on the 23rd of January, I had been walking about all night—I had to call at a house that morning, and I went into the Three Hats, at Islington, to wait till I could go there—I was sober, but was fatigued, and I fell asleep on the form after I had been there an hour—there were some cab men and some women there, but I do not remember seeing the prisoner—when I went to sleep I had nine sovereigns, a silver twopenny-piece, and one penny-piese, in my purse, in my trowsers pocket—I had some copper in my waistcoat pocket, but I do not know how much—I had a good hat on—this is it—(looking at it)—when I awoke, about eight o'clock, my hat and money were all gone, except a few coppers, and an old hat was left in place of mine—the prisoner was taken the same evening—I know nothing of him.





JAMES FROST
. I was pot-boy at the Three Hats. The prosecutor was there—he went to sleep—I saw the prisoner come in while he was asleep, and go away before he awoke—the prosecutor then complained of his loss, and I found this old hat there.





WILLIAM PAYNE
. I live at No. 19, Lower-street, Islington. I work at a plasterer's, and have known the prisoner for four years—he lived near me—on the 23rd of January he called me out of doors, and asked whether I would go and pawn a hat for him—I said I did not mind—I went in doors and came out again, and then he asked if I would go and sell it in Petticoat-lane—I went there with him, and he sold it—after he had sold it he told me he had stolen that hat from a gentleman at the Three Hats, at Islington, and had left his old hat there—he said he took 9d. out of the gentleman's pocket, and that he got his hand under three

sovereigns, but he could not get them out—when he was taken I told all this.





DAVID BELASCO
. I bought this hat of the prisoner for 4s., in Cutler-street, Houndsditch, near Petticoat-lane—the officer came to me afterwards—I had then sold it, but I knew who I had sold it to, and we got it.





WILLIAM CHINO
 (police-constable N 61.) I took the prisoner, and found the hat—the money has never been found.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
