






1184. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CHRISTMAS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               uttering the following order, viz:-March 29, 1831
.
Mrs. Bailey, - Give Christmas a shirt and stockings.
By order of T. TUCKER.
with the same intent as before
            .


                  SARAH 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am matron of St. Giles workhouse


. On Wednesday, the 30th of March, the prisoner came to me at the store-room, and delivered me this paper; I received it, and read it aloud "Shirt and stockings?" - the prisoner said, Yes; I then delivered him a shirt and a pair of stockings, and put the paper on a file which I keep; no one has access to it but myself - I entered the order in a book kept for the purpose, and which I have here; I entered it the same day, - I took the paper off the file, and gave it to Mr. Twilly, or he took it off, in my presence, but this file remained in my presence the whole time; I copied the paper, and have some recollection of this particular paper - I first had occasion to believe that there was something wrong, on the same evening or the following one, when I showed it to Mr. Twilly; the file had not been disturbed - I had had it safe from the time I gave the prisoner these things till I showed it to the governor - no one had touched it.
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q.Where did you keep the file? A. In the store-room, which was invariably locked, and never opened but by me.


                  ISAAC 
                  TWILLY
               



            . I am master of the workhouse of St. Giles in the Fields, and St. George, Bloomsbury. Mrs. Bailey is entrusted to deliver out goods to the several paupers, from the parish stock, which belongs to and is supplied by the directors; this order was shown to me by Mrs. Bailey, and I gave my opinion that it was a forgery; Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tucker
               



             is in the habit of signing such papers- he is the assistant-overseer, and acted as such at the time these goods were delivered; the assistant-overseers separately sign orders of this description, and they are complied with as matters of course, when presented, by myself and the matron; I have the charge of the men's wearing-apparel, and she of the women's and the linen - the orders are made on the matron or myself, according to the articles wanted - if this had been in the from for men's shoes, and I had thought it genuine, I should have complied with it - I handed the order I received from Mrs. Bailey to Mr. Tucker.


                  THOMAS 
                  TUCKER
               



            . This paper is not my writing - I am assistant-overseer, and was so on the 30th of March last; I entered on my office in May, 1830, and have been in the daily order of issuing such orders on the matron and Mr. Twilly, on account of the parish - if this order had been genuine Mrs. Bailey would have been bound to comply with it, if it had been in my hand-writing - if an application had been made to me, and I had thought the party required such relief, I should have issued such orders, but this is not my writing, nor written by my authority; I did not authorize the prisoner to apply for such articles, nor for any thing that day; in my judgment, this does not bear any resemblance to my hand-writing, but Mr. Sergeant Sellon thought it did; I am assistant-overseer for the parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, and St. George, Bloomsbury, united for the support of the poor; there is no other person of the name of Tucker who issues such orders.
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q.Are there other overseers? A. Yes. but they are not in the habit of issuing such orders; my eldest son is nine years old - paupers never apply for relief except at the office - no person, to my knowledge, has ever signed one of these papers but myself - here is the book which contains my authority to Act as overseer; here are the minutes of the proceedings.
COURT. Q. Do you know the hand-writing of the chairman? A. Yes, it is the hand-writing of the Reverend Mr. Tyler, to the proceedings of the vestry - (read.)
"At a joint vestry held for the parishes of St. Giles in the Fields and St. George, Bloomsbury, in the vestry-room of the parish of St. Giles in the Fields, on Wednesday, the 12th of May, 1830, the vestry proceeded to ballot for four assistant-overseers, and at the close of the ballot the majority of votes being in favor of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tucker
               



             and three others, they were declared duly elected, and appointed assistant-overseers of these parishes."
I have in consequence of this acted ever since - I have no other appointment in writing: I was then called in. and informed of the decision by the chairman, Mr. Tyler - the next meeting was held on the 15th of May, when the minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed, and signed by the chairman.
MRS. BAILEY. The articles I delivered were worth about 2s. 9d.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Tucker gave me the orders; he is in the habit of giving orders every half hour - he gives so many, he does not know how many he does give; I walked the streets one night, and because I followed him he put me into the watch-house - when I went to him the next day, he said, "I did not like to appear against you."


                  THOMAS 
                  TUCKER
               



            . I have been under the necessity of putting several of them in the watch-house, and I believe I did put him in; I got him an appointment to go to sea, at his own request once, and gave him clothes, but he never went.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
