



436. 




JAMES HILLIER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of December, 40lbs. weight of linen rags, value 10s., the goods of 



William Smith.






DAVID COOPER
. I am a sergeant of the police, at Uxbridge. On the 24th of December I was standing near the station-house, at Uxbridge, at one o'clock in the night, and heard a noise, as if somebody jumped from some height—I looked round, and saw the prisoner coming from a beershop, kept by the prosecutor, who is also a marine-store dealer—he had something very bulky on his back—I went over and collared him, and he dropped a sack off his shoulder—I secured him, and the bag—I then went to the prosecutor's, and found an entry had been made in at a window where he generally keeps his rags—I looked at a heap of road-dirt, under the window, and there was the impression of a shoe nailed in a very peculiar manner—I examined the prisoner's shoes at the station-house, and they exactly corresponded with the marks—the brick-work was scratched, as if a person had got up with their toes against the wall, and between the nails in the fore-part of the prisoner's shoe, I took out a quantity of brickdust,

as if it had been torn out of the brick-work in getting up to the window—Allen came to the station-house, and claimed the bag of rags, and while I was shaking them up for him to look at, something jinked—Allen said, "That is some glass—when I brought the rags, there was glass amongst it," and I found it so.

Prisoner. Q. Did you take my shoe off? A, No, but I examined it was peculiarly nailed—(the prisoner here produced his shoe)—this has been altered since you have been in prison—there were three nails inside here, which have been taken out.





GEORGE ALLEN
. I am in the service of William Smith. I cannot swear to these rags—the bag is not mine—there was glass in our rags—I saw them at the station-house at one o'clock, and claimed them—I said, "I think they are my master's rags, but I could not swear to them"—I said they were ours, as there was glass among them—there were more rags in another part of the rag-room—I went to bed that night, about half-past nine o'clock, in a room adjoining the rag-room—I was awoke, between twelve and one o'clock, by a noise—it appeared as if somebody was in the house—there is a brick noggin between my room and the next, and I heard a noise, as if somebody jumped out—I afterwards saw the policeman—I got up, and missed the rags—there were strips of wood nailed up to the room window—I found that all broken down—the rags produced are like my master's—they are such as I had bought.





WILLIAM SERVANT
. I am a policeman, of Uxbridge. I was with Cooper on Monday night, and heard the noise—I assisted in taking the prisoner—he made great resistance, and I think he would have got away, had I not been there—I examined his shoes, and noticed the impression in the lump of dirt under the window exactly corresponded with his shoes—I also saw the brick-dirt between the nails of his shoes, and there were toe-marks under the window—I first saw him about twenty-five yards from the window, but the sergeant saw him about ten yards from the window.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the rags of a man who I met about two hundred yards from the prosecutor's, for half-a-crown—I did not offer to ran away, but told the policeman directly where I bought them.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
