






1308. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BROOKS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, 1 mare, price 8l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Martin
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GAY
               



             (police-constable E 161). On the 8th of July, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw a mare in Gray's-inn-road - the prisoner Smith was leading her with a rope halter - I asked him what he was going to do with it; he said, he wanted a pound or a green-yard to put it into; he said, he had had it given him to hold, in St. Paul's church-yard - I asked where he lived, he said, in the Dover-road; I asked him again, soon after he said, in the Waterloo-road; and then, at another time, in the Kent-road - this satisfied me that things were not right - and I took him to the station-house - he was taken before the magistrate and was ordered for reexamination, and during that time the other officer found the owner of the mare - he saw it on the Tuesday following, in the green-yard, where I had put it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I was in the police, but have left it - I found the owner of the mare, and took Brooks on the Tuesday following.


                  GEORGE 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I live at No. 17, West-square, Lambeth - I saw the mare on the Tuesday, it was mine - I turned her out at Mr. Wheeler's, at Newington, Surrey


, which I have done for three years - on the 5th of July I saw the man put her in and fasten the gate - I left her at eight o'clock at night - I went the next morning and missed her - I do not know either of the prisoners.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I live with Mr. Wheeler. I remember the mare coming, and I fastened the gate with the chain; the next morning she was gone.


                  CHARLES 
                  EDWARD BREWIN
               



            . I live at No. 14, Hunter-street, Dover-road. I am a policeman - on Friday, the 5th of July, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I was on duty in Dover-road; I saw a person, who I rather think, was Smith, on a mare, walking up and down the Dover-road for half an hour - I at first thought he wanted to get through the gate without paying -there happened to be a noise in one of the turnings; I went to see what it was, and found it was only a few drunken people quarrelling; I then returned to the road and missed the man and the mare - I went down a street and saw the mare tied up, and no person near her - I examined it, and when I had stood about ten minutes the two prisoners came there together, and one of them untied the mare; I walked towards them, and said,"Is that your mare" - Brooks answered, and said, "Yes it is, Charley;" I said, it was a very wrong thing of them to tie the mare there, for if it had been there five minutes longer I should have taken it to the green-yard, which would have cost them 5s. or 6s.; Brooks then said, it was not his; it belonged to 
               
                  Bill 
                  Adams
               



            , and he had given a boy some half-pence to take it into the Kent-road - I asked who 
               
                  Bill 
                  Adams
               



             was, whether he was the broom-hawker, he said, he did not know - I knew the prisoners and let the mare go with them; and on the Saturday Wheeler's son came to me and I heard it had been stolen - I gave a description of the mare I had seen in Fox's-buildings.
CHARLES BURRIDGE (police-constable M 77). I was in Kent-street on Friday night - I saw Brooks there, and a third person, whom I knew, and a person was leading a mare, I cannot say whether it was Smith - they took it to the cornner of Fox's-buildings; and as I knew there were stables there, I went away.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CADBY
               



            . I was at the bar of the White Hart, at Battle-bridge. On Monday, the 8th of July, and Brooks came and asked if I would tell him where a horse-dealer lived; I said there was one named Allen, he said, it was not him he wanted, it was one named Ball, I said, he lived up Edward-street.
Smith's Defence (written). My fellow-prisoner, Brooks, is perfectly innocent, and I should not like to see an innocent man suffer for the guilty one. On the 5th of July, I went to Kennington-common to see a cricket-match; I had not long been there when a man came to me that I knew by the nickname of Toney, living at Croydon: he asked me if I would earn a shilling; I said I had no objection. He then said,"Come with me;" he took me to a field at the back of Kennington-common, and showed me four or five horses, and said that one of them was his own. He took me to a public-house and gave me some bread and cheese, and a pint of beer; we sat talking until nine o'clock at night: he then said, "You must go, and that horse that I showed you this afternoon, you must fetch here to me." I accordingly went to the field and took the horse from the rest, and took it to him. He then said "That is right, I want you to take it to Mr. Adams," he gave me the direction, and then left me with the horse. I proceeded leading the horse to the Dover-road; I forgot the direction that he gave me; I asked a man if he could tell me where a person by the name of Adams lived, a horse-dealer; he said he did not know. I then asked him if he would hold the horse while I got information where Mr. Adams lived; he said, yes; I gave him the price of a pint of beer and went into Kent-street; the first person that I saw was my fellow-prisoner, Brooks, sitting at a door along with two women, I afterwards learned one was his wife. I asked him if he could tell me where Mr. Adams, a horse-dealer, lived; he told me that Mr. Adams lived in the Old Kent-road. I then said,"If you will give me the direction right, I will treat you with a glass of gin:" he gave me the direction, and I gave him the gin. I never saw him in my life before that night about half-past ten o'clock. I could not find the man that I was with on the afternoon previous. I took the horse to a field and tried to find the man that sent me, but I could not find him; and on Monday the 8th instant, I was about taking the horse to the green-yard, and was taken prisoner.
Brook's Defence (written). I was sitting on a chair at the door of my house with my wife and my landlord's daughter; a lad came and asked me if I knew a person by the name of Adams or Allen, a horse-dealer. I told him that I knew a man by the name of Adams, and that he lived in the Old Kent-road; he then said if I would direct him right, he would treat me with a glass of gin. I gave him the right direction; he then said, "Come along with me, and I will give you the gin." I walked with him about an hundred yards from the house that I live in, and up a turning I saw a horse tied to some paling; he, the lad, untied the horse, and we both proceeded the same way back that we went: I saw a policeman that I know by the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Brewin
               



            , standing at the corner of the turning that the horse was in, I also saw him on my return. He, the policeman, said, "Whose horse is that." I told him it belonged to a Mr. Adams. I asked the lad if that was right, he said yes, and said that he had given a man the price of a pint of beer to mind it; the policeman, 
               
                  Charles 
                  Brewin
               



            , then said, "It is a good job that you have come for it as you have, as I should have taken it to the green-yard;" we both left him, the lad leading the horse to the first public-house we came to; I drank a glass of gin with him; I then left him. On Monday, the 8th instant, Brewin came to my house and inquired if I was at home, my wife said I was not. I came home in about ten minutes, my wife told me I was wanted by Mr. Brewin, the policeman. I went directly to him in the Dover-road, where he had left word I was to meet him: he said,
"I only wanted to know what sort of a horse that was, that I saw you and another man with on Friday night last." I gave him the description of the horse as well as I could, and that a lad came to me and asked me for a Mr. Adams, or Allen, and I directed him to Mr. Adams living in the Old Kent-road; he then said, "Do you know the lad?" I told him I never saw him in my life before. He said there was a man close by that had lost a mare, and by the description that he gave of the one that he had lost, it answered to this one. On Tuesday, the 9th instant, a man came to me and told me, that he came from a young man that was a prisoner in Clerkenwell New Prison; and that he, the prisoner, sent him to tell me that he wanted to see me; I said I did not know any person that was in prison - he said that the prisoner's name was Smith, and he himself was a prisoner in the same prison, and had just got liberated; he then said,"You are my prisoner." I asked upon what charge; he said,"On suspicion of stealing a horse." I knew that I was innocent; I went with him to Hatton-garden office. I was removed from the office to Clerkenwell New Prison. The lad that came to me to ask the above questions, I saw in the class that I was placed in; I recognised him to be the same that I saw before. I asked him what he was placed in the prison for; he said, "For stealing a mare;" I immediately said, "Why you are the lad that came to me on Friday night;" he said, that he was, and asked me what I was sent to prisoner for; I told him that it was through him that I was sent to prison. He asked how the officers came to take me into custody; I told him that it was through going with him to have the gin that he gave me for giving him the direction that he asked for. He said, that he was sorry I should suffer for his crime that he had committed; and also said that he would clear me before the magistrates. I told him that, it was his place to do so, as he knew I was innocent. On Saturday, the 13th instant, we were taken to Hatton-garden office, and after the examination my fellow-prisoner, Smith, confessed that he was guilty, and that I was innocent.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
BROOKS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
