




396. 



THOMAS SWINDLE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of December, 1 pocket-book, value 1s., the goods of 



Frederick Vigne, from his person; and 




THOMAS TIPPER
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen.


MESSRS. ADOLPHUS
and
GURNEY
conducted the Prosecution.

SWINDLE pleaded 


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.





FREDERICK VIGNE
. I live in Connaught-square. On Saturday, the 13th of December, I was about the middle of Fleet-street, going westward—I lost my pocket-book—this is it (looking at one)—I think I had passed Bouverie-street—it was between four and five o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is there any thing particular in this book? A. No; only a pair of scissors and some memorandums.





JOHN HAMMOND
. I have come from the Compter. I was admitted a witness by the Alderman, as an accomplice. On the 13th of December, I was in Fleet-street, in company with Swindle—we were not out for the purpose of thieving—I had no knowledge of thieving—I did not know what he was going about—I did not see Swindle draw the pocket-book out, till after Tipper picked it up—I did not know Tipper before, but there was a pocket-book on the pavement, and Tipper picked it up—I did not know how it came on the pavement—I was with Swindle—I hardly know whether it was near us, or at a distance—we all three stooped together, quite close to one another—the book was on the pavement when Tipper picked it up—he tapped us on the shoulder—Swindle turned round, and said, "Tipper, it is me"—Tipper said, "I did not know you, but it is all right"—the book was then on the ground—Tipper stooped and picked it up, facing Carlile's window—he then went down the street by the side of Carlile's—he looked at the book, opened it, and said there wes nothing in it—he was sorry for it, and it was a bad job—he asked us if we were going to stand treat—we said no, we had no money—Tipper said he would not say any thing about the book, for he would sooner—(drawing his hand across his throat)—he wished us a good afternoon, and we went away—it was then four o'clock on Saturday evening—on the Tuesday evening following, I was in company with Swindle, and saw Tipper again at the corner of Farringdon-street—we were standing there—Tipper came up to us, and asked us why we did not go to work, for there were plenty of handkerchiefs

to be drawn—he asked us if we had any money—we said no—he said he would be 2d. to our 2d., and we said we had no money—Swindle said he ought to stand treat, as he had the pocket-book—Tipper said, "Very well, come along" we went down Farringdon-street, and into Mr. Gurney's gin-shop—Tipper called for a quartern of gin, and pulled out a handful of silver and gold, and paid for it—while we were in the gin-shop, Tipper made his biags of what he had seen done on Sunday night—he said he had seen plenty of handkerchiefs drawn in Fleet-street, and he was glad to see it, for the City had served him dirty once or twice, and he gloried in seeing the City robbed—he stated he had been to Dixon's Repository, and he had seen rare work going on; for he had seen the "swell mob" at work like men; and so well he got paid for it; for he had seen an old countryman drawn of an old brown purse, full of money; and he had paid three different shillings to go into Dixon's Repository three different times in a day—I do not know whether there was any thing going on that day at Dixon's—we then came out of the gin-shop and walked up Farringdon-street, all three together—we walked to the top, and Tipper met three of the " swell mob" and walked up towards St. Paul's Church-yard with them—I do not know their names, but Swindle told me they were the "swell mob"—I only knew them by Swindle telling me so—Swindle and I were at the corner of Farringdon-street, and in half an hour Tipper came back with two watchmen, and had us taken into custody—he did not state what for, till we got to the watch-house.

Q. Go back for a moment to the day when this pocket-book was taken off the pavement; did you see any policeman? A. I saw one who was No. 91, not above a minute before, in Fleet-street—I did not notice any one afterwards—I did not see Swindle again till the Tuesday—I was taken as, a thief before the Alderman.

Cross-examined. Q. I dare say you were greatly astonished at being taken up as a thief; you that told my friend you had no intention of stealing? A. I was astonished, at the moment, that Tipper should take me for the book—I was astonished that a charge of theft should be made against a man like me—I did not know what the "swell mob" meant—I have read in newspapers, it is a better sort of thieves—I do not particularly know what it meant—I have come here to speak the truth, and I have spoken it—I was in earnest when I said I had no intention of stealing, and I did not know that Swindle had, or I would have quitted his company—if I had known he had done any thing dishonest, I would have gone and told some policeman—I thought Tipper was acting dishonestly, when he said it was a bad job that there was nothing in the pocket-book.

Q. Then why did not you tell of Tipper? A. I cannot answer—I have never been placed in this place before—I have come here to-day for the sake of justice, not to save myself—I knew nothing about it—I did not know the book was stolen.

Q. In the whole progress of this transaction do you mean to tell the Jury you did not know it was stolen? A. At the end I did, when Tipper picked it up, and I thought Swindle stole it—I did not seize him nor call to any policeman—I dare say there was no policeman there at the time—I cannot say why I did not inform against him.

Q. You were never taken up before, I am sure? A. O yes, Sir, I have—Tipper took me up once, before this pocket-book—I did not bear him any good-will for that—I have not been taken up by any body but him for the last three years—I was taken by an officer—I do not know who—

Tipper took me up for walking along the street, and I would not stand any thing to drink—the other officer took me for carrying some chairs on my head, which had been given me to carry—I was taken to the Compter and to Guildhall—I was committed by the Alderman for a month to Bridewell—I did not produce the person who gave me the chairs.

Q. Did you draw your hand across your throat, as you have done here, at Guildhall or the Justice-room? A. No, Sir, I did not forget it, but I have been to a place where no one could have told me any thing—what I have stated is the truth—I stated that I saw the swell mob, and Tipper walked off with three of them—what I said, was read over to me after I stated it, and I put a mark to it—I cannot write.

Q. Was it read over to you that Tipper went away with three of the swell mob? A. Why, Sir, it is a long while—I forget—it is three weeks ago next Friday—I did not mention about the countryman and the brown purse full of money—I did not think of it at the time—I don't know whether I said any thing about Dixon's repository—I did not go out with any intention of stealing—I would not steal.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When you were taken up, were you committed to the Old Bailey or Clerkenwell to be tried, or were you committed by the magistrate? A. I was committed by the magistrate, and I staid in prison for the time I was committed—this is the deposition which I marked.





ALEXANDER HALL
. I am a patrol. My beat is on Ludgate-hill—I saw Tipper on Tuesday evening, the 16th of December, just after seven o'clock—he said he had two lads he wanted to give in charge to me, for picking a gentleman's pocket, and he had the property about him—I asked him how he came by the property—he said, "Never mind, will you take charge of them?"—I said I would—we walked down to the bottom of the hill—he said, "You had better have another with you, as there are two of them—I have been drinking with them in at Gurney's, and they will be here in about five minutes"—I then beckoned to Ruberry, who came out of Fleet-street—I told him in Tipper's presence what he had said—Grigg then came up—I left them and went away.





GEORGE RUBERRY
. I am patrol of St. Bride's. I have known Tipper four or five years, but was not particularly acquainted with him—when I first knew him, he was in the Metropolitan Police, but I was not in it above nine months myself—I merely know that he was in the force—on the 16th of December I was in Fleet-street, coming off my beat, and was called by Hall—there are three regular patrols, and two extra men on duty—they come on at six o'clock—in the daytime there are policemen there—any body might call them at a minute's warning, I should think—when I was called, I found Tipper at the corner—I knew his face—he said, "O, is it you?"—I said, "What is the matter?"—he said, "I have a little job in hand, but I have been so ill-used by some of your City men, that I don't like to give it to every body—I should like to find a person I could depend upon—they will be here directly, let us go over to the other corner"—the boys then came up, and I took them in charge—before they came, Tipper said they had drawn a gentleman of his pocket-book in Fleet-street, opposite Carlile's, that he had the book about him; and I was to mind how I handled them, for they were rum customers—he had had to deal with them before—he said they drew the pocket-book, and ran down Bouverie-street—that he went after them, and picked it up—he said, "Swindle turned round and said, 'Tipper, you won't come it upon us'—and he said,

"No, of course not"—we took the boys to the station-house—nothing passed in going along; but, when we got inside, he said to the boys, "I cannot help it"—it was about half-past seven o'clock—I said to the Ward beadle, "He gives charge of these two boys for stealing a pocket-book on Saturday afternoon"—Tipper gave the charge himself—he said, he had witnessed these boys taking a pocket-book from a gentleman, and he had the book now in his possession—in going down Farringdon-street to the Compter, Swindle said something to me—I afterwards told Tipper of it at a public-house—I said, "Do you know what Swindle said of you?"—he said "God perish me blind if he did not take the dummy from me when we drawed it—I suppose he meant a pocket-book—I have heard them called dummies—I told Tipper this in a public-house opposite St. Sepulchre's church—in going up Fleet-street, Tipper said, "Let us go and have some beer"—I said, "No, let us first go and deposit the prisoners in the Compter," which we did—we then went to the public-house—I then told him what Swindle had said, and he said, "Well, I don't deny it, I did take it from them—in fact, I have so completely mixed myself up with the thieves, since I left the County, that I can do any thing I please with them; in fact, I do as I please"—on going to pay for the beer, he pulled out some silver and gold from his pocket, and said, "I am not without the b—y yellow men, you see—I get them easy"—I said, "Well, as you are so careless about them, you had better give us one"—he said, "No, I may want them in the way of business"—he said, "I will pay for this pot, and you pay for the next"—I said, "No, I want no more," and we left the house—in going down Fleet-lane, I said, "Have you known Swindle and Hammond long?"—he said, "Yes; and, in fact, I know almost all the thieves in London—I think they had better have kept me trapping, but I think I shall leave off trapping altogether, and stick to thieving—I think it is best"—I have been a patrol four years and a half.

Cross-examined. Q. You are a patrol still? A. Yes; I have never left it—Tipper knew I had been in the police—I had no personal acquintance with him—I told him that Swindle had said that he took the book from them—that was the charge that Tipper made against them—if Tipper had not charged these men, and offered to produce the book, no one would have known any thing about it—I had seen Hammond walking up and down the street—I had never had him in charge, or knew him to do any thing.

Q. Was it not one or two that you asked Tipper for? A. Yes; I said by way of a joke, "You had better give us one or two"—when he asked me to stand treat, I refused—he did not explain the kind of ill-usage he had got—he said he did not see an officer at the time of the robbery—he produced the pocket-book—this case is prosecuted by the City—I think it is five years ago since I belonged to the police—I left it because I was discharged for seeing a drunken man home off my beat—that was the last charge against me—I had had several—I was first reported for Christmas-boxing, and next for being off my beat in going with this drunken man to Rowbottom's coffee-shop—that is the most notorious place in London—that was my reason for going there—I thought I should see some of my customers—I was then discharged—I don't recollect any other charge against me—there might be some trifling things, such as over-sleeping myself or so—I think there were not more than one or two charges against me—the drunken man wanted some coffee, and Rowbottom's was the only

house that was open—I did not take him home, because he would not tell me where it was, till I got to the coffee-shop—I did not take any thing there but some coffee—I paid for it.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. All this matter about Rowbottom's came out before the Commissioners of Police; they thought it wrong, and discharged you? A. Yes; there may have been other charges against me, but I never went before the Commissioners before—I have been four years and a half a City patrol—if I had been applied to earlier than Tuesday, I should have taken these men either morning or evening—I cannot tell why I was not applied to earlier, any more than that Tipper said, that he thought there might be a reward offered for the book—I did not expect, when I asked him for one or two sovereigns, that he would give them to me—he said he might want them in a way of business—that was about half an hour after he first spoke to me about taking these boys.

COURT. Q. What had you said to him before he said he thought there might be a reward for the book? A. Nothing; he said of his own accord, "I have got it about me, I thought there might be a reward for it"—he said he did not know who the book belonged to, but he thought there might be a reward offered.





CHARLES THORP
. I am a patrol of St. Bride's. I was sent for from the watch-house to accompany Ruberry and Grigg, to take Swindle and Hammond to the Compter—I then went to the public-house with Tipper, Grigg, and Ruberry, where we had a pot of beer—as we were going along, Swindle said, "Tipper took the dummy from us, and now he is coming against us"—when we were in the public-house, Tipper said he was so linked up with these thieves that he did not know how to got rid of them—he then pulled some money out of his waistcoat pocket—he took out a sovereign from among the other money, held it between his fingers, and said, "You see I am not without the b—y yellow men yet"—Roberry immediately says, "Perhaps you can spare us one of them, as you have got so careless with them?" he said, "No, I may want them in the way of business"—as we were going down Fleet-lane, I turned to Tipper and Ruberry, who were walking behind, and asked Tipper if he was aware that Swindle had been tried last Session—he said, "O yes, and we had something to drink on the strength of it"—it is part of my duty to be in Fleet-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know whether Swindle and Hammond might have been found from the Saturday till the Tuesday? A. Yes; I saw them walking together in Fleet-street—I did not see Tipper these—I had seen Hammond about with other pickpockets—I did not know him in the House of Correction—Tipper and Ruberry were together when I spoke to Tipper—they were pretty near—Tipper answered me—I spoke in a moderate talking tone—I dare say Ruberry might hear me—I am not aware that he is deaf—he could not be off of hearing it, I am certain—I was in the public-house—I heard Ruberry say to Tipper, "Give us one of them"—I had known Swindle about twelve months, and Hammond not so long—Tipper said he wanted to get rid of the thieves—I did not hear him ask Ruberry to treat him.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You have been asked about two men feeing near one another when something was said; does it happen that one man hears a thing in conversation, and another not? A. Certainly; Grigg was with me at the time—he was hastening to go on duty—Tipper was not in charge then; he was free, and stood a pot of beer, and talked with all

this freedom without my asking him any questions—I had never seen him before—I had seen Swindle and Hammond together after the Saturday—I could have taken them a dozen times over.





EDMUND WASHINGTON
 (City police-constable No. 59.) My beat is on the North side of Fleet-street, from the end of Farringdon-street to the Portugal Hotel, opposite Carlile's—there is another policeman on that side of the way—our hours are from eight o'clock in the morning till a quarter to seven o'clock in the evening—the other policeman meets me at the Portugal Hotel, and goes to Temple Bar—there are two policemen on the other side—one goes from the end of Bridge-street to Bouverie-street, and the other from Bouverie-street to Temple Bar—if there was a robbery there, they could always find a policeman within five minutes—there is always a man at that place within ten minutes—I did not see Tipper about six o'clock on Tuesday night—I had not seen him before, to my knowledge.

Cross-examined. Q. Do thieves wait till the policeman is found? A. I should think they would not.





ROBERT MASON
 (City police-constable No. 91.) I was on day duty in Fleet-street on Saturday, the 13th of December—I went off about a quarter before seven o'clock—if any alarm had been given of a robbery, I should think 1 could have taken the party—according to the best calculations I can make, I must have been within twelve yards of the place—I saw Tipper that evening about six o'clock—he was on the other side of the way—he did not tell me of any felony being committed near Carlile's—he knew me well, and that I have been on that beat two years and a half—I know Swindle and Hammond very well by sight—if he had given me any charge respecting them, I could have taken them before Tuesday, if he had given me a description, and I had met persons answering that description—I did not know their names, but I could have taken them twice—I saw Tipper on Tuesday, between two and three o'clock, in Fleet-street—he came to me and said, "I wish I had seen you on Saturday afternoon, I would have given two boys into your custody, about four o'clock"—I said, "You need not have gone far to find me; what had they been doing?"—he said, "I saw them draw a gentleman of a pocket-book, and they ran down Bouverie-stret—a little before they got half-way down, they dropped the pocket-book—I stooped down to pick it up, and they made their escape—if you hear of any one that has lost it, I can take the boys at any time I like"—he told me this on the Tuesday afternoon—he did not say one word to me about it on Saturday evening.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him on Saturday evening? A. Yes; I think about six o'clock—I have told all that Tipper said on Tuesday, as far as I can recollect—he said he could rely upon me, and that others had ill-used him.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had any thing happened between Saturday and Tuesday to make you more fit to be relied on than you were on Saturday? A. I hope not.

JURY. Q. In the discharge of your duty, is it your practice to stand still, or to move? A. There is one half-hour, when the coaches go from the Bolt-in-Tun, near Mr. Carlile's, during which time I do not move more than ten or fifteen yards; that is, from three o'clock till half-past three—my beat is three hundred yards long—that day the coaches had been later than usual—it was twenty minutes to four o'clock when they started—I had been to the bottom of my beat and back, which takes me

ten minutes, and I calculate I could not have been more than ten yards from the spot where this happened.

Prisoners Defence. On Saturday, the 13th, I had been into Fleet-street to make purchase of a hand of pickled pork—on returning, I saw Swindle and Hammond go behind two gentlemen—Swindle drew the pocket-book and passed it to Hammond, who dropped it—I instantly said, "Pick that up; you have picked that gentleman's pocket." They said, "For God's sake say nothing about it." I made use of several words, but seeing no officer handy, I suffered them to depart, but it was my intention to find the prosecutor, if possible—I had no chance of taking them then, I had a basket in my hand, and I knew I could take them when I found the prosecutor.
----WINKLEY (police-serjeant F 11.) I saw the prisoner at Bow-street station on Monday, the 15th—he stated to me that he had a pocket-book, stolen, as he believed, by two thieves opposite Carlile's shop—he showed me the book, and told me that if any inquiries were made about it, I should give the gentleman information that he had it—I can not tell what time it was—I think it was between four and five o'clock in the evening—he said there was no name in the book, but he saw it stolen; and while he stooped to pick it up, the two boys ran away—he said he could take the boys at any time, but he wanted to find the owner—he said he would try to find the person—I do not know that there was any thing to prevent his making away with the book.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You have nothing to do with City robberies? A. No, not unless they are sent—Tipper told me this in conversation about other things—if a man knew of a felony being committed in the City, it would be his duty to go to the City policemen—I could not have interfered in it without the authority of the Lord Mayor—Tipper did not tell me who these boys were, or where to find them—I did not know that Mr. Vigne was found till the parties were in custody.

MR. PHILLIPS
to
MR. VIGNE. Q. Is your address in the pocket-book? A. No.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Were you found out by means of the contents of that book? A. Yes.





DANIEL LYALL
. I am a plumber, and live in Peacock-street, Newington. On Sunday, the 14th of December, I had one of my children dead—I saw the prisoner that day—he said there had been a robbery committed in Fleet-street, and he had got the pocket-book—he said there was no address or any thing in it, but he was in hopes he should be able to find the owner—he went with me on the Tuesday, about the middle of the day, to the burial-ground, to select a spot for the funeral—we were out about an hour—he then said he was in hopes the book would be advertised, and he should get a trifle for his lost time.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he tell you how he got the pocket-book? A. No—he did not say he knew the boys who had done it, and could find them at any time that I recollect—I did not tell him he ought to take it to the City officers—I was in a great deal of trouble.




NOT GUILTY
.
