





1527. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
, 2 gowns, value 9s.; 1 shawl, value 5s.; 3 waistcoats, value 5s.; and 1 pelisse, value 10s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Attenborough
                        




                     
                   the elder, and another
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  ATTENBOROUGH
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Attenborough
               



             the elder, and another; they are pawnbroker
s; they have a warehouse over their shop in Crown-street, Finsbury-square


 - on the 9th of September, we missed some property from there; about 3l. worth, and on the 10th, we missed about 4l. worth, and found that a piece of wood had been removed, so that any one could get their hand up and get the articles; the wood had been replaced again; on that night I placed my boy in that loft, to give me a signal by shaking a bunch of keys, and between seven and nine o'clock, he gave the signal; I went round to the box which is under the loft, and saw the prisoner with his hand raised up drawing goods from the loft.


                  JOHN 
                  PAWLEY
               



            . I was set to watch in the loft - the loose board was just by my side - I waited two hours and a half, when the board was raised; I pulled the string, and they took the prisoner with this property.


                  JAMES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and took the prisoner with this property.
Prisoner's Defence. I went in to pawn that shawl, two men ran out as I went in, and the witness came and took me; I know nothing of the other things.


                  GEORGE 
                  ATTENBOROUGH
               



            . This shawl is his own property; these other articles were about his feet; this other shawl, which is ours, was under his arm; some of these articles were hanging out of the hole.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
