



2262. 




WILLIAM CONDON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of October, 1 set of harness, value 2l. 10s.; 1 pair of reins, value 7s.; and 1 bridle, value 6s.; the goods of 



William Clifton, the younger.






WILLIAM CLIFTON, JUN
. I live in West Smithfield, and am a poulterer. I have a stable in Three Fox-yard, Long-lane—I had a set of harness, a pair of reins, and a bridle there, which I saw safe in the morning of the 14th of October—I did not miss them until the following morning; but on the night of the 14th I saw the prisoner and another man, at a quarter past ten o'clock, with some harness, and among it I saw a pony-saddle, which I believe to be mine, from the brass work; but I had no suspicion at that time, not knowing the stable had been broken open—the other man had all the harness on his back, about three or four hundred yards from my stable—I am sure the prisoner was with him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you the owner of the property? A. Yes—two other persons have been taken beside the prisoner—I am sure it was not half-past ten o'clock when I saw the prisoner and the other man—I do not think it was a quarter past—they went past my own door in Smithfield—I had never seen the prisoner before—they were merely passing.





RICHARD HAYES
. I am the prosecutor's servant. I was at the stable at a quarter before seven o'clock, on the night of the 14th—I locked the stable door, and the gate of the yard—I was called by the policeman, at twenty minutes past eleven o'clock and found the lock of the gate had been picked, and the lock of the stable wrenched out of the stable—the harness was gone—I saw a garter just outside the stable door—there is no thoroughfare by the stable—there is a gate which locks the stable yard in.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you seen the harness since? A. No: Linton picked up the garter the next morning—the policeman had their lanterns

night, and saw the garter, but did not pick it up—it has the prisoner's name on it—I cannot say when he lost it.
----LINTON. I went to the prosecutor's stable, on the Thursday morning, between eight and nine o'clock, on the 15th of October—there is a king of yard before the stable—the first thing I saw, was garter with the name of William Condon on it—I took up the garter—the stable door had been broken open—there is a yard before the stable, and a gate to it—that gate had a staple driven into it when I saw it.





RICHARD HAYES

re-examined. I fastened it the night before, with a holdfast—I had left it locked at seven o'clock, and the lock was picked, and broken all to pieces.





JOHN FOOTMAN
 (police-constable G 139.) I produce the garter and a pair of pincers which were found there—this other garter I found round the prisoner's leg.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prisoner say he had such a garter, and lost it some time before? A. Yes—I first saw this garter on Thursday night, when the prisoner was brought to Rosoman-street station, by a City-policeman—Dick Whitty was taken on this charge, and a man named Moore, and another man.





THOMAS BAYLEY
. On the 14th of October, about ten o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner with another man, within five yards of Mr. Clifton's stable—the other man had the harness, and the prisoner being lame, he told him to wait for him, and he waited opposite my house—they then went on to the pump, and stopped again, and then went on towards Smithfield-bars.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you made any statement on this subject before? A. Yes, at Hatton-garden—I always said it was about ten o'clock—I am sure that was the time—I knew the prisoner before.

Prisoner's Defence. I lost my garter six weeks before—I was at home at the time of the robbery.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
