





792. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HERBERT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 28lbs. of butter, value 2l. 2s.; 1 butter-cloth, value 1s., and 1 basket, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hill
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH HILL. I am a salesman
 at Newgate-market


. On the 17th of March this flat of butter stood in my window; I saw it safe ten minutes before it was taken - I do not recollect seeing the prisoner near the shop; I saw the flat again in ten minutes and knew it.


                  THOMAS 
                  LITTON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Jennings, of Newgate-market, about forty yards from Hill's. On the 17th of March, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I went to a customer's cart with a flat of poultry, and on returning saw the prisoner coming along, carrying this flat of butter before him, which is an unusual way; I watched and saw him turn up a court into the market - I followed him, and when I got to the corner of the court he was in the act of having it lifted on his head; I asked what house or where he got that flat from - he said, what business was that of mine; I pulled it off his head, opened it, found it contained butter, and saw the dairyman's note in it, which is not usual when it is sold - I saw by that who it belonged to; I said to the boy,"Keep this man till I return" - I made haste to Hill's, and on coming back the prisoner was gone: a boy directed me down St. Martin's-le-Grand; I found him up a courtthere with the flat of butter in his possession, and gave him in charge.


                  GEORGE 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge with the butter; he asked what I thought would be done to him - whether he should be transported or not; I said it was impossible for me to tell.(Flat produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am in the habit of selling sponge about; I came to Newgate-market to sell some, and met a man who said "Old man, will you earn 6d. to carry this flat as far as the New Post-office?" - I said Yes; I met this young man, who asked me what I had there - I said it was nothing to him; the man who was rather before me then went on - this young man left me for ten minutes; I went to the Post-office - the man was not there; I staid there till the young man came up- I could have run away and left it, if I had got it dishonestly - I described the man to the officer; he said he thought he had got his companion in custody.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 53. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
