





1891. 
               
                  
                     JOSPEH 
                     SLIPPER
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 3 planes, value 3s., and 2 hand-saws, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Matthews
                  




               
            .
ROBERT MATTHEWS. I am a master wheelwright
. I lost two hand-saws, a trying-plane, a circular-plane, and a hand-plane, on the 12th of October, when the doors were done up the chest in which these were was done up, but I do not know whether it was locked; the planes I saw were two of them - they had my name and the maker's name on them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 13th, and found the planes on him, but the Policeman who has them is not here: the prisoner was rather tipsy, and let them fall at the bar - they were left there till the morning - the same planes were shown to the prosecutor, who claimed them; the prisoner offered them to me for 1s. 6d.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where did you see them? A. At the bar of the Maidenhead; they were left with the servant, who is not here - I took notice of them, and have seen them since at the office; the Policeman took them there - that was the day after they were taken.
ROBERT MATTHEWS. They were two of the planes I lost; I saw the Policeman take them off the board at the office.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them for 3s. of a man who came into the Maidenhead in distress - he said he was a carpenter.
MR. MATTHEWS. He said he bought them of a man, but he did not know who he was, and the Magistrate said,"You are the thief."
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he had given 3s. for them? A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years, to commence from the expiration of his former Sentence
            .
