




2278. 




WILLIAM KENT
 and 




HENRY JARVIS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of September, at 
Lewisham, Kent, 505lbs. of lead, value 4l. belonging to 



William Keats, and fixed to a certain building there; and 1 looking-glass and frame, value 7 s., the goods of the said 



William Keats; and that the said William Kent had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY PILES
 (police-constable P 76.) On the 26th of Septmber, just after ten o'colck in the morning, I met the prisoners at Peckham Rye, about a mile and a balf from town, in Surrey, in the parish of Camberwell—they had a truck—Kent was pushing behind, and Jarvis drawing—it contained lead, and a looking—glass, framed—I turned back and follwed them—they left the truck and ran away—I follwed, and secured them both—a gentleman's gardener assisted me in taking them to the station-house—I have the lead here—I asked Keat where he was going, and he said he was going to meet a man in Rosemary-branch-lane, with the lead—I asked him where he got it, and he did not choose to tell me—I were to a small house belonging to Mr. Keats, of Forest—hill—I found some lead on the building, which matched with the lead on the truck—it was cut zigzag, and fitted in exactly—the looking-glass was claimed by William Keats—I have brought some of the lead from the premises.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. It was cut irregularly? A. Yes—a person was with me when I compared it—he is not here—my inspector was there, and a brother coustable—I put the edge of the lead to what remained, and have brought it here—it matches—Jarvis was in front of the truck, and Kent behind—Jarvis did not start off first—they were both running abreast—I could not see that Javis was befour Kent—Kent did not say he was running after Jarvis, for the money he had promised him, for helping him with the truek.





WILLIAM KEATS
. This lead was missed on the day the prisoners were apprehended—the quantity found agrees with the quantity missing—the looking—glass is mine, and was in the cottage which had been occupied by a servant of mine, who died, and the house has lately been empty—the door was left open, as the lock was broken—the lead exactly matches—it was cut zigzag.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the lead brought away from the premises? A. Yes, and have matched it myself.





RICHARD WALTERS
. I am a police-inspector. I produce a certifieate of Kent's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace's office—I was present when Kent was tried and convicted at Newington—(read.)

Kent's Defence. On the 26th of September, I was going to Peckham, as I do every Saturday—I want into the King's Arms to get a pint of brer, and as I came out, smoking my pipe, I met the prisoner and another man—the other man called to me, and asked if I wanted a job—I said, "Yes," as I was them going to earn what could—he asked me if I would assist the oter prisoner to draw the trnck into Peckham, and he would give me 1s. 6d.—I agreed to it, and put the looking-glass in a bag of my own, because it should not break—we proceeded on with the truck, and

met the policeman on road, about forty yards from the public—house—he took no notice of us then, or I couid have produced the man who hired me—I proceeded on into Peckham, and, forty or fifty yards further, looked belind, and saw the policemen, coming behind; but we went on, and came into Hanover-street—Jarvis there put the truck down, and ran away, and I ran too—I saw the policeman in about five minntes coming after us, and he took hold of me by the throat—I sid, "Don't do that, I will go with you; I am innocent, and don't know what is in the trcuk; I was hired at the King's Arms to do the job for 1s. 6d."—it is true I have been transported, which has injured my constitution, and I have been afficted ever since I came home—I have got a liver complaint, and am very bad in my head—the inspector has known me twelve months, and never knew me to do wrong—other policemen of the division know me.





RICHARD WALTERS

re-examined. Since his return from transportation I have seen him about with all the thieves in Camberwell, not neeking employ—I have never seen him do any thing wrong—I have looked after him with a very suspicious eye—he lived in Bowyer-lane.





HENRY PILES

re-examined. I saw no third man about—I found 2s. 1 1/4d. on Kent, and on Jarvia 10d.—I found a Jarvis, and some parchment on Kent, conveying some copyhold property, and a steel tobacco—box.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure it was not 10d. on Kent, and 2s. on Jarvis? A. It was 2s. 1 1/4d. I found on Kent—I am not mistaken in that.





RICHARD WALTERS
. The largest amount is entered in the charge—sheet as found on Jarvis—the money was all handed over to their mothers by order of the Magistrate.

Jarvis' Defence. I was going to Forest—hill—I met an old man with a truck—he said, "Are you amind to earn two shilling?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Will you draw this traw this truck to Peckham?"—he gave me 1s. beforehand, and said, "Now, draw it down the hill"—when I got to the bottom, it was heavy, and I could not draw it—he pushed it till we got to the public—house, and then this young man was coming out—I asked him to help me with the truck; and let them pass you"—he told the other prisoner, ho would give him 1s. 6d.—we met the policeman, who took no notice of it at first; but aferwards I looked behind, and said, "Here is policeman following us"—we drew the truck a mile after that, and saw the man who employed us turn down the turning; and when we got to the end of the turning, there was no thoroughfare—I put down the truck, and went away—if it was stolen, Kent Kenw nothing of if.

Kent. When run away I run after him, as I had not been paid my 1s. 6d.—any other working man might be taken in the same way as me.





HENRY PILES
. I saw no man on before—I followed them from the Rye, down to Hanover-street, about 200 yards.





RICHARD WALTERS
. I met the prisoners in company together the day before, coming in a direction from the prosecutor's—they live together in the same house—I cannot say how long, but they both lived together in Bowyer-lane at one time, but Jarvis never had a regular place of residence.

KENT—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

JARVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.


Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

