



175. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of October, at 
St. Mary's, Lambeth, 3 coats, value 6l., the goods of 



Isaac culling, in his dwelling-house.






ISAAC CULLING
. I live in Minerva-terrace, Brixton-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth—I keep the house, and am a gentleman. On the 31st of October, I saw my coats and a hat hanging in my hall—I saw them there about one o'clock I think—I missed them about three o'clock—I had not been out in the meantime—It was in consequence of information from my servant that I missed them—I went out immediately, and saw the prisoner in the Vassall-road, which is about thirty yards from my house—he had what I thought were my coats on his arm—I called "Stop thief"—he ran, I followed as fast as I was able—he was stopped—I did not see him stopped, but I came up a minute after—he had nothing then—I saw my three coats at the end of Cowley-road—he jumped over a fence, and there I lost sight of him, but he was brought back to me, and before I took him into custody he said, "Forgive me this time, and I will never do so any more. "

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Did you know him before? A. No; I cannot say I had ever seen him before—I was lying on my sofa when my servant gave me information—I jumped up immediately without coat or hat, and ran out into Vassall-road, and first caught sight of the

prisoner—I am perfectly satisfied about him—I saw his back—he was running when I first saw him—he got out of my sight, and was afterwards brought back—I was still in pursuit, seeing Mr. Moore following him—I was running across the field, still pursuing him, but he was not exactly in sight.





SARAH STONE
. I am the prosecutor's servant. In October last, I was playing on the terrace with my master's little boy—I had left the door of the house open—I had seen the prisoner about by Mr. Silvester's, next door to master's—I saw him going away, as if from my master's door—he had nothing with him—he was passing by the door—I saw him afterwards, with three coats on his shoulder—I went into master's passage, and the coats were gone—I had seen them hanging there before—I went into the parlour, and told master—I did not know the prisoner before, but I am quite sure he is the person—I ran after him, and said, "You have got my master's costs"—he said, he was going to take them to be mended, and that I might go and tell my mistress if I liked.

Cross-examined Q. You never saw him before? A. No, when I first saw him, I was within five or ten yards of him—his face was towards me, when I talked with him—that was next door to master's house it did not last above a minute—I am eleven years old.

MR. CULLING
re-examined. The coats are mine, and are worth 5l. 1s. 6d.—one is new, for which I paid three guineas and half—the great-coat, which has been worn, I paid five Guinness for—the other is an old coat—It may be worth 10s. to me—I did not employ the prisoner to take them to be mended.

Cross-examined Q. Are all the coats here? A. They are—the new one I have only worn three times—I have worn the great-coat about a year.





SARAH STONE

re-examined. I have been examined before. I did not say I was further off than a door from the prisoner, when I spoke to him—I did not say I was five doors off.




GUILTY
 of Larceny only. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

