



31. 




JOHN BEAUMONT
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering to dwelling-house of 



Samuel Lupton, on the 
6th of November, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 snuff-box, value 2d.; 1/2lb. of sugar, value 3d.; 1/2lb. of cheese, value 3d.; 2 sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 5 shillings, and 1 sixpence: his goods and monies.






SAMUEL LUPTON
. I live at Brockley Hill, Little Stanmore. On Sunday the 6th of November, I put two sovereigns, a half-crown, a sixpence, and five shillings into a little box, which was in a large one—neither of the boxes were locked—on Monday the 7th, the prisoner came to my house, as I was going to supper, and said, "I am going to work for your master to-morrow"—I said, "It is time you went home"—I was going to bed—I live alone—he said "I will come early in the morning"—in the morning he came again—I said, "You had better go to work"—he said, "I shall stop a little longer"—I gave him a cup of tea, and he cut some bread, and buttered it—on Tuesday night I was going to supper, and missed some cheese, and half a pound of sugar—I looked into my box on Wednesday, and my money was gone.





JOSEPH EELES
. I keep a public-house at Halstead. On Wednesday morning, the 9th of November, I saw the prisoner washing himself at my house—he had slept there the night before—he left the house for four or five hours, and then returned, and asked me to take care of that box, giving me a small box—I asked him what was in it?—he said, "Two sovereigns and a shilling"—he left it with me—he said he should return the same evening, but did not, as he was taken into custody—I kept the box till next morning, and delivered it to the constable.





THOMAS FENN
. I am a constable of Edgeware. I took the prisoner into custody on Thursday morning—Mr. Carter sent one of his men to my house with him—Eeles came and delivered me a box containing two sovereigns had a shilling—I have had it over since.





JOSEPH EELES
 (re-examined). This is the box I received from the prisoner, and delivered to the constable—it is just in the same state—there are two sovereigns and a shilling in it.

Prisoner's Defence. I had not any victuals at all, and I took nothing but the money.




GUILTY of Larceny. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Parke.

