



1550. 




JAMES CHRISTIE
 was indicted

for feloniously forging and uttering, on the 
12th of February, an acquittance and receipt for 4l. 13s. 6d., with intent to defraud 



John Mather.—Two other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Charles Rawlings and another.






WILLIAM JAMES WETHERELL
. I am clerk to Charles Rawlings and William Somers—there is no other partner. The prisoner came to their shop on the 12th of February, and applied for the amount of Mr. Mather's account—he had been to the house on Mr. Mather's business once or twice before—he said something about Mr. Mather being short of cash—I asked him the amount of the account—he said 4l. 18s. 7d., which was correct—the account had been delivered before—Mr. Rawlings gave me the money, I paid it to the prisoner, and he wrote a receipt on the bottom of the bill, which was produced—this is it—he wrote this on the bottom of it—(read)—"February 12. Received, for John Mather. George Williams."


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You had seen the prisoner come on some business of Mr. Mather's? A. Yes—he is the person who came on this occasion—I have said so all along—this is my signature—(read) "the prisoner, to the best of my belief, came to my employer's shop")—I have always been confident of him—that belief tends no farther than that I am quite confident I have always sworn positively to him.





JOHN MATHER
. I am a builder. The prisoner was not in my employment at this time—the last time he worked for me was the 2nd of February—I dismissed him on the morning of the 3rd—I took him to assist me in my Christmas accounts, and to assist at my books, and when I did not want him in the counting-house, to do work in the yard—I only authorized him to receive money on one occasion—this receipt is in his handwriting—I have nobody in my employ named George Williams, and never had—the prisoner never went by that name that I know—I have known him by the name of James Christie from a child—he was taken into custody for passing a bad five-shilling piece, and gave his name George Williams on that occasion—that was after this occurrence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure of the handwriting? A. Yes, I firmly believe it—I have seen him write very often, doing my accounts—he wrote at my elbow—he has not been engaged on my premises since the 3rd of February in the morning—I have never seen him there since—I gave him 10s. a week, sometimes 12s., just as he deserved.

Prisoner. That is false. 


GUILTY
.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
(The prisoner has been under sentence of Fourteen Years Transportation previously.)

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

