



1734. 




GEORGE DICKINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of June, at 

St. Marylebone, 30 sovereigns, 1 5l. bank note, and 3 5l. promissory notes; the monies of 



Ferdinand Leopold Arundel, in the dwelling-house of 



Roger Roberts.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






FERDINAND LEOPOLD ARUNDEL.
 I am a laceman, and live at No. 116, Great Titchfield-street. On the 14th of June last, I had a carpet-bag, containing 33 sovereigns, 1 5l. Bank of England note, 2 5l. notes of the Bristol Bank, and 1 5l. Brecon note—I kept my bag at the bottom of my bed, and always locked—I had seen the money in it on the morning of the 14th of June—on Wednesday morning, the 16th, I found my bag broken open—the lock was not broken, but one side of the bag was wrenched open, just sufficient for the parcel containing the money to be drawn out—all the money was gone, but nothing else—the money was the very top parcel in the bag—the prisoner lodged in the next room to mine, but I do not think I ever saw him—the partition between the rooms is very thin—I heard some persons in the prisoner's room on the Monday—two young females occupied my room as well as myself—I occupied two rooms, and the prisoner occupied the third room with the landlord's brother—the females remained after I missed my money—they slept in the room next to the prisoner's—that was the room in which I had previously slept, but I did not sleep in that room that night, I slept in the next room—the women were in the room in which the bag was—they are not here—in consequence of information, I went after the prisoner on Wednesday, the 16th—I went to Mr. Nash, of Marylebone-street, to Mr. Maddox's, to Gravesend, and to Richmond—I traced him to Gravesend, but could not trace the notes—I did not see the prisoner till he was taken into custody on Sunday morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. How long had you been in town before the loss of this money? A. Not more than a fortnight—I came to town on the 30th of May—I carry on business at Bristol—I received the notes from Mr. Beard—I have never been out of the way—I was not in a

state of insolvency or bankruptcy at the time I received this money—I am not now a bankrupt—I compromised with my creditors about twelve months ago—I came up to town alone on the 30th of May—Miss Hall was with me at my lodging—she had been a shopwoman of mine—she did not come up to town with me—she came first—I had not arranged to meet her in town, nor did I meet her by accident—I knew where she was, and wrote to her to an address she had given me, at Hackney—she came to me—she did not go back to Hackney—she is about twenty-two years of age—I re-engaged her—I did no t take her to my lodging then, she came after she was engaged—she was engaged at a place of business which I had close by, No.310, Regent-street—that is Miss Gould's—I am not aware that Miss Gould has made considerable complaints against me—I have brought an action, and filed a bill in Chancery against her—Miss Hall always slept in the room where the money was—we slept together—I was cohabiting with her—she had been my shopwoman for four years—I cohabited with her some part of that time—she is now living at No. 18, Hackney-road—she left my lodging about a week or fortnight after the robbery—I think she was there a whole week after the robbery, if not a fortnight—she slept there the following night, and I think was there the whole of the following day—I was out with the officer every night until the Sunday, we traced the prisoner to fifty places, and I did not sleep at my lodging until three o'clock on the Sunday morning—the other female came up three or four days previous to the robbery—she lives at Oxford—she has been in my employ—she was at the lodging on the night of the 14th of June—Miss Hall and the other young woman both knew of my having the money in the bag.

MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. Was Miss Hall here last Session? A. No—the young lady Oxford only slept in the house two or three nights—she slept with Miss Hall as a companion, and I slept in the next room—she was unwell, and was going away on the morning previous to my discovering my loss, and had she gone before I discovered it I should certainly have suspected her, but in consequence of the robbery I kept her in town for two or three days longer.





JAMES MADDOX.
 I am a licensed victualler. and live in High-street, Marylebone. On the 15th of June last, about five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my house—I had seen him a few times before—he asked if I would take charge of thirty-one sovereigns for him for a few days, until he went to Gravesend and back, he might be gone two or three days or a week—he called again on Thursday, the 17th, and asked me to let him have 10l. of it—in consequence of information I had then received, I gave him into custody, and gave up the twenty-one sovereigns to Wyness, the policeman—the prisoner had never left any money with me before.

COURT.
Q. How was he dressed when he called previously? A. Always very respectably—there was no change in his appearance.





ANDREW WYNESS
 (policeman D 43.) On the 17th of June I received twenty-one sovereigns from Maddox.





ROGER ROBERTS.
 I am landlord of the house, NO. 116, Great Titchfield-street. Mr. Arundel lodged in the front room second floor—the prisoner lodged in the back room adjoining, for eight or nine weeks—he left on the 15th without giving me any notice—he owed me about 10s. or 12s. for rent and his meals—sometimes he paid me in clothes—he is a chemist and druggist, and was with a Mr. Nash when I first knew him—he was doing nothing when he was with me—I have now and then lent him 1s. or 6d.—he was out with me the day previous, at Clerkenwell, and told me he had no money.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known Mr. Arundel? A.


About six or seven weeks—I had not known him previous to his coming to lodge with me—my brother used to sleep with the prisoner—I am not quite sure how much the prisoner owed me, as I did not keep the account myself, but I should say it was about 10s.—I am sure it was 5s.—that included provisions—he paid so much per meal—he left some clothes behind—I was told not to give them up—I did not say the Sheriff would have them—on the 14th, when we were out, I proposed going to a public-house to get some dinner, and he said he had no money.





WILLIAM ROBERTS.
 I am the brother of the last witness. I know the prisoner by being at my brother's for five of six weeks—I occupied the same bed with him—the last night he slept there was on Monday, the 14th of June—I saw him that evening—he left some clothes behind him, but he had been in the habit of leaving before that.

Cross-examined. Q. For three or four days at a time? A. Yes, and leaving his clothes in the same way, without saying he was going—some of the clothes were pretty good, and some not so good—I know nothing about his receiving money from the country.

COURT.
Q. Where was the prisoner after he got up in the morning? A. I always got up first, about seven or half-past seven o'clock, and undid my brother's shop shutters, leaving the prisoner in the bed-room—the lodgers in other room used to go out to a shop in Regent-street—they left at various times, sometimes at eight o'clock, and sometimes at nine—the prisoner used to come down when we called him about eight o'clock to breakfast—he sometimes went to the bed-room afterwards—he was at home on the Tuesday afternoon—I cannot say whether the young women were out then or not—the partition to the prosecutor's room is very thin—you can hear persons talking if they speak loud—I cannot say whether their door was locked when they went out—I never tried it—I did not know where the prosecutor kept his bag—I know the place where he said he kept it—I afterwards saw the carpet bag, it appeared to have been wrenched open on one side—the young women were in the house when the prosecutor discovered the loss—my sister is the landlady of the house—she attended to the rooms, but she never went into the prosecutor's room—they always locked it up when they went out—the prosecutor had two rooms—they are not one within the other—there are two separate doors on the staircase—they only locked one door—that was the door of the room the money was in—they could not get into that room by going in at the other door—if they did get in, they would be obliged to open that door—there is no internal communication between the rooms—they used to take the key with them—I never saw them with it—I have seen them locking the door sometimes when they have been going out—the door was not found broken open—the key of the my door will not open the other room—the prosecutor tried it himself—we have not a key in the house that will unlock it—I saw no appearance of the lock having been pushed back.





FERDINAND LEOPOLD ARUNDELL

re-examined. I discovered my loss about eight o'clock on Wednesday morning, the 16th, as I wanted the money to pay away in the City—I kept nothing but the money and papers in the bag—I kept it at the foot of the bed, at the bottom of the room—persons sleeping in the bed might fail to notice that it was wrenched open, because it was in an angle of the room, where there is no space for a person to go up, except a small division between the bottom of the bed, and the handle of the door—the bag was not placed so as to show that it had been forced—it would not be seen till it was disturbed—I asked the young persons for the bag, as I was going out; they gave it me through their door while I was dressing, and

directly I saw it, I saw that the money was gone—they did not notice it till I remarked it—if I had been aware of it I would have had Miss Hall here—I did not see the money on the Tuesday, I did on the Monday—the door was invariably locked—I particularly desired it, and always tried it every time I went into the room—it was impossible that the room could have been entered without a key, but the last time the carpet bag was gone to it was wrenched open—I believe they were disturbed—I was only alluding to what I have heard from Miss Hall—Miss Hall had some boxes at my lodging—I did not have them searched—they were not searched at the time of the robbery—I do not think her friend had any boxes.

COURT.
Q. Has Miss Hall told you something which you believe would explain the difficulty if she was here? A. Yes; it would explain as regards the lock—I could get her here in half an hour—nobody could have had access to the room without a key, the door was locked on the Tuesday evening.





RICHARD BEARD.
 I am in the prosecutor's employ, and act for him at Bristol—I was in the habit of remitting him money from time to time in June last—on the 9th of June I remitted him 23l. 9s. 7d., there were three bank notes, and the rest in gold and silver—I had remitted other money in that month, and many times previously.





DANIEL ALLEN.
 I am acquainted with the prisoner—I saw him about a week or eight days previous to the robbery—he had no money then to my knowledge—I did not see him again until he was in custody—he was out of a situation I believe—I have known him about seven or eight months.





HENRY HOLLAND.
 I am a tailor, and live in High-street, Marylebone—I am acquainted with the prisoner—on the 15th of June he came to my shop about one o'clock—he did not purchase anything of me then—he bought a few waistcoats about a month back, and then paid me some money—on the 15th of June when he came he said, "I want to speak to you"—I was at dinner—he asked me to come and have a glass of wine or brandy, or anything I liked—I said, "No; I have business to do against time, but in the evening I shall have no objection"—he said, "What time will you be done in the evening?"—I said, "About seven o'clock"—he said, "Here are nine sovereigns, will you take care of these till night, for I do not want Mr. Roberts to know that I have got any money; I have had a remittance of 10l., and I have just come from St. Martin's-le-Grand with a post-office order; I have had to write a letter for it, it took me an hour and more, and to tell the d—dest lies to get this money"—he said it came from his uncle at penrith in Derbyshire—he went away, and said he would call about seven—between four and five he came again—I said, "You have come before your time"—he said, "Yes; I have met with a person or two, and have had a little to drink and something to eat, I am going home to answer some advertisements, I have heard of two or three situations"—about a quarter past seven the same evening he came and said, "Are you ready?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "I have brought some duplicates with me, I want to get some things out of pledge that are in this neighbourhood"—a friend came in and asked me to go and have some ale—I asked the prisoner to come—he said, "No; it is between seven and eight, the pawnbrokers shut up at eight, I will go and get these things; give me 2l. of the money I gave you, and I will meet you at the public-house,"—I gave it to him, and he went—he afterwards met me at the public-house, and we took a walk up Marylebone-street—he said, "You have got to give me 7l."—I said, "Yes"—I gave it him, and we went into a public-house, had some sherry and water, went to Oxford-market, and had some supper together at an eating-house—he there

said, "Take 5s. for me, and I will ask you for 5s.; I don't want Roberts to know that I have got money, and I will say, 'Holland, lend me 5s.'"—he gave me the 5s.—we went to Roberts, but Roberts was not at home—we saw Mrs. Roberts, and he asked me in her presence for the 5s.—I gave it to him—that was about nine o'clock in the evening—I saw the articles he had redeemed, they were a black wrapper, a neckerchief or two, and a cap and jacket.





WILLIAM BROCK.
 I live with Mr. Clark, a pawnbroker, in Long-acre. I produce a coat pledged for 8s. on the 2nd of June, in the name of George Dickins—I cannot swear to the prisoner.





WILLIAM TAYLOR.
 I am in the employment of Mr. Dobree, a pawn-broker, in Oxford-street. I produce four waistcoats pledged for 5s. 6d., on the 10th of June, by a man in the name of John Dixon, of No. 8, Great Chesterfield-street—I do not recollect the prisoner.





ROGER ROBERTS

re-examined. I have seen the prisoner wear a coat very much like this, but I could not swear to it—I recollect this waistcoat very well—it has some peculiar buttons.





WILLIAM ROBERTS

re-examined. I believe the prisoner had such clothes as these—I have seen some very much like them.





EBENEZER BOWER
 (police-constable D 143.) I took the prisoner into custody on Sunday morning, the 20th of June—I told him the charge—he said I was a mistaken, that he was not the man—on the way to the station he said he was a stranger there—I was present at the Police-office when his father-in-law was examined—he is here to-day—he stated that he had come from Derby.





JOSEPH HUGHES
 (police-constable T 114.) In June last, in consequence of instructions from the Magistrate, I accompanied the prosecutor to Derby—I saw a person there, representing herself as the prisoner's mother—I was present at the examination at the Police-office, and heard a person named Foulston examined—he represented himself to be the prisoner's father-in-law—I do not know whether or not his deposition was taken—I heard the prisoner state in his defence to the Magistrate how he got possession of the money—I do not know whether the clerk wrote it down or not—it was at the first examination, on the 21st of June, I think—the clerk took it down in his book—it was not submitted to the Magistrate to authenticate—it was not read over to the prisoner, nor was he asked to sign it.

The depositions returned to the Court contained no statement of the prisoner's.
MR. O'BRIEN
tendered the evidence of a witness who was present at the time, and took down what the prisoner said.
MR. BALLANTINE
objected to the reception of this evidence, but the
COURT
was of opinion that it was admissible, as the best evidence, in the absence of the Magistrate's clerk.






GAVAN RICKARDS.
 I was at Marlborough-street on the 21st of June—the prisoner was under charge there—he made a statement—I took down in writing what he said, just as he uttered it—I was attending for Mr. Eyre, the attorney for the prosecution—this is the memorandum I made at the time—he said, "Since I have been out of a situation, I have been under the necessity of pawing; Mr. Roberts lent me a watch; about a fortnight ago my father sent me up 35l., they were two tens, and the remainder in fives; I was asked by my father if I should like a government situation; which I said I should; he is not my father, but my father-in-law; his name is Mr. Foulston, No. 1, Eycott-street, Derby."

MR. BALLANTINE
called






GEORGE FOULSTON.
 I am a miller, at Derby. The prisoner is my son-in-law—I

have married his mother—I knew of his coming up to town—he has always borne an honest and respectable character—his mother had been married before I married her—I had no money in my possession on his account—his mother has a yearly annuity, and it was between his mother and himself—I have at times supplied him with money—the last time, I believe, was about eleven weeks ago, according to my recollection—I cannot say to a few days—the last sum of money I sent him, was three £5 notes—I had sent him two £10 notes about a fortnight before that, it was my own money—I knew he was out of a situation—I had not sent him money previously to that—he had written down to me to say that he was out of a situation, and was in expectation of getting one, and wanted money to fit him out for it; and being his father-in-law, I considered it was my duty to supply him with it—I do not know whether his mother supplied him with any money.

MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. Did the prisoner write to you? A. Yes—I have not got the letter—I sent him two 10l. and three 5l. Bank of England notes—I sent them by letter from Derby, directed to the prisoner's lodgings—I sent the two 10l. notes first—I did not get a letter from the prisoner acknowledging their receipt—I sent the three fives before I received any other letter—I did not get a letter acknowledging the receipt of the three fives—he sent a letter saying the two 10l. notes were not sufficient, and I then sent him the three fives—I was not aware that unpleasant circumstances would take place, or I could have produced the letters—I was in town six or eight weeks ago, and was examined before Mr. Bingham, he did not put such questions as these to me—I do not know the numbers of the notes—whether I have been in custody has nothing to do with this—I was not charged with stealing, convicted, and sentenced to nine months' imprisonment in Derby jail—I suffered innocently—it may be ten years ago—I was there nine months, I believe—I cannot give an explanation of what I was charged with—I was with other men in a public-house; we had some liquor together, and a person got drunk, and another said he had lost some money or something of that sort in the public-house—I was not able to say whether he had or not, but I was in their company—I believe the other person was charged with stealing money in the public-house—it was through paying for some ale—one party said he had put the money down for the ale, and that another party took it up—I have been married nearly six years—my wife was never known as Devonshire Bess—she never kept a brothel—I was never insolvent, nor a bankrupt—I am a miller by trade—one mill is sufficient for me, that is at Derby—I do not say I am the owner of it, or that I have one at the present time—I do not rent a mill; I superintended one till I came up to London, for Mr. Foreman, who has one at Derby.

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. You married the prisoner's mother after you had been in Southwell jail? A. Yes, that is the way I became acquainted with him—I believe he is near twenty years of age—my wife has an annuity of about 40l. a year—she had no money when I married her, to my knowledge—I know that she supplies the prisoner with money on her own account—I had been living in the neighbourhood of Derby ever since I was in Southwell jail, and in the employ of respectable people—I have not been in trouble or difficulty since, but have been trying to gain an honest livelihood—my wife never kept a brothel at Brentford to my knowledge; far from it, she has been in a respectable business at Derby for twenty years—she is not here.

COURT.
Q. In whose employment were you in June and July last? A. Mr. Charles Foreman's, who has a corn-mill at Derby—I received a guinea a

week as wages—I had this money in my possession ever since I gave up business, which is nearly four years ago—I had more money than the 35l. I sent the prisoner—I did not take the numbers or dates of any of the notes—I carried on business at Derby as a grocer, and a bacon, butter, and cheese-factor—I did not fail, I gave it up in consequence of my wife's ill health, and we went home to my friends for three months—I kept all the notes by me for four years—I never made any use of them, or deposited them in any Bank—I kept them in my own chest of drawers—I had 60l. in ready cash when I gave up business, besides what I had in my books—I had 23l. left after remitting the 35l. to the prisoner—I never used this money, as it was in Bank of England notes—I have always had it in my power to receive a guinea or 25s. a week, and my wife has a yearly annuity, and carried on business as a milliner and dressmaker—I have more money in my possession now than I had when I gave up business—I had spent no part of the 60l. until I sent my son-in-law the 35l.

MR. ARUNDEL
re-examined. I do not know a person named William Hyde—I never said to any one, that if Miss Hall had left town I should have suspected her of stealing my money—she never did leave town—it was the other young lady that I should have suspected—Miss Hall is not here now—I have been to fetch her, but unfortunately she has gone to Colchester for the day—if I had had the least idea of her attendance being required, I should undoubtedly have had her here—I always locked my door when I left the room, and I believe I was the last person that left the room previous to missing the money.




GUILTY. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.
—




Transported for seven Years.

