



224. 




JOHN LEES



; feloniously breaking and entering the counting-house of 



Henry Lewis Winter, and stealing 1 gutta-percha band, and other articles, value 6l. 15s.; his goods: having been before convicted.






GEORGE WARD
. I am in the employ of Mr. Henry Lewis Winter, of 12, Artillery-place, in the parish of Shoreditch; it is his dwelling-house, I sleep there. On 28th Nov., at nine o'clock at night, I locked up the premises all

safe—I was the last person up—the place is enclosed with a wall about tea feet high—the counting-house window was hasped safely down—I got up in the morning about ten minutes to five, the counting-house window was then open, a square of glass was taken out which would enable a person to unhasp the window—I went into the counting-house and missed a gutta-percha band, some brass bearings from the cupboard in which we keep the old stores, thirty-one new files, and some bad coin which had been put away in a desk—I called in the police, and in the yard found six of the brass bearings that had been taken from the cupboard, and the files were found on the top of some deals in the yard—the prisoner worked on our premises; last April twelve months was the last time—he knew the premises—these are the things I missed (produced), they are the property of Mr. Winter.





JOHN THORP
 (policeman). About two o'clock in the morning of 29th Nov., I was on duty in Tabernacle-row, St. Luke's, and saw the prisoner with this gutta-percha band on his shoulder—I went up to him and asked what he had on his shoulder—he said, "Some gutta-percha"—I asked where he had got it from—he said, "From our warehouse in Shoreditch"—I then asked him where he was going to take it—he said, "To our office in the City-road"—I said, "It is rather an unusual hour for an office to be open, your statement is not satisfactory to me, you must go with me to the station"—he then said, "No, Sir; I am going to take it over the water to No. 11, Robert-street"—I took him to the station, and in one coat-pocket found six brass bearings, and in the other a chisel, a jemmy, and a life-preserver; and in his trowsen pocket, one counterfeit half-crown, and one counterfeit sixpence—I afterwards compared these two instruments with the desk at Mr. Winter's—they corresponded.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I tell you that a man asked me to carry it? A. No; you did not say if I came with you, you would show me the man who gave it you.

Prisoner's Defence. I was standing in Church-street, Shoreditch, a man came up to me and asked if I would carry these things for him as far as the Waterloo-road; I said I would; he said, "I will give you three shillings for your trouble; I will meet you in the City-road, and if not, you go on to the Waterloo-road;" as I went the policeman met me; I told him I was going to take them to the Waterloo-road; there were four persons with me at the time the man gave me the things to carry; they were up at my first hearing; the man gave me the things all together, tied up in a bundle.





ROBERT DEVEREUX
 (City-policeman, 154). I produce a certificate—(read—John King, Convicted, August, 1848, of larceny as servant, and confined one year)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

