



1211. 




HARRIET EDWARDS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch-chain, 1s.; 1 watch-key, 3d.; I seal, 9d.: the goods of 



George Patterson, from his person: and that she had been before convicted of felony.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE PATTERSON
. I am a gardener, and live at Clapham. On the 11th of May I went to the William the Fourth, in the Wandsworth-road, to have half-a-pint of beer—I left there about five o'clock in the afternoon, and was going home—I met a young woman who came smiling and looking very pleasant to me—I thought it was some one who knew me, but I could not think who it was—she came quite close to me, squeezed herself up against me—I began to think she was a bad girl, and I thought I felt something at my watch—I put down my hand to feel if my wateh was safe, and my chain, and key, and seal, were gone—I said, o'You have robbed me of my watch"—she said, "No"—I said, "You have"—I laid hold of her, and she gave me a good blow on my cheek—I dragged her back to the William the Fourth, which was only about fifty yards off—I asked the landlord if he would send for a policeman—when I got the young woman within the public-house door, she gave me the chain"—she held out her hand to me, and I took it out of her hand—I observed that the ring was broken at the end of the chain which had fastened it to the watch—I found my watch was in my pocket—I turned the pocket inside out

and found the broken ring, which was between the watch and the chain—the chain was not broken—I do not know the young woman—I never saw her before to my knowledge—T see nobody more like her than the prisoner is.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. What were you doing there? A. I was reading the newspaper—the young woman met me sibout eighty yards from the William the Fourth, in the path by the road—I cannot say whether any persons were passing when she came up to me—I took no liberties at all with her.





MARY FRANCIS
. I am single, and live in Thurlow-cottage, Wandsworth, On the 11th of May I saw the prosecutor in the road about five o'clock—I saw a woman walk up to him as if she knew him—she had a brown gown on with two flounces—I did not see her face—I walked on.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw no scuffle, nor heard any? A. No—the young woman was on the right side of the road—she crossed to the left, and went up to the prosecutor—he did not seem as if he knew her—his head was down at the time—I went into the linen-draper's where I was going.





JOSEPH PERKINS
. I am ostler at the William the Fourth. On the 11th of May I stood at the door as the prosecutor went out—I then heard a noise—I turned my head, and saw his hat and wig fall off—I went up, and the prisoner and he were scuffling together—the prosecutor called out, "Police!"—the prisoner did not make any resistance when she saw me looking towards them—the prosecutor had hold of her hand, and said she had robbed him of his watch—they then walked down quietly to where I was—he had hold of her hand all the time—the prisoner said he had accused her of robbing him of his watch, and, if there was a policeman, she would give him in charge—I picked up his wig, and went for a policeman—when I came back, he was pulling the watch out.

Cross-examined. Q. Did they go into the public-house? A. Yes, jurt inside the door—when I first saw them, they were between thirty and forty yards from me—the prisoner made no resistance after I went in sight—they were tusseling together when I first saw them—they went into the public-house—they had nothing to drink—the prisoner laughed outside, and said this old man had accused her of robbing him of his watch—I did not hear what took place inside—I went away to look for the wig, leaving them in the public-house.





GEORGE AUSTIN
. I am the landlord of the William the Fourth, in the Wands worth-road—on the 11th of May I was called down stairs by the bar maid, who said an old man had been robbed—I came down, and old Patterson was at the bar with the prisoner—he said he had been robbed of his watch and he had the chain in his hand—I requested him to look for his watch—he looked in his fob, found it and took it out—the prisoner denied the robbery, and said, "The old man has his watch"—I sent the ostler for a police man, and during his absence I looked at the chain to see how it was broken off—I saw there was no ring, and I desired the old man to look in his pocket—he turned it out and took out this piece of a ring—I gave the prisoner in custody.





GEORGE PATTERSON

re-examined. This is the ring that was to my chain and watch, and this my watch-chain.





WILLIAM GLEED
 (police-constable V 276.) I took the prisoner into custody.





JOHN LONG
. I am a working man, and live in the Wands worth-road—I did not see the first of this, but I saw the prisoner give the chain and seal and key to the old gentleman—these are them.





GEORGE AUSTIN

re-examined. Q. Did you see the prosecutor and the prisoner in front of the bar? A. Yes, the prisoner was laughing, and said, "The

old man says I robbed him, but you see he has got his watch"—she wished to go away, but I detained her.





GEORGE WILD
 (police-constable M 94.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Newington—(read—Convicted 18th March, 1844, and confined twelve months)—the prisoner is the person.
*


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

