




2767. 




JAMES MAY
 and 




EDWARD FLEMING
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of September, 200lbs. weight of eels, value 4l. 10s.; the goods of 



Ann Gulden arm.






JOSEPH LEWIS
. I am a Thames police-inspector. At a quarter before four o'clock, in the morning of the 19th of September, I saw a boat rowing away from some eel vessels, which were lying off Billingsgate—I gave chase and captured the two prisoners in the boat, at the opposite side of the water—in the bottom of the boat were 200lbs. of live eels, and by the side of the boat was this part of a basket, which is used to fasten the eels in with—Fleming was rowing, and May was standing up shoving—there was a dredge in the boat, but it had no rope to it—they said a man gave them 5s. to row the eels to Gravesend,. and not to give them to any one till he came—they were then about thirty miles from Gravesend.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Which of them said this? A. May spoke first, and then Fleming said the same—I asked May how he accounted for the eels? and then be said a man gave them 5s. to take the eels to Gravesend—I took them to the office directly.

COURT. Q. HOW did you find who the eels belonged to? A. I rowed up, and hailed the vessels—the captain came on deck, and said he had lost 200lbs. of eels.





LEONARD FIAS BARGINALL
. I am a Thames police-constable—I was with the inspector, and saw May standing in the boat, and Fleming rowing it—May had a kind of eel-basket, and I saw him stoop, as if he was putting something into the bottom of the boat, but what it was I do not know.

Fleming. Q. Did you see us row through the tier? A. Yes, through the tier outside—you might have come down inside—I did not see you come from the ship—you then rowed across the water—I only saw one basket—I do not know what became of it—when I came up to you, there was a small basket in the head of your boat—the inspector picked up another basket in the water—I was alongside the steam-boat when you came through the tier—I thought you had something that did not belong to you, and then I told the inspector there was a basket in your boat—you must have chucked it overboard.

COURT. Q. IS this your signature to this deposition? A. Yes—(the deposition being read, stated, "A basket similar to the one now produced was standing on its end, in the stern of the boat where May was.")





ANNE GURLDENARM
. I am captain of an eel-vessel; she was lying off the Custom-house. On the morning of the 19th of September Lewis came to me, and I missed three baskets from the boat at the stern of my vessel, and 200lbs. of eels—I have seen those eels which the officer found—they are the same sort as mine, and weigh the same as those I lost—my eel-baskets had exactly such lids as this basket, and I think this is one of them—I got my eels from the lower part of the coast of Holland—these are about the same weight, about three to a pound—they are kept in a place that the water runs through, and were worth 4l. 8s.

Fleming. Q. You left the eels in the lug-boat? A. Yes, astern of the vessel, in four baskets—there was nobody watching them—they were there at two o'clock—when I got out of bed at five I missed them. MAY**—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years. FLEMING—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined One Year.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

