



1716. 




JOHN PEARL
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Robert Goulding, on the 
12th of April, at 
St. John, Southwark, and stealing therein, 4 bushels of beans, value 16s., his property.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution,






WILLIAM NETTLETON
. I am clerk to Robert Goulding, a corn-merchant and warehouseman, carrying on business in Potter's Fields, St. John's, Southwark—I have lived with him thirty years—there is nobody but him in the firm—it is carried on as Robert Goulding and Son, but there is nobody but him in it. On the evening of the 12th of April, about seven o'clock, I was leaving the counting-house, and went round to the different doors to see that they were fast—on coming to the back-door of the warehouse, "B No. 1," I found the top part of the door open—I went up to the door and saw two men, each filling a bushel bag with beans—there was a balk of beans at the other end of the warehouse—I asked what they did there, and how they came there—one of them, not the prisoner, escaped almost immediately, so that I could not ascertain who he was—the prisoner came towards me and said it was all right—I said, "No, it is not all right," and asked what business they had there, and how they came in—he said it was all right, and endeavoured to make his escape—I was outside the door—the door was between us—I pushed him back and kept calling for the police—he attempted to come out at the top of the door—it is a divided door—the other man went to the other end of the warehouse, and I suppose must have dropped from the first-floor window—there was no other means of his getting away—before the policeman came the prisoner had made his escape into the other warehouse, and we went in search of him—I expect he knew the warehouse, and had been there before—the sack containing the beans was just outside the door where I saw him, ready to be carried away, besides the two sacks they were filling—the beans in the sack and bags corresponded in quality with those in the bulk—after securing the prisoner we went over the warehouse, and the following morning, about nine o'clock, I examined the back window and found one iron bar of the window standing in its proper position, but it was loose—anybody without could remove it to get in—the back-door of the warehouse was fastened from within—you could

not get in at the back of the premises except by the window—the front part of the warehouse was fastened with a common lock, and the Queen's lock also—they were quite undisturbed—the back-window is about two yards from the ground—any body could get through the window and unfasten the back-door within—a man could not get out of the up stairs warehouse without dropping from the window, unless he had a ladder, and that was found—he could not get out at the lower window, because I stood there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You say there is nobody in the concern but Robert Goulding? A. Yes—the beans belong to Mr. Millis Coventry, a corn-factor—the warehouse is a place for the safe keeping of goods—the back-door is divided in the centre—I found the upper part open—it is, perhaps, three yards high from top to bottom—there is no thoroughfare at the back of the premises—it is an entrance to our yard—I made no examination of the upper window that evening particularly—I do not know what had occurred to it since.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were the beans entrusted to your master for safe keeping? A. Yes—he is accountable for them—Mr. Coventry pays ware house room to my master for them.





JOHN FERNS
. I am in the service of Mr. Goulding—I was on the premises, in the warehouse B No. 1—on the 12th of April, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I closed the warehouse—the front-door was secured by a lock and latch, and the Queen's lock too—I saw the backdoor secured inside—there was no fastening to the front—I came out at the front-door, and saw both the locks made fast—I did not examine the window bars.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am a policeman. I received information from Nettleton, went up to the second-floor, and saw the prisoner on the tiles of the lower warehouse endeavouring to escape—I took possession of the sack of beans and two bags—I went down stairs, round to the back premises, and met my brother constable, who got a ladder to get on to the roof, but received information that the prisoner had dropped from the wall again into an enclosed building—we went there, and found him lying on the bulk of corn—I examined the building that night—the bars of the back window seemed correct, but I did not take hold of them to try them—I tried them at nine o'clock the following morning, and found a bar unfastened—the nails bad been drawn,-and the bar removed, and put back in its place again—I bad not observed that the night before—I received the prisoner in charge—I had seen him in Tooley-street shortly before.





THOMAS TATE
. I am a policeman. I went round the warehouse B No. 1, and found my brother constable there—I saw the back-window that night, but did not notice any thing the matter with it—I did not examine it particularly—I saw the prisoner endeavouring to escape, and afterwards secured him.

WILLIAMNETTLETON
re-examined. Mr. Goulding keeps his own goods at the warehouse for sale as well as other people's—the beans were not in bond, but there was wheat in the same warehouse—they were in bond when first put there—Mr. Coventry might bring people there to look at them, but they generally sell them by sample at the market.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Could you have got them out without the party who puts the Queen's lock on coming? A. I could not have taken off the Queen's lock—it is taken off at eight o'clock in the morning, and put on at four o'clock in the afternoon.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.
