



477. 




JOSEPH PATTERSON
was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Adam Ranwell and another, at the liberty of 
Norton Falgate, and stealing therein 6 handkerchiefs, value 24s., and 3 yards of silk, value 12s.; their property.






HENRY JOHNSON.
I am in the service of Adam Ranwell and another, linen-drapers in the liberty of Norton Falgate. On Saturday night, the 28th of December, the policeman came, and drew my attention to the shop-window—I found one pane of glass had been broken, and nine silk handkerchiefs taken out—I went with him to the station-house, and found the prisoner in custody with the property.





GEORGE TREW.
I am a policeman. I was on duty on the evening of the 28th of December, about six o'clock, in plain clothes—I observed the prisoner, with two others, near the prosecutor's shop—I watched them for nearly half-an-hour—they were walking backwards and forwards—I stood in a dark court, and saw them all close up to the window, and in a few minutes I saw the prisoner bring some glass from the window and put it in the kennel—it was part of a pane—they then walked backwards and forwards—then one stood close to the window, and the other, with the prisoner, was there—I saw the prisoner take the handkerchiefs out of the window, and go round Spital-square—I followed and collared him, just putting the handkerchiefs into his hat, having taken them from his coat—I took him to the station-house with the property—I went and gave information to Johnson.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How far were you from the window? A. On the opposite side of the way, standing in a dark court, by the gallery of the City Theatre, watching them—I had a smock-frock on, and a short pipe in my mouth, in the disguise of a countryman—I had no tobacco—I could see clearly all that took place—the entrance of the theatre is right opposite the prosecutor's—I was in a court by the side of theatre—I had to look aslant—I stopped the prisoner about forty yards

from the shop, just turning into Spital-square—I saw him put the glass into the kennel—I went afterwards and brought a piece of it away, but something had gone over it, and crushed it all to pieces—I am certain I cannot be mistaken in the prisoner.





HENRY JOHNSON

re-examined. These are my master's handkerchiefs, and have a mark on them—they were in the window, within reach of the broken pane—he might have taken twice the quantity out if he had had an opportunity.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Was not your attention called to the window by a female? A. Yes, almost at the same moment as the policeman—she came in rather before the policeman.




GUILTY.Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years


Before Mr. Justice Ershine.
