



1695. 




ANN JAMESON
was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of June, 6 yards of silk, value 1l. 13s. 6d.; 10 handkerchiefs, value 1l.; 20 yards of ribbon, value 5l.; 9 yards of cam brick, value 11s.; and 43 yards of muslin, value 4l.; the goods of 



Robert Sharland and others.






WILLIAM EDGER.
I am in the employ of Robert Sharland and others, linen-drapers, in Bishopsgate-street. On the 9th of June the goods stated were sold to Messrs. Smith, of Bedford—they were directed to be first sent to a house in the City to be enclosed, and from there to be sent to No. 3, Plummer's-row—the porter was sent with them.






JOSEPH IRISIN.
I am porter to the prosecutors. I saw the articles picked up on the 9th of June—I went with the parcel to Messrs. Waylock to be enclosed—they directed me to take it to Mrs. Terry, 3, Plummer's-row, City-road, for the purpose of being sent to Bedford—I could not find Plummers's-row, but went to 3, Plummer's-place—I saw the prisoner there and inquired for Mrs. Terry—she said, "I am Mrs. Terry"—I said, "I have got a parcel for Messrs. Smith of Bedford"—she said, "It is all right, I am Mrs. Terry"—I left the parcel, confiding in the truth of her representations—about five minutes after I found out that I had left the parcel at the wrong place—I directly went back to the same house and knocked at the door, but could not get admittance—I remained about the house till six o'clock (it was about eleven o'clock when I first went)—I got a police-sergeant to be with me—I afterwards saw the parcel in his possession—it contained the same things I had seen packed up—these are them—(looking at them.)





ANN JAMESON.
I am sister-in-law to the prisoner—she lives at No. 3, Plummer's-place. On the 9th of June I was in Bartholomew's Hospital—the prisoner brought me a parcel there tied up, and said it contained clean clothes for her to work on—the police-sergeant afterwards came, and I gave the same parcel to him.





MARY TELFER.
I am married—I knew the prisoner about twelve months ago—she took a little house in Draper's-buildings, where I lived then—I now live in Old-street—she came to me on Wednesday evening, very tipsy, and said she had got some things from tht tally-shop, and was afraid to take them home, as her landlord was going to take her goods—I said I would mind them for her—she said she would come for them on Friday afternoon—I kept them till then, when the policeman came and took them and took me in charge.





JAMES CLARKE
(police-constable N15.) I found part of the property at Bartholomew's Hospital, and part at Teller's—I took the prisoner into custody—she denied all knowledge of the parcel or the porter.

Prisoner's Defence. I was very tipsy, and cannot recollect any thing about it; I was tipsy when the man left it; a man frequently calls at the house for things which are left there to go into the country.




GUILTY.*Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years


Before Mr, Baron Parke.
