





1778. 




JAMES ARTHUR,



 WILLIAM M'DONALD
, and 




THOMAS EVERITT
, were indicted for

 stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 6 shillings, and 1 groat; the property of 



Elizabeth Watkins, from her person.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the prosecution.






DANIEL MAY
 (City policeman, No. 357.) On Tuesday, the 20th of July, I was coming with three other officers, in plain clothes, in a steam-boat, to London-bridge—we arrived a little before nine o'clock at night—there were several other boats at the pier—I and the others proceeded to land—I observed the three prisoners coming from the pier, on board a Chelsea boat, in fact, they were on board, crossing from one boat to another—I saw a female going just before the prisoners, close to them—the prisoners were close together—I did not know them before—I saw M'Donald put his hand into the female's pocket, and drop his hand down as if he was passing something to the other prisoners, who were close to him—I went and laid hold of M'Donald's hand, and found nothing there—Wardle came up and took him by the collar—I felt him, and took Everitt—I looked round, and saw Arthur hold his hand out, with a purse in it—he dropped it, and a man employed on the pier picked it up—I did not see it shown to any female—I took Everitt—he did not go quietly—while we were going to Garlic-hill station, M'Donald commenced a scuffle—Everitt then looked round, and he commenced a scuffle—he struck me several blows, and we came to the ground.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How many policeman were there? A. Four or five—we had been to Lee races—we had had no good luck or bad luck there—nothing particular occurred—I cannot say how many boats were at the pier—there were three—there might be four—there were a great person passing from the Greenwich boat across the others.





GEORGE WARDLE
 (City police-constable, No. 25.) I was in company with May and Storey, on the steam-boat, on the 20th of July—we arrived at London-bridge, and were about to land—there were other persons coming on board—I saw the prisoners in company together—there was a female in front of them—I saw M'Donald put his hand into her pocket—after he took his hand out again, he put it behind him to the other two prisoners, who were behind him—I took M'Donald into custody—I heard about the purse, and I saw it when Storey had it—I saw the prosecutrix, and told her—I knew she was the person by her dress—I had seen the pocket picked.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Then you had lost sight of the female, had you? A. Yes, the crowd was so great we got separated—I had

not seen the female before, to my knowledge—she came to the station, and described the contents of her purse—the other prisoners were near enough to M'Donald to receive anything from him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL.
Q. was the boat coming from Chelsea? A. The boat the female was on going to Chelsea—the boat the prisoners were on was No. 1, Waterman—that was on one side, not going to sail at all—there were more than 100 persons on all the boats—there might be twenty or thirty persons on the boat No. 1, Waterman.





JOHN STOREY
 (City policeman No. 414). I was with the other officers on the 20th of July—I saw the Chelsea boat—I saw the three prisoners together on No. 1 Waterman—I saw Elizabeth Watkins Close to them. I saw M'Donald with his hand by the side of her dress—she had a light shawl on—he appeared as if his hand was in her pocket, but I cannot positively say it was—in a second afterwards I observed Arthur with a purse in his hand—I laid hold of his arm—he tried to throw the purse away, but he dropped it—the witness Hayes picked it up and gave it to me—I showed the purse to Elizabeth Watkins—she claimed it, and described the contents of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Where was Hayes? A. on the Waterman steamboat—I seized Arthur—he held up his hand and dropped the purse—when I first saw the prisoners I was on the Chelsea boat—there were three boats there—I was in No. 1 Waterman, and I was the first that got out—there was another lady who had lost her purse—she claimed this purse at first, but when she found the contents did not correspond with what she had in her purse, which was 2l. 10s., she said it was not hers—she said hers was a new purse of the same kind as this is.





THOMAS WOODWARD.
 I am an inspector of the City police—I was with the other officers—I observed the three prisoners together—I saw Arthur's hand up with something in it, but what it was I could not tell—we immediately secured the prisoners, and took them to the station—we had a great struggle with them in Thames-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL.
Q. When you got to London-bridge you had these men pointed out to you. A. Yes, by one of my men—I was not examined before the magistrate.





HENRY HAYES.
 I am assistant at the City Steam-boat pier at London-bridge—on the evening of the 20th of July I was on duty at the pay-place—I saw the three prisoners there—they took tickets for the steam-boat to Chelsea—when they had taken their tickets, they proceeded towards that boat—there were two or three boats there—I went on board the boat myself after them—I saw some scuffling going on—I saw the three prisoners together—there was some movement of their hands, and I heard a cry, "look after the purse"—I saw a purse in Arthur's hand—I went to lay hold of it, and he dropped it at his feet—I took it up and gave it to Storey—I did not see Miss Watkins till she was brought to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Then you did not call out to Miss Watkins? A. No—I called out, "Has any lady lost a purse?"—three or four made answer, "I have got a purse"—they did not say they had lost a purse.





ELIZABETH WATKINS.
 This is my purse, I had it and some money in it in my possession on the evening of the 20th of July—there was a sovereign in one end of it, and six shillings and a fourpenny piece in the other end—I was going by the Chelsea steam-boat that evening—this purse was safe in my pocket when I went on board the boat—there was an alarm of a purse

being found—this purse was handed to me by one of the officers after I had sworn to the contents of it—the contents of it are right now.
(Thomas Richards, a salesman in Farringdon-market, and Frederick Giles, a wire-drawer, gave Arthur a good character.)

ARTHUR—


GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


M'DONALD—


GUILTY. Aged 30.

EVERITT—


GUILTY. Aged 21.





Transported for Ten Years.

