



1605. 




JOHN BELL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of April, 1 jacket, value 3s.; 3 pairs of trowsers, value 10s.; 1 blanket, value 2s.; 1 quilt, value 2s.; 4 shirts, value 4s.; I cap, value 6d.; 2 pairs of drawers, value 5s.; I waistcoat, value 4s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; I bag, value 6d.; and I printed book, value 2s.; the goods of 



Hugh Connor, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HUGH CONNOR
. I lodge in Glass-house-fields, Ratcliff. I am a sailorboy, just come from sea. On the 25th of April I met the prisoner in Ratcliffe-highway—he asked me if I wanted a ship—I told him I did—he said if I would come with him, he would get me one, that a captain had

sent him to look for a boy, and had given him 6d. to pay for the boy's bed—I went to get my clothes from my ship, but could not get them that night—I went with the prisoner, and got them the next morning—we went and left them at a public-house—he then took me to a coffee-shop, and told me to sit down for a quarter of an hour while he went to the captain—he went, and did not come back—I waited some time, and then went to the public-house, and found the prisoner had been and had my things about ten minutes—I met him about a week afterwards, and he said if I would go with him he would get my clothes—I gave him to the policeman—my clothes consisted of the trowsers, and other articles stated in the indictment—I have never seen them since.





EDWARD ROBINSON
. I keep the Crown in High-street, Wapping. The prosecutor and the prisoner came with the bundle—he asked if he might leave it for a short time—the prisoner afterwards came and fetched it away.





WILLIAM LEE
 (police-constable K 268.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

Prisoner. The policeman never saw me in his life before. Witness. I have no doubt at all of it—he had been twice summarily convicted before—I have known him three or four years.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
