




75. 




DANIEL FOGERTY
. was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Sarah Marsh, on the 
4th of November, and stealing therein 3 flannel shirts, value 10s.; 2 petticoats, value 6s.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 2 shifts, value 7s.; 4 towels, value 2s.; 2 pairs of drawers, value 3s.; 1 curtain, value 6d.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 7s.; and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d., her property.






SARAH MARSH
. I lodge in Silver-street, in the house of Mr. Pollard, but he does not live in the house—there are three lodgers—I occupy the two parlours on the ground-floor. On the 4th of November I left my room about a quarter after ten o'clock in the morning, and locked the door—I returned about eleven or a little after, and found my room-door open—the street-door is always open—I saw the prisoner in my room standing against my drawers—he had a black bag in his hand, which he was filling out of the drawers—he moved away from the drawers and went round the table—I took him by the collar and said, "What do you want here, you villain?"—he directly said, "D—your eyes, you b—, what do you want here?"—I said, "I will let you know"—he directly hit me on the side of my head and knocked me down—I got up, took him by the front of his shirt, it tore, and he got away—I turned round and caught him by the tall of his coat—he pulled me nearly to the door—the tail gave way in my hand, and he got away from me—I followed him out at the door, and hallooed out, "Murder, stop thief"—I went on to the Green, but was exhausted and could not halloo any more—he chucked the bag away by the Three Kings public-house, in the Close, and he was taken—I am sure he is the man I had seen in my room—he was taken to the station-house—the bag was opened there, and contained the articles stated—I had had them to mangle for Mr. Bridges.

Prisoner. Q. Are you a widow? A. Yes—I am not living with a man named Bailey, as his wife—I know him, and wash for him, but do not live with him—I have three brothers—I do not know that one of them was committed from Hatton Garden two years ago, for breaking into the same house—I have been under the doctor's hands this fortnight, from the blow you gave me—you kicked me and knocked me down—Mr. Bridges's mark is on some of these articles, and I have mangled for them nine years.





WATKIN THOMAS
. I was in Silver-street, Clerkenwell, on the 4th of November, and saw the prosecutrix running after the prisoner—I ran after him myself, and saw him throw down this bag—I afterwards saw him stopped by a man, and as he was being taken towards the station-house I saw him throw away three keys.





JAMES LAW
. (police-constable G 102.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 4th of November—he had been stopped by a young man—I saw him throw three keys into the burying-ground—a man brought them to the station-house—I cannot say they were the same the prisoner threw away—one of them fitted the prosecutrix's room-door—I fitted a piece of cloth, which the prosecutrix produced, to the tail of the prisoner's coat, and it exactly fitted it.

Prisoner to
SARAH MARSH. Q. You swore at Hatton Garden police-office that I had something under the breast of my coat—what was it? A. A towel, a shift, and two pocket handkerchiefs, which you dropped in the room, by my pulling your coat, and you left them behind—I did not agree to compromise this for 5l.—a person, who I believe was your sister, came to me and hoped I would be moderate and easy with you—I showed he

my leg and said, As tight as my boot was laced on my foot, I would speak to you and speak the truth.

Prisoner's Defence. I was passing through Silver-street, and was stopped by a man, who asked if I would earn 1s. by carrying a bag a short distance—I accepted it, and he made off, when I was followed by the prosecutrix.





SARAH WHEELER
. I went with my sister to the prosecutrix—she said, "If you can make up the value of the things I will go no further than I can—I do not wish to hurt the young man."




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.
