



280. 




WILLIAM PALMER
 was again indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Daniel Martin, and cutting and wounding him on the hand with intent to resist and prevent his lawful apprehension and detainer.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to do him some grievous bodily harm.






DANIEL MARTIN
 (police-constable L 93.) On the night of the 26th of Nov. I received some information from George Martin of having been robbed; in consequence of which, on the following night, about ten o'clock, I went to the Alfred's Head, and found the prisoner there—I knew him before, and he knew me-1 had my police dress on, and was on duty at the time—he could not fail to know I was a policeman—I told him I wanted him—he asked me what for—I told him 1 would tell him when he got down to the station—on coming out at the door, he attempted to run away—Hill caught hold of his coat, and stopped him—when he got out side lie resisted, and was very violent—he pulled something out of his pocket, which proved to be a sharp instrument of some kind, and he

threatened to rip my body, b—guts out—as he was in the act of striking at the lower part of my body, I drew back, and caught it in my finger—I have the scar now—he stabbed at my body; it cut my finger—he immediately turned the instrument up against Hill, and cut him in the collar—during that time the instrument was rescued from him by another party that stood by, who went away—we then took him to the station—the, wound is nearly well now—it is a cut across the end of the finger—a deal of blood came from it at the time—the injury of itself is not serious.

Prisoner. He draped me out of the public-house; my waistcoat was unbuttoned; I had a key in my pocket; the policeman said, "What have you got there?" I said, "It is not yours," and I said to somebody, "Here, take the key," and he took it—I went quietly to the station.

Witness. It was a Spanish knife with a spring—I saw it pass over Hill's shoulder—I had no chance to take it from him, there were three or four of his companions round him.





EDWARD HILL
. (police-constable M 135.) I went with Martin to apprehend the prisoner. On coming outside the door, he tried to run away—I laid hold of his coat behind, which hindered him from running—Martin caught hold of his collar—he put his hand into his pocket, and took out some instrument—we heard it snap—he threatened to rip Martin's b—guts out—he made aim at him—Martin threw himself back, and caught hold of his arm—he directly put it out of his right hand into his left, and came with it towards me—I drew back, and it caught my collar—I seized hold of his arm, and the parties behind me took and received the instrument.

Prisoner. When he gave his evidence before, he stated that I threatened to rip his guts open.

Witness. He said, "I will rip your b—guts open"—I do not know whether he meant me or Martin—he was very violent.

Prisoner's Defence. My life is being sworn away innocently; they have tried all manceuvres to take me since I came out of Brixton; they got a woman to watch me home; I had my paper in my bag one night, and when I came out again two policemen searched my place to see what I had there, and when they saw it was only writing-paper which I had to sell they came away again; they never said a word about this at the police court; I never struck the policeman with any instrument.




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner for assaulting Hill.)
