



1976. 




JOHN GOLLICHER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of May, 4lbs. weight of leaden pipe, value 6d., the goods of 




Sarah Shepherd, and fixed to a building.—2nd COUNT, stating it not to be fixed; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES LAST
 (police-constable R 76.) On the 20th of May, between five and six o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in London-street, Greenwich. I saw the prisoner in Shepherd's-court—I followed him into the back of the premises—he got into a privy, and there I found a piece, of lead by the side of him—I asked how he came to be wet about the head and face—he said, "I don't know any thing about it"—I took the lead, and compared it with some near a doorway of Shepherd's premises, and am certain it had formed part of it—I had seen that pipe safe within half-an-hour before.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me break it? A. No, I saw you go from the spot it was taken from—you begged of me hard to let you go, and said you would never do so any more.





ANTHONY SHEPHERD
. I am the son of Sarah Shepherd, a widow, and the landlady of the premises in question; it is her freehold—it is in Church-passage, Greenwich, about a street and a half from where the prisoner was apprehended—the officer called on me—I went round the premises, and found that a portion of the pipe had been broken off—I cannot tell whether the prisoner worked on the premises, as the house is in the occupation of a man named Doughty, an umbrella-maker.





GEORGE WILSON
. I am a policeman. I produce a piece of pipe from the tank, where it was cut off—I have compared it with the other—it appears to me to be part of the same.





JOSEPH LAST

re-examined. It was fixed to the tank, which was at the side of the wall in the passage, outside the house—it was fixed to the building.





GEORGE WILSON
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from the Deputy Clerk of the Peace at Maidstone—(read)—I know the prisoner—I was present at his trial—he is the man described in the certificate.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Transported for Ten Years.
