



1394. 




SUSAN DOHERTY
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
St. Marylebone, 1 box' value 18s.; 2 purses, 5s.; 1 watch, 1l. 10s.; 1 key, 2d.; 1 snuffbox, 1l.; 3 shirt-studs, 5s.; 1 spoon, 1s.; 4 pairs of stockings, 4s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, 4s.; 1 necklace, 10s.; 7 neckerchiefs, 5s.; 3 rings, 1l.; 3 yards of silk, 15s.; 15 handkerchiefs, 2l. 2s.; 14 yards of satin, 3l. 2s.; 1 tablecloth, 9s.; 4 table-napkins, 4s.; 18 sovereigns, 4 half-sovereigns, 2 crowns, 8 half-crowns, 6 shillings, 4 sixpences, 3 groats, 6 pence, 10 halfpence, 4 farthings, I10l. note, and 5 5l. Bank-notes, and an order for the payment of 11l. 15s., the property of 



Elizabeth Mary Hodson, her mistress, in her dwelling-house.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH MARY HODSON
. I am single, and carry on the business of a dress-maker, in Old Cavendish-street, in the parish of St. Marylebone. The prisoner came into my service about the 9th or 10th of April—on Sunday,

the 14th, I placed my cash-box under my bed, between the mattress and sacking—it contained a 10l. Bank-note, five 5l. notes, a check for 11l. 15s., two purses, some gold, silver, and halfpence, amounting altogether to about 68l.—there was about 22l. in gold and silver—between eleven and twelve o'clock at night I missed the prisoner—she had not given me any notice of her intention to leave—I had been out from three till six in the afternoon, and left her in the sole care of my house—I cannot say when I last saw her, but it was about twenty minutes past eleven when I missed her—I missed my cash-box the first thing, and instantly gave information to the police—no one occupied the bed-room but myself—I have a gentleman lodger, but he was out that day.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were all these articles kept in the cash-box? A. Yes—I had placed it between the mattress and sacking at five minutes before three on the Sunday afternoon—the day previous I had occasion to send the prisoner for the cash-box, so that she knew it was there—the check was drawn by G. C. Lewis, on the Bank of England, for the firm of Hodson and Palmer—Mr. Lewis is gentleman living in Woburnplace—I transacted business with his sister and family, as a dress-maker—I have no partner—the check was my own—it was trust-money—I have to replace it—I am liable for it—it was in trust for myself and my late partner—the money was my own—it did not all belong to myself—part of it I have to refund to my late partner—it was received as joint money belonging to the late estate—he partnership was dissolved in Dec. last, and this money was paid over to me for the joint benefit of the estate.





FANNY WICKHAM
. I live in High-street, Rochester. On the 18th of April I was at Chatham, and saw the prisoner on Chatham-lines—I had never seen her before—she had a conversation with me, and told me she had a husband, a soldier, and that she had come from London to buy him off—she showed me a 5l. note, a 10l. note, and a check for 11l.15s.—she said her mother had sent it her to buy her husband off—I saw her with a violet coloured purse, with steel and gold rings, and a yellow lining.





JOHN TUFF
. I am superintendent of the Rochester police. On Saturday, the 20th of April, I went to a house in High-street, Rochester, and found the prisoner there—I told her I should apprehend her, and what for—this carpetbag was in the room—I asked where the keys were belonging to it, and if it was her property—she said it was—I opened it, and found these things in it, and a quantity of newly purchased property.

MISS HODSON (examining the articles.) This silver box, studs, gold earring, and ring, are mine—I have recovered the check, six sovereigns, half a sovereign, a half-crown, and 2s. 6d.—this purse, with another, was in the left hand compartment of my cash-box, and there were three sovereigns, half a sovereign, and 2s. 6d. in it, the 5l. notes were pinned to the check.

Cross-examined. Q. Is this snuff-box your property? A. Yes, I had it from an uncle of mine—this check was found in the carpet-bag—it has been stopped at the Bank.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

