




2228. 




JAMES MAGGS



, stealing 37lbs. weight of lead, value 5s.; the goods of 



James Courthorp Peache and another, fixed to a building; having been before convicted.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BENNETT
. On 25th Aug. I lived at 1, Oxford-place, Lambeth. A little before twelve at night I heard a noise on the roof, and shortly afterwards saw the prisoner in custody—the lead had been repaired two days before—I found 25lbs. of lead severed from the roof—I compared it with the lead on the house—it corresponded.





JOHN WEBB
. I am a shoemaker, at 15, Barrett's-buildings. On 25th Aug., a little before twelve o'clock at night, I was with a policeman near the house in question, and saw the prisoner go in at his own window—he came I round the copeing in a direction from 1, Oxford-place—in a few minutes I saw him brought out by the policeman.

Crost-examined by
MR. CARTER.Q. Where did the prisoner live? A. At No. 17—No. 16 and 17 are kept by one person—I was in a beer-house that night, and saw the prisoner on the roof—it was a darkish night—the house was three stories high, and the window was eighteen or nineteen feet from where I stood—I could not see the face of the person on the roof—I saw he bad a large fur cap on, which the prisoner usually wears—I had seen him twenty times, and the cap too—I know him very well.





JOSEPH RACKSTRAW
 (policeman, L 170). I was on duty, and saw the prisoner on the roof of 1, Oxford-place, and 17, Barrett's-buildings—they join together—they are corner houses—the prisoner came from the corner of Oxford-place, and went into 17, Barrett's-buildings.

Cross-examined. Q. How low is this house? A. I suppose the window be got in at was about fifteen feet high—I suppose a hundred persons were there.





JOHN OULD
 (policeman, L 87). About a quarter to twelve o'clock that night I went to Oxford-place with Bennett—I saw a man doing something on the top of 1, Oxford-place—I went into 17, Barrett's-buildings—I found the prisoner standing by the fire-place, with a large hairy cap on his head—I took him, and told him he must go with me for being outside the next house—he said he had been to bed, and had just got up.





THOMAS STROUD
 (policeman, L 174). I found the lead on the top of No. 17, about a yard and a half from the window—five pieces were taken from No. 1, and two from No. 5.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you been on the roof? A. No—here is the mark of a knife on the lead—No 5 is thirty or forty yards from No. 1—you can go right along the whole row.





THOMAS FILES
. I am agent to James Courthorp Peache and Mr. Roper—they are the joint owners of No. 1, Oxford-place.

Cross-examined. Q. Are they partners? A. No; joint freeholders of the property—they built the house and I receive the rents, and pay Mr. Roper half and Mr. Peache half,





JOHN PIKE
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Bath—(read, "Convicted April, 1847, confined three months")—I was present—he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know his character before that? A. He had a good character given him by two of the Jurors.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

