




1346. 




WILLIAM M'NAB
 and 



MARGARET PETERCAN
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Tamplin, on the 
8th of April, at the liberty of Glasshouse-yard, and stealing therein 24 printed books, value 5l. 7s.; 1 map, value 3s.; 1 memorandum-book, value 1s.; 3 manuscript books, value 12s.; 1 note-case, value 2s.; 1 portfolio, value 6s.; 2 cases of surgical instruments, value 4l. 10s.; 1 set of mathematical instruments, value 10s.; 1 pair of scales, value 15s.; 4 weights, value 1s.; 2 stethoscopes, value 11s.; and 1 box, value 11s.; his goods.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD TAMPLIN
. I am a surgeon. Shortly before this robbery I moved from another dwelling to No. 2, Charterhouse-square—I left home about six o'clock in the evening of the 8th of April—I returned at twelve o'clock, and missed a box containing the articles in question—I cannot exactly tell all the contents, but there were five volumes of Shakspeare, a valuable Bible, and a morocco-leather case of surgical instruments, set with silver—the property is worth considerably more than 5l.—the house is in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldersgate, in the liberty of Glasshouse-yard—I gave information to the police, and on Sunday, the 12th, I went to Featherstone-street station-house, and saw my box and part of its contents—(produced)—there is a writing-case among the articles found—I found the lock had been cut off it—nothing was taken but the box and its contents.





HENRY KIDNEY
 (police-constable G 6.) In consequence of information on Saturday night, the 11th of April, I went to No. 24, Red Lion-alley Cow Cross-street—I found the street door open and went up stairs to the second floor;—I found the door fastened—I knocked at the door, and asked if a person named Williams was within—Petercan opened the door—she was not dressed, she had apparently got out of bed—it was eleven o'clock—I did not know her before—I asked if she knew where Williams was, she said Williams and his woman lived in the same room with her, but he was gone down to his brother's—I went into the room, turned my light on, and saw this deal box behind the door, and the place where the prosecutor's initials had been attempted to be erased, but they were to be seen—Petercan was by the side of the bed dressing herself—I opened the box and found the covers of three books—there was another box there with the lid on the top of it—I found two other books in it, "Robertson's Antiquity of Greece" and "Valpy's Delectus"—I asked Petercan whose they were—she said they were Williams's—she said, that open box was Williams's—there was a third box in a corner which was locked—I heard Hayward ask her who that belonged to, she said it was hers—he asked her where the key was—she produced it, unlocked it, and in it was found a memorandum book, a portfolio, and three or four other little books—she said that property was put in there by Williams—on searching further I found thirty-three keys in a jar, some of which are skeleton keys—I took her into custody—on Monday night, the 13th, I went to a public-house in Gray's Inn-lane and found M'Nab—I told him I wanted him on suspicion of a robbery in Charterhouse-square, and taking a box from

a house there—he said he knew nothing about it—I took him to the station-house—he behaved very violently, and bit one of my brother constables through the hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND. Q. You have never found Williams? A. I have not—I went to the house expecting to find him there—the woman said he bad been there about a month, and the box was brought in during her absence.

MR. TEMPLIN. These covers contained books, with my professional notes.





JAMES HAYWARD
. I went with Kidney to the house in Red Lionalley—I kept my eye on Petercan and saw her at the table drawer, apparently concealing something—as I heard something rattle, I seized her hand and took a bag from it, containing three small keys—I then commenced searching the room, and saw a box which was locked—I asked her whose box it was—she said it was hers, and gave me the key from the table—I unlocked the box and saw a very large key lying on the top—I removed a gown, and under that found the portfolio and two books, one with Mr. Tamplin's name in it—I again asked whose box it was—she said, "It is mine"—I said, "Whose property is this? she said, "I do not know how it came there, unless Williams put it there"—the box has only been locked a few days"—in another open box I found twenty-eight more keys, some of them are skeleton keys, and a file—she did not claim any of the things herself—I afterwards took M'Nab into custody—in passing his cell at the police-court, where he was confined after being committed, he called to me and asked if he could have any thing to eat or drink—he said, "It is too bad for me to be here alone, I did bring it out and Polly-one-ear lifted it on my shoulder;" and somebody, I think he said Morris, undid the door—I am not sure the name is Morris—there was a man with one ear in custody, and he goes by that lick name—I mentioned what he told me to the gaoler, and as I took him to the van he said, "I did not think you would have said what you did, or I should not have told you"—I handed the keys to the sergeant, who applied them to the prosecutor's door.

M'NAB. I deny ever saying a word of the sort to him.





HENRY KIDNEY

re-examined. I applied this key to the latch lock of Mr. Tamplin's door—it lifted the latch—it was one of those in the bag—it is a skeleton latch key.





ANN EIZABTH PENNY
. I am Mr. Tamplin's housekeeper. On the Wednesday night I went up stairs about seven o'clock, and took some carpets off this box with Mr. Tamplin's initials on it as I went up—it was in the passage—I came down a little before eight o'clock, and as I was at the drawing-room door I heard a noise in the passage; when I got down I found the street door wide open—it was abut when I went up stairs—I missed the box instantly.

N'NAB—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

PETERCAN—


NOT GUILTY
.
