




790. 




PATRICK COCHRANE
 and 




WILLIAM MERCER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
27th of Jan., 18 cigars, value 1s., the goods of 



Samuel Stephen Newland; and that Mercer had been before convicted of felony.






HARRIET NEWLAND
. I am the wife of Samuel Stephen Newland, of Nas-sau-street, Commercial-road. I was in my back-shop on the 26th of Jan., and saw Mercer come in—I went in to serve him—when I got outside my room-door he went out—I went to my counter, and saw the lid off my cigars, and there was only one left—there had been from a dozen and a half to two dozen—I went to my door, and saw Mercer outside, and Cochrane stood next to the next neighbour's—I said, "You thieving vagabonds, you have got my cigars"—they made a run, and there was no person near—the first person I saw was my husband—I will swear the prisoners are the two persons I saw, and they were shuffling their hands, as if they were parting something.





JOSEPH HARROW
. I live in Grenville-street, Somers-town. I was going to my sister's, and saw the two prisoners running down James-street, one after the other, and no one but them—that is the first turning past the prosecutor's—my attention was directed to them by hearing one of them say, "Go on, go on"—I crossed and stopped them both—Mercer said, "What do you stop me for? I was crying, Stop thief"—I went to the spot where it appeared there had been a separation, and I found one cigar on the pavement.





GEORGE HAYES
 (police-constable K 54.) I took a lantern, and found fifteen cigars in the middle of the road, as if they had been thrown from a hat or cap.





WILLIAM WISEMAN
 (police-constable K 156.) I took Mercer—on our way be said, "I only took two or three;" and in reply to an observation of Cochrane, he said, "I suppose we shall have six months"—I have seen the prisoners together before.

Cochrane. I had nothing to do with the cigars.

Mercer. I was not in her shop.





THOMAS BARTLETT
 (police-constable K 286.) I produce a certificate of Mercer's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person

COCHRANE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.


MERCER—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Convict Ship.


