




2445. 




EDWARD COOK
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
18th of September, 1 sovereign, and 4 shillings, the monies of 



George Baker; and 





THOMAS EVANS



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which


COOK pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—



Confined Four Months.





ANN BAKER
. I am the wife of George Baker, of Simmonds-street, Chelsea. On the 18th of September, I was removing my goods, and between eleven and twelve o'clock I gave my desk to the person my husband employed to move—I had placed a sovereign and four shillings in a drawer in that desk, in a piece of paper—the desk was not locked—I missed the money and spoke to Cook about it—he said he knew nothing of it—I said I would send for an officer, and have him searched—he went with us to Jew's-row, and there we saw the prisoner Evans—Cook said to Evans, "I say, Ben, where is that money I gave you"—Evans said, "I have no money"—I said, "You have my money, I will call a policeman, where is the policeman?"—Evans then took us through a court, and unlocked the door of a privy, got on the seat, and took from between the tiles the sovereign and four shillings.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long was that after you lost it? A. Within the same hour.





HARRIET ANDREWS
. I went and collared Evans, and said, "Where is the money?"—he said, "I have got no money"—I said we would get a policeman—he took us down to the privy, and gave the money—Cook was employed by the man who moved the goods—I did not see Evans there.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it in the paper? A. Yes—it had not been opened.





JAMES LIGHT
 (police-constable B 128.) I took Evans—he said he was

innocent—he said at the station-house that Cook gave him the mon—Cook said that he took the money to Crawley'e-yard, and gave it to Soldier, which is a nickname that Evans goes by.

Evans's Defence. I was going home to dinner, and this chap asked me to mind the money till night for him.

EVANS†—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
