



1238. 



JOSEPH CARTER
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Joseph Oddy and also charged on the Coroner's inquisition with the like murder.


MESSRS. HUDDLESTON
and
BALDWIN
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY MATTHEWS
. I am a copper-plate printer. On Tuesday, the 19th of May, I went to the Crow, New Union-street, Little Moorfields, at nine o'clock—there were several people there—the prisoner came in I think

a little before ten—John Oddy was there when I first went in—I knew them both before—I have drank with Oddy several times—he is a shoemaker or something in the leather line—the prisoner wanted to drink out of a pot of beer which stood on the counter, belonging to Oddy and his companions—he went to take it up—Oddy said he should not have it, and told him to go and work for it—he called him a spunging beggar, and said he should have no beer from him—the prisoner appealed to a wooden-legged man, another shoemaker, to know whether he was a spunging beggar—the man said, "I don't know, Joe, I never saw you spend much"—there was then a laugh and kind of ridicule—they stood talking and wrangling like together, the prisoner, Oddy and five or six more, in a cluster round the bar—I did not take particular notice what it was about—I did not hear any abusive language—it was chaffing and wrangling mixed together—a few minutes after the first attempt the prisoner tried to take the pot up again—Oddy then took it up and held it at arm's-length with one hand, and kept the prisoner at a distance with the other, that he should not get bold of it—it was not done violently—I did not see him move out of the position he stood in—there were no blows—the prisoner stood a minute or two, then muttered something, gave his foot a bit of a stamp, then turned and went out—he came back again in I suppose ten minutes or a quarter of ar hour, as near as I can tell—he pushed the door open with his arm and looked in—the wooden-legged man who stood there went towards the door to him and said, "Do you want me, Joe?"—the prisoner said something, I did not bear what, and nodded his head towards Oddy—Oddy then went towards him, and as he went a man standing at the side of the door said to Oddy, "Mind, Jack, what you are about, he has got a stick or a poker behind him"—the prisoner eould hear that—Oddy went on, and said, "I will stick him," meaning that be would take the stick from him—he then went out at the door—the people inside ran out at the other door—I followed Oddy out at the same door as he went out at—I do not think anybody else went out at that door—Oddy went towards the prisoner—in going out at the door the prisoner backtd away from the door till he got within a foot or two of the corner of the street, five or six yards from the door—when Oddy got to the prisoner he put his left hand on the prisoner's shoulder and the other behind him to feel what he had got under the tail of his coat, saying, "Give it us Joe," or something, "like a man"—I heard the words, "Like a man"—it was said quite in a calm manner—the prisoner then punched him, as I thought, two or three times in the stomach—I conld not say how many times—Oddy drew himself in and said he had a severe blow, he was stabbed—the prisoner was tripped up by a man, and as he went back a knife went out of his hand down a grating behind him—I could not see that it was a knife at the time, but I heard something fall—I put my arm down the area and got a knife up, which I gave to the policeman.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe the deceased was tipsy? A. I did not see him so fresh as he was at that time for some time before—I believe all the persons there were shoemakers—they were chaffing and joking within a few minutes—the prisoner was rather fresh—I cannot say how many men were with the deceased—I was not with him—I did not see the wooden-legged man take some coppers from the prisoner's pocket, nor hear of it till now—his name is Wood—they call him Tom Wood—I saw him at the corner of Newgate-street to-day.

Q. On the prisoner's return, after going away, did not one of the party say to the prisoner, "Now then, shopmate, here is the beer," and pretend to offer it to him? A. I think there was something of that said—I cannot say I saw the pot drawn away when he went for it—the prisoner seemed vexed when he

came back—he drew back as Oddy went to him—the whole party got up to go out, expecting there would be a row, as is generally the case with shoemakers when drunk, they generally have a fight—the man who gave the caution went out—when Oddy said, "I will stick him," he might have said, "I am determined to see what the rascal has got"—it was something of that—I think he did use the word, "rascal"—he was going to the door at the time—I did not see him collar the prisoner—I saw his hand on the top of hit shoulder and the other round him, and on that I immediately saw the punches in the belly.

JURY. Q. Was there any blood on the knife? A. I was so flurried, I gave it to the policeman immediately—it was a sharp pointed shoemaker's knife.





SAMUEL BOWDEN
. I am a boot-closer, and was at the Crow on the 9th of May, in company with Oddy—there were fourteen or fifteen there altogether—I just remember the prisoner coming in—we were drinking porter—I was talking to a person, and leaning against the bar—I looked now and then, and there was a little talking between them—I heard that Carter wished to drink, and Oddy told him he was either a spunging beggar or character, and refused to let him drink—there was a little bit of a scuffle, but no blows, it was keeping him off the pot, as he wanted to drink a second time—he called him the same as before—the prisoner turned round to Wood, and said, "Joe, do you know me to be a sponger?"—Wood said, "I never knew you to be anything elie"—the prisoner made a bit of a stamp with his foot on the floor, and left the house—he came back in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—he stood outside the door, with the door bent in, and Wood said, "Do you want me Joe—he said, "No! I want Oddy"—previous to that, somebody said he had a poker, and somebody said he had a stick behind him, and cautioned Oddy not to go—Spencer held a quart pot out with some beer in it, and said, Joe come in and drink, and be a man"—Joe said, "No, I shall not"—Oddy then followed out, and I being the furthest from the door, was one of the last out—when I got out the injury had been done—the first person who spoke to me was Oddy—he said, "Bowden, I have got a violent blow in the belly"—the prisoner was down on the ground at that time—I do not know whether he heard it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Oddy, I suppose, was quiet all the way through? A. He was in liquor, and the prisoner had been drinking evidently, he was the worse for liquor—I did not hear Oddy call him a rascal—he did not catch hold of him in my presence—I have broken my arm—that did not happen on this occasion, I slipped down on Sunday fortnight coming out of the Crow—I had been drinking then, and might be drunk—when Oddy went out, I went out with the rest to see what was going to happen between him and the prisoner—I was sober.





THOMAS SPENCER
. I am a boot-closer, and was at die Crow talking to Oddy when the prisoner came up to him—Oddy said to him, "I will give you none of this beer, go home, and work for it as I do," and called him a spunging fellow—I was quite sober—I had not been there ten minutes—the prisoner turned round to Wood, and said, "Tom, did you ever know me a sponger?"—Wood replied, he never knew anything better of him, for he never had any money—there was no abusive language on Oddy's part—Carter stood on the right hand side of Oddy, and used some very abusive language to him—no blows were struck—Carter went out—in about three minutes I and two others followed him out—he went to the right towards White-street—as he walked along, I heard him make the reply, "D—your eyes; I will fetch something that will do for you."

Q. You call it a "reply," did anybody speak to him? A. No—but Oddy,

Shaw and me stood on the curb and we laughed, and we thought that was in reply to our laugh, as be turned round on our laughing, and used that expression—I saw him come back in, I should say, from seven to ten minutes—we bad then all three gone back to the house—he came, and looked in at the door—I saw bis right hand under the tail of his coat—there was a man sitting on a tub by the side of the door, who said, "He has got a stick or a poker behind him"—Wood walked towards him, and said, "Do you want me, Joe"—he replied, "No, Oddy"—I was talking to Oddy when I heard the reply—I turned round, and looked at the man—I took up the pot, stepped towards biro, and said, "Here, shopmate, drink, come in, and be sociable"—he said, "No, I shan't"—I then went up to Oddy, and said, "I will go out at the other door, and see what he has got," and as I stood at the other door, he beckoned with his head towards Oddy—Oddy stepped towards him, and said, "What do you want with me?" and followed him out—as I was going out at the door, I saw Oddy step off the step—I said to Oddy, "Do not go near him, I think he has got a knife"—I then saw bim make a thrust at Oddy with his right hand—Oddy was doing nothing with his hands at that time that I noticed, in the least—I did not observe his hands on or near the prisoner—they stood within a very short distance of one another—I put my hand on the post at the corner of New Union-street, seeing the prisoner backing towards New Union-street, and I tripped him up—he fell on his back, and the knife fell from his right band.





JAMES SHAW
. I was at the Crow, and saw the prisoner take hold of the pot which Oddy's beer was in—there was a chaffing and wrangling—I went oat with Spencer, when the prisoner went out—we all laughed together, and Carter said, "D—n you, I will fetch something that will do for you"—he went towards White-street—he lives in Reynolds-court, Ropemaker-street—he was going in a direction for bis own house, which is a hundred or a hundred and fifty yards from the Crow—he came back in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I saw him come to the door—I did not hear him call Oddy—Wood went to him, and asked if he wanted him—he said, "No"—he beckoned towards the deceased with his head—Spencer offered him some beer—I saw Oddy go out to him, and Carter backed out with his right hand behind him—Oddy followed him for two or three yards—Spencer exclaimed, "For God's sake, Jack, don't go near bim, he has got a knife"—the prisoner instantly gave Oddy a thrust on bis left side—he was about half a yard from him at that time.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLAKTINE. Q. You are in the shoe business? A. Yes—I was joining in laughing and jeering at the prisoner—we laughed at what he said, not making fun of him—I did not see any money taken from the prisoner's pocket.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. What were you laughing at? A. Carter said to Wood, "What do you know of me?"—Wood said, "I know nothing of you but a spunger, you have never got any money."





THOMAS RIGBY
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Reynolds-court, Ropemaker-street. The prisoner lodged and slept in the same room with me—on Tuesday evening, the 19th of May, I went out, leaving him at supper—I came back—he was not there then—I was in bed about ten minutes after ten o'clock, and it could not be long after that that he came in, for I bad lighted a very small bit of candle, and it was still burning—he rapped at the door—I said, "Joe, is that you?"—he said, "Yes"—I asked if he was coming to bed—he said, "No"—he came up stairs as if he was drunk—he walked across to his seat and took a knife from his tools—I saw it in his hand—T asked what he was going to do with it—he said it was no business of mine, and went away—I was going to stop bim from going out with it, but he went out quickly.


Cross-examined. Q. Did he appear to be drank? A. Yes, I considered to.





DANIEL BLAY
 (City police-constable, No. 150.) I was on duty near by Crow on Tuesday night—I saw the prisoner come out and go towards White-street—as he passed roe I heard him say, "D—your eyes, I will do for you"—in consequence of what happened afterwards, I went outside the Crow aad gaw Oddy—Matthews gave me a knife, which I gave to Martin—that now produced is the same—there was no blood on it when I saw it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did this expression appear to be addressed to anybody? A. To himself—if I bad thought it referred to anybody I should have interfered.





THOMAS LLOYD
. I am a surgeon, and live in Basinghall-street The deceased was brought to my house on Tuesday, the 19th—he had two wounds, one serious, and the other superficial—his death was caused by a wound on the left side of his belly, a little below the ribs—the knife produced could have caused that wound—it could hare been drawn out again withoa* having been made bloody—I saw him after he was dead.

Cross-examined. Q. One wound was purely superficial? A. Yes.




GUILTY
of Manslaughter.
—



Transported for Life.

