




1513. 




THOMAS ROGERS
 and 




CHARLES EVANS



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Whittington, and stealing 1 hat and 2 coats, value 6l.5s.; his goods: 1 coat, 17s.; the goods of 



Stephen Frederick Whittington: and 1 coat, 30s.; the goods of 



Constantine Wright: Evans having been before convicted: to which


ROGERS pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.






SAMUEL WHITTINGTON
. I live at 13, Clarendon-square, Somers-town, in parish of St. Paneras; it is my father (George Whittington's) dwelling-house. On the morning of 2d July, I found the street-door open, and on

the mat I found two hats, and missed three coats—I had come in five minutes before, and they were then safe—I ran out, ran round the corner, and saw the two prisoners walking very deliberately along—Rogers had the coats in a large bag under his coat—I called out, "Stop thief!"—Rogers threw the coats away—he was afterwards taken—the bag was picked up, and it contained three coats; one of them, and a hat, was mine, another my father's, and another Constantine Wright's—I and my mother were the only persons up at the time—there is a latch to the door.

Evans, Q. How can you swear it was me walking with Rogers? A. I saw your face; you looked under your arm in Middlesex-street—I was within five yards of you—some skeleton keys were found on Rogers—Evans got away.





JOHN O'BRIEN
 (policeman, S 96). I was in Middlesex-street, Somers-town—I heard a cry of" Stop thief!" saw Rogers, and stopped him—I found on him five keys; some of them are latch-keys, I have not tried them—the prosecutor said that none of them would undo the door.





JEREMIAH LOCKERBY
 (policeman, S 180). I received information on 2d July, and looked after Evans for five weeks; I took him on 8th Aug., and told him the charge; he said he knew nothing about it—I have frequently seen the two prisoners together; they are well acquainted—I have known them for years—Evans has lived in Somers-town for some years, and after this he was not to be seen.





JOHN HAMMOND
, (policeman, S 96). On 2d July, about a quarter before eight o'clock, I saw the two prisoners come out from the doorway of No. 13—an alarm was given shortly after—I knew Evans previously, and intended to follow him before the cry was given seeing something hanging on his arm which appeared to me like a coat—when the cry was given Rogers threw the bag away, and both ran together into Middlesex-street; on getting there Rogers ran into the constable's arms—Evans turned back, ran down another street, and got away.

Evans. Q. Where were you when you first saw the two men come from the doorway? A. At No. 23, opposite, about forty or fifty yards off—I followed and saw you turn the corner—I did not see you afterwards till you were in custody—I got within eight or nine yards of you—I had a view of you the whole time, and am quite positive you are the man.





RICHARD SMEED
. I saw both prisoners coming in a direction from No. 13—I was close to them—Evans had something on his arm, and Rogers had a bag in his hand, and as they turned the corner Evans put the coat from his arm into the bag—I was sitting in my shop—I immediately followed, and was within ten yards of them until they were taken—Rogers dropped the bag at my feet; I picked it up, and followed Evans some distance, but did not take him.





SAMUEL WHITTINGTON

re-examined. I know these coats—this is mine, this Wright's, and the other my father's—one of these hats is mine, and the other my father's.

Evans's Defence. I know nothing about it; I was not taken till five days after, or I could have proved where I was; I was not away from home one night.





GEORGE LANGDON
 (policeman, N 265). I produce a certificate—(read—


John Harden convicted Dec, 1847, and confined one year)—I was present at the trial—Evans is the person.

EVANS—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

