



1318. 



JAMES PLUNKETT



, stealing 15 spoons and 2 pairs of sugartongs, value 10l. 10s.;the goods of 



Henry Lewis Christopher Meyer, in his dwelling-house; having been before convicted.






CAROLINE HUGHES.
 I am servant to Henry Lewis Christopher Meyer, of Stafford-place, Pimlico. The prisoner came and asked if my master and mistress were at home—I said no, they were gone out together—he said Mrs. Meyer told him to call for his sister who was coming in the afternoon—I asked if Mrs. Meyer had told him so—he said yes, and he was to stay till his sister came—I had seen him there twice before, and knew his sister by coming there—I asked him into the parlour—he would not go in there, and went into

the kitchen with me—I afterwards went up stairs, leaving him there—I was the only person in the house—in about ten minutes I heard the street-door slam, ran down stairs, and found he was gone—I missed five table-spoons, ten tea-spoons, and the sugar-tongs, ail silver, from the kitchen cupboard—I saw them safe just before I let him in—I did not see him again.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you come down once for a can of water? A. Yes; I went up again in a minute—a lodger came in, he lets himself in with a key; other people get in by knocking.

MARY MEYER. I am the wife of Henry Lewis Christopher Meyer. This house is his dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Margaret, Westminster—I recollect the day the plate was lost—I did not tell the prisoner he might go to my house that day—his sister did live with me as servant—I lost spoons and sugar-tongs worth 11l. 10s.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you tell me to come at two o'clock, to dine with you? A. Certainly not—I did not kiss you, or tell you to come at two o'clock, and wait till your sister came.





CHARLES TAPPIN
 (policeman.) About ten o'clock on Wednesday evening, 10th May, I took the prisoner—I told him the charge—he said, "You have not got me to rights, for you have not got the property."

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it.





WILLIAM JONES
 (policeman, D 157.) I produce a certificate—(read—James Knight convicted, Sept., 1847, of stealing spoons, and confined six months;—I was present—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY.—


Transported for Ten Years.

