




174. 



JAMES GIBSON, the younger
, 

stealing at 

St. Clement Dance, 1 brooch and 3 rings, value 15l. 15s., the goods of 



Samuel Lovett, his master: and 1 watch and guard-chain and seal, value 7l. the goods of 



Samuel Robert Lovett, from his dwelling-house; and 



JAMES GIBSON. the elder
, 

feloniously receiving the same.






MARY ANN LOVETT.
 I am wife of Samuel Lovett, surgeon, of Clare-street, Clare-market—it is his dwelling-house. On Thursday, 21st Oct., the elder prison came, and brought the younger prisoner to my husband, as errandboy—we engaged him—we had no character with him—we took him on his father's recommendation—he said he was well known by people in the neighbourhood—he had to carry the medicine out, and clean the windows and shoes—on the following Tuesday I placed a silver watch on the dining-room mantelpiece—the boy had been cleaning the bed-room window where my jewellery was, on the Monday—he left on the Tuesday without notice—he was hired by the week—after he was gone I missed a brooch and diamond-ring, worth from 6l. to 12l. a pearl-ring, a mourning-ring, and watch and guard, worth 6l. or 8l.—they were in my looking-glass drawer, in my bedroom—he must have gone from one room into the other to take them—they were safe half an hour before they were lost—the prisoner did not come back—there were wages due to him.

James Gibson, Sen. Q. Did not I wish you to make inquiries about my son on his entering your services? A. No, you told me you were well known to the inhabitants, but I found no one knew you—you did not produce testimonials to me—you mentioned the name of Mr. Sinclair—I was to give the boy 5s. a week—you said he might be leaving in six months' time.





ELIZABETH WADEY.
 I am single, and am in Mrs. Lovett's service. On Monday morning, 25th Oct., about ten o'clock, I placed some rights and a brooch in a glass drawer in the bedroom—the same afternoon my mistress asked me where I had put the rings—I said, in the boy's presence, "in the looking-glass drawer"—next day he went up to clean the bedroom window—I left him, and went to dinner—he went out, and never came back—I went to the drawer within half an hour, the rings were gone—he had been cleaning windows in the adjoining room.

James Gibson, Jun. Q. Did you never steal lozenges out of shop, and give me some? A. Never—I did take some tamarinds one morning—the shopman came into my bedroom one night when I was going to bed.





CHARLES CRISP.
 I am a labourer, at Coburg-terrace, Westminster. On a Wednesday or Thursday, at the letter end of the last month, I saw the elder prisoner in White Lion-street—he showed me a silver guard like this (produced)—I cannot swear this is it—he asked me if could sell it—I took it into two or three different places, but could not get more than 3s. 6d.—I returned it to him, and said I could get 4s. for it—I afterwards sold it for 4s. to Mr. Haines—when he gave it me, there was a watch to it—he took it off, and put the watch in his pocket—he did not let me ha✗ the watch—he told me i.e found it, he did not say where—there was a little guard to it, with a

seal, with a sort of reddish stone, which he gave me with it, but I dropped it out of my hand.

James Gibson, Sen. I produced no watch. Witness. It was similar to a watch—it was at night.





WILLIAM HAINES.
 I am greengrocer, at Little White Lion-street. On 26th or 27th Oct. Crisp brought a guard to me—I cannot say whether this is it—I did not see it many minutes—I sent it to a watchmakers, to know what it was worth—I gave 4s. for it, and then sent it by my wife to the watchmaker's to be repaired—it was returned in two days—I believe this to be the same—I kept it a week afterwards, and then gave it to the officer—this has been mended.

James Gibson, Sen. Q. Who was the watchmaker? A. Mr. Ronald, of Little St. Andrew's-street—he lives next door to Neal's and Smith's.





JOSEPH THOMPSON.
 (policeman 62.) On the night of 3rd Nov. I went to 8, Conduit-court, Long-acre, to the first floor—the elder prisoner opened the room door—I said, "Is Jim (meaning the younger prisoner) at home?"—he said, "No," and asked me what I wanted—I told him I thought my boy had gone to the theatre, and I thought his boy had gone with him—his wife said it was a policeman, and he said I should not come in—he ultimately answered me out of the window—he afterwards opened the door—I went into the room and said, "I want your boy Jim"—he pointed to a boy sitting on the bed, and said, "There is my boy"—I said, "You have got another"—he said, "I have got no other boy but that"—I looked under the bed, and found the younger prisoner—I took him to the station—the elder prisoner followed—I took him, placed him at the bar, and told him he was charged with receiving a watch and guard, and selling it to Crisp—he said he knew nothing about it.

James Gibson, Sen. I had no bed; we were lying on straw. Witness. There was a bedstead, which the younger prisoner laid under, and there was a rug in another corner—they appeared to sleep in their clothes.

J. Gibson, Jun.'s Defence. I left on account of the late hours I had to work, having wounds on my legs, and not being able to stand; and I was obliged to go about the neighbourhood to get rum and brandy on credit, and the people would not let me have it, and said I did not come from Mr. Lovett at all; I gave the shopman my address when I left; he wrote it down in Mrs. Lovett's presence.

MRS. LOVETT.
re-examined. He did not say he wounds in his legs, and could not walk.

James Gibson, Sen.'s Defence. I am innocent; my boy left because I did not wish him to stop; he left his address with the shopman; he would have been at sea now if it had not been for this; this is not the chain that I had; the watch-maker is not here; there is a person in his employ who takes things out of night for sale; the chain I had had longer links.

MRS. LOVETT.
re-examined. Mine was a silver guard-chain—this is very much like it—it was on the watch.

JAMES GIBSON, Jun.—

Guilty.



Transported for Seven Years.



JAMES GIBSON, Sen.—


NOT GUILTY.

