




1863. 




MARY WRIGHT
 and 




SARAH NEALE
 were again indicted for

 stealing 1 jacket, value 3s.; and two handkerchiefs, 5s.; the goods of 



James Moore; and that they had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES MOORE
. I went to this house on the night of the 14th of June—I had a jacket, and a handkerchief in my jacket pocket, and a handkerchief round my neck—I took nothing but my jacket, shoes, and cap off—I left the handkerchief round my neck—I slept with Wright—when I awoke my jacket, and the handkerchief from my neck were also gone—I was sober enough to know what I was doing—I awoke about six in the morning, and spoke to Wright about the jacket—she told me she would give me the ticket of it—I went down stairs, and asked Neale where my things were gone—she was going to strike me with something from the fire-place.





HENRY READ
. I am shopman to Mr. Wood, of Ratcliff-highway. I produce the jacket. Between seven and eight o'clock in the morning of the 15th of June, Wright and two other girls came and pawned it—Wright put it on the counter.





JAMES MALIN
 (police-constable K 99.) I found Wright—I told her I wanted her for stealing a jacket and two handkerchiefs—she said the prosecutor came to Neale's last night with another girl, and left his jacket; that Neale called her to come and sleep with him, and she got the jacket from Neale in the morning—I called Neale up stairs, and she brought the ticket in her hand—she said he came home last night with Irish Nell, and left his jacket to pay for the bed, and she fetched Wright to sleep with him.





JAMES MOORE

re-examined. I did not leave the jacket to pay for the bed—I had 10s. in my pocket, and was to pay her in the morning—she said she was satisfied with that.

Wright's Defence. I was standing at the corner, and Neale asked me to sleep with the man, and he had left his jacket to pay for the bed; I said I would; I got up at half-past seven o'clock, and got the jacket from Neale;

it was in a box under the bed; I took it, and got 3s. on it; I never saw the handkerchiefs or money.

Neale's Defence. The prosecutor came to my house with a girl; they could not agree, and he said he would leave his jacket, that he was too late for his lodging; I said, "Are you agreeable to leave your jacket?"—he said, "Yes, I will satisfy the girl in the morning," and in the morning she came down and asked for the jacket; I said it was under the bed; she took it out; he came down, and began cursing and swearing; I had neither poker nor tongs in my room; he began to strike about; I said I would show him where the girl lived.





WILLIAM BROOKS
 (police-constable K 364.) I produce a certificate of Wright's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.





SAMUEL LEWIS
 (police-constable K 155.) I produce a certificate of Neale's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


NEALE—


GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Ten Years.

