




2731. 




MICHAEL BROSNAN
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of December, 56lbs. weight of soap, value 1l. 5s., the goods of 



Robert Charles, his master: and 





JOHN MASON



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT CHARLES
. I am a soap-manufacturer in High-street, Wapping, my premises are by the river-side, close to where the Tunnel will open, at the bottom of Old Gravel-lane; the back of the premises is bounded by Brewhouse-lane—Brosnan has been in my employ about two years, and was employed in the fancy soap-manufactory, which was then at the back of the premises adjoining Brewhouse-lane—there is another soap-maker's at the top of Old Gravel-lane, and a small manufactory about the centre of Old Gravel-lane, but not very near my premises. On the 23rd of September, the witness Austin called at my counting-house, and gave me some information—I directed him to go and look among my men—he came back and gave me some further information—in consequence of what he told me, I called Brosnan before me, not in Austin's presence—my son, who was in the counting-house, first said to him, "You have robbed us"—he replied, "You cannot prove that"—I immediately said, "That is no answer, you have robbed me"—he turned exceedingly pale and became much agitated—he caught hold of the bars in the counting-house before the desk, and after a little while he said, "It is too true;" or I have robbed you"—I cannot exactly say which of the two sentences he uttered, but either one or the other he certainly said—I asked him to what extent—he said, "Not to much"—I said, was it to the extent of 5cwt.?—he said, it might be—I said, perhaps it was half a ton, for I began to be a little alarmed—he said, yes, it might be half a ton—I then said to him, "Now, it will be better for you to tell the whole"—I afterwards desired him to go to his work, and sent for an officer—he was taken into custody about ten minutes afterwards—after being in custody about a fortnight he was discharged—he never had any authority to sell any soap—from the extent of my stock a considerable quantity might easily be taken away without its being missed.





WILLIAM AUSTIN
. I have lodged with the prisoner Mason at three different places—in December last I lodged with him at No. 19, Angel-place, Blackfriars-road—I have seen Brosnan there a great number of times in and previous to December last—I have heard Brosnan remark to Mason that he should be up stairs in the forepart of the week, and he would send him a note and let him know when to come down, and there has been a note come—I have heard Mason's wife say that she had had a letter from

Wapping, and he must go down—he has said, "I will go," and he has taken his basket and been to Wapping—I have heard his wife say she had had a letter from Mike—Brosnan was called Mike—Mason has on those occasions taken the basket away empty, and returned with it sometimes full and sometimes not full, of yellow soap—he had two baskets which he used to go with—one would hold about half a cwt. or a little more, and the other about a cwt.—Brosnan generally came to Mason's on Sundays—they generally had a glass of something to drink—Mason has been to me a number of times and said, "Will you lend me half-a-sovereign or a sovereign to pay this man?" I have done it, and he has returned the money to me—I remember a man called Patty being there—he is an Irish-man—Patrick, I believe, is his right name—he goes by the name of Patty—he has been there a good many times—on one occasion when Patty was there, Mason said to his wife, "Move the soap into the kitchen, and don't let Patty know we get any from Wapping"—I remember the day on which Mason was apprehended—I watched his house for some time after that, and I law the prisoner Brosnan leave the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Where was Mason living then? A. At No. 3, Norfolk-street, New Cut—I did not lodge with him there—the last place I lodged with him at was No. 19, Angel-place, before that I lodged with him at No. 44, I believe, Lant-street, Borough, and also in Red Cross-street, Borough—he kept a chandler's-shop when he lived in Red Cross-street—I was there three weeks, and then he moved—no soap came there from Wapping, to my knowledge, nor to Lant-street, to my knowledge—all I saw was at Angel-place—he went to Angel-place on the 5th of March last year, and I lodged with him there from that time till about eight weeks ago—he had the whole house, and I had furnished apartments in it, with my wife and my wife's sister—there were no other lodgers—my wife is since dead—neither my wife or her sister were present at any of the conversations I have mentioned—they occurred in Mason's room down stairs, and on Sunday mornings—my wife died on the 27th of May, and then I was only a single man lodger—none of these conversations occurred before that—my wife's sister was not lodging there at the time these conversations occurred—I moved into the back-room after my wife's death—no other lodger came to the house, not to pay—a female lodged with Mason's wife for one night—I cannot say how soon after May it was that the first conversation about Wapping occurred, but I should say not for six weeks or two months—I am perfectly sure of that—it was not on a Sunday that the basket was taken out—I had a great deal of work to do.

Q. What time in the day was the basket taken out after you heard the wife say a letter had come from Wapping? A. Sometimes I left off work at half-past five o'clock—that is our regular hour, and about a quarter before six I returned home, and I have seen Mason take the basket, likewise I have seen him send a young man with a basket to Wapping—it was always in the evening I saw it, after I came from work—he was gone about two hours and a half—I have had a quarrel with him—he did not turn me put of the house—I paid my rent honourably every week—he never called in the police to get me out of the house—I swear that—I was never taken into custody by the police by his directions—I have been in custody of the police, but was never taken out of that house—he did give me in charge of the police, about nine days after I left—it was in the court

—he charged me with accusing him of a robbery and an assault—I do not know what he charged me with—I was locked up—he said I had assaulted him—I was in the station-house all night, and then went before a Magistrate, and was bound over to keep the peace.

Q. Did that make you angry with him? A. Not a bit of it—do you think I care about 2s.?—I do not know that he ever made any other charge against me than that.

Q. What was that you said about a robbery? A. I told you that he had me locked no because I accused him of being a thief, or receiving stolen goods, and an assault—I did accuse him of receiving stolen goods nine days before he charged me with the assault—he brought an action against me—at least I had a piece of paper.

Q. Had you been locked up in the station-house before you went to Mr. Charles? A. Yes—the action was not brought against me for a fortnight after I went to Mr. Charles—I know Messrs. Price—Mason did not work for them at the time he sent me to the station—I do not know how long ago he worked for them—I went down there, and Mr. Price was not at home, and I wrote a note to Sir Charles Price—that was before I was put into the station—it was after I had left his lodging—I did not leave the lodging on account of any quarrel—Mr. Price came to me in consequence of the note I had written to him—I do not know how soon it was after I left the prisoner's lodgings—it must have been within nine days—he did not continue in Messrs. Prices' service, notwithstanding what I said to Mr. Price—he had warning at that time—I have seen Mr. Price a good many times—I saw him yesterday.

Q. Do you mean to tell me distinctly, on your oath, that you have no malice or ill-will against this man, for "locking you up? A. No, nor any man in this world have I ever had a moment's malice with—I get my living by hard work—I am an engine-smith—I worked for Mr. Cisterson, of Southwark-bridge, for five years—I left him three months ago—I am now working at Mr. Nolan's, in Guildford-street, at the corner of Essex-street, in the Borough—I have been in the station three or four times, or it may be five times, because I sometimes take a little drop too much—I always go to the station for protection—I am never taken by a policeman, nor ever fined the penalty—I may have paid 1s.—I have never been locked up in gaol for it—I have never been locked up for any thing besides being drunk—stay a minute, I will just tell you (considering)—no I do not think I was ever locked up in my life, except it was for a little drop too much—I swear I have never been in any prison or gaol—I am nearly twenty-two years old—I have not been a smith all my life—I formerly worked in a cloth-manufactory in the country—my grandfather was a master clothier—my friends became bank-rupts, and I came up to London to seek my fortune—I first went to the Life-Guards, to try to get a situation, and then turned smith—Eastman was the young man who Mason sometimes sent for the soap—he was in Mason's service some time, backwards and forwards—I cannot exactly say how long, not a great deal—when Mason could not go himself, he used to send Eastman—he did not live in the house—I did not know him before he came to Mason's—I have not been acquainted with him since, further than giving him the time of day when we met, but not to have any thing to drink with him but once, and then Mason and I and he had a drop of something together—I was never in Horsemonger-lane gaol, no further than going to see the prisoners

and debtors there—I have been into almost all the gaols in London—I was never a prisoner there—I do not believe I was ever confined there for an assault—I have been at the Sessions-house for a drunken assault—I was not taken up last December for an assault on some soldiers.





JAMES EASTMAN
. I live at No. 8, Tower-street, Vauxhall. In December last I was in Mason's service—he first employed me to go with him to fetch some soap—we went to Wapping, to the back entrance of Mr. Charles's premises—when I went with him he left me, and I did not see where he went for the soap—I do not know that he went to Mr. Charles's then, but I know he did go there, because I have gone by myself at other times with a note which he has given me to receive soap—when he gave me a note I went to Mr. Charles's back premises, and knocked—Brosnan opened the door, I delivered the note to him, and he took my basket and filled it—I received 56lbs. of soap each time I went, sometimes more, and sometimes less—before that I had gone with Mason on various occasions—he has gone away, and when he came back he bad a basket full of soap, sometimes 1/2 cwt., and sometimes 3/4—I delivered the soap which Brosnan gave me to Mason—the 18th of January was the last time I went with a note—I cannot say how many times I had brought soap before that, but I had brought it away for about five weeks by myself—I do not know whether the soap I brought on the 18th was marked or not—some of the soap was—I have heard Mason say it was Mr. Charles's mark, and it was to be cleaned—I cannot read myself, or else I could have made it out—it has been cleaned before I delivered it to the shops—by cleaning, I suppose he meant the mark was to be cleaned off—I delivered the soap to him, and went home, and next day, perhaps, I went to deliver it to the shop-keepers for him—Mason did not keep any shop at that time—I have not said any thing to Brosnan when I have gone for the soap—he has delivered the soap to me, and I have delivered to him the money—sometimes half-a-sovereign, and sometimes a sovereign—I cannot say what particular money I delivered on the 18th—sometimes they settled between them—I do not know when—I have been to Mason's house sometimes on Sunday but was not in the habit of doing so—I have never seen Brosnan there at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What are you? A. A labourer—I am not in employ at present, through this case, or else I should have been—the last master I worked for was Mr. Brock, a builder, about six months ago—I have been working on my own account since—I have had a horse and cart working in the country with fish—I have been tried and convicted, and sent to the hulks at Woolwich—that is ten years ago—I did not know till the last week that this was not an honest transaction—I did not know it was a dishonest transaction when I first went—I did not know till lately that the door I went to was a back door—I did not live in that neighbourhood, nor did I know the warehouse—I did not know Brosnan before—I went there and handed in a basket, and sometimes paid something—I believed it was an honest transaction until the last week.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. You first used to go with Mason? A. Yes, at all hours in the day—I have been at half-past seven o'clock in the morning—Mason lived in the Borough when he first employed me, I think in Lant-street—that was about three months before last chirstmas—I went with him for about a mouth, and then I used to go by

myself for about five weeks—the 18th of January was the last time I went—I then left off, because I got a job, and did not think it worth while going—Mason used to pass to me as a commission-traveller—I have known him nine years—he has only passed as a commission-traveller about two years—before that he kept a shop in Red-cross-street, Borough—I do not know of his doing anything else—I used to carry the soap to the shops—Mason used to sell it before he sent me with it—I received the money and carried it back to Mason when I received it—I have taken soap and received the money about twelve times, or it may be twenty, I do not know—the first house Mason lived in, he kept the soap under the stairs in the coal-cellar, and in the last house he used to keep it in the kitchen—it was when he lived in Lant street that he first got me to help him—it was about two or three months before Christmas last, that it first began with me.

Q. Do you mean that he was living in Lant-street then? A. No, a good bit before that—I do not know exactly how long he has lived in the last house—I cannot call it to mind—I have been to his house in Angel-place on a Sunday—I was never there when Austin was there—I cannot say now whether he ever sent me to fetch soap in Austin's presence—Austin was a single man lodger, and he might be up stairs for what I know—I do not recollect that he ever told me in Austin's presence to go and fetch soap—when Mason lived in Angel-place I sometimes went to fetch the soap in the evening—about four or five o'clock in the winter time, never later than that—I do not know what time Mr. Charles's manufactory shuts up—I was never told to mind and be there before the men went away—I have never started from Angel-place later than five, I am quite certain of that—Mason would not have employed me to go if he had thought I should be too late—I know Austin by sight—I have drank with him and Mason five or six times, I suppose, sometimes at Mason's, and sometimes out—I do not know that I have ever drank with them on a Sunday—we have drank at two public-houses in the New-cut—I never drank with Austin alone—I drank with him this morning and yesterday—I do not know where he lives—I live in Tower-street, and have done so for three years—I have never been taken up except the time I was sent to the hulks—I have my pardon in my pocket, and I received 2l. when I came away, which I should not have done if I bad not behaved myself—I have obtained an honest living for the last nine years—I was not taken in custody on this charge—I have had no conversation with Austin about it—Austin had nothing at all to do with me.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Were you discharged from the hulks before your time? A. Yes, I only served four years and five months out of seven years—I got out through my good behaviour.





JAMES FOGG
. I am an inspector of the Thames-police. I apprehended Mason at his house in Norfolk-street, Blackfriars-road, on the 10th of October—I had been to his house about a dozen times before, but was not able to see him—I made an arrangement with his wife, not in my police dress, and saw him—I then took him, and told him that we were come to take him into custody for receiving a quantity of soap belonging to Mr. Charles, of Wapping, from a man who went by the name of Mike, who worked for Mr. Charles—he said he did not know such a man—I told him he was a tall man, with a patch on his eye—he said he knew nothing of him—he was afterwards placed in company with Brosnan at the office—they

appeared to know each other then—he spoke to him—Brosnan had previously been apprehended and discharged—in consequence of information on the following Sunday, I went on the Friday to Mason's house, and saw Brosnan and his wife go into Mason's house, remain there some time, and then come out again—when I apprehended Mason, and told him what it was for, he said he knew nothing of it, but he knew who bad done it—his wife came in at the time, and she said, "Yes, that fellow at the top of the street" (meaning Austin), and Mason said Austin bad done it—Austin's name was mentioned several times by Mason—I told him we had a man named Eastman in custody—he said he knew nothing about him—I asked if he knew him, he had been a porter—he said he knew nothing about him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Did he not say Austin had towed revenge, and he knew who had done it? A. No, I do not think he did—he said nothing about Austin's expressions of revenge towards him—it was not true that Eastman was in custody—I said so to him, to know if he knew any thing about it—I told a falsehood.





JAMES CHRISTOPHER EVANS
. I was present when Mason was apprehended—Fogg said, "Don't you know Milk?"—he said, "No"—I did not hear all that passed—I was searching the room, and went out on the landing—after I had done searching the place I sat down, waiting for Mrs. Mason to come in, and I said, "Well, Mason, don't you know any thing of Mike?"—he said, "Well, I know there is such a man, but I don't know any thing of him."

MR. CHAMBERS
called






EDWARD KING
. I am warehouseman to Messrs. Price. Mason was in their employ as warehouseman from September 10th, 1840, to September 11th, 1841, this year—he came at six o'clock in the morning precisely, and never left till eight in the evening, except the hour for dinner—there was no other time allowed for meals during the day—it was my business to be in the warehouse, so as to know that he was there—he was the most regular man from his meals that we had on the premises, and he bore one of the very best of characters for honesty.
(William Lindsay, York-street, York-square, Commercial-road; David Roomey, Queen-street, Chelsea; William Francis, Limehouse; Henry Aston, Charles-street, Covent-garden; and George William Rider, Felix-street, Somers town; also deposed to Mason's good character.)

BROSNAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 47

MASON—


GUILTY
. Aged 33




Transported for Ten Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

