









1104. 




ROBERT CRAWLEY,



 EDMUND BROWN,



 THOMAS HARRIS
, and 




JOHN DAVIS
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Alfred Staines Pigeon, at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, about the hour of one in the night of the 
13th of February, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 shawls, value 2l.; 1 brooch, value 10s.; 1 thimble, value 2s.; 1 purse, value 1s. 6d.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 1 piece of damask, value 5s.; 1 table-cover, value 5s.; 2 gowns, value 30s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 5s.; 1 penknife, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 sovereign, and 1 half-sovereign, the goods of 




Sarah Matilda Kendall: 1 gown, value 1l. 1s.; 1 boa, value 1l.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 2 brooches, value 6s.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 10s.; 1 purse, value 1s. 6d.; 1 umbrella, value 5s.; 1 scarf, value 10s.; 9 yards of cotton, value 5s.; 1 night-gown, value 3s.; 2 thimbles, value 4s.; 1 penknife, value 2s. 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 




Elizabeth Ann Hudson: 1 pistol, value 4s., the goods of 



Frederick Crafts: and 4 forks, value 3l.; 11 spoons, value 3l. 10s.; 1 toastrack, value 10s.; 3 half-pounds weight of tea, value 15s.; 1 tea-pot, value 10s.; and 2 table-cloths, value 1l. 5s.; the goods of the said Alfred Staines Pigeon; and that Harris had been before convicted of felony: and 




RHODA WELLS



, for feloniously receiving 1 handkerchief, and 1 pair of ear-rings, part of the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.: and 



EMMA ELIZABETH DUDLEY
, for feloniously receiving 1 purse, part of the said goods, knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.

MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH MATILDA KENDALL
. I live as cook in the service of Mr. Alfred Staines Pigeon, in High-street, Borough, in the parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark. On the night of the 12th of February I went to bed between eleven and twelve o'clock—I saw that the fastenings of the house were quite secure at that time—I got up next morning at eight, or a few minutes past—I found the house had been entered by the knife-room window, a square of glass was cut out, through which the window could be unfastened—the window was open—the knife-room communicates with the kitchen—I missed from the kitchen some table-forks, fifteen dessert-spoons, some dessert-forks, and tea-spoons, all silver, a tea-pot, a toast-rack, and a wax-candle from the pantry-drawer, a handkerchief from the kitchen-dresser, and some ear-ring tops from the table-drawer in the kitchen—they were ray own—I also missed of my own, two shawls, one silk dress, a gold brooch, a pair of jet ear-rings, a silver thimble, a sovereign, and a half-sovereign in gold, some silver, a bead-purse, a penknife, with a tortoise-shell handle, and two pair of black cotton stockings—the value of the things I lost was 10l., and about 10l. worth of property belonging to my master—there was a pistol missed from the kitchen—the back of my master's premises adjoin the backs of the houses in Mint-street, Borough—my master occupies the whole house—no one was up before me in the morning, and I came down about eight.

Q. Was there anything to show that the parties who rummaged the premises had occasion for a light? A. Yes, a wax candle had been lighted, I because there were drops of wax on the kitchen-table, as if it had been burning—a piece of cotton-candle had also been lighted, and was left in the chimney—the wax-candle had been in the pantry-drawer over night—I had seen it there—it was a whole candle then—none of it was left—It was taken away altogether.





ELIZABETH ANN HUDSON
. I am house-maid to Mr. Pigeon. I came down stairs with Kendall about eight o'clock on the morning of the 13th of February—I found the knife-room window open, and some glass cut—immediately outside the window is a leaden gutter, which divides the roof of the distillery from the window—a person could get into the window very easily from the roof of the distillery—the back premises of my master's house adjoin the backs of the houses in Mint-street—I missed from the

kitchen one dress, a printed cotton dress unmade, a squirrel boa, a scarf, shawl, a square shawl, a bead-purse, a night-gown, and two pairs of black stockings—my things were worth about 6l.—each of us lost a bead purse from the pantry-drawer I missed a wax-candle, which I had seen safe the night before, after six o'clock, not later, to take notice of it—I went to bed between eleven and twelve—the candle was larger than wax candles usually are—I have since seen a piece of wax-candle produced by Twitchett, the policeman, and as far as I can judge, it appears to be the same.





EZRA TWITCHETT
 (police-constable B 114.) I apprehended Crawley and Brown on the 17th of February, about three o'clock in the morning, in the cellar of Mr. Piercey's public-house, St. George's-place, Knights-bridge—they had a piece of candle with them, which was alight when I first saw them, and Brown was carrying it—they blew it out previous to my taking them, and concealed themselves behind a gin-vat in the cellar—I searched near the vat, and found this crow-bar, n box of cigars, and this piece of wax-candle by the side of the gin-vat—I afterwards showed that pieced candle tp Mr. Pigeon's house-maid—a little while before I apprehended Crawley and Brown, I saw Harris and Davis on the opposite side of the way to Mr. Piercey's, and after that, two left the other two and went on the opposite side of the way—that was about one o'clock—I remained there watching—they separated about a quarter of an hour before they entered the house, which was about a quarter before two—I took Harris and Davis into custody about eleven that same morning, in the Broadway, Westminster, which is about a mile from Knightsbridge.

Crawley. He says he found us behind the vat; I was not behind a vat, it was a barrel; there was no vat in the cellar. Witness. He was behind a vat or barrel.

Harris. Q. How do you know Davis and I are the same two you saw? A. I am quite positive of you—I saw you all four together, and after that I saw you and Davis separately in St. George's-place, and passed you several times.





HENRY BAREFOOT
. I am an inspector of the B division of police. On the morning of the 17th of February, the four male prisoners were locked up in the cell at Queen-square office, and the two female prisoners brought refreshments to the four male prisoners—I desired two constables to take the two women to the station, and I followed in the rear—they gave their address as Nos. 10 and 11, New-square, Orchard-street, Westminster—Wells said No. 10—they accosted a girl on their way to the station, whose name I do not know, gave her the keys to open the apartments, and desired her to do something in the apartments—I took that girl into custody also—Wells said she was sister to Brown, and Dudley said Crawley was her brother-in-law—I went with the girl to whom the female prisoners gave the keys, to No. 11, New-square, to the first-floor, front-room—she unlocked the door with the key which had been given her by Well—I searched that room, and found there a pistol secreted in the mattress—I have since shown the pistol to the prosecutor's servants—I found nothing else there—I went with the same girl to No. 10—she unlocked the door of the first-floor front-room there with the key which Dudley had given her—I found this bead purse in a drawer in that room—I took this silk handkerchief from Wells's neck at the station—at that time I had not heard any thing of Mr. Pigeon's robbery, and I let the female prisoners go—after hearing of this robbery, I caused them to be taken again, on the 22nd—I went to their lodging on the 21st, and they were not there—I

took from Wells's ears, at the station, these jet ear-rings—I have shown them to Kendall, and she claims them—Wells said she had had them fifteen months in her possession—both the female prisoners admitted lodging at No.7, Mint-street, Borough, on the night of the 21st—I have examined the state of the houses in Mint-street, with reference to Mr. Pigeon's premises—from what I have observed, a person could go from the houses in Mint-street on to the roof of the distillery, and so in at the window of the knife-room—I did so myself, and saw there were marks on the tiles—I have no doubt a person could open the window of the knife-room by means of the broken pane of glass.

Davis. Q. You say these females brought us refreshment at Queen-square, did you see them bring any to me? A. I saw them bring it to you all four—you were all in custody at the time—the first I saw of you and Harris was in the tap-room of a public-house, and from the description given by the constable at Knightsbridge, I sent him with two or three other officers to see if you were the parties—they did not find you there, but close by, in the neighbourhood—I am sure you were in custody at the time the refreshment was brought—it was taken to the man's-cell—there is but one man's-cell, and all the four male prisoners were in it—I did not sec the refreshment distributed, but you were all talking together before you were locked up—when Harris and you were taken into custody you were taken into the officers' waiting-room, while I took your names and addresses, and you had to pass Crawley and Brown.

Davis. I had no refreshment; my friends did not know I was taken up; Harris and I sat by the fire, and we saw neither of the other prisoners till we were brought in before the Magistrate; Witness. That is not correct—they had to pass by the other prisoners who were waiting to go before the Magistrate—they had opportunities of speaking before, and I have no doubt they did speak together—I heard them do so—I could not distinctly hear what they said, but I heard them speak as they passed—they recognised each other—in going from the street to the office, they had to pass the prisoners Crawley and Brown, and after taking down their names and addresses in the officers' waiting-room, they had to pass them again—there is a room kept entirely for prisoners to wait in before they go before the Magistrate—Crawley and Brown were waiting there, and Harris and Davis when taken, had to pass them to come into the officers' waiting-room—then on the charge being called in against Crawley and Brown, Davis and Harris had to puss them again—they were nearly together in passing—it was quite momentarily—I am quite positive they spoke to each other.

Dudley. I deny taking any food to any body but my brother-in-law Crawley. Witness. I conclude it was for the four, from the abundant quantity—Wells represented Brown to be her brother.





WILLIAM UPCHURCH
 (police-constable B 25.) I assisted in appre-hending Davis and Harris about eleven o'clock on the morning of the 17th of February, in the Broadway, Westminster—I found this penknife on Harris, which is claimed by Hudson—on the morning of the previous day, the 16th, I saw all the four male prisoners in company together in Orchard-street, Westminster, about half-past eleven—they were coming out of Newway-square, or New-square, Orchard-street, together, one after the other—all the six prisoners lived at Nos. 10 and 11, New-square—the four male prisoners were within a very few yards cf their lodging when I saw them.


Davis. I deny it.





JOHN VASEY
. I live at No. 1, New-square, Orchard-street, Westminster, which is directly opposite Nos. 10 and 11. The prisoners Crawley, Harris, Davis, and Dudley lodged at No. 10—I have seen them in No, 10 several times—I have seen Brown in company with the other three male prisoners—Brown lived at No. 11, in the first-floor, front-room, and Wells with him—I could see them quite plainly from my house—I have seen all the four male prisoners go in and out of both those houses several different times—the last time I saw them go into those houses, was in the early part of the week previous to their apprehension—I saw all of them—it was about the 13th—on the Monday morning, between ten and eleven o'clock, I saw Crawley, Harris, and Davis go down the street together from their home, in the direction of Broadway, Westminster, and I saw them come back again in the space of half-an-hour—one of them, I cannot swear which, had a bundle about the size of a hat, or possibly smaller—it hung down from a handkerchief.

Crawley. Q. Did you see me go up and down stairs there? A. Yes.

Davis. Q. Can you swear you have seen me with the other prisonen within the last six weeks? A. Yes, decidedly I have, within the last month, with Crawley and Harris.

Dudley. He did not see anybody at my place on Monday morning; my brother came there by himself on Monday evening to bring his dirty linen, but no one was there to see me on Monday morning. Witness. I am sure I saw Crawley, Harris, and Davis at Dudley's on the Monday morning.





LOUISA EVANS
. I am the wife of James Evans, and live at No. 9, Mint-street, Borough. About three weeks before I was examined before the Magistrate, the prisoner Wells came to my house in company with the prisoner Brown, after a room which I had empty at the time, at No. 7, Mint-street, which is opposite my house—she did not take it—she said she would call in the evening, but she did not—the backs of the houses in Mint-street adjoin Mr. Pigeon's distillery—I did not see the prisoners again till they were at Queen-square.

Wells. How can you say there was any male with me? I was by myself; Brown was not with me; the room would not suit me. Witness. You did not say anything about the room, but Brown was with you—there was a person lodging at No. 7 at that time, and since they have been taken up she has gone away—she left last Saturday night—after I showed Wells the room, she walked up stairs to that person, whom they knew—I do not know when they went out—the room I showed them was in No. 7—both Brown and Wells went into the room—the person they seemed to be acquainted with was named Brookes, and lodged in the second-floor backroom—they both went into that room—when Brown was down stairs he called "Sarah," which was the name of Mrs. Brookes, and he and Wells then went up to her in that room—that back-room commands a view of Mr. Pigeon's distillery, and I should think they could get out of that window—I cannot tell on what day this was—I did not hear of the robbery for nearly three weeks afterwards—I do not know when the man who lived with Mrs. Brookes went away, for I did not know that he was gone—the woman left last Saturday—she did not pay me my rent before she went, nor did the man—they had lodged there since January.

Brown. I was not there, I was not in the house. Witness. I am quite

sure he was—I saw him at the bottom of the stairs, and he went into the woman's room afterwards.





SARAH MATILDA KENDALL

re-examined. These ear-ring tops and silk-handkerchiefs are mine, and were in the kitchen—nothing more of mine his been found—I know this pistol, it was on the premises on the night of the robbery.

Wells. These ear-rings I bought eighteen months ago of a person who used to work with me, and they have not been out of my ears for eighteen months—I gave the same account to Mr. Barefoot. Witness. I know them to be mine from their being mended in a particular way—one earring top is shorter than the other, and I know them by that—there is no mark on the handkerchief, but it had been hemmed, and has been partly unhemmed—it was so before I lost it—I described it before I saw it at the police-office—I am quite sure it is mine, and the ear-rings too.





ANN HUDSON

re-examined. This bead purse is mine—I know it by a few beads in it which are a little discoloured, different to the white—there is a darker coloured bead intermixed—that was so when I lost it—I have not the least doubt of its being mine—I have had it twelve months—I bought it of a person who came to the door with laces—the beads are the same colour, and I am familiar with the appearance of it—this knife is mine—that and the purse were taken from a drawer on the night of the robbery—I cannot swear positively to the pistol, but I believe it to be the same—I have not the least doubt of the knife being mine, because the tip is ground off.

Crawley. I have nothing to say for myself; I wish to speak for Dudley, my sister; I bought the bead purse of a pedlar, took it home, and gave it to my sister for her kindness in washing my things; I never told her so much as where I bought it.

Brown's Defence. With respect to the handkerchief found on Wells' neck, I left it at her house in my hat hanging against the wall; I gave 1s. for it on the Wednesday morning.

Harris's Defence. This knife I gave 6d. for to a man that sells knives and forks in the street—the point was broken when I bought it.

Wells' Defence. These ear-tops I bought eighteen months ago, and they had never been out of my ears; the handkerchief now produced was left in Brown's hat hanging against the wall; not knowing whose it was, stolen or not stolen, I threw it across my neck, and Mr. Barefoot took it off.

Dudley's Defence. Last Monday fortnight my brother came to see me to bring me his dirty linen, and he gave me the bead purse; my reason for leaving my lodging was because I could not pay my rent; I had the money to do so, but it went to support my brother in prison, and the landlady would not let me stop.





WILLIAM HUMPHREYS
 (police-constable M 127.) I produce a certificate of Harris's former conviction, which I obtained from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I know him to be the person—I was present at his trial.
(Andrew Harvey, locksmith and bell-hanger, No. 84, Paul-street, Finsbury-square; and Mary Ann Haseman, No. 4, John's-place, Bedford-square, Commercial-road, gave Brown a good character.)

CRAWLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

HARRIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

See page 914.

WELLS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DUDLEY and DAVIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
