



179. 




JOHN WATKINS
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of November, 1 coat, value 6s., the goods of 



Henry Hill; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY HILL
. I live in Northumberland-passage, near Hungerford Market. On Thursday morning, the 12th of November, I went to market at a quarter past seven o'clock, and returned at a quarter past eight, I then missed a frock coat from the passage inside my door—the officer had the prisoner in custody.





SAMUEL GOODCHIL
. (police-constable A. 36.) Between seven and eight o'clock, on the 12th of November, I saw the prisoner running from the direction of Northumberland-passage through Scotland-yard, with this coat rolled up under his left arm—I followed and cried "Stop thief"—he threw it down near the sentry box in Whitehall-gardens—he then ran faster—I pursued him to King-street and there took him—I asked where he got the coat that he had under his arm and threw away—he said he had had no coat, and did not know of any—I had left it in the sentry's charge—I went back and took it.





ROBERT BARBER
. I am in the first regiment of Guards, and was sentry at Whitehall-gardens on the 12th of November—about twenty minutes before eight o'clock, I heard some one running very fast—I turned, and saw the prisoner running with this coat under his arm, and the policeman after him crying "Stop thief"—the prisoner threw down the coat, and the officer said "See to that"—I took it, and gave it the officer afterwards—I never lost sight of it.

MR. HIL. re-examined. This is my coat—some of my cards are in the pocket of it.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going to see for a job, a man came running, he said, "Here is a coat for you, run away with it"—I ran, and the officer came after me.





WILLIAM MILLERMA
. (police-constable B 95.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the deputy clerk of the peace at Westminster—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the same person.




GUILTY
.† Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
