



1763. 




JAMES BADES
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




John Welyer, about five o'clock in the of the 
15th of May, at 
St. Mary, Whitechapel, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 shawl, value 1l.; 1 violin, value 3l.; and 1 violin bow, value 3s.; his goods.






JOHN WELYER
. I am a chandler, and live in Lambeth-street, Whitechapel. On the 15th of May I went to bed between ten and eleven o'clock—I was the last person up in the house—I fastened the doors, locked and chained them—there is a cellar flap in front of the house—it opens with an iron bar under the shop window—it leads into the cellar, and was fastened with a padlock—between four and five o'clock next morning I heard a person knocking at the side-door, calling, "Mother"—I knew the voice—it was the prisoner—I got up about seven o'clock, and found the cellar flap open, the iron bar lying outside, and the padlock and staple gone—that would enable a person to get through the cellar, and up a ladder, into the shop—when I got up, the street door was unbolted, unlocked, and unchained—I missed a violin and bow, worth 3l.; a shawl, worth 1l., and a bag—I had seen the articles overnight—when my wife came from chapel she put her bonnet and shawl on the table, and the violin hung on a wall in the parlour—it was all safe when I went to bed—I saw the prisoner at my house once or twice afterwards—he was not given into custody when he called—I gave him into

custody on the 19th, we asked him if he knew any thing about it, and he said he was not there—his mother lodged in our house, in the garret.

Prisoner. I returned the same morning, and was not given into custody till the following Thursday. Witness. We asked him, and he said he was not there—I said he was there—I told the policeman if I could find any thing suspicious I should give him into custody—he denied being there, calling " Mother."





ABRAHAM SPALL
. I am a journeyman sugar-refiner, and live at No. 12, Lambeth-street. On Monday morning, the 16th of May, about half-past five o'clock, I got up to go to work—I went out, and saw the prisoner standing against the prosecutor's door—my house is very nearly facing his.





WILLIAM JOHN LOUGER
. I am shopman to Mr. Horgood, a pawnbroker, of Brown's-lane, Spitalfields. I produce a violin and bow, pledged by the prisoner, on the 16th of May—I think it was in the afternoon—I asked him his name—he said, "James Johnson, 1, Grey Eagle-street"—he said it was his own property.

Prisoner. I did not pawn it at all. witness. I am quite certain he is the man.






JOSEPH GIFFORD
 (police-constable. H 169.) The prisoner was given into my custody on this charge—he denied being there—Mr. Welyer said he heard him call, "Mother, mother," in the morning, and he denied all knowledge of that.

Prisoners Defence. On Sunday evening I went to Vauxhall, and returned home between twelve and one o'clock to my lodging; I could not gain admittance, and walked about till between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, when I returned to the prosecutor's house; I was asked if I knew any thing concerning the robbery; I said no.
— BADES. I am the prisoner's-mother. I never heard him call me, either on the Sunday night or Monday morning—I first beard of the robbery between seven and eight o'clock, when the bell rang—I was not up before seven—the prisoner occasionally took his meals there—he did not live there—he is in the employ of a very espectable young man, Mr. French, a master shoemaker, No. 5, George-court, George-street, Brick-lane, Whitechapel—my son lodged in Back Church-lane, with another person, named French, but no relative—I went away from the prosecutor's house a fortnight last Monday—I lodged in the house, and know there is a side-door—it is more towards the London Docks than towards Lambeth-street office.



GUILTY. Aged 20.—

Transported for Ten Years.
