



19. 




JAMES SMITH
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Philip Kennel, about one in the night of the 
23rd of Oct., at 

St. John, at Hackney, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 pair of trowsers, 10s.; 1 watch, 1l.; 1 shawl, 9s. 8d.; and 4 pence; his property.


MR. BRIERLEY
conducted the Prosecution.





PHILIP KENNEL
. I live at Cambridgeheath, in the parish of St. John, Hackney—there is a wall and wooden fence, about six feet high, to my garden. On Thursday morning, the 24th of Oct., about half-past one o'clock, I heard a noise, and proceeded to the back window—I saw a policeman in the yard—I asked what was amiss—he said there were thieves in the house, and sprang his rattle—I came down stairs as soon as possible, and found the front door open, and the policeman in the shop—I found the parlour door open, and a large double chest of drawers in the parlour all ransacked—they were all empty—I lost a coat, waistcoat, trowsers, a gown, shawl, and watch—we then proceeded down to search the cellar, and found the waistcoat and gown in the cellar, wrapped up in the handkerchief—I found the area grating broken and forced up—somebody had got in that way, and by that means up into the parlour—there is a door opening into the parlour—I had fastened the doors overnight myself—the value of the property lost is 3l. or 4l.—I know the prisoner—he has lived with my lodgers—he has been in the house for a twelvemonth or more—I found a hat in the cellar, and a shirt in it—they are not mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Does any one live in the house besides yourself and family? A. I have lodgers in one room—I rent the house, and let one room to a lodger—he has a key to let himself in when he likes—he must come through my room, but at that time the lodgers were out for a week, and no one was living in the house but myself—I had fastened the doors myself—I did not fasten the grating particularly, more than it has been for three or four years—it was not nailed down—it is not fastened every night, but in the state it was in—it is let into a frame, and a piece of board is nailed across to walk on—it would fall by its own weight—it is a very heavy one.





JOHN BARRETT
 (police-sergeant N 4.) On Thursday morning, the 24th of Oct., I was on duty on the banks of the Regent's Canal—I passed the

prosecutor's house about half-past one o'clock, and saw the prisoner a short distance from the spot—he said nothing—I heard two persons running up behind me, and heard some one call to another to stop—I turned, and saw two persons coming up behind me, sixty or eighty yards from me—the prisoner was one of them—I stopped him, and asked what made him run away—he made no answer—I asked what he had got—he said they were his own things—I said I should take him to the station, and I did so—the property found on him he said belonged to himself—I found this coat on his back, and this pair of trowsers and shawl tied up in this handkerchief, under his arm—this watch was in his trowsers' pocket—he was going towards the Hackney-road.





PHILIP KENNEL

re-examined. This property is all mine.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it? A. I am certain of it—there is a name on the face of the watch, by which I know it—there are no particular marks on the clothes, but I know them—I had property of this description in my drawers, and it was missing when I looked.





WILLIAM GLASSPOOL
 (police-constable K 287.) I was on duty, on the 24th of Oct., in Temple-street, Hackney-road—I heard the springing of a rattle—I went, and met the prisoner with a bundle under his arm—I stopped him, and took him into custody—I took him to the station, and saw him searched.





DAVID McCOLL
 (police-constable N 72.) I was on duty, on Thursday, the 24th of Oct., about ten minutes to two o'clock within a few yards of the prosecutor's house—I saw a man at his gate—I could not tell who he was—I never knew who he was—I saw him open the gate—I produce a shawl, a gown, an old hat, an old blue shirt, and a pocket-handkerchief, which I found in the prosecutor's cellar.




GUILTY
of Stealing only. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
