




2569. 




JOSEPH KEMP
 and 




PHILIP SAMPSON
 were indicted for

 that they, on the 
4th of July, upon 



George Noble, feloniously did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear, and danger of his life, and stealing from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; 1 watch-key, value 6s.; 1 seal, value 14s.; 1 handkerchief, value 7s.; and 2 shillings; his property: and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, feloniously beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.






GEORGE NOBLE
. On the 4th of July, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was passing through West-street, Smithfield, and was seized by a party of men, of which the prisoners are two—they came up, seized me, pinioned my arms, and the prisoner Sampson then took my watch from my fob, while Kemp held my right arm, pinioning me—I got my arm loose, and took hold of the seal and chain of the watch, which was in his hand—Kemp seized my arm again, and Sampson pulled the chain and seals through my hand—I was struck in the mouth by one of the party, which made it bleed—I could not swear to the person who struck me—it was done at the same time—there were six or seven people about me—they thronged close on me—they then ran away, taking my watch with them—I lost a silk handkerchief from my pocket, which was safe when I entered the street—I missed it directly the policeman came up to me—I have not found my watch.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you ever seen Kemp before? A. No—it was a light evening in July—I did not see him again till he was at Hatton-garden—I cannot say who struck me the blow—it was all done together—it only lasted about a minute—I was in company with Thomas Loader, who was on before me—I am a cabinet-maker—I was sober—Kemp held my right arm—I am quite satisfied of Kemp—when he seized my arm a second time, he turned round and faced me—I recognized him the moment I saw him, and can swear positively to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you charged other parties with being concerned in this? A. No—there was a woman taken by Elliott, the policeman, on suspicion, but not by me—I saw no woman present myself—I had said nothing of a woman being concerned—I saw Sampson at Tothill-fields prison about five weeks ago, or rather better—Elliott took me there—I had not seen him since the robbery—I had not the least doubt about him at Tothill-fields—I cannot recollect what I said there, but I recollected him directly I saw him—I did not express any doubt there that I know of—I did not express a doubt about him, nor had I any—Elliott did not point him out to me, for when he came round, Elliott was in one part of the yard, and I in another.

COURT. Q. Were there other men there as well as him? A. Yes, all the prisoners were sent out in the yard—nobody pointed him out—I knew him directly, and swear to both parties.






THOMAS LOADER
. I was passing through West-street about eight o'clock in the evening of the 4th of July with the prosecutor—lie was on one side of the street and I on the other, I was a little in advance of him, when he was hustled by several men—he was driven back to the side on which I was—I am positive he had the watch when he entered the street, as I saw the seal hanging out—I did not see his watch taken from him, but heard him call for assistance—being in advance of him I ran back, but before I got up the party had left him, and were making their escape—he directly informed me of his loss—a policeman came up at the same moment, and the prosecutor informed him he had been robbed—I cannot identify the parties, as they were running away when I got to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Which way did they run? A. They ran in two different directions—I believe the policeman came up at the same time as me.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was there a woman among them? A. There was a woman standing at the corner of a court—I do not remember seeing a woman among them—I went to Tothill-fields with the prosecutor to see Sampson—he was brought round first with the other prisoners, and was afterwards brought to the gate to us by the name of Philip Sampson—he was not pointed out to us—I cannot say whether it was then that the prosecutor recognized him—we were in the lobby or hall, and the prisoners were paraded round—he was brought to the gate by himself for us to see him—I had seen him before come round with the others.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Before he was brought to the gate had he been recognized? A. Not that I am aware of—I cannot recollect whether the prosecutor recognized him at the gate—I do not remember hearing him recognized.





ELIZA CALE
. I was standing at my door in West-street, with my baby in my arms—I saw the prisoners, Sampson and Kemp, go up and Kemp take the prosecutor by the right arm—the prosecutor's friend came to his assistance from the opposite side—I saw Sampson snatch the prosecutor's watch from his right side pocket, and give it to Kemp, who then ran down Black-boy-alley—Sampson immediately followed him down the alley—I was nearly close to them—the other two ran towards Saffron-hill—there were four in number at first—the prosecutor's friend came up to him before the watch was taken, and the whole of them set on both of them—they had no power of resistance—it was a silver watch, with a yellow chain—I saw it in Kemp's hand, and Sampson's also—I think the prosecutor made a sort of trial to get the chain from him—there were four persons fell on him, but I think there were six or seven round—I knew both the prisoners perfectly well before that by sight and name—I have seen them twelve or fourteen in a gang together—Sampson went by the name of Bill Taylor—I have heard them call him by that name—I have seen him for the last eighteen months, and Kemp about the same time—I knew them directly I saw them go up to the prosecutor, and thought they were going to rob him—I swear they are the men.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When did you first give an account of the transaction to any body? A. I told my husband of it, and told the policeman—my husband is a City policeman—I was three or four yards off—I did not tell the policeman which way they went, because he went after them—I saw him go up to the prosecutor—his friend went with the policeman in search of them—the policeman came to me when he had taken the

prisoners, and said he understood I knew about it—I did not give him an account of it till then, because it is such a desperate neighbourhood, I was afraid—I saw them both together once since in Farringdon-street, but was afraid to give information, the neighbourhood is such a desperate place—we have lived there eighteen months, but at the City end of it, which is not where these characters live—I never quarrelled with them—I never spoke to them—I am not mistaken in them—it lasted two or three minutes—I saw them sideways.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You knew Sampson as Taylor? A. Yes, I had heard him called so by the people about—I was very near them—they might have seen me—Kemp ran by me with the watch in his hand—I saw Sampson a few days after in Farringdon-street, but was afraid to give information—Elliott said if I did not appear here to-day he should summon me.





CHARLES ELLIOTT
. I am a policeman. On Sunday, the 4th of July, I was on duty at the bottom of West-street—I saw a scuffle with six or eight people—I immediately ran up and saw Kemp holding the prosecutor by the right arm—there was a cry of "Police"—I saw Taylor and Kemp run towards Black-boy-alley—there was something yellow hanging out of the hand of Taylor, alias Samson, which appeared to be a watch-chain—I knew both the prisoners before—I have seen them frequently—Sampson always went by the name of Taylor before—I saw Kemp holding the prosecutor's arm, and a scuffle, and heard a cry of "Police"—I pursued them to the end of the alley, but did not overtake them, as the prosecutor caught hold of my arm and said he was robbed, or I might have apprehended one on the spot, but that stopped me—I said, "I Know you are robbed of a watch"—I did not see Kemp again till the 17th of September, when I apprehended him, and took him to Rosoman-street station—I applied to the prosecutor the same evening—he knew him when he saw him—I saw Sampson about the 18th or 19th September, at Tothill-fields, by the name of Philip Sampson—I heard he was there, and went—I knew him to be the man immediately—I took the prosecutor to see him—he was shown to the prosecutor alone in the prison dress—a turnkey stood with him, but not any prisoners—he said he believed him to be the man, but should not like to swear to him in the prison dress—his dress was not altered—I had no doubt of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was Kemp remanded for several days? A. Yes—I think I got Mrs. Cale up on the 17th or 19th—I was witbin eight or ten yards of them when I saw Kemp holding the prosecutor's arm—I was coming up from Saffron-hill—I did not pass Cale's house —her house is in the boundary of the City—if the prosecutor had not had hold of me, I think I might have caught one or both before they came to a railing in the alley—I am quite certain of them both.

JURY
to
THOMAS LOADER. Q. Did you notice whether the prosecutor's mouth bled? A. It did, and was swollen very much.

KEMP—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

SAMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.



Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

