




885. 




JAMES SALES



, stealing 600 bricks, value 10s., the goods of 



John Hill, his master; having been before convicted: and 




WILLIAM JOHN THOMAS



, feloniously receiving the same.






JOHN HILL.
 I am a builder, at Walbrook. On 21st Jan. I had a boatload of bricks unloading at Sermon's-wharf, New North-road—Sales was in my service, and was carting them to my buildings, close by—about half-past four o'clock that afternoon, I saw my cart in Thomas's-yard, about half a mile from my premises, three-parts full of bricks—there were some other bricks of the same quality, shot in the yard—both prisoners were there—they saw me, and went up the back premises—I went into the yard—they were together—I think I said, "What are you about now?"—Thomas said, "It is the first time your cart has been here, and I hope you will overlook it"—I left them to look for a policeman—I could not find one, and came back with a person named Bradick—the prisoners were both gone—the bricks were still in the cart—they were mine, and those unloaded were mine—there were about 300 in the cart, and I should say 300 unloaded—next morning the bricks came home, with a letter addressed to me—I informed the police—I did not see Sales for a fortnight.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. How long had he been in your service? A. About eighteen months.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. It is an open yard where rubbish is shot? A. Yes—I did not hear what Thomas was saying to Sales.





WILLIAM EDWARD BALL
 (policeman, N 365.) On 22nd Jan. I received information, and took Thomas his house—I said it was for receiving some bricks—he said it was very hard he should be taken, as he was not present when the first load was hot; and he was questioning him when Mr. Hill came up.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Has he borne a good character? A. Yes—I have known him for some years—he keeps a shop in Hoxton—he said Mr. Hill came up; he found there was something wrong, and sent then home.





RICHARD WATKINS.
 I am sergeant of the Enfield police. On Sunday afternoon, 13th Feb., I took Sales at Enfield, and said it was for stealing bricks of his employer, Mr. Hill, at Hoxton—he said, "I know nothing about it; my master drove to the yard, saw me with a load of bricks, conversing with Thomas, and I went away, and I believe the other did also; I should not have done it if it had not been for the other, and he was to give me 3s. for the load of bricks."





JAMES KENSEY.
 I produce a certificate of Sales' former conviction—(read,—Convicted Aug., 1843, and confined four months—four weeks solitary)—I was present—he is the person.
(thomas received a good character.)

SALES—


GUILTY. aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


THOMAS—


GUILTY.—



Confined Six Months.

