



2222. 




SAUL FISCHELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 

St. George in the East, 10 watches, value 24l.; and 1 guard-chain, 1s.; the goods of 



Adolphus Liepman, in his dwelling-house; and afterwards, about the hour of five in the night, burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.






ADOLPHUS LIEPMAN
. I am an outfitter, and live at No. 81, Parson's-street, East Smithfield, in the parish of St. John, Wapping. The prisoner was in my service for twelve days—I told him on the night of the 24th of Aug. to go with a note to East County Dock—next day, about half-past five o'clock in the morning, I heard him coming down stairs, and heard the shop door shut—I got out of bed, went into the kitchen, and he was gone—I had given him a new suit of clothes the day before—I examined my stock, and missed a gold watch, nine silver watches, and two German silver guards, and other articles, worth 25l.;—I gave information to the police, and found him in custody about one o'clock the same day—he ought to have taken the note about seven in the morning, but I had not given it to him, and he could not have gone out with that.





JOHN CULMAR
 (policeman.) I apprehended the prisoner in High-street, Shoreditch, and at the station found eight watches and two guards on him—the prosecutor claimed them—I asked the prisoner what had become of the other two watches—he said he had sold them down Petticoat-lane—I got a

man, named Cohen, in consequence of what he said, and got a watch from him—the prisoner had three watches in his outside coat pocket, three in his inside pocket, one in his trowsers, and one in his fob—I believe the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. George's East.





ADOLPHUS LEIPMAN

re-examined. I pay taxes to the parish of St. John, Wapping. This is my property—I have known the prisoner about two years—I gave him 6d. at different times, and at last took him as a servant, and in twelve days he robbed me.




GUILTY
of Stealing only.
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

