



203. 




JOHN BEST CAMERON
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of November, at 
St. Faith under St. Paul, in the dwelling-house of 



George Hitchcock and another, 1 box, value 12s.; 1 flute, value 10s.; I writing-case, value 4s.; 1 watch-guard, value 10s.; 6 printed books, value 1l. 5s.; 9 handkerchiefs, value 16s.; 6 shirts, value 2l.; 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 waist-coat, value 12s.; 1 pair of trowien, value 15s.; 5 pairs of stockings, value 5s.; 1 brush, value 1s.; 1 card-case, value 1s.; 4 night-caps, value 2s.; 1 purse, value 1s.; and 1 promissory note for the payment of 100l., with interest; the property of 



James Waterman.






JAMES WATERMAN
. I lodge at the Red Cross, Newgate-market. I was in the service of Mr. Evans, a linen-draper, in Tottenham-court-road, in April last—the prisoner was my fellow-servant there in the business—we both left the employ at the same time—I went into the service of Hitchcock and Rogers, in St. Paul's Church-yard—it is in the parish of St. Faith, City—they occupy the whole premises—the shopmen sleep on the premises—I left Hitchcock's on Friday, the 6th of November—I left my box behind—it was locked, but not corded—I slept there on the Friday night, and left the house the following morning, leaving my box locked in me bed-room—on the afternoon of the same Saturday I met the prisoner about one o'clock—I had seen him once or twice at Hitchcock and Rogers's visiting Mr. Talbot—I had shaken hands with him when I had seen him there, and spoke to him—when I met him on Saturday I told him I had quitted Hitchcock'a—he asked me if 1 had left altogether—I replied, "No"—that implied that my box was not brought away—it is customary for young men to leave their boxes behind, and any young man in the trade would know from that answer that the box was still there—it is left there for safety till we have another situation, for a week or so—he asked me where I was staying—I did not tell him—I had got a lodging then at the Red Cross, where I am now staying—I slept there on the Saturday, and on Sunday morning I went to Hitchcock's to dress myself, and found my box was gone—it contained the 100l. note, and the articles stated—this is the note—(produced)—it bears interest at 3 per cent.—it is on the North Wilts Banking Company—in consequence of missing my note, I obtained the address of the prisoner from Miss Smith, who lived at Hitchcock's—it was Greenland-grove, Cromer-street—I went with John Dear, a policeman,

and found the prisoner there—we made but a slight search, and none of my property was found there—the prisoner said he was surprised I should come to search his house, and declared he knew nothing about the box—when we were about to leave he said he had a good mind to follow me, to see what had given me suspicion—this was on the 8th—on the 9th I went to Mr. Gill, a pawnbroker, in Wilmot-street, and saw six shirts and one silk handkerchief which had been in the box when I lost it—on the evening of the same day the prisoner was apprehended in Cromer-street, between four and five o'clock, close by his own home—I gave charge of him—he was taken to Mr. Gill's, who said directly he saw him, "That is the man"—the prisoner asked Grill if he was certain, and at the same time took off his hat, and moved his wig a little—(he has a wig on now)—Gill said, "Yes, you are the man"—I believe he said so more than once—before we got into the shop, I said to the prisoner, "You know this shop, do you not, Cameron?"—he said, "I do, I have been here"—next morning, the 10th, I went to Hitchcock's about twelve o'clock, and found my box was returned—it was down in a place called the Dock, where goods are delivered—it was corded but not locked—I had left it locked but not corded—there was in it a few pain of stockings, night-caps, and small articles—the principal part of the contents were gone—a youth named Ray, who attends to the dock, pointed out my box to me—(I bad made a complaint at Hitchcock's of the loss of my box on Sunday morning as soon at I missed it)—there was a paper on the box which there was not when I lost it—I think it was stuck on—I am not acquainted with the prisoner's handwriting—I have got a letter which I received—it has passed through the post, but I do not know the hand-writing—the 100l. note was enclosed in it—this was after I had apprehended the prisoner—I believe the letter was sealed when I received it—I opened it immediately without looking at the seal—I looked more at the note than the letter—there was no writing inside the letter—it was directed "Mr. Waterman, at Hitchcock and Rogers's, St. Paul's Church-yard"—I should think the box and property, without the note, was worth 10l.—I am sure they exceeded 5l.—the partners in the house are George Hitchcock and Frederick Rogers.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Are the premises very extensive? A. They are—they employ about a hundred people, young men chiefly—I brought the note from the country with me—I had been three months at Hitchcock's—I had not shown it to one of the people of the house—I have taken it out of the box, but never when other people have been by—it was not known to any body in the house that I had the means of getting 100l. if I wanted it—I got it from my father in the country—I do not recollect any young men leaving the same week as I did—I told the Magistrate I made a search at the prisoner's—I do not think I used the word "slight"—the prisoner took me up into the room which I searched—his wife took me into another room, and showed me a box which I also searched—I know the prisoner had been unwell—I do not know that he left a situation in consequence—I do not know that he wore a wig in consequence of that illness—I had seen him in a wig before I saw him on the Saturday—I do not know whether he wore a wig when we lived together.

COURT. Q. When you went to his place, was his person searched? A. I believe not—I did not hear him request to be searched.





JAMES GILL
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Wilmot-street, Brunswick-square. On Saturday, the 7th of November, six shirts and a hand-kerchief

were pawned with me—I think it was from ten to eleven o'clock, or about eleven—I am not quite sure of the hour—they were pawned in the name of James Waterman, No. 29, Brunswick-street—the person had on a black coat, which I believe was buttoned round him—he said they were his own property, and said, "You will find them marked with my name"—I do not know that he said, "They are mine"—I found the mark of "Waterman" in full on them—they are marked "J. W." with a needle, and the rest in ink—I did not look at the handkerchief, but I see it is marked "Waterman" at full length—I did not notice the person's features particularly—I had no further conversation with him—there was no mention of an Irishman or Scotchman—(looking at his deposition)—this is my handwriting—it was read over to me before I signed it—I noticed his voice—I saw him on the following Monday, and recognised his voice—he was brought into my shop, and it was said, "Is this the man?" or something—I cannot be sure whether any body spoke before I spoke, but they brought the man to me to recognise, because I had described previously his figure to them as near as I could—he had on a different coat when brought to me to what he had when he brought the articles—I told them I believed he was the man—he said he was not—I think I addressed myself to him, and said, "I think you are the man"—I said, "I believe you are the man"—I said to him, "You are dressed very differently to-day to what you were on Saturday," and I think I said, "But I know you by your voice more than by your features"—on the Saturday evening I had noticed that he spoke something like an Irishman—he said, "No, I am a Scotchman"—on the Monday he had a coloured coat with gilt buttons—on the Saturday the person had a hat on, and on the Monday he took his hat off, drew his fingers through his hair, and said, "You will mind that I wear a wig"—I repeated my belief that he was the man—I told him I should be very sorry to say he was the man unless I had a belief of it.

Cross-examined. Q. He was brought to you in custody? A. Yes, and my attention directed to him—I said, "I think you are the man," or words to that effect—I will not be sure to the very words—I think I said at Hatton-garden, "When he was first brought to me I said, I think you are the man"—I used words to that effect—I might have said so—(the witness's deposition being read, stated—"I had had no previous knowledge of the prisoner; on the afternoon of the 9th instant the prisoner was brought to me, and when I first saw him I said, "I think you are the man.' I said, 'I should be very sorry to swear to you on light grounds, how I know you principally is from your accent, from your voice; I remarked, when I was first serving you, you had a dash of an Irishman about you;' and then the prisoner said, 'No, I am a Scotchman.' On the Monday he was dressed in a gilt-button coat. Though I believe the prisoner to be the man, I have some doubt about his features")—That is what I said before the Magistrate—it is true in effect—(looking at three duplicates)—I know one of these, but two of the articles were pawned by a female—one was pawned in the name of John Cameron, but not by the prisoner—one of these was pawned by the prisoner on the 7th of October—I took it in, and recollect him perfectly well—that is in the name of John Cameron, Greenland-grove—I did not take in the other pledges—one of them is in the name of Janet Cameron, and one Ann—they all bear the same address.

COURT. Q. How was the prisoner dressed on the, 7th of October? A.


I cannot answer for the colour of his clothes, but this I can answer, he was much smarter dresssd on the 7th of October than the person was on the 7th of November—I remarked to him on Monday, the 9th of November, about his being so much more smart than he was on the Saturday previous—I mean he was smarter on the 7th of October—he was then dressed very smartly—on the 7th of November he was not smart, for I remarked to him on Monday, the 9th, that he appeared on Saturday as though he had been in business the whole day, and I said to him, "Now you have been recently dressed, you are much smarter"—he said, "It is not long since I dressed"—I cannot recollect the colour of his clothes on the 7th of October, but I noticed to myself that he was a gentlemanly young man—I had no conversation with him on the 7th of October beyond what business required, only a few words.

Q. Did you notice his voice then? A. I have forgotten his voice—I am quite clear it was the prisoner I saw on the 7th of October—I recollect his person—I saw him on the 9th.

Q. How does it happen that on the 7th of November (if he is the same person) you express a doubt, when on the first and last occasion you have no doubt about him? A. I can only account for it by his standing one back at the counter—there was a person before him, and I was very busy on the 7th of November—he was in the front shop, not in the boxes—I had a shopman there—he is not here—he was, perhaps, not more than five minutes in my view on the 7th of October—I think he must have been that time—I cannot recollect how many minutes on the 7th of November, but not long—when I saw him on the 7th of November I did not recognise him as the person I had seen on the 7th of October—I think I saw less of his person, and heard him speak more—I noticed his voice more, and his person less, than on the 7th of November—I must say I do believe him to be the man.





SAMUEL LARTER
. I am a porter, and live in New-street, St. Giles. On the 7th of November, about a quarter or twenty minutes after six o'clock, I was standing to be hired at the pitching-block opposite the Old Bailey—the prisoner came and asked me if I had got a job—I said "No"—he asked if I would go and bring his box—I said, "Yes, if you please, sir"—he gave me a paper to go to Hitchcock and Rogers, in Paternoster row, and bring the box, and told me to bring it to the Plough public-house, in Giltspur-street—he told me there was a hat-box, but I need not bring that—he asked what he was to give me—I said I would leave it to him as a gentleman—I delivered the paper, at Hitchcock's private passage, to the man who answered the bell—I waited more than half an hour—I went up stairs with Leeds, the porter of the house, for the box, and took it to the Plough—I got there about seven o'clock—I do not know the precise time—I waited at the Plough till past eight—after eight a boy came and told me I must go down to the Angel inn, in Farringdon-street, directly, as the gentleman was engaged with a party of gentlemen, and could not come himself—the boy accompanied me to Farringdon-street—I found the prisoner there, standing outside a cab, on the pavement close to the cab—he told me to put the box inside the cab—he said he was sorry he had detained me so long, but said, "I suppose, my man, that will satisfy you," giving me 1s.—I put the box into the cab, and left—I do not know what became of him—on the 9th of November I went to Hunter-street station with a policeman, and saw the prisoner there—I did not

know him that night, being differently dressed, but he is the man who engaged me—I could not swear to him that night—he was dressed in a bright-buttoned coat, and on the 7th he had a black coat on—when I saw him at the station I said I should be sorry to swear to him, I should be sorry to swear wrongfully, but I was confident when I saw him by daylight that he was the man—I am sure at this moment that the prisoner is the person who hired me to take the box, from his features—I heard him speak before the Magistrate, and I recollected his voice—there was plenty of light against the door of the Angel at the time he paid me the shilling—I saw his face at the time he gave me the shilling—there was light at the Pitching-Block, and I saw his features there—I recollect the features of the person who addressed me there—I have no doubt at all of the prisoner, I am confident—I only heard him speak at Hatton-garden—I heard him speak in the office—I knew his features, and I heard him speak at Hattongarden, and he is the same man—being dressed differently when I saw him at the station-house, I could not identify him that night—I do not know that I said I believed he was not the man—I cannot say I did not.

Cross-examined. Q. You now have not the slightest doubt about him? A. I am sure he is the man—I know him by his features and by his voice—it was Whicher who took me to Hunter-street station—I believe he told me I was going to see the man that had hired me on Saturday night—I cannot be positive whether he said so or not—I will not swear he did not—I was a very short time at the station-house—I cannot say how long—there was a light there—I looked stedfastly at his face, but his dress prevented my recognising him—I came out of the station without recognising him—I will not swear I did not say he was not the man—I do not know whether I did or not—when I got a little distance from the station I recollected myself, and knew he was the man, and had a great mind to go back—I saw him in another dress on the Tuesday—a black coat was put on him at Hatton-garden, and then I was sure of him—it was the change of the coat made me recognise him, and his features I recollected when I saw him at Hatton-garden—I do not know that I ever said there was nothing in his voice which I remembered or noticed—(looking at his deposition)—this is my name—I do not recollect any thing being read over to me—I saw a gentleman writing—the paper was read, and I signed this—(the witness's deposition being read, stated, "There is nothing about his voice that I can swear to, but I am sure he is the gentleman.")

Q. Now, you swore before the Magistrate that there was nothing in his voice by which you could swear to him, and you say to-day you know him by his features or voice; which is true? A. I do know him by his features, and I know him by his voice, asking me to go for the box, and at the cab—I have not seen him since he was examined.

COURT. Q. After you were examined were other witnesses examined? A. Yes, I remained in the office—the prisoner spoke, I believe, after the witnesses had been examined—I heard his voice—I was sure he was the man before I left the office.





JOHN WINN
. I am a cab-driver, and live in Cadbury-place, Globe-road, Mile-end. On Saturday, the 7th of November, I had a cab, No. 1099—a little after eight o'clock on that Saturday evening, I was hired by the prisoner—I recollect his person perfectly—I was on the rank in Farringdon-street, sitting on my cab—he told me to go round by the

Angel, which I was almost opposite—I did so, and he said, "Wait a few minutes, I have got a box coming"—Larter came with a box on his knot—the box was put inside the cab, and the prisoner got in—he ordered me to stop at the corner of Hatton-garden, which I did, and another youngish man jumped into the cab, with the prisoner—the prisoner ordered me to Rathbone-place, and up Charlotte-street—I pulled up at the corner of the street, and both got out there—the prisoner paid me 1s. 6d., and I left them with the box on the pavement—I saw the prisoner at the office—he was dressed in a black coat when he took me off the rank—I saw the coat changed at the office—when I saw him in the other coat, I said I had rather see him in the one he was in when he took me off the rank, the black coat—a black coat was put on him, and I then had not the least doubt of him—I was quite certain of him before the coat was changed, but I wished to see his coat changed, I wished to see him the same as he was before—the person who got into the cab in Hatton-garden appeared to have on a gilt-buttoned coat—he was nearly the same size as the prisoner—I am now clear as to the prisoner having hired me—I heard of the loss of the box on the Wednesday.

Cross-examined. Q. How many days elapsed from the Saturday you speak of till you went to the station, and saw the prisoner? A. I saw him at Hatton-garden on the Saturday following—I had been driving my cab in the interval at night, not in the day-time—I am obliged to take particular notice of gentlemen getting in, for we very often get deceived, by other gentlemen wanting to get in, after we have set one down—the officer took me to Hatton-garden—he told me I was going to see the man that had hired my cab on the Saturday before—he did not tell me there was a black coat there—I saw a black coat in the office—I am certain the prisoner is the person, and that he is the one who hired me—I never had a doubt about it—(looking at his deposition)—this is my signature—I wrote it after this was read over to me—(The witness's deposition being read, stated, "Before I saw his coat changed I was not certain whether it was him or the other person, his companion, that hired me. I cannot say I should know his companion; his companion had a coat with gilt buttons; I am sure the prisoner is the person that hired me")—I said before the Magistrate that the person who hired me had whiskers on, and the other man had not—to the best of my knowledge I did not use the words that have been read, nor any thing to that effect—I said I had rather see him in the same coat.





JAMES LEEDS
. I am in the service of Hitchcock and Rogers, in St. Paul's Church-yard. On Saturday, the 7th of November, the porter, Larter, brought a note, which I delivered to Mascal, for Mr. Talbot, who it was directed to, and who is an assistant in the house—Mascall undertook to deliver it to Mr. Talbot—Larter told me he came for Mr. Waterman's box—Mascal said, "Oh, he is come for the box, do you know the box?"—I said I did not—a young man standing by described it to me—I went down to tea, and on coming back, I found Larter still waiting—I took him up stairs with me, and delivered him the box—he was kept there about half an hour or more.





JOHN TALBOT
. I am in the service of Hitchcock and Rogers. On the 7th of November a note was delivered to me, I cannot tell what I did with it—it got out of my hand somehow or other—I made a good search for it on the Monday morning, but was not able to find it—I took down one of the handbills of the concern, and wrote something on it, and gave that

paper to Mascal—in the course of Sunday afternoon I heard of the box being missing—I went that same night to call on the prisoner, at his lodging, near Judd-street—I do not know the name of the street—I was never there before—I was told by Waterman that he lived in Judd-street, and I went with a witness, who is here—I inquired at several places, and was told at a baker's shop where he lived—I saw the prisoner—as well as I recollect, he said, respecting the note, Mr. Waterman had told a young man at Evans's, of Tottenham Court-road, where he formerly lived, that he had a 100l. note—a 100l. note had been mentioned then, it was the subject of conversation at the prisoner's house—the prisoner had called on me some days before at Hitchcock's—I did not see him on the Saturday.





TIMOTHY WRAY
. I am in the service of Hitchcock and Rogers. On Tuesday, the 10th of November, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, I took in a box, which came by the Parcels Delivery Company—a boy brought it—it had the ticket of the Company on it—I had 1s. to pay for it—it was afterwards claimed by Waterman—(produced)—this is it.





CHARLES NIBLETT
. I am in the service of Hitchcock and Rogers. On the 10th of November I took in this post-letter from the postman.





ELIZABETH EMERY
. I am the wife of Robert Emery, and live in Stanhope-cottages, St. Pancras-fields. On Saturday, the 7th of November, I was in the shop of Mr. Gill, the pawnbroker—to the best of my knowledge it was between nine and ten o'clock—I saw the prisoner there—he put a bundle on the counter while I was waiting for an article which I went to fetch—the bundle contained six shirts, and he asked a sovereign for them—he was offered 16s., but what sum he got I cannot say—I am positive he is the same person—I cannot say how he was dressed—I heard his voice—on the following Monday afternoon I was there again, about five o'clock, and saw the prisoner there with the prosecutor and Whicher, the officer—I knew him the moment I saw him—when the officer was gone I spoke to Mr. Gill, but he did not make me any answer at the time—I did not say any thing while the parties were there.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you been at Gill's shop before the Saturday, pawning things? A. Yes, occasionally—there were not so many people there as I have seen at other times—there were perhaps seven or eight—I was there about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—I cannot say whether the person left the shop before or after me—I stood next to the counter—the person stood to the left of me, not next to the counter—he was behind another person who stood level with me.

Q. Have you ever said that the prisoner when he pawned the things on Saturday night had on a blue coat with brass buttons, and a full-frilled shirt? A. I never said any thing about his clothes on the Saturday night—I said he had a coat on which, to the best of my knowledge, looked like blue, with gilt buttons, and a frilled shirt, but I said that was on the Monday—I said nothing about his clothes on the Saturday—I never said I did—I did not notice whether he had whiskers or not—I do not think I was pawning any thing on the Monday—I cannot exactly say what I was there for, but I was there—I think it was to pawn something—I did not hear a good deal of conversation between the prisoner and the others—only Mr. Gill said, "I believe you to be the person"—I did not hear a conversation as to whether he was the person or sot—there was very little said—the

conversation might last about three or four minutes—I first went before the Magistrate as a witness last Monday—I believe it was the third examination—the officer brought me a paper on the Saturday night that I was to go on Monday to Hatton-garden—that was all he said—I went by myself—I found the prisoner at the bar when I got there—I had not heard of the prisoner being taken until the officer brought me the paper—I had been to Mr. Gill's on the Thursday after the Monday—I might have been oftener—I do not know.





JONATHAN WHICHE
. (police-constable E 47.) I searched the prisoner's lodging on the 9th of November, and found fifteen duplicates and a black coat—the duplicates have nothing to do with this case—the black coat was taken to the office, and put on the prisoner—it appeared to fit him—the witnesess saw him in that coat—Hitchcock's house is in the parish of St. Faith, under St. Paul, that part which the box was in.





EDWARD MASCAL
. I am in the service of Hitchcock and Rogers. On the night of the 7th of November a paper was put into my hands—it was written in ink or pencil—I believe Larter to be the man who gave it me—it was addressed to Mr. Talbot—I gave it to him—I know what was. on it—it purported to be "Deliver to the bearer my box—signed G. or J. Waterman"—I saw the name of Waterman in full.





JOHN TALBO
. re-examined. The paper said, "Deliver to bearer my box," and the name of Waterman in full.





JAMES WATERMA
. re-examined. I had shown the note to a young man at Evans's, in Tottenham-court-road, and he, I believe, showed it to others—the prisoner was in the same service with me in Tottenham-court-road—I showed the note to the young man on the night the prisoner left—I did not see the prisoner present when I showed it—I showed it to Mr. Lake—I was discharged from Evan's at a late hour on Saturday night, because I did not suit the trade—the prisoner was discharged the same night.

MR. BODKI. called






GEORGE LAKE
. I am a linen-draper's assistant, but am out of employ at present—I did live with Dudley and Co.—I am lodging at Whitefriarswharf. I have known the prisoner seven or eight months—I lived with him at Evans's, in Tottenham-court-road—he left while I was there, six or seven months ago—he bore a very good character.

COURT. Q. Are you the person to whom the 100l. note was shown at Evans's? A. Yes—the prisoner was not present, but it was talked of all over the house—Waterman was turned away on the Saturday night—it was said he had shown it to Mr. Evans, and asked him if he could change it—I have not known the prisoner in any situation since he left Evans's—I was present when the prosecutor was discharged from Evans's—it was a little before twelve o'clock on Saturday night—I was in the shop—he was called into the counting-house, and up in his bed-room he showed me the note, and I believe it passed through several young men's hands.





JAMES GILL
. I produce the counterpart of the duplicates fixed to the shirts—the duplicate given for them has not been found.
(James Orrock, linen-draper, at Bow; and John Devey, assistant linendraper, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
