



11. 




MARGARET MITCHELL



, stealing 3 half-crowns, 7 shillings, 2 pence, and 1 halfpenny, the moneys of 



Johan Kauth, from his person; having been before convicted.






JOH AN KAUTH
 (through an interpreter). I am a baker, and live at 2, Tabernacle-square. On Saturday evening, 28th Oct., I saw the prisoner on Holborn-hill—she took me by the hand, and put the other hand in my pocket—she spoke to me, but I did not understand her—I held her, and called out for the police—I had 15s. 2 1/2 d. in my pocket—the prisoner took out three half-crowns, seven shillings, and 2 1/2 d., and left 6d. in my pocket—I know I had my money in my pocket at the time—I had bought two handkerchiefs in a shop on Holborn-hill only a few minutes before, and my money was safe then.


Prisoner. He spoke to me, and asked if I would take a walk in Hatton-garden with him, and I did so. Witness. I cannot speak English, so I could not ask her—I did not speak to her—I was waiting at the corner for a friend named Peter Haile, who has gone to Germany.

Prisoner. He gave me the 2 1l. 2 d. to do as he thought proper; he wanted it hack, and because I would not give it him he called the policeman. Witness. I did not.





GEORGE TEMLBTT
. I was formerly in the G division of police, No. 110; I have left. On Saturday, 28th Oct., at a quarter-past twelve o'clock—I found the prisoner at the corner of Hatton-garden—the prosecutor had hold of her by the hand—by his motions I understood that she had picked his pocket—she said she had not—she had 21l. 2d. in her hand—I asked where she got it—she said the prosecutor had given it her.





ELIZA VOLLER
. I am the wife of John Voller, a policeman. I searched the prisoner at the station—she said she had nothing about her—she had nothing in her hand then—I insisted on her undressing, to which she objected. very much—in the course of taking off her clothes, she got half a-crown in her hand, out of her bosom—I had a job to get it from her—she said it was her own, and she had not anything more about her—I afterwards found another half-crown in her hand—I consider she took it out of the top of her stocking—I was obliged to get assistance to take it out of her hand.

Prisoner's Defence. I had the money before I met the prosecutor.





GEORGE TEMLETT

re-examined. I had to take her about half-a-mile to the station—we passed several gratings—she kept jumping and struggling—she was a very awkward person to take—it was as much as I and another officer could do to take her—she might have got rid of some of the money by shaking it away, if she had it loose about her clothes—I had her by myself before I got assistance, and there was a party of bad characters behind her, to whom she might have got rid of it.





CHARLES STREET
 (policeman, A 405). I produce a certificate, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Margaret Mitchell, Convicted, Oct., 1848, of larceny from the person, and confined one year)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

