






1558. 




HENRY DOUGLAS,



 SAMUEL SMITH,



 THOMAS JONES
, and 



ELIZABETH SMITH
, were indicted for

a robbery on 



Emma Underwood, and stealing from her person 1 purse, value 1s.; 4 half-crowns 7s.; I sixpence, and 1 farthing; the property of 



Daniel Underwood, 



Samuel. Smith having been before convicted.


MR. WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






EMMA UNDERWOOD
. I am the wife of Daniel Underwood, of 50, Saffron-hill. On 17th May, about half-past twelve o'clock, I went into a public-housein Whitechapel, and asked my way to Holborn—I called for three pennyworthof brandy and a little water—the prisoners and another female werethere—Samuel Smith said, "We are going that "way," and if I had noobjection to treat them to a drop of gin, they would show me—I said I hadnot the slightest objection, ordered balf-a-pint of gin, and paid for it—I tookmy purse from my breast, and hung it on my finger—the gin was drunk, and I said I must go—Smith said, "You have got some money, and may as wellstand some more gin"—I gave them ten pennyworth more gin, two pennyworthof biscuits, and two pennyworth of wilks—I did not taste the gin—Isaid it was getting late, and I must go—they all five followed close behindme—just as we got to Finsbury-square Jones wished the others good night, but when we got to the other end of the squara he came up in front of us, caught me in my mouth, and threw me flat on my back—Douglas held meby one arm—Jones knelt on my chest, and took the money—the prisonerswere all there when I fell—I called out, "Murder"—they ran away—Ibecame insensible from the blow—the policeman came—I was rising fromthe ground, pointed out Douglas, and said, "That is one of them"—we

went to the station—I described the other three as well as I could, and theywere afterwards taken—I am sure of Douglas and Samuel Smith, and. Jonesis of the same height, and dressed the same—I should have known the otherwoman if she had been taken—I have been in the doctor's hands ever sincs—I was in the public-house three-quarters of an hour—Elizabeth Smith isa dressed different, but her appearance is the same.

Smith. Q. You did not wish to book the charge at the station aging? A. I said you were an old man, and had neither knocked me downnor robbed me—I was not kicking up a row with two females in whitechapel—I am a stranger there.





WILLIAM FISHER
 (policeman, G 127) On 18th May, between two and threeo'clock in the morning, I was on duty, heard cries of "Murder" and "Police, ran to Finsbury-square, and saw Mrs. Underwood on the ground—I assistedher up—she told me she had lost her purse and 17s., and pointed out Dex-. glas, who was running away—I ran, and brought him back—I did not losesight of him—we went to Whitechapel—she described the persons—I tookthe three other prisoners in Commercial-street, at eight o'clock in the morning—the prosecutrix recognised them—Jones said he could bring people to provehe was in bed—Mrs. Underwood bled profusely from the nose and mouth—wetook her to a surgeon.

Douglas. Q. Did not an officer want her to say I knocked her down A. No—you escaped from me, and ran about twenty yards.





JOHN BULLING
 (policeman, H 222.) On Thursday morning, 18th May, about a quarter-past four o'clock, I was on duty near Spitalfield's Churchand saw both the Smiths and Jones coming in a direction from where theylived—I took the Smiths, and afterwards saw Mrs. Underwood bleeding profuselyfrom the mouth—Samuel Smith had a stick in his hand, and she said "That is the man; he has the same stick now"—Elizabeth Smith said shehad been at home all night.





THOMAS FAIRHEAD
. I keep the Horse and Leaping Bar, Whitechpel, On Thursday morning, 18th May, I saw Jones and Samuel Smith with Mrs. Underwood—I served her with some gin—she bad a purse in her hand, andpaid me—she went with Samuel Smith from the front of the bar to the front:'window; they seemed to be holding private conversation—Smith afterwardstook her by the arm, and led her out of the house—Jones followed.

Samuel Smith. Q. How much gin did you serve her with? A. Sixpenny-worth—she had been served with some before, but not by me—I did not seeyou in the house after she left.





ROBERT COLE
 (police-sergeant, G 4.) Samuel Smith and Jones statedbefore the Magistrate that they were with Mrs. Underwood in the public-house, and accompanied her to Houndsditch, and no further—about threeo'clock that morning 1 was in Wilson-street, near Finsbury-square, and saw Douglas, Jones, and Samuel Smith, and three women pass me—I heard ascream, turned back, and Samuel Smith and Jones passed me on the left-handside, and two females on the right-hand side—I went on, and found Douglas in custody.

Douglas. Q. Can you swear to me? A. Yes—I saw you leave thecompany, go to a watering-place, and join them again.





JOHN BUBBFRS MATHER
. I am surgeon to the police, and live in Bunhillrow. On 18th May, about five o'clock in the morning, Mrs. Underwoodwas brought to me—the upper part of her dress was gorged with blood, shewas bleeding from the mouth, and had serious contusions about the head andface—the mouth was very much injured inside, and the teeth loosened—she

appeared to have had a kick on the ear, which fixed the jaw for several days—she was under my care some time.

Douglas's Defence. The prisoners are all strangers to me; I was not nearthe house; I had been to Sadler's Wells Theatre, and met Mrs. Underwoodmaking noise and quarrelling with three men and women; they were verymuch in liquor; Elizabeth Smith was not with them; I heard Mrs. Underwoodscream, raised her up, and had her in my arms when the policemancame; she said at the station I was merely passing, but the policeman triedall he could to make her swear to me.

Samuel Smith's Defence. I went with Mrs. Underwood from the public-houseto Aldgate Church, and left her there; Elizabeth Smith was not there.

John's Defence. I went with Mrs. Underwood from the public-house to Houndsditch, and wished her good night there.

Elizabeth Smith's Defence. I was at home at the time.





WILLIAM SPARKS
. I was a policeman—I was present here when Samuel Smith was tried—I produce a certificate of his conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1845, and confined two Years.)

DOUGLAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—SAMUEL SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 61.—JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—




Transported for Fourteen Years.—ELIZABETH SMITH—


NOT GUILTY
.
