



112. 




JOHN UPTON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 ass, price 21., the property of 



James Tegg; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES TEGG
. I live in Turville-street, Shoreditch. I had a donkey at Smithfield on Saturday the 26th of Oct.—he was tied to the rails opposite the Lock and Key public-house, and there was a bag of sand by him—I was in there, and the prisoner came to me and said, "I can sell that bag of sand for you; what shall I give you for it?"—I said, "1s. 4d., and get a pot of beer if you can"—I meant the beer for him and another man who was with him—the prisoner took the sack on his back, and he brought me back a shilling—I would not have it—I demanded my sand or the 1s. 4d., and he would not give it me—I thought if I did not take the shilling I should have nothing, and I took it—after he gave me the shilling he went out, and in about ten minutes I went out, and the donkey was gone—I saw the donkey the next day at the station-house in Bagnigge Wells-road—it was mine.





WILLIAM SHIPPEY
. I am a horseslaughterer, and live in Bagnigge Wells-road. On the 26th of Oct., between six and seven in the evening, I was in the Golden Lion public-house—the prisoner came and called me out and asked me to buy a donkey—I went out and saw the donkey, and asked him where he had it from—he said he bought it in Smithfield market for half-a-crown—he asked me 10s. for it, and he wanted it killed there directly—he told me to hold my tongue, as there was a policeman coming—he then went on towards Battlebridge, and in about five minutes I went after him—I heard him offer it to my nephew and to King for 3s. 6d., and told them it was stolen—they locked the donkey up—I then told the prisoner if he would tell me where he lived I would pay for it—he then took me to his father, and he would not own him—I then took the prisoner back to the station—I said, "You bad better come in here,"and gave him into custody.

Prisoner. I and another were in the Lock and Key; the prosecutor came in and forced his conversation to us; he said, "I have got a bag of sand outside, can you sell it?" I said, "I do not know." I went and asked a person, who did not want it. I then went to another place and sold it. I came back and gave him the shilling; we had four or five quarterns of gin, and four or five pots of beer; we were all a little fresh, but as to taking away the donkey to steal it, I did no such thing.

Witness. He was tipsy, but he knew what he was about—he said he would take me up for buying two or three stolen horses.





JOSEPH GBEENGRASS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—"Convicted on the 4th of Feb., 2nd Vict., and sentenced to six months' imprisonment")—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
