



413. 




FREDERICK WILLIAM SITTON
was indicted

 for embezzlement.—2nd COUNT, for stealing a half-crown and 3 shillings.






EDWARD BULL.
I am a currier, and leather-seller, and live in Highstreet, Shoreditch. The prisoner was my warehouseman for nearly thirteen years—he served part of his apprenticeship with myself and brother, but left us about three years—he bad been in our joint employ seven or eight years, but my brother and I dissolved partnership about eighteen months ago, since which he was in my sole employ—on the Friday previous to the 21st of December I caused my brother John to mark eight half-crowns and five shillings—next morning he marked ten shillings in my presence—I delivered the eight half-crowns and five shillings to Hedgeman, and the ten shillings my brother handed to Mr. Brown—on Saturday, the 21st of December, a little after one o'clock, the prisoner left to go to dinner—I called him back, and engaged his attention in the counting-house, while my brother fetched an officer, who took him, searched him, and found a halfcrown in his outside jacket pocket, and in a purse in his trowsers pocket three shillings- the halfcrown was one of those marked on the Friday, and the three shillings had been marked that morning.


Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN.
Q. Was not some gold found on him? A. I think a half sovereign—I said nothing to him till the officer came—my brother has no interest in the business.





JOHN BULL.
I live in Charles-square, Hoxton. On Friday, the 20th of December, I marked some half-crowns, and five shillings, and gave them to my brother—next morning I marked ten more shillings, and gave them to Mr. Brown—I was at my brother's shop that morning, and saw Brown's servant served by the prisoner with a score of mats, which came to 16s.—I also saw Archer in the shop—he was served by the prisoner—directly after he served Archer, I carried the till up stairs, and examined the money—I selected all the marked money, and found a deficiency of three shillings, which were marked on Saturday morning, and one half-crown, which had been marked on Friday night—I went to fetch an officer, who searched the prisoner, and found in his jacket pocket several papers and bills, an order which Mr. Brown's servant had brought for the delivery of the mats, and a half-crown piece marked—his other pockets were searched, and from his purse the officer took out three marked shillings, with other money.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you take the till away while the prisoner was there? A. The prisoner was not in the shop when I took it out—he was gone back to the warehouse, which was his usual station—he had not left a minute—I went out while Archer was paying the money to him, and returned directly—Brown's servant had been gone about twenty-five minutes—I was occasionally in the counting-house in the interval—the till was never locked—there was about 3l. in it.





THOMAS HEDGEMAN.
I live at No. 218, High Holborn. On Friday, the 20th of December, I received from the prosecutor eight half-crowns and five shillings marked—I handed them, on Saturday morning, to Mr. Archer—(looking at half-a-crown)—this is one of them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner bear a good character in the prosecutor's employ? A. He did till within the last three months.





THOMAS ARCHER.
I am a currier, and live in Gerrard-street, Soho. On Saturday, the 21st of December, I received eight half-crowns and five shillings from Mr. Hedgeman—I went with it to Bull's, and bought things amounting to 25s. 2d.—the prisoner served me—I paid him the eight half-crowns and five shillings I received from Hedgeman—I had previously marked them myself besides—(looking at a half-crown)—this is one of them.





EDWARD BROWN.
I am an upholsterer, and live in Curtain-road. On Saturday the 21st of December, I received ten shillings from Mr. Bull, marked—I delivered them to my servant Edward to go to Bull's for twenty mats, which came to 10s.—(looking at three shillings)—these are three of the shillings.





WILLIAM EDWARDS.
I am servant to Mr. Brown. On the 21st of December I received ten shillings from him, went to Bull's, bought some mats of the prisoner, and paid him the same money.





WILLIAM DEARMAN
(police-constable G162.) On Saturday, the 21st of December, I was called into the prosecutor's shop—I found the prisoner behind the counter—I searched him by desire of Mr. John Bull, and found in his jacket pocket a half-crown and a halfpenny, and in his other pocket half a sovereign three half-crowns, and three shillings, which I have produced—he was charged with stealing them, and made no answer.


Cross-examined. Q. Did he pull the papers out of his jacket pocket? A. Yes—I pulled the money out myself—he pulled out his purse.
(John Coombs, George's-place, Hackney-road; James Stanton, Kingsland-road; Robert Innocent, watch-maker, Hackney-road; Peter Kennedy, hair-dresser; Edmund Hunt, Thomas-street, Hackney-road; Augustus Wynn, Great Chamber-street; and William Turner, Hackneyroad; gave the prisoner an excellent character.)




GUILTYon the First Count. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years

