





1042. 




BENJAMIN HATCH,



 JAMES KERR
, and 




WILLIAM BRISLEY
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of March, 6 tar-barrels, value 9s., the goods of 



Thomas Webster Harby and another.






WILLIAM ROGERS
. I am apprentice to Messrs. Thomas Webster Harby and James Harby, rope-makers, in Bromley-lane. They have a great quantity of tar-barrels about their premises—I counted them at six o'clock on Wednesday afternoon—there were then thirty-two; and next morning, when the constable came, there were but twenty-six—I know the prisoners by seeing them about Poplar.






THOMAS HOLMES
 (police-constable K 12.) On Thursday, the 5th of March, at seven o'clock in the morning, I saw the three prisoners at the bottom of Grundy-street, Poplar, loading tar-barrels into a truck—they were about three or four hundred yards from the prosecutor's premises, across two gardens—Hatch and Kerr were about putting up the last barrel when I saw them—Brisley was holding the handle of the truck—I had two other constables with me—we watched them down Dock-wall, and, considering they were going to the premises of Mr. Turner, a purchaser of tarbarrels, at the Orchard-house, we went another way, through the East India Docks, and came upon them about thirty yards from Mr. Turner's premises—I took Hatch, and brought him to the station-house—I asked where he got the tar-barrels—he said he had bought them of a carman the night previous—I said, "Do you know the man?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Did you ever see him before?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Whereabouts did you see him?"—he said, "In the Commercial-road; I had been to town that afternoon, to deliver some coals in St. Mary-Axe, and I saw a wagon, in East India-road, as I was coming home, with tarbarrels in it; I asked the carman whether he would sell them; after some few words he said he would; I offered him 6s. for them; when I got opposite the George the Fourth public-house, Kerr came up; he paid his part, and we had the tar-barrels, and took them to this place where you saw us loading them, and there left them till the morning, when you saw us"—I took Hatch and Brisley's shoes off, and went to the place where I had seen them loading them, and, in the garden of a man named Barrett, found some slight traces where persons had been walking—I then went into Mrs. Douthie's garden, which joins the prosecutor's premises, and which had been recently dug up for the purpose of sowing seed—pieces of the fence were broken off, and all the way up the fence were foot-marks which corresponded with those shoes—Hatch's shoes are very remarkable, they have no heel, and flow over the side—one of Brisley's has no heel, and the other only a bit of one, which could be discerned in the footmarks—the tracks went close up to the fence where the tar-barrels were taken from—this was on Thursday morning, the 5th—after tracing them up to the fence, I went into the prosecutor's premises, and saw the foreman and Rogers—Rogers afterwards saw the barrels at the stationhouse, and identified one which he had taken the mark of the night previous.

Hatch. Q. When I told you I had been shooting coals, did I say any body was with me? A. Yes, Brisley—you told me the carman had six barrels in his van.

Hatch. I told you he had thirty—he had been round gathering them, and we bought six—he said he came from a little below Barking, and we had some beer together at the George the Fourth public-house.





CHARLES HAGAR
 (police-constable K 271.) I was in East India-road on the 5th of March—I went with Holmes and Pope, looked into Grundy-street, and saw the prisoners loading the truck with some tarbarrels—they were in the act of putting the last of six up—I assisted in tracing the marks of the shoes—I took Kerr's shoes off, and found marks in Mrs. Douthie's garden, exactly corresponding with them—they were deep impressions—I went through the East India Dock to the Orchard-house, and there took Brisley into custody—he was at the hind part of the truck, pushing, but when I saw him before he bad hold of the handle.

Hatch. Q. What brought you to the East India-road? A. I was on

duty there—I met you in Poplar about half an hour before, but I suspected something wrong, and went to this neighbourhood.

Hatch. He says in his deposition that he went to Grundy-street from information, that no one was with him, and that he was at the end of Crisp-street. Witness. That is so—I am the acting sergeant—I was going up Crisp-street—before I came to Grundy-street, I met Holmes, and was in his company when I saw them with the tar-barrels.

Brisley. He has known me two years. Witness. I never knew him in custody—he lived with a Mr. Trail, a wood-cutter, five or six months back.





WILLIAM ROGERS

re-examined. I saw the six tar-barrels. they were such as my master had—one has a broad arrow and anchor upon it, and I know it by its having two pieces of the head to it—I had it in my hand the night before, and copied the mark on a bit of paper, and that mark corresponds with one of the six—I copied it, in consequence of my master having suspicion, for him to go to Mr. Turner's premises, to see if he could identify any that had been sold there—that was the only one I missed that had an anchor on it, and I know it by the two pieces of the head—the head had not been cut out clean, and these pieces were left on each side—I did not cut the head out myself, but I had the barrel in my hand the night previous, that I can swear.

Hatch. The anchor is a very common thing—these barrels are made at Stockholm, and each maker puts his mark on them, such as a rough anchor, or broad arrow—I have seen thousands like them, and all barrels have the heads knocked out.





THOMAS LIDDIARD
. I am foreman to the prosecutor. Holmes came to me on the 5th of March, while I was at breakfast, and in consequence of what he said I looked, and missed some barrels—I missed one which I had taken the head off from the day before—we always break the heads out as clean as possible, not to waste any tar, but this head was so fast in that two little bits remained at each side, in consequence of which a little tar had drained off, and there was the mark of the tar—I went to the station-house, and saw six barrels in a truck, one of which was the one with the two little ragged bits, which I had taken particular notice of the night before, and when that barrel was turned out it happened to be the very one of which Rogers had taken the copy of the mark—I saw the officers compare the shoes—it was a soft loamy soil, very fine, and without any stones in it—there had been a slight frost over night, which made the ground crisp at the top, and the impressions of the shoes were almost as perfect as if they had been taken in wax—one shoe in particular, with only half a heel, I never saw a more perfect one—and there were the prints of the tar-barrel hoops, as they were rolled along the ground from our premises to the place where they were loaded—there was also some dirt at the place where they were thrown over the fence, and there was a sort of tressel close by the place, which would make it convenient to get them over—I have known Brisley fifteen months—he bore an honest character—he supplied me with coals.

Hatch. Q. Is it not usual for tar-barrels to have marks of such a description as this upon them? A. Undoubtedly it is, but there is not one in twenty that has a bit of the head in it.





SAMUEL POPE
 (police-constable K 240.) I was with the other officers, and saw the prisoners in Grundy-street, in the act of putting the last barrel

in the truck—I took them into custody, close to Mr. Turner's premises—he had hold of the handle of the truck—I asked him where he got the tar-barrels from, he said be found them in a ditch in Grundy-street, close by the George the Fourth public-house—that is dose by the prosecutor's premises.

Kerr. I said I bought them. Witness. He did not.

Hatch's Defence. I and Brisley bad been to St. Mary-axe, to help to deliver two tons of coals; we met this carman with the barrels; he said he had been buying them round town, and he would sell us half-a-dozen for 6s.; we met Kerr just before we bought them, and he had enough money to purchase them; it was about half-past eight o'clock At night. It is impossible to say my shoes were ever across those gardens at all. I was never across them in my life; I was in bed at the time this was done. The officers have made quite different statements in the deposition. I am innocent of taking them from Mr. Harby's premises; I do not think they belong to Mr. Harby at all. I am in the habit of buying tar-barrels. Two years ago I sold some to Mr. Turner. I get my living in the Docks, clearing out ships, and tarring them.

Kerr's Defence. The officers did just as they liked with out shoes. I have seen many persons in those gardens. We bought the barrels of the carman.

HATCH*** 

GUILTY
. Aged 19.

KERR*** 

GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Seven Years.



BRISLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Three Months.
