



53. 




WILLIAM MASON
. was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of October, 27 printed books, value 8s.; 1 brush, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 paper knife, value 6d.; the goods of Alaric Alexander Watts: 1 composing-stick, value 2s., the goods of 



Charles Macintosh; 1 composing-stick, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



William Arrol Masson: and 1 composing-stick, value 2s., the goods of 



George William Maddick.






THOMAS HOLMAN
. I am in the employ of Mr. Alaric Alexander Watts, in Crane-court, he is proprietor of the "United Service Gazette." These books—(looking at some)—are his, and were taken from his private room in Crane-court—I do not know the prisoner—they were missed on the 17th of October, and were found at the prisoner's lodging, in my presence.





CHARLES MACINTOSH
. I am in the employ of Mr. Watts, at the "United Service Gazette" Office. I lost a composing-stick from there—this is it—(looking at one.)





WILLIAM ARROL MASSON
. I belong to the same office. I lost a composing-stick from the office—this is it—(looking at one)—I left it safe at the office on Friday night the 16th of October, and missed it the next morning—I do not know the prisoner.





WILLIAM MADDICK
. I am a compositor, and work at the same office. I lost a composing-stick from there—this is it—(looking at one.)





JOHN RADCLIFFE CHESTER
. I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner offered this composing-stick of Mr. Masson's, and I stopped it, from information I had received before.





WILLIAM POCOCK
. I took the prisoner at the pawnbroker's, and received this composing-stick there, which the prisoner was detained on.





ANN HUTCHINSON
. I am the prisoner's landlady. I live in Dean-street,

Fetter-lane—he was with me nine months, in the first-floor back room—the officer found some property there—the prisoner is a compositor.





THOMAS EAVE
. (City police-constable, No. 503.) I searched the prisoner's room—I found in his box these books, a brush, a pair of shoes, and six composing-sticks, which I have produced.

Prisoner's Defence. I assure you I am quite innocent—I never was in the offices in my life, and no witness can say they ever saw me there—I bought these goods of a person name John Ward, at the White Swan public-house in Fetter-lane—I got acquainted with him in May last—he worked at the Ladies' Magazine, which I had the management of at that time—he wanted 25s. for them—I gave him 10s. there, and told him to call the next morning at my lodging—he called, and 1 paid him the money—he gave me a receipt—I have not seen him since—he said he was going to New Zealand.

JURY. to
THOMAS HOLMAN. Q. Do you know a person of the name of Ward? A. No, there was no such person in our office.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years longer.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
