



2043. 




WILLIAM DALTON
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Cordell, on the 
3rd of August, at 
St. James's, Clerkenwell, and stealing therein 4 yards of ribbon, value 1s. his property; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY CORDELL
. I am a dyer, and live in White Lion-street, in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell; it is my dwelling-house. In consequence of something that was said to me on the 3rd of August, I noticed a square of glass in the window—it had been cracked, but a piece was forced in, and four yards of ribbon taken out—I found a piece of glass inside the window—I had observed it about twelve o'clock in the morning—it was whole then.





FREDERICK DANIELS
. I live opposite the prosecutor. On the 3rd of August, I saw the prisoner put his hand through a square of glass, and take out something, I do not know what—he put it into his pocket, and ran away—I followed him into Claremont-square—he said he was looking for some money which he had dropped in the square—I took him back to the shop.

Prisoner. He took me by the arm and whacked me; Mr. Cordell wanted to let me go, as he had lost nothing, but the witness said he would not let me go without I paid for it. Witness I never said any thing of the kind.





MATILDA CHURCHILL
. I am the wife of Henry Churchill, and live in Claremont-mews. I saw the prisoner in Claremont-square, sitting down on the stones, and saw Daniels apprehend him—the prisoner took his hat off, and dropped some ribbon from his hat, with a shilling—I was crossing the road, and picked up the shilling—a fish-man picked up the ribbon—there were two pieces—one was a bright plum colour, and the other a dark brown—two lads came up and said they knew the boy, and would take him the ribbon and shilling—the fish-man told me to give up the shilling, which I did, and he gave them the ribbon.





MARTHA ROYAL
. I conduct the business of my uncle, Mr. Cordell. The colours of the ribbons that were lost were brown and plum.





THOMAS ROSE
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody.






JOHN ROADKNIGHT
 (police-constable G 167.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I was present when he was convicted—he is the same person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
