





670. 




HENRY ANSCOMB,


 WILLIAM ANSCOMB
, and 



FRANCES ANSCOMB
 were again indicted for

 feloniously receiving, of a certain evil disposed person, on the 4th April, 23 yards of mouslin-de-laine, value 25s., the property of 



Silvanus Partridge and another, knowing it to have been stolen.






ROBERT PRICE
. I am in partnership with Silvanus Partridge. Lodonny was in our employment—he came in Feb. 1842, and left at the end of the year 1843—I know the mouslin-de-laine now produced—we had such, and have missed such—I cannot say that we have missed this—I gave directions to the officer in November last to watch Lodonny.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You cannot say when this was in your stock? A. It was in the spring of 1843—we never sell remnants.

COURT. Q. How many yards are there there? A. Eleven yards and a half, I suppose—I do not call this a remnant—they are generally in thirty yards—this was in a length of twenty-two or twenty-three yards.





HENRY REDMAN
 (police-constable G 224.) I was employed in Nov. to watch Lodonny—I saw Henry Anscomb meet Lodonny on several occasions in the evening, between six and seven o'clock, and, on the 23rd of Nov., Lodonny went into Williams's coffee-shop, opposite the Post-office—Henry Anscomb was there—they sat some time—some money passed from Henry Anscomb to Lodonny, but how much I cannot say—I went to Henry Anscomb, and took him—no promise or threat was held out to him—we asked him if he knew James Lodonny, in the employ of Partridge and Price—he said, "Yes," and he was taken there—he stated he had been in the habit of receiving lengths from Lodonny, for which he paid 1s., sometimes 2d. 6d., sometimes 4d.—I searched Mrs. Anscomb's house, and found the property which I produced on the last indictment—this other property was found at different houses of persons who had bought them—I got this one from Mrs. Johnson—I told Mrs. Anscomb that I came to take her into custody, and asked whether she had bought any dresses—she said, "Yes, the dress my

daughter has got on; the other is in the drawer, which I gave Lodonny 12s. for, which I considered the full value; that is all that I have bought"—she said she had had lengths of him, such as a yard and a half or two yards, for which she had paid sometimes 1s., and she believed them to be all his perquisites—she said, if her son Henry had done anything that was wrong, it was unknown to her—she said she had been acquainted with Lodonny upwards of twelve months—I have not found any book.





ANN JOHNSON
. I am a widow, and live at No. 4, Medcalf-place. I gave several articles up to the officer—he came and asked if I bought things of Mrs. Anscomb—I said yes, and gave them up—these things have been purchased, to the best of my knowledge, within a year and a half—at different periods—I cannot name any date—to the best of my knowledge, it was between three and four months since I bought this blue one—I gave 7s. for the one stated in the indictment—they all came from Mrs. Anscomb's—I paid who-ever brought them—there are two dresses that she must have been paid for, this cotton one, and one other—she said she had them from a young man who was in a warehouse, and they were honestly come by, she was to have 6d. on each dress, but not on the cotton one—they were not made up when I bought them, but in pieces—there is about ten yards in the red piece, and about the same in this blue one.

Cross-examined. Q. Which was the first that you bought of her? A. The red cotton one—to the best of my knowledge, that was about a year and a half ago—I cannot say which was the next—I cannot say at what date I bought the one stated in the indictment—it was in the summer; I recollect its being warm weather—this was the last piece I bought, and this is the one I bought before that—(looking at them)—I cannot tell when I bought that, whether it was before the 4th of April; I cannot recollect anything about it—Mrs. Anscomb only brought two of them, this chilli and the red cotton—they were usually brought by the daughter, who is, I think, about fourteen years old—they were never concealed in any way—I never thought there was anything wrong in the transaction I have known Mrs. Anscomb six years—she has always borne the character of an honest woman—she told me that the young man told her they were called remnants, but were part of the old stock—I was not acquainted with the value—I do not recollect her saving that the young man told her he was allowed 6d. on each dress—she said he was allowed to sell them by the warehouse.

COURT. Q. What did you give? A. Two shillings for the red cotton one; it was in two pieces—she said she sold it to oblige the young man—I gave 7s., 6s. 6d. and 6s. for the others.





JAMES LODONNY
. I have been robbing my masters regularly for fifteen months—I have stolen sixty or seventy pieces from them—I gave almost all of them to Henry Anscomb; all but a very few—I took this green dress from the warehouse, and gave it to Henry; I cannot say where; he came to the Post-office, and it was about the Post-office somewhere—he was not within twenty yards of the warehouse at that time—he used to meet me at the back of the Post-office—I got 3s. 6d. for this dress—it was put down to the account—I did not see the account at that time, I did afterwards with the father—I had some conversation with the mother about this dress, not with the father—she has sometimes shewn me a pattern, and asked me to let her have a dress or two in the course of the week—I am sure of that, and she showed me a pattern, and I in consequence got her some sometimes, and sometimes I did not, according as it happened—they were all put down to this account—there was once a slight disagreement with me and Mrs. Anscomb about the account—she asked me how much money Henry brought

down—I said 2s.—she said that he ought to have brought 3s. 6d.—10s. was the last amount I received for these articles—it was put down to the account—I agreed with Henry as to what was to be put down—I told him to tell his mother, and he said, "Very well"—he has paid me money himself when I brought him the goods, sometimes as high as 15s.—I generally brought out the goods under my coat—I never saw the book only when I saw it with the father—it was only a sheet of paper doubled up.

Cross-examined. Q. You were rather fond of theatrical amusements? A. I have been sometimes, about once a week—I never performed—I am only acquainted with one actor—I never took any parcels that I stole, over Blackfriars-bridge—I never acted at Sadler's-wells or White Conduit-house—Mrs. Anscomb said that as they sold so cheap at our place, she would try and save some money, and come down to the warehouse and buy some there; she would try to save up 5l.;, and come down to the warehouse and buy a good parcel—I never told her that I was stealing these things from my masters—I always mentioned the price at which they were to be sold.
(JAMES BRANNAN gave the same evidence as in the former case.)

HENRY ANSCOMB*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.


FRANCES ANSCOMB—



GUILTY.—Recommended to mercy.







Confined Four Months.


WILLIAM ANSCOMB—


NOT GUILTY
.
