




160. 




ANN BOWYER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of November, 2 petticoats, value 3s.; and 1 pair of trowsers, value 18d.; the goods of 




Joseph Parfitt; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH PARFITT
. I am a policeman, and live at No. 5, Ann's-buildings, Leather-lane. On the evening of the 2nd of November I was called by Mrs. Emmerson, and received from her a pair of trowsers and two petticoats—I took the prisoner into custody—the trowsers are my property.





ELIZABETH PARFITT
. I am the prosecutor's wife. These petticoats are mine—I hung them out to dry in the back yard of my house, about half-past three o'clock—they were safe at half-past seven—I left the door open.





LUCY EMMERSON
. I live near Leather-lane. On the 2nd of November I was near the prosecutor's house, and saw the prisoner—I saw her try every door—at last she went to the prosecutor's—the street-door was open—she went into the house, into the back yard, and came out with something in her apron—I gave an alarm, and stopped her—she threw the things down—I picked them up—the prosecutor claimed them.

Prisoner's Defence. I met a person whom I knew in Leather-lane; I told her my troubles, and she gave me 1s. and a pint of beer; she said she had no more with her, but if I would come with her she would make me a present of 6d.; she went away, came again, and said she had got something, but could not bring it out; I then went to her home, as she said, and she said, "You go and pledge my child's petticoat and my own." I went, and found them wrapped up with the trowsers—I was to come to her at Hatton-garden, but before I could get there the witness took me. I looked to see if I could see the woman, but could not, and I afterwards heard she did not live there.





ROBERT NICHOLLS
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—she is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 51.—


Transported for Seven Years.
