




35. 




GEORGE GAMBLE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
18th of July, at St. Michael, Corn hill, 8 watches, value 160l., the goods of 



John French, his master, in the dwelling-house of 



Peter Pattison; and 





ADOLPHUS WILLIAM BODILL



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. BODKIN. conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN GRAY
 (police-constable C 10.) On Saturday night, the 18th of Oct., in consequence of information, I went to Mr. Masters' s, a pawnbroker's shop, in Brewer-street, about half-past eight o'clock—I was in plain clothes—I found the prisoner Bodill in the shop—his back was towards me, and when I went into the shop, I said, by mistake, "Mr. Gamble"—he turned round, and said, "My name is not Gamble, it is Bodill"—I then saw it was Bodill—I knew him before—I asked him when he saw Gamble last—he said, "About an hour ago, at Croft's public-house, in Windmill-street, Haymarket"—I suppose he knew me—he said he had an appointment with him at the General Wolfe's Head, Clement's-lane, City, at nine o'clock—I said, "You must consider yourself in custody for stealing watches from Mr. French"—I

took him to the station, searched him, and on his person I found 110 duplicates and two gold watches, which I produce—I questioned him about the duplicates—he said they were given to him in the course of the day by Gamble—I took possession of the watches—he said nothing about them at that time—I saw him again on the Monday morning, in the cell of the station—he then said the two watches were taken out to be sent back to Mr. French—among the 110 duplicates, there are eight for watches pledged at Fleming's—I knew Bodill before, but had never spoken to him—I knew Gamble before, and had seen them both go into No. 9, Panton-street—they frequently entered there—sometimes together, and sometimes separately—it is Mr. Rowland's house, and I saw them once at No. 16 1/2, Castle-street, Leicester-square, the bottom part of which is a coffee-shop, the upper part is used as a gaming-house—I saw them there on Sunday morning, the 3rd of Aug., as I sat in the coffee-shop—they came from up stairs between four and five o'clock in the morning, and went out.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have been hunting this out for a long time, have not you? A. I was not hunting this affair then—the first intimation I had of this was at the latter end of Sept.—I have not been in the gambling-house, 16J, Castle-street—I was present when a charge was made against it as a gambling-house, and the parties were convicted—I believe it has been used as a gaming-house ever since July—I know it by report—I had received information of both of them, and was watching—I went to the pawnbroker's, expecting him to be redeeming two watches, but was not told any appointed time—after leaving Bodill at the station I went to Croft's, and received information that Gamble had been there, and was gone—Gamble was taken a little after nine o'clock that evening, at the Waterman's Arms, Haymarket—I found a list on Bodill—it refers to some of the 110 duplicates the two watches I took from him were Nos. 5,104 and 659—the pawnbroker, said they had been taken out of pawn that day—the eight duplicates are for property pawned at different times.

MR. BADKIN
Q. Did you hear that they had been taken out that day by pledging another watch which Mr. French claimed? A. Yes, pawned by Bodill.
(The list produced was an account of articles of jewellery, and nearly 100 watches, with sums against them amounting altogether to 708l.)





JOHN WALL
 (policeman.) On Saturday night, the 18th of Oct., about half-past nine o'clock, I apprehended Gamble at the Waterman's Arms, Haymarket—I told him I took him on a charge of stealing several watches the property of his late master and other persons—I brought him out of the house to take him to the station, and as we came out, I had said nothing to him but told him the charge—I held out no inducement to him—he said, "It is a bad job, I am in a mess, I have nothing but transportation before me"—I asked if he had any duplicates about him—he said, "No, I have not"—I asked if he had not some during the day—he said, "No, I have not"—I asked if he had not given some to some person during the day—he said, "No, I have not"—I took him to the station, searched him, and found a memorandum-book and a variety of papers, three or four bill-stamps, filled up, and two stamps accepted in blank, in the name of A. W. Bodill, payable at 57, Commercial-road, Lambeth—the three filled up have not his name on them—while I was searching him he said, "I have to thank Bodill"—I afterwards searched Gamble's lodging, at 21, Stamford-street, Waterloo-road, and found some papers, which I produce.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Among other things did you find on him a variety of invoices for watches sold to Gamble? A. Yes.


MR. BODKIN. Q. They appear to be invoices from watch-makers to Gamble? A. Yes, the parties who were the sellers appeared at Marlborough-street—Mr. Wymark and Gibbons were there—I believe none of the invoices refer to the watches, the subject of this indictment.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE
Q. Were any watches produced at Marlborough-street having reference to either of these documents? A. I believe not then—at the third examination various pawnbrokers produced watches relating to the invoices, and I saw duplicates produced relating to them—I believe Gray has them.





WILLIAM FRENCH
. I live with my brother, John French, a watch and chronometer maker, 80, Cornhill; he occupies the basement and ground floor. Peter Pattison is the owner of the house, and some of his servants reside there—it is in the parish of St. Michael, Cornhill—Gamble has been in my brother's employ nearly four years, and in my father's four more—our business is very extensive—the two watches found on Bodill are the property of customers of ours, in our care (looking at eight watches, Nos. 8128, 2163, 6803, 5837, 7574, 2751, 54295, and 4229)—these, Nos. 2163 and 4229 are job watches, brought by customers to be repaired, the others are my brother's—one of the job watches was brought by Mr. Gilmore, and the other by Barry—we have missed watches of this kind from the stock since these discoveries have taken place—No. 2183 is worth about 40l. two of the watches are worth rather less than 5l.—the value of the whole is rather more than 100l.—Gamble was dismissed from my brother's service on Thursday, 16th Oct.—after he was in custody, in consequence of a message sent to me I went to see him in Tothillfields prison—I said nothing to induce him to say anything to me—I cautioned him, after the officer who was present cautioned him—I said, "Whatever you say, Gamble, will be used against you, therefore use your discretion"—he said he felt deeply sorry for having done what he had, and proceeded to make a statement to me, which I reduced to writing within three hours—I did not say it would be better or worse for him if he made a statement (looking at his memorandum)—he said he had on various occasions given Henderson watches stolen from Mr. French, to pawn, and also to Bodill—that this had been going on for many months—that Henderson never gave either money or duplicates to him, nor did Bodill—that Bodill and Henderson were both repeatedly pressed by him to give back the duplicates, as he intended to confess all to Mr. French, that Bodill having once got him into his power threatened him to discover him to Mr. French, in order to obtain more property from him—that in no instance had Gamble intercepted watches to be sent to customers, Mr. P----'s case excepted—he had never pawned or stolen new work himself, that is gold or silver cases—that it always was his intention to confess his guilt to Mr. French, and implore his mercy—that he did so now because he felt Mr. French's kindness had been returned by great ingratitude, and he saw no way of making reparation but to give every information by which Mr. French might recover his property—that he had no defence of his conduct to make, and imputed his disgrace principally to Bodill's persuasion—that Bodill recommended him to establish a French hazard bank, in Panton-street, by way of getting money—that he consented to do so—that apartments were accordingly taken by Bodill and Eustace, that gambling was carried on, in which Gamble was generally a loser.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE
Q. Do you remember when either of the two job watches came into your brother's possession? A. I have the book here—one is entered in my own writing, and the other in Gamble's—I believe No. 2163 came a year ago—I have not seen it since I returned from Ireland, which was in Aug., I went on the 7th or 8th of July—I have not seen it since

that—I think I saw knot long before I went—I think I had not seen it since June, but we have so many—No. 4229 was taken in on the 7th of July—I took it in the day before I left—I have not seen it since, till before the Magistrate—I have seen all the watches produced—I saw No. 8128 on the 12th of May—I have not seen No. 6803 since Dec. 1844.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you interested in the profits of the business? A. No, the business is entirely my brother's—I am not paid according to the profits or losses—I was not sent for to receive Gamble's confession—a lady came on two occasions to beg I would go, and stated that he wished me to go and see him, as he had a great deal to unburden his mind of.

Q. Did you learn from Gamble that he had taken these articles from time to time as he had opportunity? A. Oh, yes—lie had taken them for many months—he did not say he took one whenever he could—his words were, I believe, that this had been going on for many months, and that he never pawned himself—I was present at the examination at the police-court—one pawnbroker said he believed Gamble was the person who pawned one watch.

MR. BADKIN
Q. Had there been any examination before the magistrate before you went to the prison and got the statement? A. There had been two examinations—they had been committed—Gamble stated that many of the watches my brother thought fit to return to the pawnbrokers were ours—Gamble was present at both examinations—I did not know that any of the watches, except 4229, was gone from the stock till after Gamble had left us—I missed that after my return from Ireland, as the gentleman it belonged to happened to ask me himself for it—I spoke to Gamble about it—he said it had been sent back to Alexander, the workman, to repair.





WILLIAM BOORE
. I am assistant to Mr. Flemming, pawnbroker, St. martin's-lane—here are seven duplicates and a declaration of the loss of a duplicate—they were issued from our house—on the 2nd of June, 1845, this watch, No. 8128, was pawned in the name of Bradstock, by Bod ill, for 15l. on the 18th of July—2163 was pawned by Bodill in the same name for 7l. or 8l., and next day he brought another watch, and both were put together on one duplicate, dated the 18th for 17l.—on the 30th of August, 4229 was pawned in the name of Bradstock—I do not know who by—on the 2nd of June, 54295 was pawned in the name of Bradstock—I do not know who by—on the 27th of May, 2751 was pawned in the name of Bradstock—I have three other watches pawned on the days the duplicates are dated by persons I do not know, and not in the name of Bradstock—they correspond with the other numbers—the duplicates were given to the parties by whom they were pawned—I know Bodill as a customer pawning at our shop—I knew him by the name of Bradstock, never by any other name.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were you at the first examination? A. No, I think it was the second or third—Gamble was present, and heard my statement about the watches.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe it is very common for persons to pawn in another name? A. Very often—I did not take in any of the eight watches—I was present on the 2nd of June when one was pawned—I was not present on the 18th, but was when he came the following day and had two put together—I think it was July, not June—the other six are in the hand-writing of four different persons.

MR. FRENCH
re-examined. When Gamble made the statement to me the last witness had been examined in his presence.





MARRY ANN AGNES ROWLAND
. I am the wife of Daniel Rowland, tailor, 9, Panton-street, Haymarket—a Mr. Eustace hired two sitting rooms on my

first floor—I saw both the prisoners there the night they were taken, but not both at the same time—Gamble was present when Eustace made the bargain for the apartments—I saw Bodill in about an hour, or hour and a half—it was about a fortnight after we had taken the house, in the early part of April—they continued to come to the rooms up to the time they were taken into custody—the two sitting rooms opened with folding doors, and were furnished—they had bed-rooms let to them, but not at the same time—I have seen them several times at the rooms—I did not open the door to them, but have seen them both there together and separate, and Eustace also—the rooms appeared to be used most in the evening—I Knew some time after, what they were taken for, but not at the time—I gave them notice to quit—this is the notice—(looking at it)—it is signed by my husband—I gave it to a My Friend, of Leicester-square, to give them the notice—I do not know whether either of the prisoners were in the house at the time—I made out this bill, and gave it to the waiter—he was their servant—Eustace appeared to be the master—the bill is made out to the prisoner Bodill, and is for a week's rent and articles 3l. 8s. 6d.—Gamble paid me that bill—these papers were found on Gamble)—I remember once going into the room, and saw them playing at cards—Eustace and some gentlemen were there, but not either of the prisoners—I was paid for the occupation of the rooms while they were there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON
Q. You have seen the prisoners come out of the rooms Eustace took, together and separate? A. Yes, he took the rooms about a fortnight after Lady-day—I generally saw the prisoners there once a week—when I have sent up for the rent one or the other came down—the policeman did not advise me to give them notice.





GEORAGE HODGKINSION
. I have been in the prosecutor's employ for about seventeen years—I have seen Bodill repeatedly in the shop—he came to see Gamble; and I have seen him outside the shop, at the corner of Finch-lane, waiting at the corner three or four times a day looking in at our side window—I never saw him in Gamble's company except in the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. He was looking as if waiting for Gamble? A. Looking out for him, I supposed.
(Matthew Wood, artist, of Berner's-street; and Thomas Wood, a stock-broker, gave Gamble a good character.)

GAMBLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Ten Years.


BODILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

(There were five other indictments against Gamble, and two others against Bodill.)

First Jury, before Mr. Justice Coltman.

