




302. 




ROBERT ALLEN
 was indicted

for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Mark Flood, on the 
26th of Nov., at the hamlet of Ratcliff, and stealing therein, 1 blanket, value 4s.; 1 counterpane, 10s.; 1 bolster, 6s.; 2 sheets, 5s.; 3 pillows, 10s.; 1 curtain, 6d., I night-gown, 1s.; 1 cap, 4d., 1 bolster-case, 6d., and 3 pillow-cases, 18d., his goods: and




DEBORAH HAWKINS


, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.






CATHERINE FLOOD
. I am the wife of Mark Flood, and live in the hamlet of Ratcliff. On Saturday, the 26th of Nov. I left my front-parlour between five and six o'clock, and went into the back-room on the same floor—I returned about a quarter to six, found the window open, and the articles stated gone—the bed was stripped—I am sure I had shut the window down, but it was not fastened.





WILLIAM LEE
 (police-constable K 268.) I received information, and apprehended the prisoner Allen in a public-house in Brook-street, Ratcliff, on Sunday night, the 4th of Dec.—I took him to the station on suspicion of another robbery—I then went to No. 6, Paul's-buildings, Ratcliff, with Taplin, another officer—as we came up to the door Hawkins came up—I asked if she lived there with Robert Allen—she said she did—I said I wanted to search her room—I went up with her and Taplin, and on a line in the room I found this night-gown—I asked how long she had had it—she said, "A long time"—I looked in the bed, and saw the sheets, pillow and case, and other things—I had a list of Mr. Flood's things at the time—I asked how long she had had those things—she said she had bought them—I said, "Can you tell me where?"—she said, "Here, in the room"—I asked if some one brought then for sale to her—she then said that she did not buy them, but that her husband bought them of a young man one day when she was out—I left her in the room with Taplin, and went to Mrs. Flood, who came and claimed the things—I then took Hawkins with the things to the station where Allen was—I told him I had brought a lot of things from his house which had been stolen, and that his wife said he had bought them of a young man in the room—he said, "I did not steal them, I bought them last Thursday up the lane; that is all I have to say about it."





WILLIAM PUGH
. I live in Elizabeth-street, Dorset-street, Ratcliff. On the last Saturday evening in Nov., about six o'clock, I was coming home with some grocery, and by the railway I saw two boys running with a great bundle between them—one of the boys was about seventeen or eighteen years old—I do not know either of them; it was so very dark I could not see their faces—they were abort forty yards from the prosecutor's house, coming as from Stepney-causeway—that does not lead from the prosecutor's—they were going at the side, not going by it—about ten minutes afterwards my mother sent me out for some bread, and as I came back I saw another boy at the same place, by the railway, with a blanket rolled under his arm—it was a person about the same size as Allen.





MARY HURLEY
. I live in Ball's-buildings, Ratcliff-cross; the two prisoners took a room of me. Last Saturday fortnight I was waiting for my husband to come home, and at six o'clock in the evening I saw Allen pass my door with a bundle on his back, going through the passage—he took it up stairs into the back-room, which was his room—I also saw Hawkins with a

bundle under her cloak, which she took up stairs into the hack room—Allen's brother (the prisoner last tried) came in a few minutes after, and the prisoners had then gone out—the following week I went to their room to borrow a broom; I knocked at the door, it went open, and I saw the two prisoners emptying a feather bolster into a tick, and the feathers were flying out—I said, "Mrs. Allen, you are very busy."

MRS. FLOOD
re-examined. I have looked over all these things; they are all I lost, except the blanket and quilt, which are not here—some of the feathers have been emptied out of my bolster and pillows.

Alien's Defence. On the night of the robbery I was at Mr. Ramsay's, at the top of Old Gravel-lane, from twenty minutes after five till eight o'clock; I went home to get some money to get some supper, and returned back to Mr. Ramsay's, where I stopped till eleven; I bought the things on Thursday, up the lane, for 11s.

Hawkins's Defence. All that Hurley says is false.

ALLEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

HAWKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.





Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Alder son.

