






1807. 




THOMAS COOPER,



 GEORGE JONES,



 FRANCIS PEACOCK
, and 




WILLIAM PEARCE



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Cohen, with intent to steal: Jones, Peacock, and Pearce, having been before convicted. 
MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS KELLY
 (police-sergeant, H 2). On Monday, 20th Aug., I went with Wigley and Gilford, for the purpose of observing Mr. Cohen's premises—I concealed myself in a house nearly opposite, and directed Wigley to secrete himself on Mr. Cohen's premises—about eleven o'clock, I saw the four prisoners come down the street together, and stand directly opposite where I was concealed—I knew them before—the prisoners are the persons—they were not two feet from me—they stopped some time, then went away, and all four returned in about five minutes—previous to that they were loitering

about for a few minutes; not together; Cooper and Jones were nearer the door than Pearce and Peacock, who stood behind, covering them—Cooper put something to the door, and I heard a noise, as if something was applied to the key-hole—I saw his hand worked backwards and forwards, but they could not open the door—they then said something to one another, which I could not hear—Cooper or Jones then put something to the door, and it flew open in a moment—one of them, I cannot say which, cried, "It's in!"—they then all went away for a few minutes, and returned—Jones and Cooper entered the house, and the others remained three or four yards from the door—there was then some exclamation of," They are in!" and the moment that was said, one of them called out, "Nammas!" which is a flash word, and means, "Run away"—Pearce and Peacock then ran away, and I got out and secured Jones, and told him the charge—he made no answer then, but on the way to the station he said all I could do was to lag him—I searched him at the station, and found a box of silent matches—on the Thursday night following I took Peacock, at the Red Cross, Bethnal-green—he said all I could do would be to lag him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you? A, In a house opposite—the shutters were so that I could peep through—there was a lamp over the door—there was somebody with me; he was not looking through the same window—I know a man named Hurley well; he is a thief—I do not know whether he has anything to do with keeping a brothel; his father keeps a low lodging-house for thieves—Gilford was with me—I do not know that he has married one of the people from that house—I did not have the ease put off that he might be married—I do not know that he married at the time this case was going on—I did not know of his marriage till after it was done—I took Hurley up—he was let go because I did not swear to him—on my oath it was not Hurley, but Cooper, who was moving at the door—there was no other man but the four prisoners—the house is in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel.

Cross-examined by
MR. MEW. Q. How do you know it was eleven o'clock? A. Because I heard the Tower clock—the house in which I was, was five yards off—I searched Jones and found a box of matches, and a tobacco-box on him.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Were these the back premises? A. Yes; there was a lamp exactly over where I was—it was sufficiently lighted for me to see.





ROBERT GIFFORD
 (policeman H 89). On Monday night, 20th Aug., I placed myself in a house commanding a view of Mr. Cohen's premises, about twenty yards off—at eleven o'clock the prisoners came down the street—I had known them for months before, and am sure they are the same people—I am not mistaken in any of them—they passed me several times for about twenty minutes—about twenty minutes past eleven they went up to Mr. Cohen's premises, and were fumbling at the door—I saw their arms working—Pearce and Peacock appeared in conversation behind the other two—there was a pause, and the door went in with a report as if forced, and the whole four left the door quickly, not in the direction I was—in a few minutes they returned, and Cooper and Jones went into the house, leaving Pearce and Peacock on the opposite side, six or seven yards off—when they had been in a minute or two, I heard an exclamation, and saw Pearce and Peacock run away in the same direction—in a minute afterwards, Cooper and Jones ran out of the house—Cooper was fifteen or twenty yards in advance—I saw Jones taken by Sergeant Kelly, on which Cooper turned back, and when

within seven OT ten yards of me, he appeared unbuttoning his trousers—I grasped him by the neck-handkerchief, and snatched this life-preserver (produced) which was hanging under his coat from a small loop—the snatch I gave it broke the string—I searched him, and found in his pocket this screw-driver and skeleton key—with Mr. Cohen's assistance I took him to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you seen these same people there on the Sunday night? A. Yes; I am quite sure I saw Cooper there on both nights—it was about a quarter to ten o'clock on Sunday night, and I heard a grating in the lock as if keys were being used, and they were there again at ten o'clock—I am quite sure Cooper was there at a quarter to ten and at ten—I cannot be mistaken; I knew him so long before—I know a thief named Hurley—I did not take him up—he was not taken up on this charge and let go again—I have been married during the investigation before the Magistrate, not to some one out of the house Hurley lives in—she was no acquaintance of his—his father is a beer-shop and lodging-house keeper—the person I married lived some distance from there, at a shop, not a lodging-house.

Cress-examined by
MR. REPTON. Q. Where were you stationed? A, In a house fifteen or twenty yards from the prosecutor's house, on the opposite side—there was a lamp opposite—the street is not so well lighted as others, but at that spot it was—I stationed myself there in consequence of what I bad seen on the Sunday night—I went, having the knowledge that something would occur.

Cross-examined by
MR. MEW. Q. Having obtained information, did you take Hurley? A. I did not—he did not say '* It was not me and Peacock, but Peacock and Pearce that were there"—Hurley has, not been taken up on this charge at all.





JOSEPH COHEN
. I am owner of the premises, 49, Prescott-street, in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel. I secured the premises that night, leaving this bag on the top of the counter in the warehouse—it is mine—I left at ten o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. REPTON. Q. Do you live in the house? A, Yes—I am a clothier.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Is not the warehouse separate from the dwelling-house? A. No, it forms a portion of it—I built it on the garden—you can get there without going into the street.





EDWARD WIGLEY
 (policeman, H 141). On Monday, the 20th, I was in Mr. Cohen's warehouse, and found this bag on the stairs, three or four yards from the counter—I beard the noise at the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. REPTON. Q. Where were you? A, Seven or eight yards from the door—I had no light—the warehouse is about three yards from the staircase—I did not bear the prisoners enter—I was there to see that no one came in—I did not go to the door when it was broken in—I should have let them taken anything, if they liked—any one could have come in without my hearing them—I was under the counter—I walked downstairs, and found Cooper and Jones in custody—two men slept on the premises. MR. PAYNE
called






SAMUEL GWYNNIES
. I am the father of Cooper; his name is Gwynnies. On Sunday, the day before he was taken, he was out with me from six in the morning till nine at night, and we sat and talked till ten, and then had supper, was a quarter-past eleven before he left my house—we went five miles

past Croydon to get the air—my little boy and my other son went with us—my daughter Mary Ann, and my son William, and my wife, were with us from nine o'clock—my wife is ill—my son's wife was there—she is not here.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Have you been in Court and heard Mr. Payne's speech? A. Yes—my boy is ten years old—he was asleep when his brother went, or he would have been here—we had some ham for supper, which we brought home from Croydon—we had taken it with us—four or five persons, I believe, sat down to supper, with the children—we had some bread and pudding—I believe it was the remains of an apple pie—there is a clock in the room where we were—I looked at it, and we could hear Spitalfields' clock, which is against our house—it was a minute or two before nine when we came home—it was not one minute past—we had a pot of beer with our supper—we had no brandy and water—my wife paid for the beer—I will not swear which of the children fetched it—I drank part of it—there was no smoking—the prisoner left because he does not live at my house—I am a silk-velvet weaver, and work at home for Mr. Brooks—I should say it is twenty minutes' walk from my house to Prescott-street—I do not know Jones—I have not seen him with my son—I do not know a public-house called the Duke of Sussex—I told my children to speak the truth, and nothing but the truth, and if he was out at ten, of course they will tell you the truth about it—I do not remember telling them to say he was at home between nine and eleven—I will not swear I did not, because I do not remember that I did.





MART ANN GWINNIES
. On Sunday, the day before my brother was taken, my father went out with him—they came home at nine o'clock, and I was with him till quarter-past eleven.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was he on Saturday night or on Friday night? A. I don't know—we were sitting and talking on Sunday night; there was no smoking—we had some ham I believe for supper; there was nothing else that I know of—I do not think they had any thing to drink—there was no pudding or tart—my father has not told me it was important to say my brother was there; I have not had any conversation with him about it—my brother is married—my little brother went to sleep I believe after supper—my mother and one of my little brothers went out with my father and brother.





WILLIAM GWINNIES
. I am the brother of the last witness. On Sunday, the day before my brother was taken, I was at home—my father came home with my brother Samuel at nine o'clock in the evening.

COURT. Q. Was there nobody else with them? A. No—they had gone out in a horse and cart—my mother did not go, nor my younger brother—my brother went away at past eleven o'clock—we had ham for supper that night; nothing else—I was at home when the chaise-cart went away, and so was my mother and little brother, ten years old.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. How do you know it was nine o'clock? A. Because the church clock struck nine—we have a clock in the house.

JURY
to
ROBERT GIFFORD. Q. How long would it take to walk from Spitalfields Church to Prescott-street? A. Six or seven minutes.





WILLIAM CHARLES POTTER
 (policeman, K 212). I produce a certificate of Jones's conviction—(read—Convicted July, 1847, and confined one year)—I was present; he is the person.





JEREMIAH HAYES
 (City policeman, 513). I produce a certificate—(read—William Stevens, convicted Jan., 1848, and confined six months)—I was present; Pearce is the party.






WILLIAM CHILDS
. I am a beadle—I produce a certificate—(read John Christian, convicted July, 1849, and confined one year)—I was present; Peacock is the person.




GUILTY.



COOPER—Aged 23.PEARCE—Aged 21.

JONES—Aged 24. PEACOCK—Aged 22. — 





Transported for fifteen years.


(Thomas Kelly, policeman, stated that the prisoners were all regular thieves, and that eight or nine burglaries had taken place in the neighbourhood.)
