



2575. 




JAMES HARRISON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
26th of September, 8 1/4 yards of woollen cloth, value 5l. 13s.; 2 1/4 yards of satin, value 1l.; and 4 1/2 yards of woollen-cloth, called tweed, value 1l.; the goods of 



William White and another.






JOHN TOWERS
. I am a woollen-draper, in the service of William White and Greenwell, in Black friars-road. On the 26th of September, the prisoner purchased goods to the amount of 7l. 7s. 3d.—they were to be sent to the Bell public-house, Fleet-street—they were sent to the prisoner's time—he gave his name as Simpson—they were to be directed to that name, and he said if he was not there, his friend would pay for them—he did not describe who his friend was—I sent Frederick White, our boy, with the goods, and requested him not to part with them till he got the money in one hand and the goods in the other—he returned without the money or goods.

Prisoner. Q. Have you seen me before in your warehouse? A. Yes, and you have purchased goods, but the amount has been so very trifling that it led me to have suspicion of you—you have not purchased one-half of the amount of these goods.





FREDERICK WHITE
. Towers told me to take the goods to the Bell public-house, in Fleet-street, and to have the money before I parted with them—when I got there I found the prisoner in the parlour—he said his friend had not been there, and I was there rather too soon—he asked me to drink, which I refused—he read about the murder at Ludlow to me, and two or three other things, and told me many other things—after waiting half an hour he took the bill and the parcel off the table, and said he would go up stairs and get the money—I waited in the parlour ten minutes—I then went out and waited about the lobby half an hour—I never got the goods or money—I told the landlady about it, and the prisoner was not to be found.

Prisoner. I did not take them without your permission? Witness. You took the parcel, and said you would go up stairs and fetch the money.





CHARLES WILLIAM PARR
. I am assistant to Mr. Walton, a pawnbroker, in Mount-street, Lambeth. I produce a piece of cloth—I cannot say who brought it—it was pawned with another piece for 2l. on the 26th of September—on the 1st of October a person, who I believe to be the prisoner, came and took part of it away again, and paid me 18s. for it.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear to my person? A. No, it was a man about the same height—this is the counterpart of the duplicate.





HYACINTH CLARK
 (police-constable H 149.) I took the prisoner on

another charge, and found six duplicates on him, and one relating to this piece of cloth—it corresponds with this other.





HENRY SOUTH
. I am waiter at the Bell public-house in Fleet-street. The prisoner came there on the 26th of September, called for a pint of beer and a pipe, and said there would be a parcel brought for Mr. Simpson—Frederick White came live minutes after—I showed him into the parlour where the prisoner sat—I do not know what became of him afterwards—the prisoner did not lodge in the house—he only came in just before.

Prisoner's Defence. These goods were not stolen. The indictment contains the absurd charge of stealing; they might at well charge me with robbing their warehouse. As I did not forcibly take the parcel away, can any one say I did not intend to return them? but having dealt with both of these prosecutors, I presumed I should be able to pay them. Had another week arrived, without molestation from my prosecutors, I should have arranged the proceedings with them; but both the prosecutors came in full array against me. I allow having acted an imprudent part; and had the indictment been of a milder character, I should not have taken up your time.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
