





1114. 




JOHN JONES
 and 




JOHN PERCELL
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 bag, value 6d.; and 361bs. weight of coffee, 1l. 15s.; the goods of 



George Butler.






GEORGE BUTLER
. I live at No. 114, Drury-lane. On the 21st of April I left my shop for a few minutes, about a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening—I left about forty pounds of roasted coffee in a bag in the shop—I returned in about ten minutes—it was then gone—I went to the station in about a quarter of an hour, and saw it—it was worth 35s. or 2l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was this coffee? A. At the door—I know this bag by the letter T, and the number being on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. Was it close to the door? A. Just inside—a person passing by might have reached it, but I think they could not have lifted it up without entering—they must have been close to it to have lifted it, unless they had been very strong.





GEORGE STALEY
. I am shopman to the prosecutor; I was left in charge of his shop during his absence. The prisoner Percell came into the shop for some low-priced figs—I stooped under the counter to get them—when I got them up he said he would not have them, he would have some better—I looked out some of the best we had—after some words, he refused them, and said he would have some better—I said we had not any better—he then leaned over the counter, laughed, and asked how much those were which I had showed him first—I said 1 1/2d.—he said he would have them—he then went away—my master came, and missed the coffee.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. It is not a very unusual thing for customers to say an article is not good enough? A. No; but I should think it strange if they were to change their minds very soon—there were four or five persons in the shop when Percell came in—I was actively engaged.

JAMESDUNN (police-sergeant F 20.) Between eight and nine o'clock in the evening of the 21st of April I was on duty, in plain clothes, in Drury-lane—I saw the prisoners, and a person who is not in custody, out-side Mr. Butler's door—I saw Percell leave them and go into the shop—the one not in custody then took a bag of coffee from the door, and carried it to a coffee-shop door a little higher up—Jones was with him at the time, and went with him when he carried the bag—the other put it down at the coffee-shop door—Jones then took it up, and carried it a few doors down Princes-street, where he was followed by another constable, and dropped it—a crowd of persons assembled round where the coffee was, and I laid hold of a man whom I thought was the man that had escaped, but it appeared I was mistaken—I then saw Percell come into the crowd—I told I person to hold the bag, and I pursued Percell, who ran away for about five minutes, and ran 400 or 500 yards—while he was running he kept saying several times,"What do you want me for?"—I took him—I had frequently seen him, but I did not know his name—I know him by sight, so as to know that he was with the other two at the prosecutor's door.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far were you off? A. I passed them—when I saw them take the coffee I was about fifty yards off—I heard them muttering together when I passed.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. Is not that place very much crowded? A. It is sometimes—it was night, but not quite dark.






THOMAS LANGDALE
 (police-constable F 121.) I was on duty in Princes-street, Drury-lane, on the 21st of April, between eight and nine o'clock—I saw Jones carrying a bag—on my approaching him he threw it down, and ran away—I pursued him into Drury-lane, and found him among some tubs and the materials for making a sewer—I laid hold of him, and took him to the station—I found in his pocket a few grains of roasted coffee—the coffee that was in the bag was ranted, and the mouth of the bag was open.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNS. Q. Where were you when you first saw Jones? A. In Princes-street, which is about 200 yards from where the sewer is being made—there are three turnings between where I first saw him, and the sewer—when I took him he said he had been there for a necessary purpose—I found these grains of coffee in his right hand coat pocket—there were a good many people about, and a good many running—we cried, "Stop thief!"

JONES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

PERCELL*—


GULLTY
. Aged 12.





Transported for seven years.

