



2432. 




HENRY SELF
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of September, handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 



Duncan Forbes McKay from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






DUNCAN FORBES M'KAY
. I am a bookseller. On the 15th of September about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming up the steps on the eastern side of London-bridge, and at the top of the steps I felt a pull at my pocket—I turned, and found the prisoner behind me, and my hand kerchief dropped almost between his legs—I called, "Police," and seized him by the waistcoat, but he tore it open, got out of my hands, and ran away with a companion as hard as he could—I lost sight of them for the or four minutes—when I came to Arthur-street, I saw him maltreating one of the witnesses—I recognized him, and gave him into custody—I swear positively he is the person—this is my handkerchief—(looking at it.)





CHARLES PALMER
. I was walking under the archway, across Thames street—I heard voices shouting, "Stop thief" very loud, and the prisoner came running down the steps as hard as he could—he came butt against me

and turned me round—conceiving there was something wrong I followed him up the next flight of steps, and saw him wending among the cabs—I went to the end of the cab-stand, came abreast of him, put my hand up, and said, "Stop, the police are after you"—he immediately struck me very violently in the face, and hit me right and left—several gentlemen surrounded him, and laid hold of him—he tried to writ a stick from a bystander, and said, with dreadful imprecations, that if he could have got it, he would have laid me low, for I had been too long on the face of the earth—the police took him to the station-house, but he behaved so violently, even when he had the handcuffs on, that I was afraid to come near him.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been at work, and was going to call on my sister; I met a young man, and had a glass too much; as I was coming over the bridge, there were two laborers before me; the gentleman turned round; his handkerchief laid on the ground; he accused me of picking his pocket, but he cannot say he saw me throw it down.





JOHN BLANSINLEY
. I was formerly inspector of the London and Birmingham Railway police—I got this certificate from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was a witness on the trial—the prisoner is the person who was then convicted.

Prisoner. I never saw that gentleman before. Witness, I was the person who took him, and was in Court when he was tried.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
