



2303. 




WILLIAM SIMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of August, 2 watches, value 5l.; and 2 guard-chains, value 2l.; the goods of 



George Shaw, his master, in his dwelling-house.






GEORGE SHAW
. I am a shoemaker, and live in John-street, Edgeware-road, in the parish of St. Marylebone—it is my dwelling-house. The prisoner was in my service, to work in the shop by me at ladies' shoemaking—he lived out of the house. On the 13th of August one of my watches was on a mantel-shelf, and one on a little recess within a yard of the other—the prisoner did not come to work till about eleven o'clock, though I was full of work—I complained about his being so late—he said he did not get up till ten o'clock, he was not in bed till four o'clock—he went on with work for about an hour—he got up and asked if I would lend him 6d.—he said he was going to dinner, and he thought a little walk would do him good—I said those boots that he was repairing most go in that evening—I saw him go away—he said he would not be long, h would be back presently—I went to see what time it was, and looked at both watches—it was seven minutes after twelve o'clock—I sat down, and was called to dinner, and it was then seven minutes after one—I remarked the circumstance to my wife—I went to work again, and looked again at the watches—it was a quarter to three—soon after that the prisoner came in, and sat down—a customer came in, and at that time I saw the prisoner get up, and go across the parlour, towards where the watches were—I concluded he was going to look at the watches, as he often did—he then came out with a little cup in his hand, and his coat held together—I asked my wife where he was gone, she said he asked her for the cup to get a little milk—after that I missed the watches—no other person could have taken them but him—they have not been found—the two were worth 5l.; and the two guard-chains 2l.





JAMES BASS
. I am a cab-man. I know the prisoner by sight—I saw him on Tuesday evening, the 13th of August, in a public-house—I told him I heard the police were after him, for taking two watches from his master—he laughed, but made no answer—when we came out he said he wanted to dispose of the duplicates of the two watches—he said he had pawned them, but he did not say where.

Prisoner. It is false, I did not say so. Witness. Yes, you did.





JOHN BARKER
. I am a shoemaker. I was with James Bass, and saw the prisoner at the corner of the New-road—when he was told of this he made a laugh at it, and then said they were in pawn for 1l. 14s.—I said the best thing he could do would be to give up the duplicates, I would

take them back to Mr. Shaw, and he might try if he would forgive him, or let him work it out.





ELIZABETH SHAW
. The prisoner asked me for a mug to go out for some milk, and when he was gone I went to see what time it was, and the watches were gone—they had been safe at a quarter before three o'clock.





ROBERT HOARE
 (police-constable D 72.) I took the prisoner—I found one of the watches had been pledged in the name of John Simpson, but it had been redeemed again, and it is gone.

Prisoner's Defence. An entrance may be made at the back-door; I know nothing about the watches.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
