



2601. 




PHILLIP BRAGG
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
20th of October, 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l. 3s., the goods of 



John Sewell.






MICHAEL HAEFFELE
. I am a tailor, in the employ of Mr. John Sewell, in the Commercial-road. On the 20th of October I heard a kind of rustling noise, as if something had been taken from the brass railing inside the shop, where we commonly hang clothes—I got up immediately, ran to the door, and saw a person like the prisoner with a dress like the one he has got on, making a kind of fastish trot—I pursued him—he was very busy, tucking something under his coat—I called out, "Stop him"—he seemed to go faster—he went down the first turning into George-street—I followed him, and calling "Stop thief," he ran quicker—I had slippers on, and I lost sight of him—I picked up the trowsers under the railroad arches, where I lost him, in going through a passage—he got through one of the arches—I saw nothing but his back—the prisoner has all the appearance of that person.





JAMES CREEK
. I work for Mr. Ellis, a green-grocer in the Commercial-road—I saw the prisoner running in George-street, tucking something up like a pair of trowsers—when he came to the railroad he dropped the trowsers, and ran down the passage—I followed, and lost sight of him—when we came back, a person said, "There he goes," and we followed the prisoner down Queen-street—I overtook him, tapped him on the shoulder, and asked him to come back with me—he said, "No"—I said, "I will keep you till a policeman comes"—I kept him till a parcel of coal heavers came by, and one of them said, "Up with your hand, and give him a smack in the mouth"—I said, "No, he won't, nor you either"—they went on—the prisoner up with his foot, and kicked me in * * * *—a sergeant of police came, and he was taken—I went to the station-house with my hands on two boys' shoulders, and was examined by a doctor—he said if the kick had been a little farther it might have ruined me for life—I have not been able to work since.






WILLIAM PARAMORE
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner, and have the trowsers.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
