



231. 




MARY ANN HARRISON
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of October, 1 watch, value 26s.; 2 seals, value 2l.; 1 chain, value 1s.; and 1 key, value 4d.; the goods of 



Thomas Pepper, from his person: and that she had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS PEPPER
. I am a butcher, and live at Baker's-row, Walworth. On the 11th of October, about nine o'clock at night, I was at the end of New-street—I had had some drink, but was quite capable of managing myself—the prisoner accosted me, and said, where was I going—I said, not with her—she drew my watch out of my fob in a moment after accosting me—I told her she had got my watch—she said she had not—I said I would hold her till she gave it up—she said she would not, and she would send word to my wife—I called out, and a policeman came up—I gave her in charge, and as she was going to the station I saw her drop the watch—she denied having it—I did not see it drop from her, but I saw it rolling on the ground.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you always say you saw it roll on the ground? A. I saw the person pick it up—I was sober—I did not tell the Magistrate I was the worse for liquor—she took hold of my arm—she was not walking with me.





WILLIAM COOK
. I am a policeman. On the night of the 11th I was returning home, and met the prosecutor and the prisoner in company with the witness—they told me she had taken a watch from him—I asked if he charged her with stealing it—he said he did, and he was confident she had it about her—I immediately took her, made her walk a little in advance, and when we got about a hundred yards I distinctly saw it drop on the ground from her person.





HENRY WENMAN
. I am a walking-stick manufacturer. I saw the prisoner pressing the prosecutor to go down a street—he objected, and walked on towards the end of the street, and she was with him, having hold of his arm—at the bottom of the street I heard him say to her, "You have got my watch"—she said, "Nonsense, don't talk in that way; people will think by and bye that I have it, if you talk so; I shall send after your wife"—she called a lad, and sent him for his wife, and a policeman came up—he gave her in charge—the watch fell in front of her, and there was nobody in front of her.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell the Magistrate about what she said about his wife? A. Yes—the man is a butcher, and this being close to his house, people knew him as a tradesman—I imagined that she knew him—they did not appear intimate—he was not sociable—he might have drunk something, but was not tipsy—I should believe him if he swore he was the worse for liquor, but I would sooner believe what I saw.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





SAMUEL GARDINER
. I am a policeman. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from the office of the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read)—I was a witness at the trial—she is the person who was convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.
