



1919. 




WILLIAM BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of July, 1 jacket, value 4s., and 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 



Charles Brown; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






CHARLES BROWN
. I keep the Jolly Farmer public-house, at Edmonton. On the 29th of July, the prisoner and his wife came in about three o'clock in the afternoon—the wife had half-a-pint of beer in the tap-room, and the prisoner came into the ground where some persons were playing at quoits—I do not know when they went away—I lost a jacket, and a handkerchief which was in the pocket of it, off the horse-trough, by the side of

the ground where the persons were playing at quoits—I took it off and threw it there—the prisoner was there, but I do not know whether his wife was—I put it there about half-past four o'clock, and missed it about six—the prisoner was then gone—I took an officer and went to a lodging-house the next morning—we found the prisoner and his wife in bed—the officer asked them for the jacket—they both denied knowing any thing about it—I said, "You must get up and go with me"—the woman said she would not get up while we were there—I then told the officer to search—he opened a cupboard in the room and found the jacket—I then inquired for the handkerchief, and the woman said she had pawned it—this is my handkerchief and my jacket—(looking at them.)





WILLIAM PHILLIPS
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker at Edmonton. I took this handkerchief in pawn from the woman.





JOHN WELLS
 (police-constable N 317.) I went to the prisoner's lodging—both denied having the jacket—it was found in the cupboard.

Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent—I went into the skittle-ground, and was there three or four hours.





RICHARD WATKINS
 (police-sergeant N 39.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at the Sessions House, Clerkenwell—(read)—I was in the Court at his trial—he is the person—I have known him for years—he is a very bad character.




GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
