



2247. 




JOHN MITCHELL
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Mary Ann Murray, striking her on the head, and kicking her in various parts of her body, with intent to murder her.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be with intent to do her some grievous bodily harm.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN MURRAY
. I have been living with the prisoner as his wife for the last six months—I am not married to him—I live at No. 5, Brown Bearalley, East Smithfield, and keep the house—it is a house of ill fame. Last Wednesday week he came home in the evening—he said no more than asking if I had done tea—I made him no answer—he then upset the tea table, and struck me with his closed hand on the forehead more than once—they were hard blows—he pulled me off the sofa on the ground, then kicked me on the side, and on the breast—I do not think he did anything else to me while I was down—I do not know whether he jumped on me—I was senseless, and when I came to myself he was not there—he hit me very hard—while he was doing this he used very bad expressions, not fit to

mention, calling me ugly names, but nothing more that I know of—I did not hear him say anything about my life, or say what he would do to me—I sent for a policeman—I cried out before I became senseless, and sent my servant for a policeman in his hearing, and he said he would leave me so that I could not tell a policeman from anybody else—he went to the door, then came back and hit me with his hand more than once—he went to the door more than once, and on each occasion returned and beat me—the policeman came, but he was then gone—he returned to the house at half-past nine o'clock, and I then left the house directly—nothing passed—I saw him again at half-past eleven as he was going into my house—I sent for a policeman, and gave him in charge—I found myself very ill soon after, and took to my bed, and was in bed ten days—I am now getting better, but am still in a weak state—the prisoner and I had had a few words a week before, but I had not spoken to him for a week till this time—we had separate apartments during that time—w neither ate nor slept together for a week.





GRACE RUMMER
. I am the prosecutrix's servant. On the night of the 4th of Aug. the prisoner came home—I heard him ask mistress whether she had done her tea—he then upset the tea tray over her, and began to ill use her with his fist, hitting her over the temple and face—she was sitting on the sofa at the time, and by his ill using her she fell down—he still kept hitting her with his fist, and kicking her body, about her side—when he began kicking her she told me to go for a policeman—I did not hear him say anything more than "I will kill you"—that was while he was ill using her—I returned without a policeman, and found the prisoner still there—I had been gone ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—he was still kicking and beating her—I went out again, but returned without a policeman, and found mistress sitting alone—the prisoner was then leaving the house—mistress was in a very bad state—about an hour after that the prisoner came in whistling—he said nothing—I suppose he was half an hour ill treating her.





WILLIAM BROWN
. I am a surgeon, and live in East Smithfield. I was sent for to attend Murray about seven o'clock on the evening of the 5th of Aug.—I found her in a state of insensibility, arising from the ill usage the had received—I could not make anything of her for some time—I could not get her to answer a question till she was copiously bled—she then began to recover—I applied leeches, and put a plaster on—she was in one mass of contusions all over her head and body and the extremities, as if she had been very severely beaten, and her head and chest jumped on—evidently on her chest—there was a small superficial wound on her temple—I rather think that was done with a blunt instrument, either by her falling, or the heel of a shoe—it was through the skin—I found no other wound—there was an excoriation on the other side—I should not call it a wound—her breast bone was very much swollen, for two days it was very difficult to say whether it was fractured or not—her side was very much bruised, evidently by kicking, and from the appearance, a severe kicking.

Q. Were there such injuries as in your judgment endangered her life? A. I think so, certainly—she continued in a dangerous state for seven days, and has not recovered yet—mischief might ensue yet, from the internal bruises she has received—internal mischief might ensue—the lungs might, probably, become affected—the wound on the temple was of the smallest consequence—I is quite well now.





JOHN BURKE
. I am a policeman. On the 4th of Sept., about eleven or twelve o'clock, Murray gave the prisoner into my custody—her face was cut, and her hands very much swollen—there was a small cut over her eye—it

was not bleeding at the time—it was red—I asked the prisoner, "Did you strike her?"—he said, "No."

Prisoner. I am very sorry for it; I was intoxicated at the time.




GUILTY. on the Second Count.
 Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

