



2376. 




WILLIAM WYNNE



, feloniously attempting to discbarge a loaded pistol at 



William Cornick, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm; 2nd COUNT, with intent to prevent his lawful apprehension and detainer.


MESSRS. RYLAND and ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM CORNICK
 (City-policeman, 483). About two o'clock in the morning of 28th Sept. I was on duty in Upper Thames-street, and saw the prisoner loitering about the beat—I asked what he wanted there, and put several questions to him—he made no answer—Sergeant Reynolds came up and put several questions to him—he made him no answer, but walked away—I saw him again about a quarter to four, in Thames-street, at the corner of Garlick-hill—I said, "What! do I find you here again, old boy; you must give some account of yourself; I cannot have you hanging about here"—he turned round, and said, "You b----r, I have got it in for you for last night; I owe it to you"—I had not seen him the night before—I had never seen him till that morning—I went up to take him into custody, when he presented a pistol at me and said, "You b----r, take that!"—I had got within about a yard and a half of him—he aimed at my face, but it missed fire—it flashed but did not explode—the prisoner then ran away—I pursued him, springing my rattle, and he was stopped in Queenhithe by Davis—he presented the pistol at Davis, and told us to keep off; the first that came near him was a dead man—I struck him with my staff—he ran and fell, and the pistol dropped from his hand—I picked it up, and took him to the station—this is the pistol (produced).

Prisoner. I was drunk. Witness. He was perfectly sober—he said either I or some other policeman had insulted him the night before.





ROBERT DAVIS
 (City-policeman, 491). About four o'clock in the morning of 28th Sept. I heard a rattle spring at Queenhithe, went towards it, and saw the prisoner standing in the middle of the road parleying with Cornick, and saying, "You b----r, if you come near me you are a dead man"—when he saw me making towards him, he presented the pistol at me, and said, "The first b----r that comes near me is a dead man!"—I said, "Wait a minute, don't be in such a hurry"—he retreated, and placed his back against the wall of Queenhithe Church, saying, "Keep off, you b----rs, or I will shoot you; the first b----r that comes near me I will shoot him"—while his attention was directed to me, Cornick stepped up on one side and struck him a blow with

his truncheon, which stunned him for a moment—I then tried to secure him but he ran down Queenhithe—I followed, he fell, and threw the pistol from him—I secured him, and he was taken to the station—I there found on him this small velvet bag containing a quantity of percussion caps, and in his left trowsers pocket, two shillings in silver and fourpence in copper—he had no powder on him—I had never seen him before—I had not heard of his having been molested by any policeman the night before—he was not intoxicated.





CHARLES WALLER
 (City-police-inspector). I was on duty that night—I examined the pistol and found in it two balls, one larger than the other at the bottom of the pistol, and the smallest one and a piece of brown paper at the top—there was a small quantity of powder at the bottom of the pan, so as to have discharged both balls had it gone off—it has a screw barrel, and I found the screw on the prisoner—there was no cap on the pistol when it was gives to me—the cock was down, as if the trigger had been drawn—I asked the prisoner where he lived, and he said in the neighbourhood of Tower-street, but he could not say where—I asked how long he had been in this country—he said about three weeks—he did not say where he came from—I have ascertained that he came from Roscommon, in Ireland, about a month before—he said he had bought the pistol at a shop for 6s.—I asked where—he said he did not know—I asked why he pointed it at the policeman—he said he had been pushed about by the police the night before, and he intended to go and shoot the policeman—there was some gunpowder remaining in the pistol—I put on one of these caps next day and fired it off; it went off very loud.





MR. SAMUEL ROBERT GOODMAN
. I am chief clerk to the Lord Mayor, I was present when the prisoner was examined—he was asked whether he chose to make any statement—he made a statement which I took down, and be signed it—(reads—"The reason I did it was what the policeman says—I may have made a mistake—it was him or some other policeman that pulled me about the night before."




GUILTY, on the 1st Count. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
