




778. 




CHARLES WARD
 and 




FREDERICK WARD
 were indicted for

stealing one watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 pair of earrings, 4s.; 1 brooch, 3s.; and 1 pencil-case, 3s., the property of 



James Ward; and that they had been before convicted of felony.






SOPHIA WARD
. I am the wife of James Ward. The prisoners are my children—we live in Wickham-place, Kent-street. On Monday, the 27th of Jan., I had this watch and other things in my drawers—on the Tuesday I went out, and left Charles and his sister, who is ten years old, at home, to mind the house—I told them I should be home about six o'clock in the evening—I came home, and found the bed-room door had been forced open, the chest of drawers forced open, everything turned over, wd the watch, earrings, and other things gone—nothing has been found—Charles was gone, and he did not comeback—Frederick had been home, if his sister said, soon after I went out, but he was gone when I got home—I never found either of them till they were in the hands of the policeman—the watch was worth about 2l. 10s., and the other things about 10s.





SARAH ANN WARD
. I know what will become of me if I do not speak the truth—I remember my mother going out that Tuesday—I was left at home with my brother Charles—after my mother was gone, Charles went out, and Frederick came in with him—they went up-stairs, saying they were going to nail the grape-vine—I heard a good deal of hammering for about half-an-hour—they then came down, and said they were going out—they

went out, and did not come back at all—no one else came there that day, I am sure.





HENRY HART
 (police-constable L 58.) I found the two prisoners in the New Cut, offering two new shovels for sale for 1s. 6d.—I asked where they got them—they said they had them given to them, and then they said their father made them—this was in the evening, on the 31st of Jan.

Charles Ward. I did not do it.

Frederick Ward. I did not do it.





SOPHIA WARD

re-examined. I found this gimlet and this fork under the bed—the door had been forced open with the gimlet, and the drawers with the fork.





JOHN DELANEY
 (police-constable M 100.) I produce a certificate of the prisoners' former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—the prisoners were both convicted on the 10th of June, 1844, Charles Ward having then been before convicted; Charles Ward, confined six months, and Frederick Ward confined three months)—the prisoners are the persons.

CHARLES WARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.

FREDERICK WARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 12.





Transported for Seven Years—Penitentiary.

