



287. 




RICHARD HITCHMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of November, 1 purse, value 1s.; 10 shillings, and 2 sixpences; the property of 



Joseph Limperani, from the person of 



Christiana Judith Limperani.






CHRISTIANA JUDITH LIMPERANI
. I am the wife of Joseph Limperani; we live in Albany-road, Camberwell. On the 12th of November, at five o'clock in the afternoon, I was going home with my daughter from Walworth-gate —I got to the corner of Albany-road, between the wall and the Watch-box, exactly at the angle of the road, I felt the proximity of three young men who had been following us—I felt myself touched, and one of the men immediately passed me—seeing him put his left-hand into his pocket, and connecting that with having been touched, I put my own hand into my pocket, and immediately missed my purse—I saw a man pass me who I thought had put his hand into my pocket—I told my daughter I had been robbed, and my purse was gone—a policeman being in the immediate vicinity I gave information immediately—the man who passed me, and put his hand into his pocket had on a brown Taglioni coat, with pockets in front—I lost a purse containing, as nearly as I can recollect, 11s.—next morning the prisoner was produced to me—from his personal appearance he bears a resemblance to one of the three men who were there—I did not turn my head to look in his face—I had got change from Mr. Townsend, and one of the shillings was excessively black between the head and the rim—I have since seen one which I believe to be that—to the best of my belief this is it—(looking at a shilling)—the purse has not been found—this shilling is the only one I can identify.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe it was the shadows of the men you saw? A. I saw the men sideways, by a side glance—I certainly did not see them from top to toe—as I turned my head I saw two heads on one side, and one on the other—I did not see their faces sufficiently to identify them—my money was in a green purse.





EDWARD TOWNSEND
. I am a wine-merchant, and live in the Walworth-road. On the afternoon of the 12th of November Mrs. Limperani came to my shop—I gave her 9s. 6d. in change of a sovereign—I noticed one

shilling was particularly black—this one (looking at one) resembles it-——when the policeman produced all the money I recognized two shillings, this black one and this other—this has very much the appearance of a bad one on the arms side—I had taken it of a girl but a few minutes before.





MARIANA LIMPERANI
. I was walking with my mother that evening—I perfectly recollect three persons being about us—I identify the prisoner as being one of them—I have not any doubt about it—we met them first —they then turned back and walked immediately behind us—I turned then and looked at them a second time, and after my mamma had discovered the robbery I saw the prisoner at the corner for a moment, but he turned away—I did not see him again till he was in custody—I have not any doubt that be is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. This was about five o'clock? A. Yes—it was a light afternoon—I had noticed the three men—I have always been equally positive that the prisoner was one of the men I saw—this is my handwriting to this deposition.

Q. Did you not say, "To the best of my belief the prisoner was one of those persons?" A. Yes; I only swore to the best of my belief, and so I do now.

COURT. Q. You have said to-day, "I am sure he is the man;" do you mean to the best of your belief? A. Yes, of course.





THOMAS BALES
 (police-constable P 191.) On the evening of the 12th of November I saw the prisoner at the corner of the Albany-road—I knew him—I afterwards received information from the prosecutrix, and went in the direction she pointed out—I met the prisoner—I asked if he knew any thing about a purse—he said, "No, what purse?"—I took him to the station—he pulled out of his left-hand pocket ten shillings and two six-pences, and he said that was all he had got—the two shillings now produced are part of what he produced.

JURY. Q. How long elapsed between the prosecutrix speaking to you and your finding the prisoner? A. About five minutes—he had got about a quarter of a mile from the place—I looked over the road, but did not see the purse.




GUILTY
.† Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.
