





146. 




EDWARD WARREN
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of Nov., 1 hogshead, value 5s., and 12cwt. of sugar, 40l., the goods of the 

London Dock Company, in and upon a certain dock adjacent to a navigable river; and 




GEORGE BOWERS
 and 



PHILIP ROBERTS



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which


WARREN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years
.

MESSRS. BALLANTINE and BALDWIN
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES DALE
. I am the son of James Dale, a town carman, who lives in the Grove, Guildford-street, Borough. On the 12th of Nov. we had an order tor the delivery of nine hogsheads of sugar to Sewell and Nash—this

is the order—(looking at it)—it is endorsed by Sewell and Nash, and by that they convey an order for the delivery of this to the bearer—on the 12th of Nov. Warren came to me on some other business—I delivered the order to him, for the purpose of delivering one hogshead to Drake, in Kingsland-road—I told him to deliver it according to the order.





JOSEPH GRISSON BUCK
. I am a town carman—Warren was occasionally employed by me as carman. On Tuesday, the 12th of Nov., I employed him as a carman—after his job was over I sent him with some papers to Mr. Dale's—he returned, and showed me this order—(looking at it)—he told me something about it—he had a van with him—it was about half-past two o'clock, and I sent him for the hogshead—he returned about a quarter before seven in the evening—his van was then empty.





HENRY PONTING
. I am assistant foreman at the delivery warehouse at the London Dock. This order was not brought by Warren to me on the 12th of Nov.—it was brought to the box—I saw Warren at the dock on the 12th of Nov.—he came to fetch a hogshead of sugar—it was not delivered to him on that day, as it was too late—he came again on Wednesday morning, the 13th, and on that occasion a hogshead of sugar was delivered to him—the marks on it were, "W. F. Grapes, V No. 7"—that hogshead had been in the custody of the London Dock—I delivered it to Warren in the capacity of a carman, and he took it away in a van—I have since seen parts of a hogshead in the possession of Mr. Lewis, the inspector, and on those parts were similar marks to those which were on the hogshead I delivered to Warren.





JOHN DRAKE
. I am a grocer, and live in Kingsland-road. On the 11th of Nov. 1 purchased a hogshead of sugar lying at the London Dock—I bought it of Sewell and Nash's traveller in my shop—I have not received it—I had the marks of the hogshead on the sample which I bought it by—they were, "W. F. Grapes, V No. 7"—they undertook to sell me a hogshead so marked.





WILLIAM FITZMAURICE PEARCE
. I am superintendent of the H division of police. On the night of the 14th of Nov. I went to the house of Thomas Lewis, in South-street, Spitalfieldsmarket—I went in—Mr. Lewis's two sons were there, and the prisoners Bowers and Roberts—there was an empty hogshead there, and three barrels—Mr. Lewis's two sons were at the empty hogshead—one of them had hold of one of the hoops, and appeared to be breaking it—both Bowers and Roberts were in their shirtsleeves, and some sugar was on their hands and clothes—the three barrels were headed up—I likewise saw a small keg there, which was covered over—I removed the covering, and it was full of moist sugar—I gave Bowers and Roberts a caution not to commit themselves, and asked them what they had to say to this—they both said, "We have nothing to say"—Lewis's elder son said, that he was going to bed with his brother, and hearing a noise he came down stairs, and found Bowers and Roberts filling the barrels from the hogshead, and that they had permission from his father to bring it there the day before—to the best of my recollection, he said Bowers and Roberts brought it—the barrels had sugar in them, which appeared to be the same as that in the keg, and the hogshead contained about 6lbs. or 7lbs., which appeared to be the same—I went to Roberts's house, and found some sugar there.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you search Bower's house? A. No, I did not—some of the police did, and found some sugar there.






JOSEPH LEWIS
. I am inspector of the H division of police—I went to Mr. Lewis's house on Thursday, the 14th of Nov., and saw the prisoners Bowers and Roberts, and the hogshead and three casks—I took the parts of the hogshead that were marked, and have them—on one of the heads are the marks described, "W. F. Grapes, V No. 7"—I heard Mr. Lewis's son say that Roberts and Bowers came together with the hogshead, and delivered it at his father's warehouse the day before.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you search Bower's house? A. Yes—his premises were too small to receive the sugar hogshead.





THOMAS LEWIS
. I am a potato salesman, and live in South-street, Spitalfields. I have known the prisoner Bowers for some time—he came to me on Wednesday, the 13th of Nov., about two o'clock, or between one and two, and asked if I had any objection for him to leave a cask or a hogshead in my warehouse for a day or two, as it was too large to go into his own warehouse; his doors were too small to receive it—I said, "Very well"—in the course of that day Roberts came round the corner, and asked me if I had seen Mr. Bowers—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Has he said anything about leaving a cask or a hogshead here?"—I said, "Yes, and I said I had no objection"—he said, "Which way shall I get it to your warehouse?"—I told him, and he afterwards drove the hogshead up to my warehouse, and put it in—Bowers was present at the time, but Warren was not—on the following morning I saw Bowers, between ten and eleven o'clock—he asked me if I had any objection to let him empty this sugar into three little casks, as that cask was too large for him to put it into his little warehouse or premises—I said, "Not the least"—I went out in the afternoon; but before I went out, somebody brought three casks, and gave them to my son, and said they were for Mr. Bowers—I saw the casks, and then I went out, and saw no more of the prisoners till they were at the station-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How long have you known Bowers? A. About four years, selling goods on commission—he has borne a good character up to this charge—when the sugar came, Roberts was driving, and had the whip in his hand—he came to me in the character of a carman—he was the individual who pitched the sugar, and I had seen him on the Wednesday before the sugar was delivered—from six to ten minutes after the sugar was delivered Roberts went away with the van, and Bowers went with him.





THOMAS LEWIS, JUN
. I am the son of Thomas Lewis. I remember the hogshead of sugar being brought by Bowers and Roberts, and some small casks were brought by a strange man—the prisoners came again in the evening—Bowers said, "I am come to take away that sugar," and Roberts brought a saw and hammer—they both worked at it, breaking up the cask, and putting the sugar into the small casks—they could not hold it all, and Bowers asked me if I could lend him a jar—I lent him a keg.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Do you remember the inspector Pearce coming? A. Yes—he asked Bowers if these things belonged to him, and he said, "No."

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did any sugar leave your premises before the officers came in and found the two prisoners, with the sugar, and the tub? A. No.





GEORGE HEWSTONE
. I am a labourer in the London Docks. I assisted in weighing and sending out this hogshead of sugar—in consequence of

information, I went to Mr. Lewis's house—I knocked at the door, and saw several men breaking up a hogshead—I did not look up to see any of the men's faces—both Mr. Lewis's sons were sawing the hoops asunder.

The order was here put in and read as follows:—"To the Directors of the London Dock Company. Please to deliver to Messrs. Sewell and Nash 9 hogsheads of sugar, from Nos. 1 to 9"—(on the back of the order was, "Deliver to the bearer No. 7. SEWELL and NASH.")

COURT
to
JOSEPH GRISSON BUCK. Q. Did you send Warren for this? A. Yes, for a puncheon of molasses, and this hogshead of sugar—he brought this order from Mr. Dale, and I told him to go to the Dock and fetch it.

MR. BALLANTINB. Q. Did you give him a cart and horse for the purpose of getting a hogshead of sugar on the 12th of Nov.? A. Yes—he was to get it at the London Dock—he was to deliver it according to the order he received from Mr. Dale.





JAMES DALE
 re-examined. Warren came to me on the 12th of Nov.—he was to have delivered one of these hogsheads to Mr. Drake—I pinned a direction on the order to deliver it to Mr. Drake, Kingsland-road.

COURT. Q. You gave some directions in writing, which you attached to this order? A. Yes—I got the instruction for that direction from a gentleman, who is here, from Messrs. Sewell and Nash.





WILLIAM THORNHILL
. I am a warehouseman, in the employ of Messers. Sewell and Nash. I sent an order, on the 12th of Nov., for the delivery of one of the nine hogsheads of sugar to Mr. Drake.

COURT. Q. In what character do you act? A. As agent to Sewell and Nash—I have the delivery of their goods—this is my writing on this order, "Deliver to the bearer No. 7"—Dale is a carter, and does our cartage—I employed him to deliver this hogshead to Mr. Drake—I wrote a paper and delivered it to Dale, and that paper is missing.

COURT
to
JAMES DALE. Q. Did you give any verbal direction to Warren, or confine yourself to sticking one paper on another? A. I told him at the same time that I gave him the paper, to get the hogshead and deliver it to Mr. Drake in Kingsland-road.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You said you told himto deliver it according to order? A. I did both.

BOWERS and ROBERTS



NOT GUILTY
.
