



760. 




JOHN HENCHER
 was again indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering, on the 
16th of December, an order for the payment of 6l., with intent to defraud 



Thomas Ridgway.






JOHN CHARLES WILLS
. I am in the employ of Thomas Ridgway, a tea-dealer in King William-street—he has no partner—the prisoner came to the shop on the 16th of December last, between three and five o'clock in the afternoon, and ordered tea and coffee, amounting to 1l. 7s. 4d., to be sent to Dr. J. C. Brown, 1l., New Broad-street—he gave me the order verbally, and I took it down—he tendered this cheque for 6l. in payment—he put it into my hand, and said if I gave him the difference he would pay me at once—I took the cheque, we sent it to the banker's, and before the young man returned the prisoner said he was going to Abchurch-lane, and would return in a few minutes if I would get the difference ready—he did not return—I found him in custody in about a fortnight or three weeks—I

held him in conversation a short time before he left the shop—I am sure he is the person, to the best of my knowledge—I did not ask him any question about the cheque—I did not know the person by whom it appears to be drawn.

Prisoner. Q. By what are you prepared to swear to me? A. From your light complexion and light hair—I will not be certain whether the shop-lamps were alight or not—I cannot say whether the person was at all aware that I sent the cheque to the banker's—I sent a young man named Jenner—the person did not see me give the cheque to Jenner—he could not be aware that I had sent it to the banker's—the banker's is in Corn-hill, not a quarter of a mile from our house—I held the person in conversation after giving the cheque to Jenner—I should say three or four minutes elapsed before the person left the shop—T cannot say how long it would take a person to go to the banker's, I am a stranger in the neighbourhood—when the person left, his manner did not appear at all excited, or such as to cause my suspicion in the least.

COURT. Q. How long, from first to last, was the person with you? A. Five or six minutes—I had some conversation with him after I took the cheque—there was only the counter between us—I cannot charge my memory whether the gas was lighted—it was quite light enough for me to discern his person—I noticed that he had a very long nose, a very light complexion, and light hair—I saw him again about a fortnight or three weeks after, at the station-house in custody—I am confident the prisoner is the man.





WILLIAM CHURCHILL
. This cheque is signed, "J. C. Brown," and is on Fuller and Co.—I have no doubt it is the prisoner's writing.





RIDCHARD DOHERTY
. I am a policeman. I have made inquiry for a person named Brown at No. 11, Broad-street, but no such person resided there—I inquired about the neighborhood—I asked the person at No. 11 if he was acquainted with a person of that name in the street—he said he was not—I did not inquire at any other house—(cheque read—"Messrs. Fuller and Co. Pay petty cash or bearer 6l. J. C. Brown. 16th December, 1839.")

Prisoner's Defence. The witness swears to me by my nose and complexion—is there any thing peculiarly striking in my complexion?—it is for you to judge—he swears the person entered the premises between three and five o'clock—he cannot tell whether the gas was lit or not—we all know between three and five o'clock, it is approaching dusk, and to identify a person by his complexion would be attended with considerable difficulty—the person remained in conversation with him, not being aware of the cheque being sent to the banker's, two or three minutes—the distance he cannot tell, but perhaps, gentlemen, you know the spot, and will decide whether a person would run the risk of being apprehended on the charge by remaining in conversation with a person four or five minutes, which would be ample time for a person to reach the banker's, and the moment he presented the cheque he would necessarily ascertain it to be forged, and make the best of his way back, so that the person had time to reach the banker's, and return while I was in conversation with him as he says—I am also indicted for obtaining goods from Messrs. Twining, on the same day, and if your Lordship will look into the deposition, you will find what time the witness says I was there, and if it was between three and five o'clock,

it will necessarily appear that I could not be there and at Twining's at the same hour obtaining goods.





HENRY JONES
. I am clerk to Messrs. Twining. I have no knowledge of the prisoner—a person came to our shop—I do not know that it was the prisoner.




GUILTYof uttering.  Aged 25.—


Transported for Life.
(There were five other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

