




484. 




AMOS HAMMOND
and 




SUSAN HAMMOND
were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Perry, en the 
30th of December, at 

St. Mary, Islington, and stealing therein, 1 gown, value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 8s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 2 aprons, value 8d.; 1 crown-piece, 5 half-crowns, 60 pence, and 96 halfpence, his property.






FRANCES PERRY.
I am the wife of Charles Perry, and live in a yard leading out of Thornhill-street, Pentonville, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington—we rent it of our landlord, who lives in Thornhill-street—it is

distinct from his house—the yard belongs to our house—we occupy the premises alone, and sleep there. On Monday, the 30th of December, I went out about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, leaving nobody in the house—my husband left before—I shut the outer door, locked it, and left the key in the door outside—there is an inner door, which I left shut, but that has no fastening—I returned a little before eight o'clock, found the outer and inner doors open, and missed the property stated, which is worth about 30s., besides the money—I have since seen a piece of cotton print, which is part of what was taken.





ELEANOR PUGH.
I am the wife of Joseph Pugh, of Southamptonterrace, Islington. On the morning of the 30th of December I went to the prosecutor's house about twenty minutes to eight o'clock, and found both doors open—the male prisoner was standing inside the outer door—he said he wanted a light—I asked him where Mrs. Perry was, as I wanted some milk—he said, "She is down stairs"—I knocked with my foot for her to come up, and he said, "She is gone up the street with the milk"—she carries milk about—the male prisoner then got a light with a bit of paper, and went down the ladder into his own house—he went right through the house, which would lead him into Thornhill-street—he lives at No. 1, Thornhill-street—he went in there with a lighted paper in his hand.





WILLIAM STEWART.
I live at No. 2, Thornhill-street. On the morning of the 30th of December, at a quarter before eight o'clock, I went to the back of Perry's premises, and called out "Milk"—I received no answer—I waited about five minutes, then went to the street-door, and was looking about for another milkman, and saw the female prisoner at the gate—she said Mrs. Perry was not at home—she was at Mr. Perry's gate, but not inside it—the gate was shut, but the little door which leads through the gate of the yard was open—it is a smaller gate, and a larger one—she was standing opposite the open part—there are two entrances to the house—this was at the back of the house.

Susan Hammond. I never looked towards you, nor spoke to you, but saw you in the door talking to a boy with a paper cap on. Witness. There was no little boy there.





FRANCES PERRY

re-examined. I went out at the gate the witness speaks of—you go down a yard from the gate to the house—there is then a door, and then an inner door—I have no back-door to the house—Stewart must mean the prisoner went through his own house—he lodges up stain, and has to go through a passage—his house has no connexion with ours—he does not go through our passage to his house, but through his own passage.





ELEANOR PUGH

re-examined. The place is like a large shed with two rooms, an outer one, and an inner one, and the prisoner's back yard comes opposite the prosecutor's premises—it is like a large factory—if you go right through the prisoner's house the yard communicates with their place—the back door of the prisoners' place was open, and be went through his own house down some steps, and right through the back-door—it is a step ladder which takes up to their place—the steps lead from Mrs. Perry's door—he came out of the door he went in at.





JOHN VIVIAN.
I was a publican. I saw the prisoners together on Monday, the 30th of December, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning—the female prisoner asked me if I would take 10s. worth of copper of her—they had half a quartern of rum, and went away—I saw no

more of them—I lived at No. 47, Farringdon-street, at that time—I do not know where Thornhill-street is—I gave them silver for the copper.





STEPHEN WHITAKER.
I live with my father, who is a pawnbroker, in Long-lane, City. I have a piece of cotton-print which is the wrapper of a whittle, pawned on the 1st of January for 4s. by the female prisoner.





RICHARD BRADSHAW.
I am a policeman. I went to No. 1 Thornhillstreet, about eleven o'clock on Monday night, the 30th of December—the male prisoner opened the door—I said, "Is your name Hammond? "—he said, "Yes"—I said, "I want you for a robbery"—he said, "A robbery, where? "—I said, "Where you went for a light this morning"—he said, "I never went for a light any where, where is it? "—I said, "Over at the milk-shop"—he said, "I never was there for a light"—"Yes, yes, " said he, "on Friday morning, but not before"—I found a box of Congreve matches on his shelf—I said, "Why go for a light when you have matches? "—the female followed him to the station-house, and he said to her, "When did you buy the matches? "—she said, "Saturday"—he said, "On Saturday, before I bought the matches, I got the light"—I have inquired, and believe the prisoners are not related to each other.

Susan Hammond. He said, "When did you buy the box? "—I said, "On Saturday, " and I left them on the stove to dry, and they all caught light"—I never bought any lucifers until Monday night—I took them down and showed them to the landlord's daughter.

Amos Hammond. He told the Magistrate I bought them on Saturday night, and that I changed 6d. to see where the prosecutor's money was. Witness. He said he changed 6d. one morning, and then he saw where the money was—he came for a halfpennyworth of milk—he said at the house that he went on Friday for a light, but when he asked the woman when he bought the lucifers, she said, "Saturday, " and he said, "That is right—I went for the light before that"—he was charged with going there on the Monday.





FRANCES PERRY

re-examined. The male prisoner changed a sixpence with me on the Thursday, I think, before the robbery, and I gave him change out of the box—he could see where my copper money was—I took it out so that he could see it.

Amos Hammond. I never changed a sixpence with her—I gave her husband two farthings for the milk. Witness. I am certain he did.

Susan Hammond. He never went but once for milk, because I was ill, and I said, "Go for a farthing's worth"—he said, "No, I will not"—I said, "Look on the shelf, under a tract, and you will find another farthing"? —that was on Saturday—the cotton is my own—I tore it out of an old gown skirt. Witness. He came for a halfpenny worth of milk, and changed a sixpence—I am certain it was on Thursday—I know this piece of cotton, by a band I have pulled off it—it was an old apron—here is the band which matches it—I lost at least 9s. worth of coppers.

AMOS HAMMOND*—


GUILTY.Aged 25.

SUSAN HAMMOND*—


GUILTY.Aged 20.
✗



Transported for Ten Years

