



616. 




RICHARD COOPER
 was indicted

 for stealing 9 pairs of shoes, value 2l.; 5s., the goods of 



Moses Levy.






ISRAEL LEVY
. I am assistant to my father, Moses Levy, of Gravel-lane. About twelve o'clock, on Friday, the 5th of Jan., I was returning home, and saw the prisoner enter the passage of our house—the door was open—I followed him in, and closed the street door—he returned from the parlour to the passage, with his arm full of shoes—when he saw me, he said, "How much a pound do you give for metal?"—I said, "This does not look like metal"—he then dropped the shoes, used very violent language, and tried to get away—I called a man from the warehouse—as I was going out, one of the prisoner's companions gave me a violent blow on the note, which broke the bridge—when I got the prisoner to the station he was very violent—he said, "I know this is a bellowser for me, and I won't have it for nothing," and he struck me again.





CHARLES COBB
. I am the prosecutor's foreman. I heard the cry of "Thieves"—I came down, and saw the prisoner struggling with Israel Levy, and by the parlour door there were a number of shoes, which had no business there.





HENRY FEEBETT
 (City police-constable, No 624.) I was called to the prosecutor's house—when I got there I saw several persons round the prisoner, holding him—he was trying to get away—he was given into my custody—on the way to the station he began to kick, and got me round the legs—a comrade came up, struck me, and assisted in throwing me down.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to the house; the prosecutor came, caught hold of me, and slammed the street door; he knocked me into the passage, and the policeman came; he said, "I will tell him I caught you going up

the passage, and I know you were after no good.;" since I have been here, he said he did not know that a girl was cleaning the parlour, and she had put the shoes against the door, and he was very sorry for what he had done.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22—


Transported for Seven Years.

