




1154. 




WILLIAM M'MANUS
 and 




ELLEN M'MANUS
 were indicted for

 feloniously and falsely making and counterfeiting 2 counterfeit coins resembling and apparently intended to resemble sixpences.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I went with a number of other police-constables, on the 19th of April, about one o'clock in the afternoon, to No. 3, Peartree-street, Westminster—the outer door of the house was open—I went up stairs to the second-floor front room—the door of that room was securely fastened with an iron bolt and a chair behind it, and the bedstead against it—I broke the door open, and then found it had been barricaded in this manner—when I got in I saw the male prisoner standing on a chair behind the door—his coat and waistcoat were off, and his shirt sleeves tucked up—he resisted very much—I pushed him into the arms of Neville, and at that time I saw his wife raise up the window with her left hand, and put her right hand out—that was after I had given her husband into custody—I gave Hawkins instructions to take the woman into custody—I looked at the fireplace—there was a clear coke and coal fire burning—it was rather a fierce fire—close to the fire-place there was a table, on which was a number of counterfeit sixpences, some in a tea-cup and some on the table—I laid hold of them—they were warm—eight of them were filled at the edges, and three

were not—the get was not attached to any of them, but apparently was broken off—here are the three which are in a rough state, with the get broken off—these other eight have been filed at the edges—I saw a pail containing some water—I put my hand into it, and took out some pieces of plaster-of Paris—one of them has a circle on it about, the size of sixpence—I placed a sixpence on it—it was about the size, but the plaster was partly perished in consequence of being in the water—I wrapped the pieces of plaster soparately, and was putting them and the sixpences, in a handkerchief, into my pocket, and the male prisoner sprang from the bed, on which he was sitting, handcuffed; he got the handkerchief from my hand, and the pieces of plaster fell about the place—he put his foot on one, and said, "Now, you b——r, I have done it"—there was no plaster on the sixpences before that, but they then got mixed with the plaster, which gave them the white appearance they now bear—I examined the cupboard, and found a small portion of plaster-of-Paris in powder, which I produce.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many of the sixpences were warm? A. They were all warm—I do not recollect any being cold—some were warmer than others—I saw his wife open the window with her left hand, and put her right hand out—I saw Sergeant Tate at the fire-place—I am not able to say what he did—I have not received any money for this—I do not know anything about that—there was a sunken circle on the plaster-of-Paris, but no letters—it is about the size of a sixpence.





HENRY TATE
 (police-sergeant G 2.) On the 19th of April I went with Brannan to this place—I assisted in forcing the door of the room—the two Prisoners were in the room—I went to the fire, and found a number of counterfeit sixpences—some were on the fire, partly melted, and others were whole—I found a spoon, which had contained metal, on the fire—the metal was upset on the fire, and some sixpences appeared as if they had been thrown, there—I produce them—here are four whole sixpences and four half sixpences—I found eight gets, and a part of a sixpence with a get attached to it—I found three files, and one of them had the appearance of while metal in the teeth of it—I saw Brannan take some white plaster out of the pail.





JAMES NEVILL
 (police-constable G 152.) I was the other officers—Brannan shoved the male prisoner into my arms—I saw the female prisoner lift up the window with her left hand, and throw her right hand out—I picked up a sixpence close by where she was standing at the window—I produce it.





JEMES HAWKINS
 (police-constable G 191.) I went in the room—I secured the female prisoner—her hands were wet, and appeared to have plaster-of-Paris on them.





HENRY HOLLOWAY

police-sergeant B 29.) I waited outside the house—I saw a female throw something out of the window with her right hand—it fell close to me—it was two counterfeit sixpences—these are them.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint—the sixpences produced are all counterfeit—they have been cast in two different moulds—some are dated 1840, and some 1845—some of them have been field on the edges, to remove the surplus metal left by the get, and three or four have not—this piece of plaster-of Paris appears to have been part of a mould—at present there is no impression on it—it appears to have been intended to cast sixpences—the circle is still on it—I apprehend it has been a mould for casting two sixpences at a time—there are parts of two circles—that is exactly the way in which such counterfeit sixpences would be made

by castng whit metal and pouring it on the plaster-of-Paris mould—this mould is broken, and here is only part of it left—here is a get which has part of a sixpence attached to it now, which would appear as if it came from the mould—this whit metal has been partly melted, and seems to have been thrown in the fire—this iron spoon would enable parties to melt such metal—it has white metal in the bowl of it now—a clear coke fire would answer the purpose well—here are three files—one of them has white metal in the teeth of it—the whole of these things are what are used for casting coin—here are three or four sixpences, some of which are partly melted, and some not—they present exactly the appearance of having been thrown suddenly on a fire—a mould made of this material, and thrown into water while it was warm, would have the impression obliterated very soon.

Cross-examined. Q. How long would it take to melt? A. I suppose not less than five minutes—the impression would be destroyed much earlier.

MR. PAYNE
called






ANN COLLINS
. I live at No. 1, Old Pye-street, Westminster. I have known the prisoners about nine months—they lived in the same house with me about six months—they lived together, and passed as man and wife—I let them the room afterwards—they were reputed to be man and wife—they slept together, and had their meals together.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What name did they go by? A. I always called her Mr. M'Manus—the man went by a nick-name—they used to call him Joss—I have always heard the woman called M'Manus, and she answered to thatname—they passed as Mr. and Mr. M'Manus—they left the house I live in about a month before Easter—my husband is a journeyman baker—I am kept in that house to look after it—it belongs to Mr. Abbott—it is a lodging-house—men come and hire a lodging for a night—the two prisoners took the room together—I let it them—they have now a two pair of stairs front room, at 3s. 6d. a week—the man gets his living by selling things in the street—the woman goes out washing or charring, or anything she can do—I know that her mother lives at Chelsea—I saw her one day last week, when she was coming to get a Counsel for her—I do not know her sister—I have heard her say she had a sister—I never heard her say her sister was married to a man named M'Manus.

WILLIAM M'MANUS—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.


ELLEN M'MANUS—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—



Confined Six Months.

