




814. 




WILLIAM DAVIS
 and 




DAVID GILLIS
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Steel, on the 
7th of February, at 

St. George the Martyr, and stealing therein 1 table cloth, value 1s., the goods of the said George Steel: and 1 writing-desk, value 10s.; 2 pocket-book a, value 1s.; and 1 pencil case, value 1s.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Robinson.






GEORGE STEEL
. I lire at No. 25, Great Ormond-street, in the parish of St. George the Martyr, Middlesex—it is my dwelling-house. On Friday the 7th of February, I was sitting in my back parlour—I heard the street door open, which I had come in at, and shut about five minutes before—thinking it was the servant gone out, I did not take notice of it, but hearing it creak afterwards, I went to see who it was—I looked out, and saw a crowd—I went into the parlour, and missed a desk, but did not miss the table-cloth till the next morning—it has not been found—it was mine—the desk was Mrs. Robinson's.





ELIZABETH ROBINSON
. I am a widow, and have apartments in the prosecutor's house—I left my writing-desk, two pocket-books and a pencil-case in it, in the front parlour—I shut the door about six in the evening—I afterwards missed my desk—this is it—(examining it.)





GEORGE PIPER
 (police-constable E 75) I was in Great Ormond-street at a quarter-past seven o'clock that evening, and saw the two prisoners in company with another—Davis went to the door of an empty house, and then to four or five others, and then to the prosecutor's—I lost sight of them for two minutes—I then saw them come from the door, and Davis had this desk—as soon as he saw me, he dropped it and ran off, I pursued and took him—in going along he dropped something down an area—I knocked and asked the servant, and found it—it was this latch-key, which opens the prosecutor's door—Gillie and the desk were then gone—he was taken by another officer in Holbom, a few minutes after, with the desk.





HENRY GRISS
 (police-constable F 1.) I took Gillis about twenty minutes to eight o'clock that evening—I met him with another in Holborn—he was carrying this desk—the other got away—he said the other gave it him to carry.

Davis's Defence. I own to having the desk in my possession, but did not drop the key.

Gillis's Defence. I know nothing about the robbery.

GILLIS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

DAVIS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.




Transported for ten Years.
