




2626. 




ROBERT EDMONSTON
 and 




JOSEPH ROBERTS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of August, 4 sovereigns, the monies of 



Edmund Phillips, from his person.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






EDMUND PHILLIPS
. I am a law-stationer, and live in Bedford-row. On Saturday morning, the 27th of August, I got partially intoxicated—I took a cab and rode about for a considerable time with a female—between four or five in the morning I got to Mr. Gurney's house in Farringdon-street—the cab-man demanded 8s., and I offered him 4s., and called a policeman—I took some sovereigns out of my left hand trousers pocket—the policeman got change for one—the prisoners were there at the time—after paying the cab-man I think I returned four sovereigns to my pocket—I am

sure I Had three sovereigns after that—I remained in the public-house for half an hour—I and the prisoners were standing at the bar talking and drinking, and suddenly Edmonston hit me a tremendous blow in the face, which knocked me down, blackened my eye, and loosened one of my teeth—immediately after I found one of their hands in my pocket—I believe it was Edmonston'i—I called out not to let them go, as they were about making off—a policeman was fetched and they were given into custody—I missed my money—no money was returned to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you been out all night? A. Yes. I was with some friends till about twelve o'clock at night—I was not particularly sober at twelve o'clock—after twelve I believe I went to a house in the Strand—I do not think it was called the Spotted Dog—it was near the New Church—I am not certain, but I dare say I drank there—most likely I went in with a view of getting drink—I adjonrned from one public-house to another—I had seen no set-to that night with "Sambo"—I very likely said I had seen a fine set-to with young Sambo—I might have gone into a dozen public-houses—I believe there was a young woman with me, I cannot tell—I did not go into a place in Covent-garden, kept by Platt—I do not recollect any thing about going to the Spotted Dog—I must have been riding about from one till half past four—I do not know whether I got out of the cab to go to any public house, nor recollect that I treated the policeman with a glass of rum and water—very, likely I did—I had been to no house with that female, except Gurney's.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where did you pick the lady up? A. I do not exactly know. I do not remember St. James's coffee-house, Covent-garden, nor anything about raw beef—I did not send the woman out for any—I do not remember talking about Attila and the races—I will not swear whether the prisoners were with me at all the places I Was at.





SAMUEL MARTIN
 (City police-constable, No. 331.) At half-past four o'clock in the morning of the 27th of August I was called by the cab-man—there was a dispute with him and the prosecutor about the fore—the prosecutor pulled out some sovereigns, gave me one to get change, and returned three or four to his left breeches pocket—the prisoners were there at the time, and had an opportunity of seeing these sovereigns—the female was standing by the cab—after that they went into Gurney's house—about five o clock I was called again to Gurney's house—I found the prosecutor in the act of rising from the floor in the house—the two prisoners were there—J took them—I saw them searched—some Vauxhall bills were found on Edmonston, and 3s. 7 1/2 d. on Roberta—there were no sovereigns found.





WILLIAM EGAN
. I live in Farringdon-street. I went into Gurney's on Saturday morning, the 27th of August—I saw the two prisoners, a young woman, and the prosecutor larking one with the other—the prosecutor had the money in his hand—I went out and heard a rush inside coming towards the door—some one said, "You must not go"—I opened the door, went in again, and found the prosecutor on the flat of his back, and Edmonston over him—I saw two sovereigns on the ground—Roberts took them up and put them into his mouth—I said, "Give the roan his money, it is a shame to use him in that way"—Roberts told me to mind my own business, I had nothing to do with it—he attempted to go behind my

back and get out—I collared him and said he should not go out till he was given into custody—the police then came in.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Can you account for those sovereigns not being found? A. I cannot say whether they were or not—I was not searched—I have never been in prison in my life—I told the policeman I saw Roberts put the sovereign into his mouth—he was taken to the station.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. The station is some distance from Guney's? A. Yes—I am sure Roberts put the money into his mouth—I have never been charged with dishonesty.
(Charles Griffiths, a shoemaker, of Dunning's-alley; and Rosetta Kirby, gave Edmonston a good character.)

EDMONSTON†—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

ROBERTS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.




Transported for ten Years.
