



2597. 




WILLIAM BATCHELOR
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of October, 1 counterpane, value 10s.; 1 table-cloth, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; 1 night-gown, value 2s.; 4 gowns, value 2l.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 1 pair of stays, value 1s.; 1 shawl, value 4s.; 1 towel, value 1s.; 4 spoons, value 1l.; 1 brooch, value 10s.; 1 breast-pin, value 10s.; 3 ear-drops, 1l.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 5s.; 5 rings, value 11s.; 20 planes, value 2l. 16s.; and 2 squares, value 9s.; the goods of 



William Griffiths.






MARY GRIFFITHS
. I am the wife of William Griffiths; we live in Esher-street, Westminster; the prisoner occupied a furnished room of ours for ten weeks. On the 9th of October I missed from a box in my own bed-room the table-cloth and other articles stated in the indictment, which are worth about 10l. 15s.—I went into the prisoner's room and missed the counterpane from his bed—I spoke to the prisoner's wife, and she acknowledged that he had taken the counterpane—the prisoner did not return till half-past twelve o'clock at night, and I then gave him in charge—I missed twenty planes and some other tools, which have not been found.





EDWARD GRAVES
. I was assistant to Mr. Page, a pawnbroker, at Vauxhall. I produce a gown pawned by the prisoner for 6s.





WILLIAM PINK
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Regent-street. I produce a counterpane pawned by the prisoner on the 11th of August, and a bed-gown pawned by him on the 8th of October.





GEORGE LARBOR
 (police-constable B 146.) I received charge of the prisoner—I found on him the duplicate of the counterpane.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. It was entire distress drove me to it—I had two children almost dying—I left a good situation to get into the Police, and had waited ten weeks for it.





MARY GRIFFITHS
. I do not consider he took these for the support of his family—his wife's two sisters were the principal support of his family——he was generally out till twelve or one o'clock, and sometimes all night.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
