



2316. 




DAVID DAVIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of July 1 shawl, value 1l. 5s.; 1 stock, value 5s.; 3 pairs of gloves, value 7s.; and 7 handkerchiefs, value 1l. 8s.; the goods of 



Frederick Charles Burnham Blackwell, his master.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK CHARLES BURNHAM BLACKWELL
. I live at Camberwell The prisoner had been in my employ—he came on the 19th of July—Lewis and Webster had been in my employ fora short time—Webster came in my employ on the 10th of July—then Lewis on the 12th—Webster left on the 19th—I questioned Lewis, and in consequence of something that occurred I had Davis taken up at Croydon—he was taken to the Rising Sun public-home—I I went there—I told him from what Lewis had stated to me he was guilty I of robbing me—he immediately turned very pale, and wished to leave the room with me—the policeman declined allowing that—the prisoner then walked to the other end of the room, and requested I would follow him—I did so—he said, "It is done, I can't help it; Lewis and Webster are the causes of it; I have only robbed you to the amount of 3l., bat Lewis and Webster have robbed you to a considerable amount"—I had made him no promise before he said that—I told him 1 was in possession of the facts, and begged him to be as candid as he could, and tell me every thing, for Lewis had related the whole—he said he could make no particular confession till the Monday.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLIRKSON. Q. What did you say about the Rising Sun public-house? A. I told him I wished to see him it the Rising Sun relative to some business I had with him—I did not invite him to take a glass at the Rising Sun—I said nothing about a glass when we got there, or before we got there—his wife was not there—my wife was there—we walked there together—I went into the parlour—there was a policeman of the letter P—I said to him, "Halloo, policeman, have you come from London?"—I had left London, and directed him to come down—I had called previously, and he had not come—I ordered a pint of half-and-half—the prisoner did not have any of that, to my knowledge —it was ordered for him if he liked to have it—we did not all get into one box on the railway—I did not say, "If you speak every thing you know, you shall get clear"—I did not say, "Have you robbed me of 10l.?"—he did not say not 10l., nor 3l., nor any thing—I accompanied the officer when the prisoner's premises were searched—I do not know how

I many things were taken that do not belong to me—the officer took them supposing them to be mine, but I do not claim them.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. There was a good deal of property you did claim?

A. Yes.





JOHN DUDLEY
 (police-constable P 263.) I went to the prisoner's house and searched it—he gave his address at the station to the inspector, "No. 2, Agnes-street, Waterloo-road"—I was present—I found three pairs of gloves, a stock, shawl, and three duplicates, which concern this indictment—nothing else—I was at the Rising Sun—I waited there till the prisoner came in company with the prosecutor—he asked the prosecutor to go out—I prevented it—I saw him go to the other end of the room—they were not near enough for me to hear what they said—in walking to the station the prosecutor accused him of robbing him—the prisoner said, "You have been robbed of as much as 1l. a day besides goods."





THOMAS LEWIS
 (a prisoner.) I was in the employ of the prosecutor—we robbed him—the first parcel we sent to Davis's house was on the 30th of July—I had been in the prosecutor's house a month Wore this—these drab shawls, kid gloves, stocks, and handkerchiefs, Davis packed up, and sent to his house—I was engaged at the time, or I should have helped him—they were sent by the Parcels Delivery Company—we did not let the prosecutor know we were going to rob him.

Cross-examined. Q. Show us the marks of them? A. This is the milk on the stock E N, which means 2s. 6d.—there is no mark on the others.





JOHN HENRY ALDRIDGE
. I am a pawnbroker, in Hoi ling-street. I produce seven handkerchiefs pawned with me for 16s., on the 24th of July, think by the prisoner—I am not certain—I gate this duplicate for them.





JOHN DUDLEY

re-examined. I found this duplicate in the prisoner's house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Tears.
