



1246. 




ROBERT BARRON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 6d., and 1 groat; the property of 



George Kearley, from the person of 



Eliza Kearley; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.






ELIZA ANN KEARLEY
. I am the wife of George Kearley, of Devonshrre-street, New North-road. On Friday, 23rd April, about half-past twelve o'clock, I sent my little girl, Eliza Kearley, on an errand—I gave her a purse with a fourpenny piece in it—it was in her hand—the prisoner and the little girl were brought back by a policeman—the child said, in the prisoner's presence, that he had taken the purse away from her—she went up to the prisoner, pointed at him, and said, "That is the man that took it"—he said it was not him that took it.





WILLIAM FREDERICK ROBERTS
. I am nine years old, and live with my father, Edwin Roberts. On Friday morning I was nursing a baby, my sister, in Wimborne-street, and saw Eliza Kearley—I did not know her before—she had a purse in her hand—the prisoner came, snatched it out of her hand, and ran away—I am quite sure he is the man—I saw him stopped by Mr. Blackman.





GEORGE BLACKMAN
. I was in Wimborne-street, I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and I saw the prisoner running, made over towards him, and stopped—a trades-man in the neighbourhood, whom I know, was at the other end of the street, and said, "Hold him tight"—I said to the prisoner, "What is it all about?"—he said, "I do not know"—I held him—the little girl came up, and said, "Give me my money"—I said, "Is it in a bag?"—she said, "No, it is in a purse"—I asked him if he took it—he said he knew nothing about it.






RICHARD BUDGEN
 (Policeman 229.) I took the prisoner—he denied the charge—I said, "If you did not steal the purse, why did you run away a fast?—he said his feet were numbed—it was not cold weather.





JAMES HAWKINS
. (Policeman 181.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Jan., 1847, and confined three months—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

