




1167. 




WILLIAM CLARKE
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Tribe, at 
St. Marylebone, about the hour of two in the night of the 
25th of March, with intent to steal and stealing therein, 1 gown, value 2s.; 1 thimble, value 6d.; 2 garter s. value 2d.; 3 aprons, value 18d.; 2 shifts, value 2s.; 1 bed-gown, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3d.; 1 night-cap, value 3d.; and 1 book, value 4d.; the goods of 



Dinah Mapleston: 1 shawl, value 2s.; 1 brooch, value 7s.; 1 work-box, value 2s.; 2 books, value 2s.; 1inkstand, value 2d.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 2d.; and 1 shawl, value 2s.; the goods of 



Caroline Watts: 5 pairs of boots, value 1l. 5s.; 2 pairs of shoes, value 10s.; 2 candlesticks, value 1l.; 1 toast-rack, value 5s.; 3 forks, value 1l. 12s.; 1 fish-slice, value
15s.; 1 teapot, value 15s.; 1 cream-jug, value 2l. 10s.; 1 mustard-pot, value 1s.; 1 kettle, value 10s.; 4 bottles, value 1s.; 3 pints of beer, value 1s.; 3 decanters, value 15s.; 2 liquor-glasses, value 1s.; 6 wine-glasses, value 3s.; 2 finger-glasses, value 3s.; 4 tumblers, value 3s.; 2 salt-cellars, value 7s.; 1 corkscrew, value 6d.; 39 knives, value 1l. 16s; 15 forks, value 18s.; 3 table-cloths, value 5s.; 19 towels, value 5s.; 5 dusters, value 6d.; 1 table-cover, value 3d.; and 1 oyster-knife, value 4d.; the goods of the said John Tribe.






DINAH MAPLESTON
. I am cook in the service of John Tribe. On Good Friday night, the two servants and master and mistress went up to bed at the same time—I had fastened the doors and windows myself—I fastened the back door leading to the garden—it had had eight panes of glass in it, but four were broken out, and wood was put in their places—they were in the middle of the door, and were all sound and whole when I fastened the door—we went to bed about eleven o'clock—I got up next morning at half-past six—the housemaid, Caroline Watts, was down first—when I came down I went into the back-kitchen, and saw the door, which I bad fastened, a little way open, and one of the panes of wood taken out—the bolts, which I had fastened top and bottom, were undone—the key was left in the lock—a person could reach it, to unlock the door, by putting his arm through the opening, but could notreach the bolt—I saw the garden-rake there, and with that the bolts could be reached and put back, for I saw the policeman do it afterwards—I went up and called my master, who came down directly—I looked about, and missed a gown, and three aprons of mine, which I had seen safe the night before, when I went to bed—the gown was in the pantry, by the side of the kitchen, and the aprons were in the kitchen drawer—I missed several things of master's, some plate, a cream-pot, teapot, and some knives and towels, which I had seen safe the night before—the knives were in the cupboard—I missed other things.





CAROLINE WATTS
. I was in the service of Mr. Tribe, as housemaid. On Good Friday, when I went to bed, I saw the cook fasten the back-kitchen door—I was up first in the morning—it had gone half-past six o'clock when I got down—I did not go into the back-kitchen myself—I tent into the pantry, and missed a box from under the table—the kitchen was all in confusion, and the drawers were open—I missed the plate and other things, which I had seen safe when I went to bed—the plate was in the kitchen drawer—there was no man-servant—I had never seen the prisoner before.





STEPHEN WALTER
 (police-constable S 83.) On the morning of the Saturday after Good Friday I was on duty in the Hanley-road, and about six o clock I saw the prisoner carrying a large bundle in his hand, going in a direction from Mr. Tribe's, and nearly half a mile from it—I asked him what he had got in the bundle—he said, some old shoes, which he was going to take home to mend—I asked where he was going to take them—he said, "To praed-street, Paddington"—I asked where he brought them from—he said, from a cottage, at West-end, Hampstead—I observed he had something heavy in his pockets—I asked what he had there—he said, some old knives and forks, which his brother had given him, that he lived at the cottage—I asked how he came there so early—he said he had got a little drop too much, and stopped there all night—I said, I thought it was not all right he must go to the station-house—he went quietly till we got into

North-street—he then asked if I was going to take him to the station-house—I said "Yes"—he said he would not go any further—I then laid hold of him—he resisted, and struck me on the side of the head with his hand, and tore off part of the tail of his coat which I held—he did not get away—I took him to the station-house, and examined his bundle, which I produce—I have had possession of it ever since—it contains a pair of candle-sticks, a toast-rack, a quantity of boots and shoes, and a great-coat—I found this plate in his trowsers' pockets, and a gold brooch, part of the blade of a sword-stick, which had been broken, a silver mug, and several silver spoons, forks, and other things—he had a pair of boots on his feet, which I produce—I went to Mr. Tribe's, No. 3, Gravel-place, Edgeware. road, on Friday morning, the 1st of April, and took the piece of sword blade with me—I saw a box there, with part of the lid broken off—I saw it opened, looked into it, and found part of the blade in the box—I matched it with the part found in the prisoner's pocket, and it corresponded—I have the two parts here.

Prisoner. I did not strike you. I asked you to let me go and tell my wife I had got into trouble; you said you should do no sod thing, and you laid hold of my coat, and tore the tail off. Witness. I had the marks of the blow you struck me several days afterwards—you said you had a drop too much.





JAMES DOSS
 (police-constable S 66.) I went to Mr. Tribe's house on Saturday morning, the 26th of March, at a little after six o'clock, and heard of the robbery—I found a pair of shoes there—the back kitchen-door was open, a wooden pane was broken out, and lying on the step of the door outside, and a rake stood inside the house in the back kitchen—I tried to see if a person could put the rake through, and unfasten the bolts with it, and I did it myself—I found a pair of shoes about a yard from the door—I went again in the afternoon and found three bundles covered up in a ditch at the back of Gravel-place, about 120 yards from the house—I showed the contents which I have here to Mrs. Tribe and the servants.





JOHN WOOLFE
 (police-constable S 20.) I was at the station on Saturday morning when the prisoner was brought in—he had a pair of boots on his feet—I assisted the constable to take them off, as he resisted—I afterwards went to Mr. Tribe's—Doss had gone before me.

Prisoner. I know nothing of the boots found at the house; I were shoes for the last twelve months. Witness. The boots that were on his feet at the station are claimed by the prosecutor.





JOHN TRIBE
. I live at No. 3, Gravel-place, Kilburn, in the parish of St. Marylebone. I know the articles produced—this silver jug I have had from my childhood—the initials of my name are upon it—it has been bruised, but they are still here—we had such articles on Good Friday as these spoons, forks, and toast-rack—this pair of boots taken off the prisoner's feet I believe to be mine—I have a peculiar sort which I wear—they have cork soles inside, which these have—I had such a pair in my house on the Friday, and missed them on Saturday morning—they are mine to the best of my belief—here is another pair I am certain are mine, and another pair I know better—I have no particular mark on the plate—I know the articles—I afterwards saw what things the policeman brought in from the ditch in the field, and can identify several of them.





DINAH MAPLESTON

re-examined. I saw these shoes in the house on Good Friday—I do not know any of them by any mark—I had

nothing to with the plate—this gown I believe to be mine—I had one like it, but there is no particular mark on it—I had seen it in the pantry on the Friday, when I got up in the morning it was gone.





CAROLINE WATTS

re-examined. The plate produced is the kind of plate we missed—I do not know it by any mark—I missed the spoons, forks, and two large spoons, which I saw in the drawer with the plate that night before I went to bed—I was in the habit of cleaning these spoons—here are two large spoons like them—there is no mark or letters on them—I missed a sauce-ladle and some silver forks, a fish-knife, and three teaspoons, all like these produced—I had seen them the night before in the same drawer—I missed a fish-slice and three spoons like those produced—I know this silver mug—it has master's initials upon it, which I had noticed—I saw it the night before, when I went to bed—it is the same mug.

Prisoner's Defence. about half-past five in the morning I got up to go to West-end. Hampstead, to a carpenter I know to ask employ; a I crossed the fields, I saw a bundle in the ditch; it was a small shawl with these things in it; I opened it, put some thing in my pocket, and the policeman stopped me, and asked where I was going; I said to West-end, and I had found them.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—

Transportted for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

