



2172. 




PETER BUSHELL



 was again, indicted for stealing 1 copper, value 8s., the goods of 



Richard Thomas Thornton Brown, and fixed to a building; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM BROWK
. I went to No. 9, Alpha-terrace, a few days after the 24th of June, and saw a copper in the kitchen, the property of Richard Thomas Thornton Brown—there was a sort of whitewash on the top of it, as the house was under repair.





ALFRED JONES
. I live in Skinner-street, Bishopsgate, and am employed at Mr. Brown's house, Alpha-terrace, Wawortb—I saw a copper in the back kitchen of No. 3—I was in the habit of leaving my tools in the copper—there was a holdfast in the bottom of it, and the damp had caused it to rust and corrode on the bottom, and by that I should know it again—I saw a copper found on the prisoner which had the mark of which I speak—I saw it fitted to the kitchen—it fitted exactly—the kitchen had been coloured a

salmon-colour, and there was a little of the same colour on the copper—I have no doubt it was the same.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You would not swear to it? A. Yes I do—I am a bricklayer—I saw it safe on Friday, the 28th of June—I was at work there colouring—I saw the mark which the holdfast made—I had found it lying in the copper, and took it out—the kitchen walls were salmon coloured—I have not a doubt of it—it fitted exactly.





WILLIAM BURTON
 (policeman.) I found this copper on the prisoner in a basket on the 1st of July, about 300 yards from this bouse, at half-past six in the morning.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it in the public road you saw him? A. I followed him, seeing him with a basket—the copper was doubled up; but a policeman, who had been a blacksmith, beat it out—I went to the prisoner's house about half-past seven o'clock, and saw his wife—I did not say it would be a long time before she saw him again, nor use the word lag—the prisoner did not tell me he had bought the copper.

MR. CHARNOCK
called






ROBERT CHAPMAN
. I live in Peacock-street, Newington-butts, and have lived there thirty years—the property is my own, and is leasehold—I have known the prisoner six or seven years—I had been to the Borough to look at a horse for a gentleman, and on returning I met him by the Elephant and Castle on the 29th of June, I think, at half-past six o'clock—a man came after him with some copper, lead, and different things, in a bag at the back of the Elephant and Castle—he took the copper out—it was bent up like a hat-box—he said he was going to sell it at Haman's, who keeps a marine store shop at Wai worth—the prisoner said, "You cannot sell it there, they don't do business this day"(I believe Haman is a Jew)—the prisoner said, "I will buy it of you, if we can agree"—he looked at them, and offered 15s. for the whole, if he would come to where he lived, as he had not the money about him—they went there, and the prisoner gave him half a sovereign and I think a crown-piece—the copper was all beat up together—there appeared more than one—after he paid him I believe they had some beer—I left them there—I did not examine the articles.

COURT. Q. I suppose you weighed it, did not you? A. No, I believe they weighed it—the man said there was 301bs. of lead—I did not see any lead—I saw the coppers—it was a bushel bag, I think—the man was on the public road on the pavement—there are always a great many people there—nobody interfered—the Elephant was in my way home—the prisoner lives about ten minutes walk from the Elephant, about five minutes walk from where the copper was stolen from—the man was accidentally passing with it—I did not know him, and do not suppose that the prisoner did—he called him by a name—the prisoner is a respectable man—I never knew him in trouble—he is a painter and glazier—I swear all this took place in the public street—I am speaking the truth.





WILLIAM FENSOM
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from the clerk of the peace of Surrey—I was present when he was convicted at Newington sessions for stealing a copper, and sentenced to six months' imprisonment—(read)—I know him to be the man.




GUILTY
.* Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

