



1607. 




JANE CHAPPELL



, uttering counterfeit coin, after a previous conviction.


MR. CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Royal Mint. Iproduce a copy of the record of the conviction of Jane Chappell at this Court—I have compared it with the original—it is correct—(read—Convicted April, 1846, and Confined Nine Months.)





RICHARD MOORE
. I am beadle of Covent-garden. I was a witness at Jane Chappell's trial in April, 1846—the prisoner is the person.





SUSANNA WILLIS
. I am the wife of Robert Willis, a cheesemonger, of White-street, Southwark. On 2nd June, about two in the afternoon, theprisoner came to our shop for a piece of ham—it came to 4d.—she gaveme a good half-crown in payment, and 1 gave her 2s. 2d. change—the twoshillings were good—she said she would not have the ham unless I gave heranother penny—she would have her money back again—I refused to let herhave it for 3d., and gave her her money back—I then told her she couldhave it for 3 1/2 d.—she threw down another half-crown—it was not the oneshe had given me before—I told her it was bad—she said if I did not likethat there was another one, gave me a good one, and took up the other one—I gave her change again, the same shillings, and another halfpenny—shethen said she would not have it except I let her have it for 3d.—she thenthrew the shillings down on the counter—I saw that one of them was bad, and told her it was not the same that I had given her—she said it was, andsaid she should not go except I gave her another shilling—I told her I shouldnot do so, as I had not given her a bad one—I called the policeman, and

when she saw him coming, she wished for the change and the meat, and tohgo—I gave the policeman the shilling, and he took the bad half-crown fromher hand.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not, when you gave me the change for the firsthalf-crown, put it on the counter? A. Yes; and it remained there—I did not put it in my purse when you said you would not have the ham—I did put the first half-crown in my purse—I said the half-crown was badwhen you put it down—you took it from your hand.

COURT. Q. How do you know you gave her back the same one?A. Because it was at the top of my purse—I had not moved my purse—itlaid on the counter, so that it could not have gone down among the othermoney—I am sure the bad shilling she gave me had not been given her byme in the first instance.





GEORGE GOLDSMITH
 (policeman 234.) I was called to Mrs. Willis' shop, and she gave me this shilling (produced)—I took the prisoner into custody, and took this half-crown (produced) from her hand.

MR. POWELL
re-examined. The half-crown and shilling are both counterfeit.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not put my hand near the money on the counter; Mrs. Willis turned out seven or eiht half-crowns on the counter; she gaveme the shilling.




GUILTY
. ** Aged 58.—


Transported for Ten Years.

