



1474. 




MARY CALLAND
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of
June, at 
St. Marylehone, one 10l. note, the monies of 



Maria Susan Quantin, her mistress, in her dwelling-house.



MR. BALDWIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MARIA SUSAN QUANTIN
. I live at No. 12, Lyon-terrace, Edgeware-road, and am single. The prisoner came into my service on the 24th of May, and on Saturday morning, the 7th of June, about' half-past ten o'clock, she said she would leave, as the situation did not suit her—she was to leave in the evening, but absconded directly that morning—I examined my cash-box, which I keep in my bed-room, on the Thursday following, and missed a 10l. note—I had ten 10l. notes there—I saw them safe the first week she was with me, but not afterwards—the numbers were 34422, and the others were in rotation—I got the numbers from my agent who pays me—I swear I had ten notes—I frequently trusted the prisoner with a bunch of keys on which was the key of the cash-box—the keys on the hunch opened several cupboards—she had them two or three days before she left, and frequently was sent to a cupboard where things for the use of the kitchen were kept—the first time I tent her for my cash-box was to pay a bill—she brought it down—I took it into the front kitchen and opened it—she did not see me take the money out, but she knew it came from the box—I never gave her a 10l. note to change, or for any purpose.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLAKTINE. Q. What other servants had you? A. Only herself—I have a gentleman lodges with me, nobody else—during the fortnight she lived with me I had no other servant—before I missed the note I had a very respectable young woman to assist me, and she is with me now—she came on the Sunday, and her sister came on Saturday night while I was alone—the keys were not left about then—I knew Mrs. Cuer formerly—she never came to my house but once, that was two days before the prisoner went away.





JANE MAZE
. I am the wife of George Maze, and live in Lewisham-road. The prisoner came to lodge at our house on Monday evening, the 9th of June—I saw three sovereigns in her possession on the Wednesday following—she took three out of a purse, and asked me to get change for one—I assisted her to make a dress, and trimmed a bonnet for her while she was there.





JOHN WM. SMITH DOVE
. I am servant to Mr. Derry, a linen-draper, at Blackheath. I know the prisoner—she came to our shop on Monday, the 9th of June, and bought a bonnet and some ribbon—she came almost every day and bought articles, and paid me in all from 2l. to 3l. I should say.

Cross-examined. Q. Was she alone? A. She was with an elderly female once—the prisoner paid on every occasion.





EDWIN AUGUSTUS BUSHELL
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce a 10l. note, No. 34432, dated 10th of Jan., 1845, which was paid into the Bank on the 4th of June.

MISS QUANTIN. I have no mark of my own on the note





JAMES PALMER
. I keep the Lord Chancellor public-house, North-street, Edgware-road. I changed this note on the 4th of June, and have put the name of "Quantin, 4—6—45, A. P." on it—I know Mrs. Quantin very well, and to the best of my belief it was the prisoner changed it, but will not swear it—I am certain it was not Mrs. Quantin herself.

Cross-examined. Q. It might have been brought you by anybody? A. It might—I know it was brought from Mrs. Quantin by the name on it—I have some faint recollection of the person; but not to swear to her.






SARAH EVELEIGH
. I am searcher at the police-station, Greenwich. I searched the prisoner on the 17th of June, and found 19s. in silver, and 1d.—she had two rings on her finger, which she took off—she had a new dress, a new bonnet, new handkerchief, shoes, and parasol, which she took off, and put on her old clothes—she was very much agitated, and said, "I wish to tell the truth"—I said, "I don't wish to hear anything about it"—she said, "I cannot be happy till I tell the truth; I took three sovereign! from my mistress"—I said, "I believe you are charged with taking a 10l. note"—she made no answer to that—she was then taken up stairs—before she went she said she was very weak, and wished me to make her a cup of tea—I made her some half an hour after, and took it up—she took it in through the little door, and said to me, "Did not you tell me I was charged with stealing a 10l. Bank note?"—I said, "Yes, you are"—she said, "Well, I will tell the truth, I did take the note, and kept it several days before I changed it; I changed it at the Lord Chancellor."

Cross-examined. Q. You did not wish to hear what she had to say? A. No—I have been told not to ask questions, and I was busy—I did not want to hear anything about it—my husband is a policeman—I do not think I saw him after the prisoner asked for the tea—I saw several police-sergeants—a young man at the station told me she was charged with stealing a 10l. note—I did not hear it was changed at the Lord Chancellor till she told me.





JOHN BOOTH
 (police-sergeant.) In consequence of information I went to Mr. Maze—I produce two silk handkerchiefs, a pair of new gloves, two collars, two pairs of silk stockings, a parasol, bonnet, and other articles.

J.W.S. DOVE
re-examined. I sold these two handkerchiefs to the prisoner on Saturday, and these collars—I cannot swear to the bonnet.

MRS. QUANTIN. I had not paid her any wages.
(John King, carpenter, Halls-place; Richard Barden, collector of poor-rates of St. Andrew's, give the prisoner a good character)




GUILTY. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix and Jury.






Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

