



2478. 




ROBERT COUSINS
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL WALTERS
. I am a silk manufacturer, and live in Wilson-street, Finsbury. The prisoner was my clerk and town-traveller for seventeen or eighteen years, at a salary of 200l. a-year, which was paid whenever he applied for it—it was his duty to receive money from my various customers, and to enter the sums on the day he received them in this day-book—if he received checks he was to pay them into my bankers, Smith, Payne, and Co., or to bring them home—I have been in the habit of leaving town for the country every day at four o'clock—I had some conversation with Mr. Costa's clerk, and, on the afternoon of the 5th of August, I called the prisoner's attention to Costa's account, which appears to be 33l. 2s.—it is in the prisoner's hand-writing—there appears no entry from Morrisson on the 3rd of July, of 5l. 7s., nor till the 15th of July, when there is an entry of 5l.—there is no entry of 5l. 11s. 6d. on the 23rd of June, from Mr. Watson.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You and the prisoner are cousins by marriage? A. He married a cousin of my first wife's—I find in this book a check of 44l. accounted for as paid into Smith's—the check was crossed, and must have found its way there—here is an entry of 5l. 7s., and of 5l. 11s.

MR. DOANE. Q. these appear entered on the 15th of July? A. Yes, they make up the 44l.





JOHN WATSON
. I am a draper, and live on Holborn-hill. On the 23rd of June I paid the prisoner 5l. 11s. 6d. by a check on account of his master.





RICHARD WADE
. I am clerk to Morrisson and Co., in Fore-street. On the 8th of July I paid the prisoner 5l. 7s.—the check was dated the 7th—I did not pay him any on the 15th of July.





JOHN GREY
. I am clerk to Costa and Company. I paid the prisoner, on the 15th of July, a check for 44l.





STEPHEN WALTERS
. I am a solicitor, and the prosecutor's nephew. My attention was called to this by him on Monday, the 7th of August, I went to the warehouse, and saw the prisoner—when I entered he was in the room behind the counting-house—he came out, and I called his attention to the entry 33l. 2s.—he said he had received the 44l., that it was a very dry argument, and the fact was he wanted the money then—I asked why he had not entered Morrisson's check—he said it appeared he had received it on the 30th—I said, "I don't see how it appears so"—I then said, "Why did you not enter it when you received it?"—he said he wanted the money—I then asked him about other transactions.




GUILTY
. Aged 62.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner, and the prosecutor stated his loss to be 450l.)
