








1166. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
,





GEORGE SMITH
, said




THOMAS HORSSEY
,



WILLIAM BARRETT
, said 




DAVID ANTHONY DUFFY
,and 




WILLIAM BAILEY



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Robert Creasy, at Camberwell, and stealing therein 52 pairs of boots, value 21l. 5s.; 98 pairs of shoes, 13l. 8s.; 4 pairs of clogs, 16s.; 6 pairs of socks, 3s. 6d.; and 12 yrds of India-rubber sandals, 2s. 6d.; his property.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT CREASY.
 I am a boot and shoemaker, at Southampton-street, in Camberwell parish; it is my dwelling-house. On 13th March I was in my

shop, about half-past twelve o'clock—I heard a noise in the street, and ran out to put up my shutters—I have a glass door that hangs on—I took that down first—I had got two shutters up, and my boy was giving me the third—the mob came up—I said, "I am a poor man; if you want anything, don't come to me"—I said I was not maker of laws, I had nothing to lose, and begged them not to distress me—I persuaded fifty or sixty of them to go on—after that the main body came up; I should think 400 or 500—they beat my front in with staves and sticks—they were armed with staves of barrels, and sticks of all descriptions—I ran in and bolted the door—my wife was trying to get a few shoes out of the window—she has a child in her arms, and I pushed her away, and jumped into the window myself to save a few—I had 162 pairs of boots and shoes taken away—the cost price of them was 35l. 16s., without my shop front—I swear Smith was there—I saw him smash my front, and distinctly saw him take some boots and shoes.





THOMAS IRELAND.
 I am foreman to Mr. Atfield, of Southampton-street, next door but one to Mr. Creasy's shop—I swear to Horssey, as one who broke the window and destroyed the frames—he had a staff or piece of paling in his hand—there was only one house between us—I was three or four yards from him—I saw Bailey there.

Horssey. I asked him what I wore, and he said, "A cap;" I said I wore a hat, and I was in a wood-chopper's yard all the day; I can get witnesses to prove it; I was not near the place; he said he thought it was me, and then he said he could speak positively. Witness. I said I could not say what he wore—I did not say he wore a cap—I spoke positively to him by his countenance—I told him I could swear to him out of 10,000—I have not the least doubt that he was there.





SAMUEK WALTERS.
 I am a labourer, at Little Guilford-street, Borough. On 13th March I was at the corner of Southampton-street—I saw a mob breaking into Mr. Creasy's shop—Smith and Williams had tow railings, breaking the front of the window—I saw them take boots and shoes, and put them in different parts of their dress, and then they and three others left the mob—I heard Smith say. "They had better mam us"—the other three left Smith and Williams by the side of the Surrey Canal—I followed Smith and Williams into the Walworth-road, met a policeman, and gave them in charge—I saw boots and shoes taken from them at the Police-court.

Williams. He is a convicted felon; he was concerned in a burglary, for which there was 20l. reward. Witness. I was convicted two years ago, but I was led into it—it was for a box of clothes that another party took—I had six months—I have never been charged with any other offence—I have been working for my father ever since.

Smith. I had no stick in my hand; there is not a word he says but what is false. Witness. He was more resolute in breaking windows than the others.





HENRY JOHNSON
 (policeman, P 211.) I was on duty in the Walworth-road—Walters pointed out Smith and Williams—I took them to the station—I found on Smith these boots, one in each side-pocket, and on Williams this other pair, tucked up under his waistcoat, one on each side—they had other property—I asked them where they got it—they said it was no business of mine.





WILLIAM SUMMERTON.
 I live at Edward-street, Camberwell. I was near Mr. Creasy's shop on 13th March, and saw Barrett take some boots and shoes out of the window—I followed him down to Mr. Grey's, the silversmith's, and when the mob dispersed he came away—I followed, and caught

him—he flung down in the road a boot, a shoe, and some upper-leathers—I gave him into custody—other things were found on him.





ALEXANDER ARNOLD
 (policeman, T 54.) I took Barrett from Mr. Summerton—I found on him these boots, shoes, and upper-leathers.





CHARLES JECKS.
 When Summerton took Barrett he dropped this boot—I found these shoes in his breeches pocket.





THOMAS BARRETT.
 I live in John-street, Camberwell. On 13th March I was in Southampton-street and saw the mob coming towards Mr. Creasy's—Duffy was the leader—he had a small iron bar in his hand—he smashed in the front of Mr. Creasy's shop—I was half-a-dozen yards from him—he had a red comforter round his neck.

Duffy. Q. What time was it? A. Half-past twelve—there were, I suppose, 500 persons—you were in company with the others—I did not see you take anything out of the shop—I was not a special constable—I never ran away for horsr-stealing—I was never tried, and never was married to, or lived with, any woman who was transported—Mr. Creasy's was broken into first—Mr. Grey's is about a quarter of a mile further on in the same street—I could pick you out of 20 or 30 men of the same colour and size—I know you by your face.





GEORGE COREETT.
 I first saw Diffy on 13th March, about half-past twelve o'clock—he was in the mob in South-street, and another dark man with him—Creasy's had been broken in, and I saw the mob going in the direction of Mr. Grey's—I could swear to Duffy amongst fifty thousand—his face is altered since then—he had hair on his face, and this comforter (looking at it) was round his neck—I was present when it was taken off at the Police-court on Thursday, by Wright.

Duffy. You were not in the passage of the cells when it was taken from me. Witness. I was at the door—South-street is nearly a quarter of a mile from Mr. Grey's and Mr. Creasy's is about the eighth of a mile from Mr. Grey's—I am positive to the time I saw you.





RICHARD THIMBLEBY.
 I live in Picton-street, Camberwell. I did not see the disturbance on the Wednesday evening—I took Duffy in the Mint—he was pointed out by Barrett—he said it was not him, I was mistaken, it was Black Ben—he said he could prove he was not out of Kent-street that Monday.





GEORGE WILD
 (policeman, M 94.). I went to Bailey's place on 16th March, and knocked—a woman said he was in bed—I followed her and said to him, "Is your name Bailey?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "I went to look at your boots"—he showed me an old pair—I said, "This is no what I want"—he went across the room, and handed me these two boots—I said, "I shall take you, on suspicion of stealing these at Camberwell"—he said, "I bought them of a man who wore a velvet coat, on Tuesday morning"—I took him to Kennington-lane and went to Mr. Creasy's who found the fellows to these boots—Bailey said he was not there.





JOHN SAMAIN.
 I am shopman to Mr. Hatfield. There are two shops between his and Mr. Creasy's—on 13th March, I was putting up the shutters—the mob moved from there to Mr. Creasy's—I saw Bailey there—I swear positively to him.

Bailey. Q. What did you notice me by? A. I took notice of your features—it was from a quarter to twenty minutes past twelve o'clock.





ROBERT CREASY

re-examined. These boots found on Bailey are mine—this one found, I went to a basket and paired—this other boot is mine, but I have not the fellow to it.


Horssey's Defence. I was at work, chopping wood.

Duffy's Defence. It is very hard I should be prosecuted for another man; it is Charles Lee I am taken for; the M policemen can say I was never brought to their division; I would beg rather than steal; I went to try to get work, but there were so many person; I stopped there till half-past ten o'clock; I went over to Tooley-street; I saw a young woman with a box; I carried it for her through St. Paul's Church-yard to the Strand; she turned into a respectable street, I put it down, she gave me 1s. 6d.; I went back over the bridge to the Town Hall, it then wanted a quarter to one, and when I got to St. George's Church it wanted five minutes; if I were on a dying bed I could say I am innocent of the crime.





JOHN DELANEY
 (policeman, M 100.) Duffy has been brought to the office for begging, but not for felony, to my knowledge.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Where have you known him? A. In the Mint—he goes about without shirt, shoe, or stocking—he generally wears some little whiskers, which he had shaved off.





SAMUEL WALTERS.
 Bailey went out in the morning with me—we passed Kennington-common—I lost him, and saw no more of him till I saw him by the Surrey-canal, where I was then watching Williams and Smith—that was when the mob had left Mr. Creasy's and were gone to Mr. Grey's—I have known him five or six years—to the best of my belief he has borne a good characgter—I saw him again next morning—he said to me, "I bought a pair of boots of a man; I gave 1s. 6d. for them"—I said, "I would not wear them"—he said, "I don't know; I gave a fair price for them."
(Lydia Gotobed, and Francis Pendrith, a baker, gave Horssey a good character.)

WILLIAM.—


GUILTY. Aged 19.

SMITH—


GUILTY. Aged 19.

HORSSEY—


GUILTY. Aged 18.






Transported for Seven Years.


DUFFY—


GUILTY. Aged 21.

BAILEY—


GUILTY. Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years more.


BARRETT—


GUILTY.

