




1587. 




THOMAS PATTERSON
 and 



ELLEN PATTERSON
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



George Allen, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 1l. 5s.; 1 chain, 6d.; 3 keys, 1s.; 1 cigar-case, 4s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, 2s. 6d.; 1 pair of gloves, 1s.; 1 bag, 2d.; 6 shillings, 3 sixpences, 3 pence, and 6 halfpence, his property; and feloniously cutting and wounding him on the head, at the time of the said robbery.—2nd COUNT, for striking, and using other personal violence to him.



MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE ALLEN
. I am a linen glazer, and live at No. 9, Monkell-street, Fore-street, City. On the 19th of May I saw the prisoners in a public-house at the corner of Barbican—there was a young woman in my company, who asked them to drink—we had rum and water—they did so, and the male prisoner called for half-a-pint of gin—we drank the rum and water and gin together, and came out together—they asked where I was going—I said I was going home—they forced me very much to go and have something more to drink—I went into a public-house near the Post-office, and called for two glasses of brandy and water, which I paid for—we drank it together, and came out into Aldersgate-street—they asked me to go home with them, and took me to a room on the ground floor in a court in Aldersgate-street—they asked me to have supper—I refused—they had some—in the mean time one of the three asked me to take my hat off—I refused—one of the three said, "Take it off"—I asked for my hat a great many times, to go—they refused to give it to me—I got up and said I would go—one of the three put the candle out—the male prisoner immediately came up, collared me, and said, "Deliver up all you have, or it will be the worse for you"—I refused to do so—he immediately struck me on the head with a poker or some iron instrument, which felled me to the ground—the two females assisted him in doing so—the female prisoner was one of them—they beat me very much, and kicked me—I struggled to get off the ground—one of the three called out, "Get me a knife and I will cut the b—y b—'s throat"—I got up off the ground, and missed my watch from my fob—I begged them to spare my life whatever they did—I said, "Now you have robbed me of all I have, let me go"—they began to put their hands into my pocket, and took all I had—the two females opened the door and looked out—I made a plunge, got from the male prisoner, and he ran out after me and said, "Collar him, collar him; d——n his eyes, never let him go"—they all three got hold of my collar—I got from them again, and ran away, called a policeman, and made a complaint—I saw the prisoners again in about half an hour pass the end of the street, and pointed them out—I said, "There go two of the party;" and I heard Elizabeth Patterson say, "Run, Tom, run."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you know the male prisoner before? A. No, nor the young woman I was first with—I met her in Aldersgate-street about eleven o'clock on Sunday evening, the 19th of May—I was never at the Victoria theatre with the prisoners—I was never there in my life—I have lived in London a year and seven months—I work for Mr. Halifax, in Monkwell-street, and live at his house—he has no other man—he is a linen-glazer—I have no particular time to be home—I come in when I like—he is my uncle—only him and his wife live there.

Q. Did not you, when walking with the woman in Aldersgate-street, stop the male prisoner and ask him how he was? A. No, nor ask him to drink—I did not take the prisoners into a house at the corner of Barbican—I never saw them till they came into the house—we had a glass of rum and water and half-a-pint of gin between us—we had two glasses of rum and water at the the other house by the Post-office, and left there, I think, between twelve and one o'clock—the male prisoner asked me to go home, not to have supper—he asked me to go several times—I refused a great many times—they all three over persuaded me to go—I was not going any where with the young woman—I did not say, after supper, that I was going home with the young woman—I did not tell him I had 7s. 6d. when I came from home, and had only 1s. 6d. left—I did not ask him to take care of my watch till the morning, as I did not like to go home with the young woman with my watch, nor talk with him about my brother being a clever fighting man, nor begin larking with him

and try to throw him, nor did I fall in a struggle, and then get up and strike him and make his nose bleed—the female prisoner assisted him—she did not come to part us—I did not ask him to go out and have something to drink, nor did he refuse to go because his trowsers had got blood on them; nor did I ask him to get another pair to put on over them, to hide the blood—we did not all go back to the court together, nor did I quarrel with him in the street, and fight with him.

Q. Where did you go before you saw the policeman? A. I do not know; I am a stranger in the neighbourhood—I might be in Arthur-street; I do not know, for I ran—I did not go out of the court into Aldersgate-street, as it is a thoroughfare—I do not know where it leads to—it is between Aldersgate-street and Goswell-street, beyond Barbican, on the right side going from here—it is near Fann-street—when I saw the prisoners again they were not walking slowly, but going as fast as they could walk—I followed them—I charged them before the policeman with stealing my watch—the male prisoner did not say in my hearing, "George, how can you say I stole your watch, when you gave it to me in the morning?"—I was not locked up for being drunk, but for safety, to appear against them in the morning—I told the policeman where I lived—they asked me if I would send home—I said I had no occasion, I had as soon stop there as go home—I never saw the male prisoner before that.





WALTER HENRY BROWN
 (police-constable G 62.) On Monday morning, the 20th of May, I saw the prosecutor, about half-past three o'clock, in Ball-yard, leading out of Arthur-street—his face was covered with blood, his hat off, and the skirts of his coat torn out behind—he was standing, talking to another policeman—I went up to him—he made a complaint to my brother constable, who asked if I had had any rows on my beat—I said, "No"—while we were talking, the two prisoners passed the bottom of Ball-yard, down Golden-lane—the prosecutor said, "There goes two of them"—I immediately went after them—as soon as the female saw me coming, she said, "Run, Tom, run"—I followed, and took the man in Playhouse-yard—I laid hold of his cuff—he said, "Let me go"—I said, "No, I shall hold you fast"—he was shuffling at his right hand pocket, and at last pulled out this watch, and endeavoured to drop it on the area grating—I took it up, and took him to the station; and on searching him there, he said, "The prosecutor gave me the watch to take care of"—I found a portion of the chain in one of his pockets—I found he had a pair of white trowsers on under his fustian ones—I said, "What have you here?"—he said, "A pair of trowsers'—I said, "Take them off"—he would not, till I made him at last—there were two large spots of blood on them, and on his waistcoat two large spots of blood—he said, "This comes from my nose," meaning the blood on the waistcoat—I went, and found a purse, with three sixpences in it, opposite the house where it happened.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go with the prosecutor to point out any house? A. No—I was the first person that laid hold of the male prisoner—I believe I said he was accused of taking a watch—he did not say, "George, how can you say I stole your watch? you gave it me to mind;" nor anything of the kind, I will swear—the station-house is 500 or 600 yards from where I took him—he said at the station that it had been given him to mind—I will swear he did not say it before—I had never seen the prisoners before, to my knowledge.





JOHN SMITH
 (police-constable G 171.) On Monday morning, the 20th of May, I saw the prosecutor smothered in blood—he complained of being robbed of all he had got—he pointed out the prisoners in Golden-lane—he said, "There goes two of them"—I and another constable pursued after him—we were up Arthur-street fifteen or twenty yards—when we got in sight of them in Golden-lane, the female prisoner said, "Run, Tom, run"—Brown

who was in front of me, apprehended the male prisoner, and I the female—I found in the morning a Portion of a watch-chain in an area in Playhouse-yard, the same area in which I had seen the watch laying on that night—I produce a pair of gloves given me by the witness who is coming, and the skirt of the prosecutor's coat, and a ciger-case; and here is the remainder of the coat which the prosecutor had on—there is blood on the back of it.





GEORGE ALLEN

re-examined. This is the remains of my coat.





MARGARET MILLS
. I live at No. 1, Black Swan-court, Golden-lane, and am married. On the morning of the 20th of May, as I was coming up stairs, I observed the skirts of somebody's coat—I took it up stairs into my room—I found a ciger-case, a pair of gloves, and a key—I gave them to the policeman—the prisoners did not lodge in my house.





HENRY TURPIN
 (policeman.) I never saw the prisoners till they were apprehended—on the 21st of May I examined his house, and found a watchcase—I was present with the female prisoner's brother and mother-in-law—there were marks of blood on the floor.





GEORGE ALLEN

re-examined. This is my watch-case, watch, and chain—this purse is mine—this knife is not mine.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you live in the same court with the prisoners? A. I do—I am not the landlord of the houses, but have the letting of them—I do not know the prisoners personally—I know the name—I did not let the place to them—I live at No.1—they live at No. 14—I never saw them there—the house is let to the mother-in-law—the prisoners never paid me the rent, I did not agree to mend a fender for him—I did not know him—I only knew that persons of that name lived there—I do not know Black Swan-court.





JOHN PATTERSON. I
 am the prisoner's brother, and live in Featherstone-street, St. Luke's. He has always borne a good character—he worked upwards of seven years with Mr. Norton, a cowkeeper, in Hampshire Hog-yard—I believe the female prisoner is his wife—I have seen the certificate of their marriage—I believe this is it—(looking at one)—I have not compared it with the original in the church book—they have lived together about twelve months, and were always considered as man and wife, and were received into the family as such—she has called once at my place—I have called occasionally at his place to take work, and she has called with work at mine—he has been with me for the last ten months, learning the brass finishing—sometimes he worked at his place, and sometimes at mine.
(James Rudd, currier, No.10 Rose-street, Litchfield-street, Newportmarket; and James Harper, watch and water-gilder, No. 43, Northampton-street, Clerkenwell, gave Thomas Patterson a good character.)

THOMAS PATTERSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


ELIZABETH PATTERSON—


NOT GUILTY
.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

