



1945. 




MICHAEL
alias


JAMES GIBBONS
 was again indicted for

 stealing 1 purse, value 6d., and 31 sovereigns, the property of 




Florence Driscoll, in his dwelling-house.






MARY DRISCOLL
. I am the wife of Florence Driscoll, who keeps a lodging-house in the parish of Poplar—it is his dwelling-house—he lets it out in lodgings and lives in it himself. On the 1st of Feb. we had three lodgers, the prisoner and two other young men—the prisoner had been with us two or three months—about six o'clock in the afternoon I went into the kitchen—my bed was there—I heard a noise, went in, and saw the prisoner at my chest, with a purse in his hand—the chest had been locked, and the

key was in my pocket—there was a staple to the lock—the top of the box where the staple had been was cut—a person could open it by that means—the cover was up when I went in—the purse had been in the box before—I collared him—he immediately knocked me down and ran away—I went to the box and missed thirty—one sovereigns—I went to his master's, and found he had run away—he had left some money there—I have not got any of my money again.





GEORGE WILD
 (policeman.) On the 25th of Aug. I took the prisoner on the other charge—we referred to our books, and found this charge of robbery.

Prisoner's Defence. I have two witnesses to prove that Mrs. Driacoll was out to tea at the time.





CATHERINE BROWN
. My husband is a whitesmith. We live at No 3, Brent's-court, Borough—the day after this robbery was committed, the prosecutrix came and searched my house—she said her and her husband were out at tea, and on her return he told her to put his coat on the chest—that she did not do it at the time, or else she should have found out the robbery then—she had left him and a little boy to mind the house, and the prisoner went out at the door as she came home—a policeman was present when she spoke to me—I do not know his number—his mother had lived
four years at my house, and he had not been inside my door twice to my knowledge—I heard the prosecutrix make a very different statement at Union Hall—that is the reason I have contradicted her.





TIMOTHY CONNELL
. On the Tuesday following the robbery I met two persons—in consequence of what they said I said I would make it my business to call and know the particulars—I called at the prosecutrix's house and saw her—she burst out crying, saying the prisoner had robbed her of thirty-one sovereigns—I said it was a bad job, I did not think he would do such a thing—she brought a small box and showed me where the money had been—the staple was left in the lock—she said her and her husband and a young woman had been out to tea together, and left the prisoner and another young man in charge of the house, and when she went home the prisoner jumped up, as if he had done something—that her husband had to go on duty at six o'clock, he changed his clothes, and told her to put them in the box—she did not put them in then, but in half an hour she went to put them in and found the staple on the top of the box—two young women were present when she told me this.





MARY DBISCOLL

re-examined. I cannot say whether I went to Mrs. Brown's house or not, for I went to so many places, I do not know where—I was nearly out of my mind with the loss—I had not been out to tea when the robbery happened—when he left on the first of Feb. I saw no more of him till he was apprehended for stealing the tea.





FLORENCE DRISCOLL
. I am the husband of the prosecutrix, and was in the house at the time of the robbery—we had not been out to tea—I was going on duty, which is night watching—there were thirty sovereigns in the purse—I took a sovereign out of my pocket and put it in—that made thirtyone—I put the purse into the box, locked it, and gave the key to my wife—a few minutes after six o'clock she came and called "Murder!" to me in the—I Was out of my mind two days and two nights.




GUILTY
. **—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The prisoner has been several times in custody.)

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

