



938. 




MARY DALEY
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 coat, value 15s.; and 1 pair of gloves, 1s.; the goods of 



James Guttering; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES GUTTERIDGE.
 I live in Alpha-place, Regent's-park. On Saturday, the 13th of March, a little girl came up stairs to me—I went down and saw the prisoner—she had sent word up stairs that she was a pew-opener—I asked

her what she wanted—she said she came from the Foundling-hospital—I saw a portion of a coat hanging under her shawl—I took hold of it, and found it was my own coat—I said I should give her in charge of a policeman—she said, "You can't do that, you did not see me take it"—I looked out and saw a policeman—I beckoned to him, but he did not see me—I went back and got my hat—the prisoner went out, and was going away, but I got a policeman, and he took her—I had thrown the coat down in the hall.

Prisoner. Q. You took coat of me, and said if I did not get out of your house you would kick me? A. No.





JOHN WESLEY GADSDEN.
 I saw the prisoner take the coat off the nail in the hall—I took hold of the sleeve, and I asked her what she was going to do with it—she turned up against the wall, so that I could not see the coat—Mr. Gutteridge came down directly.

Prisoner's Defence. I had not been very well; I went to that house to get a letter for the hospital; I rang the bell; a little girl opened the door; I went into the hall; this coat was hanging in the hall; it caught my shawl, and I took it to put it on the nail; when the gentleman came down and took it, he said if I did not leave the place he would kick me; I ran across the road; I looked behind me and saw the prosecutor and the policeman, who said, "You must come with me to this gentleman's house;" I went, and he brought out this coat and gave it to the policeman; he may as well bring everything out of his place, and give it to the policeman, and say I took it, as this coat.





CHARLES HAWKER
 (police-sergeant D 9.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this court—(read—Convicted 2nd of Feb., 1846, having been before convicted of felony, and confined one year)—the prisoner is the person—there were several other charges against her then.




GUILTY. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

