



1720. 



WILLIAM P1LLOTT
was indicted

 for forging and uttering a warrant for delivery of goods, with intent to defraud 



Jean Baptiste Le Blanc.






JEAN BAPTISTE LE BLANC.
I am a wine-merchant, and live in Lower Thames-street. I did not know the prisoner till the 16th of May—on that day he met me at the London-docks—he said he came from Mr. Blundell (who I knew very well—he is an egg-merchant)—I let him have 7l. on a bill of lading, which I thought was genuine—he told me it was good, and asked me to let him have 7l. on it—this is it—(producing a bill)—I found the same night that it was not a genuine bill—I saw the prisoner indorse this bill.





SAMUEL PERKINS.
I live in Cannon-street-road, and am Captain of the Matilda, in the London Docks. This order refers to the ship, called the Two Brothers—I do not know such a vessel—I was at Bourdeaux on the 15th of April—I did not know any such vessel as the Two Brothersthere—there was no such vessel lading for London, or any port of England—I do not know that there was such a vessel there.

Prisoner. Q. When you were at Bourdeaux, you do not know whether there was a French ship coming to London? A. When a ship is lading, it is always known to the brokers, and I should have known it.






THOMAS SEDGWICK
(City police-constable, No.549.) I produce the bill of lading, and the warrant—it is for the delivery of goods, and was passed over to Mr. Le Blanc for his advancing 7l.—the bill of lading is for wine, brandy, and spirits, on board the Two Brothers, from Bourdeaux, bound to London—it is indorsed by the prisoner—I have made inquiry at Lloyd's, and at the Custom-house, and no such ship has been known there for two years—there is no wine-merchant of the name of Lambert at Bourdeaux—I found on the prisoner one bill of lading for Liverpool, and two blank bills, not filled up—he was going to Liverpool, and that was why he borrowed the 7l. from the prosecutor—I found on him a number of letters, which I produce.





JEAN BAPTISTE LE BLANC

re-examined. I never got my wine for this bill of lading.

Prisoner's Defence. I have received from Bourdeaux one letter from Mr. Lambert, when he sent me what you see—here is the letter—when I received this letter on the 19th of April, I showed it to two friends—I said I would go and receive money on this; I went fifteen or twenty days, and waited for the ship; it did not come; I then went, and asked Mr. Blundell to lend me 6l., and I would send it him back when I came back from Liverpool; I then went to Mr. Le Blanc; he gave me 7l., and I left him the bill; I thought it was very good; when I came last time, I brought forty cases of Bourdeaux, and other things; this is the letter from Mr. Lambert, and I have received the bills with the greatest confidence.




GUILTY.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.




Transported for Seven Years

