




2279. 




GEORGE KING
alias


PIGG

 was indicted for

 stealing 1 mare value 20l.; the property of 



Thomas Gunton.






EDWARD WALSGROVE
 (City policeman, 15.) On the 1st of Oct., about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was at the toll-gate at Smithfield-market—it was horse-market day—they pay 2d. there for each horse—I saw the prisoner pay toll for a bay mare pony about 14-hands high—I saw it run up and down by a of boy about sixteen—the prisoner stood at a little distance—I asked if it was his mare, he said it was—I asked how much he wanted for it, he said 15l.—he said he had had it eight months, and that he brought it from Stanstead—I afterwards heard him say to the man who was running it, "Take 10l. for it, swap it or sell it for 10l."—I was watching half an hour to hear something about it—it seemed very much distressed—the prisoner had a smock-frock tied up wet in a handkerchief, as if he had been riding on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Did you ask him whether it was a good horse for the saddle? A. No—there were a great many horses there—horses-dealers generally tell lies about horses, whether they have stolen them or not.





GEORGE TREW
 (City policeman, 26.) On the 1st Oct. I was Smithfield—I asked the prisoner if it was his mare, he said, "Yes"—I asked how long he had had it, he said, "Eight months"—I asked what he had been working it at—he said he run it in a fish-cart to and from London—I asked where he lived, he said at Stanstead in Essex, near the Chequers public-house, that his name was George King, and he had a stable and cart there—I asked who he bought the mare of, he said, "Of a strange man in Smithfield-market"—we took him to the station—the same evening I went to Stanstead, and found be was not known there nor the horse—next morning, on the way to Guildhall, he said his name was not King but Pigg, and he lived at Stock-in-Pelham, Hertfordshire; that is about six miles from Stanstead—I did not go, but I ascertained that he did live there—he then changed his story, and said he bought the mare at Royston-market, last Wednesday, of a strange man, and gave 8l. for it—I asked if anybody was present, he said, "No."

Cross-examined. Q. Royston is in Cambridgeshire? A. On the borders of both Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire—there is a market there on Wednesday.





THOMAS GUNTON.
 I live at Maple, in the Isle of Ely—on the 12th of Oct. a mare was delivered to me at the Ram Inn, Smithfield—it was my property—it was a bay pony with a long black tail and mane—the near foot was market at the fetlock, and a little white mark near he hoof—I had had it four years—I had put it into my ground on the 27th of Sept., went to fetch it on the 1st of Oct., and it was gone—it was worth 20l.—I know nothing of the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Do not you know that it was safe on the 30th of Sept.? A. Yes, by hearsay—Ely is seventy-two miles from London—there might have been more then twelve hours to ride it up to London, and there is a railroad.





WILLIAM ISGRAM.
 I know Mr. Gunton's mare—I went with him and a neighbour, and saw it at the Ram, Smithfield—I was employed to look after it at Maple—I last saw it on the 30th Sept., about half-past eight in the morning—I afterwards missed it, and found the staple of the gate had been drawn—I saw the mare at Guildhall—it was the same.





WILLIAM GIMBERT.
 I come from Sutton-fen, in the Isle of Ely—I have a piece of land there adjoining Mr. Gunton's—I saw the mare there on Tuesday,

Wednesday, and on Thursday, the 30th of Sept., about six o'clock in the evening—I saw the same mare at Guildhall.




GUILTY. &dagger Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

