



1407. 




THOMAS CONNOR
 was indicted

 for bigamy.


MR. W. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL MAJOR HICKS
. I am parish clerk of St. Andrew's, Holborn. I produce the registry of marriages from that church—here is an entry, in 1839, of the marriage, on the 10th of April, of Thomas Connor to Maria Twycross, in my handwriting—I was present at the marriage—I do not recollect the prisoner—I cannot say he is the man—it is signed by the parties who were married, and three witnesses.





LAURA MIDDLECOAT
. I am single, and live at Kirby Steven, Westmoreland. I was present at the marriage, and have seen the registry—the prisoner is the person who was married to Miss Twycross—she is alive now—I have seen her to-day.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you know her previous to marriage? A. I did—she has no other name—I went to the marriage as her friend.





WILLIAM TOOKEY
. I am deputy parish clerk at Marylebone. I produce the registry of marriages for 1843—on the 27th of June, Thomas Connor and Mary Carr Burt were married—the man is described as a bachelor—these are the signatures of the parties who were married.





MISS MARY CARR BURT
. I am the daughter of Mr. William Carr Burt. On the 27th of June, 1843, I was married to the prisoner at Marylebone church—I lived with him some time after marriage—we lived at Notting-hill—the prisoner had 2,600l. in money, and 400l. worth of plate and furniture, which was left me by Mr. Lee—he had the whole of it.

Cross-examined. Q. The money was handed over to him? A. It was—we lived three years together—we did not live very stylishly—he had a shop in London, and lived in the country—we had two servants.

Q. He shared the money with you? A. I do not know that; I think be shared the better half—he did not desert me—I met his wife in Holborn at the time he was living with me—my sister had heard that he married before, and that his wife was still alive, but he denied it—he never told me anything relating to her death—he took my sister to the female who was pointed out as his wife, and denied being her husband, and she gave me away—I lived with the prisoner previous to marriage, until I was twenty-one—then he married me, that was in accordance with the original understanding, by his request.

MR. COOPER. Q. At twenty-one you came into possession of the property? A. Yes—the woman who was pointed out as his wife gave me away.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.

