




2707. 




ELIZABETH WRIGGLESWORTH
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of Sept., 7 shirts, value 35s.; 1 pair of socks, 2s.; 2 scarfs, 5s.; 1 comb, 2s. 6d.; 1 brush, 2s.; 1 breast-pin, 2s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 20s.; and 1 waistcoat, 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



William Davey
:—also, 

1 shirt value 28s.; 5 stockings, 5s.; 1 pair of socks, 3s.; and 1 pair of gaites 3s.; the goods of 




William John Cavendish, Marquis of Titchfield.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.
GEORGE HARTLEY. I am groom to Lord George Bentinck, of Harconrt-house, Cavendish-square—there is an inner court to the house, and the stables go back to Wimpole-street—persons can enter that way into the house in the day time, and can get into the room in which these things were—I have known the prisoner some time—she is a native of Worksop, and might be acquainted with some of the servants probably—she came to me and asked for Thomas Hartley, who used to live there twelve or fourteen yean ago—I said he was gone, and gave her the direction to go to him—I believe she went into the house to ask for the housekeeper, but I did not see her—I do not recollect what day this was.





WILLIAM DAVEY
. I am valet to William John Cavendish Bentinck, marquis of Titchfield—I saw the prisoner in Harcourt-house about three weeks before the robbery—she inquired about the same servant that she inquired of George Hartley about—my room is up the back stair-case—on the night of the 4th of Sept., I missed a comb and a brush, and on the following morning, seven shirts, two scarfs, a pair of silk stockings, and these other things—they had all been in my room—I also missed three pairs of silk stockings and a pair of gaiters, the property of the Marquis—these shirts are mine; and this other shirt, these stockings and gaiters are the Marquis's.





THOMAS JOSEPH BARRETT
. I am assistant to Mr. Crouch, a pawnbroker, in Grafton-street. On the 7th of Sept., I took in these trowsers, and three waistcoats, from Elizabeth Wren.





ELIZABETH WREN
. I am the wife of Stephen Wren. I have seen the prisoner several times—I pawned these trowsers and waistcoats for 15s., for the prisoner at Mr. Barrett's—I considered she was Mrs. Trevett.





JAMES PALMER
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker. On the 5th of Sept., the prisoner pawned two pins which I have here—I knew her before, and have no doubt of her.





WILLIAM DAVEY

re-examined. These pins are mine—they werein the room, and were missed on the Tuesday.




GUILTY
.* Aged 37.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
