



450. 




JAMES TURNER
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of September, 6 printed books, value 14s.; I memorandum-book, value 3d.; 1 shirt collar, value 3d.; 1 egg-boiler, value 1s.; 3 studs, value 3d.; 50 beads, value 6d.; 3 buckles, value 3d.; 1 reticule, value 3d.; 30 prints, value 2s.; 1 ink-bottle, value 1d.; 1 scent-bottle, value 1d.; 2 snuffboxes, value 2s.; 1 pair of braces, value 1d.; 3 pairs of gloves, value 1s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; and 1 two-penny piece; the property of 



Matthew Bowes Iley.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.





MATTHEW BOWES ILEY.
I live in Somerset-street, Portman-square. A distraint was put into my house for rent, in September last, by Mr. Gingell—the prisoner was the man in possession—after the first day or two I found him at my drawers, rifling them—I thought it was an act he had not any business to do, and I remonstrated with him—I did not miss any thing at that time—I afterwards paid the rent, and after I paid it, I missed a variety of books, two gold rings, a silk pocket-handkerchief, and other things—I applied for a warrant, and went to search the prisoner's lodging, and found some books and other things at Mr. Gingell's house in Barrett's-court—the prisoner resided with him, but had absconded—I went a second time—he was not there—I found a variety of articles, which are here—Roche and Pitt went with me.

cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS.
Q. These are all your property? A. Yes—I had not known the prisoner before.





HENRY JAMES PITT
(police-constable D8.) On the 24th of September I accompanied the prosecutor to the prisoner's lodgings, at Gingell's house, in Barrett's-court—I knew they were his lodgings, from his having been a policeman—there was some property found at Gingell's house by Roche,

which the prosecutor identified—I did not see the prisoner till he was taken by Roche.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you give no other reason for knowing they were his lodgings but that he was in the police? A. I have seen him go in there—Mr. Gingell told me that he lodged there about ten months ago; when there was a search-warrant from Marlborough-street.

COURT.
Q. Have you seen him since then going in and out? A. Yes, up to about August.





JOHN ROCHE
(police-constable D116.) I went to the prisoner's apartments, accompanied by the prosecutor, on the night of the 24th of September—I found the prisoner's wife (I knew her to be his wife) in the apartment—I found these six books and other things in a drawer—I went there the next day again, and saw the wife again, and found these prints and other things—I had never seen the prisoner go in and out of the apartment—I went into the country after him—I took him in Baldwin'sgardens, Gray's Inn-lane, on the night of the 17th of December—I laid, "I want you, for felony"—he said, "You won't have me"—I said, "I shall have you"—he upwith his left hand, and struck me in the face—I laid hold of his two arms, and said, "You are my prisoner, you won't go"—he bent down his head, and bit my right hand—I said, "I won't let you go"—he said, "You must"—there was a crowd round it—he tripped me up to throw me down—I called for assistance—I said, "I want him, for robbery"—a gentleman in a cloak said, "He is a policeman, we must assist him"—while struggling, the prisoner got his hand to his right-hand pocket, but I seized it—I was determined to bind his arms—I handcuffed him, by assistance, and put my hand to his right-hand coat pocket, and found this dagger in it—I found 8s. on him, and a bunch of keys—they are not used for picking locks of drawers, that I am aware of—I succeeded in securing the prisoner—when I took this out of his pocket I said, "This is what you meant for me, is it not? "—he said, "You know more of it than I do"—in the way up Holborn he said, "What is against me? "—I said, "A case of felony; I do not want you to put any question to me, if you have any thing to say say it to the Magistrate."

Cross-examined. Q. Were you the policeman who interfered to prevent the prosecutor from recommending the prisoner to mercy? A. Yes, I am.




GUILTY.Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
