




993. 




MARY KINSDALE
 and 




ALBERT PRIOR



, stealing 1 watch and 2 seals, value 61. 10.?.; the goods of 



Robert Harvey, from his person.






ROBERT HARVEY
 (policeman D 48). On 29th March, at night, I was in Birdcage-walk, in plain clothes, going home, and saw and passed Prior and another man—I went on a short distance, and met Hicks, the policeman, on the beat—I spoke to him and looked at my watch; it was seven minutes past eleven o'clock—I put it in my waistcoat-pocket—my coat was buttoned one button at the top, it was single-breasted—the watch was attached to a silk guard round my neck—I then passed Kinsdale—she was about twenty yards from Prior—I walked past her about twelve yards—Hicks said something and I went back and looked at her—she said something I did not understand,

threw one arm round me and said, "Come along with me, my dear"—the kept running against me till I went against the iron railings, and then heard the click of scissors—I collared her, and said, "You have got my watch"—she coughed—Prior and another man came up and said, "Do not hurt the poor woman"—she had the watch in her hand, and offered it to Prior, who put out his hand to take it—I struck her on the face and knocked her down, as she fell she threw the watch out of her hand—I sprang at Prior and said, "I will have you too," but he pulled himself away and ran—I picked the watch up three or four yards off—a gentleman came up, picked up the seals, and gave them to me—these are them; they are mine, and the watch—I found part of the guard round my neck and the other part on the watch—Prior and his companion joined two females, and went on as if nothing had happened—I pointed him out to Hicks—Prior said I was mistaken, he was a gentleman, and if he was locked up it should cost me some money.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did you turn round and look at Kinsdale? A. After I had passed her twelve yards—there was no conversation between us—Hicks did not go back with me; he went slowly on—I went back in consequence of what he told me, to see if I knew Kinsdale—I did know her—she gave me no trouble to take her—she called "Police!" and "Murder!" as she fell—Prior had come up before that; he was there when I knocked her down—I should not have done so if she had been by herself—I did not stand over her—I will not swear I saw the watch in her hand, but I saw something shining—I told the Magistrate so.





THOMAS HICKS
 (policeman, A 57). On the evening of 29th March I was in Birdcage-walk, and saw Kinsdale and a young man who told me something, and I watched her—Prior and another man walked on behind, twenty yards off, or little more—Harvey overtook me, and we walked together past Kinsdale—when about eight or ten yards from her, Harvey turned back, and I looked round—I was then about twenty yards from them, and saw Kinsdale catch hold of Harvey round the middle—in about two minutes she screamed "Police! Murder!"—I ran up and said, "What is the matter?" he said, "I have been robbed; go and take that man," pointing to one—I went after him; another man who was with him ran away—I caught Prior—he did not run—he said, "What is the matter?"—I took him back and took Kinsdale.

Cross-examined. Q. Why did you turn round? A. Because I did not like the looks of the woman—three or four persons ran at the cry of "Police," Kinsdale was then on the ground, and Prior was walking across the road, about thirty yards off.





JAMBS MARTIN
 (policeman, A 124). I was on duty at the station when the prisoners were brought—they were placed in cells next to each other—in consequence of directions I placed myself in an adjoining cell and heard their conversation—I made this memorandum afterwards, as they were all crack words, but I recollect it without that—Prior said, "I ought not to have said I came from the other side of the lombard"—Kinsdale said, "You have done it, and there is ten stretch hanging to your house" (meaning ten years)—Kinsdale said something I could not hear, the last words were,"don't you tumble"—he said "earwig, earwig," (meaning somebody listening)—they were then silent—she then said, "We can make up our minds for ten stretch each;" he said, ""No"—she said, "It is all your fault;" he said,"You ought to have walked"—she said, "How could I? when I was knocked down; I ought to have cracked the head, ought not I?" he said, "Never mind, it is no consequence now."

Cross-examined. Q. Who told you to watch? A. I was placed there by

Inspector Land, to see that there was no strangulation; he told me to place, myself so that I could hear and see what passed—I had never done so before—I was there about an hour—I wrote it down afterwards in the station—the serjeant and a constable were there—I did not tell them what I was writing; I told them afterwards.





WILLIAM MUNN
. I was in Birdcage-walk about ten minutes past eleven o'clock, taking two females home, and saw Harvey with Kinsdale in his arms—Prior and another man were there, and said, "Don't hurt the woman,"—Harvey knocked her down—Prior said, "The d----d fool is mad; the man is mad"—they then went, at a gentle pace, along the road—I kept my eye on them—Hicks came up and ran after them—he dodged the other man round the path, and fell on the pavement—I kept my eye on Prior and gave him in charge.

Cross-examined. Q. How far did Hicks run after the other man? A. Twenty yards; we were about sixty yards from where Kinsdale lay.





HENRY HUNT
 (policeman, M 82). I produce a certificate—(read—Albert Grainger, convicted Dec. 1845, of stealing a watch from the person, cmfined six months)—I was present—Prior is the man.

KINSDALE—


GUILTY
.—
Aged 28—



Confined Twelve Months.


PRIOR—


GUILTY
.* Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

