



2105. 




RICKMAN MOORE
 was indicted

 for a like offence.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS PHILLIPS
. In 1846 Frederick Augustine Moore made a chages

against me, and threatened to expose the circumstance if I did not give him money—he went on with this till July in this year—in the course of that time I have lost 70l. by it. On the 6th July, when I came home, about three o'clock, I saw Frederick Augustine Moore waiting about the street (he bad before pledged himself not to torment me any more)—I told him that 1 had received a note from Rickman—after I got home I went out again and met Rickman and Frederick together on the north side of Bethnal-green—Frederick observed, in the presence of Rickman, that he would have 10l., for he was going to Australia, and his brother Rickman would witness any paper that I chose to draw up—I said I would not give 10l., I would give 5l., and they appointed to meet me at the Greyhound at six the same evening—in the interval I drew up this paper (looking at it)—at six I went to the Grey-hound—I found Rickman Moore there, and in a minute or two his brother Frederick came—I offered Rickman 5l.—he said he would not sign any paper without he had 10l.—I gave Rickman the paper to read, before I offered him the 5l., and then he said he would have nothing to do with it, and would not sign it unless he had 10l.—I at last consented to give them 10l.—I gave the money to Rickman—before I gave the money, both Rickman and Frederick had signed the paper—after I had given them the money, Rickman wrote something on the back of the paper in my presence, and said I must sign it—I read it and signed it, and they also signed it—when Rickman had got the money, Frederick seized the paper and left the house—I was alarmed, but Rickman said he would be back shortly—he did come back, and then I signed the paper (read as in page 629).

Prisoner. Q. Did you not see me in March 1847? A. I did—you called at my house, and said you understood your brother had had some money, and asked if it were true—I said it was—you said it was a very great pity, and you would stop it—next day you overtook me, and went to a public-house—you showed the paper where John stated that what he had said was false—this is the paper—I did not acknowledge my guilt to you—I went to Goswell-street on 6th July and saw Mrs. Moore—I said I had received a letter from you—I said it would be advisable to draw up this paper to stop it—I received this letter from you (looking at it)—it is my writing, I wrote it in consequence of a letter you sent me to meet me after the receipt of the 10l.—it was the week following.

Prisoner's Defence. I had nothing of the money; I stopped it in March, 1847; I found how my brother was going on, and I said to John Moore, "Do you know where Frederick gets his money?" he told me he got it from Mr. Phillips; I went to Mr. Phillips, and he said he had had money to the amount of 70l.; I said what a pity it was; he said he did not know how to stop it; I said I would; I sent to both my brothers; I then made John Moore give me that paper, and I took it to Mr. Phillips; I never saw any more of Mr. Phillips till the 6th of July; he came to Goswell-street to my wife, and stated that he particularly wished to see me; I went to his house; he was out; I told the servant I would call again; I saw my brother Frederick standing about; Mr. Phillips came, and appointed to meet us at six o'clock; he brought a 5l. note and five sovereigns; my brother snatched the paper up and said to him, "There is the money;" but my brother came back, and then it was given him; I saw no more of my brother till the Monday. when he abused me.




GUILTY
of robbery.
 Aged 37.—


Transported fur Fifteen Years.

