



788. 




THOMPSON PAGE



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 50l., with intent to defraud 



Isaac George Currie and others.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE GOODMAN.
 I am clerk to Isaac George Currie and others, bankers, of Cornhill. On Thursday morning, 24th Feb., this check, signed "John Ingle," was brought to me for payment by the witness Nicholson—he was detained—Mr. John Ingle has an account at our bank.





JAMES NICHOLSON.
 I am a seaman, and live at Church-lane, Whitechapel.

I know the prisoner—I first saw him last Thursday, at a public-house in Bishopsgate-street—I might have seen him before about the Minories, but never had any conversation with him till Thursday—I went into have a glass of ale—I began to talk about losing a pipe, which was stolen from my pocket—the prisoner said, "Well, I came up to London a few days ago, and was looking round, and some one robbed me of a pocket-book, a 5l. note, and all my characters"—he said he had been discharged from his master in Plymouth, and he had some up to join another gentleman, who was going to Paris, but he had disappointed him on account of his having an accident, and could not go; but he said, "Never mind, I have got a check in my pocket that I received from my master that I have lately left, for an amount of wages that was due to me" and he was going to take it to the bank that morning—a few minutes after that, he asked me if I would please to take it for him—he produced the check—this is it—I looked at it, and asked where he had it from—he said he got it from his master in a letter—I took the check to Currie's, presented it, and was detained—Haydon, an officer, was sent for—I gave him an account of what I knew about it, took him back to the public-house, and pointed out the prisoner to him, and he and I were taken into custody—I was in custody from Thursday till Monday, middle day.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not see me on Wednesday, and treat me to the play? A. No—I did not say that another man wrote the check for me, and that I could manage it.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Where were you the night before? A. In the Minories till about ten o'clock, then I went to a public-house in Whitechapel, and got tipsy—I know I was not in the prisoner's company—I was at a shipping-office in the Minories, applying for a ship—it is twenty-five days since I was at sea—I have been trying nine days to get a ship—I have not my register here—it is at the station-house.





MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City policeman, 21.) On Thursday, 24th Feb., I went to Messrs. Currie's, and there saw Nicholson—I accompanied him to the Black Lion, in Bishopsgate-street, and there saw the prisoner—Nicholson pointed him out, and said, "That is the man who gave me the check"—I said to the prisoner, "Did you give this man this check?" showing it him—he said, "Yes"—I asked him from whom he received it—he said, "From John Ingle, of Plymouth"—I asked him when—he said, "On Monday or Tuesday last"—it was sent to him by Mr. Ingle, in a letter—I asked if he had the letter with him—he said, "No," it was at home; but he could not tell me where he lived—I told him I must detain him—on the way to the station I took him to Messrs. Currie's; and to one of the firm he made the same statement he had made to me at the public-house—I then took him to the station-house, and found on him a key that opened a box which was pointed out to me by Mr. Shelton, at his coffee-house, in Sparrow-corner, Minories—I went there in consequence of inquiries, not from any information I received from the prisoner—I found these papers in the box (produced)—I found a register-ticket on Nicholson.

Prisoner. The box was not locked. Witness. It was, and I opened it by this key—I also locked the box with it; but when it was locked a portion of the iron-work was loose, and it is quite possible it could be opened without a key.





THOMAS SHELTON.
 I keep a coffee-house, at Sparrow-corner, Minories. The prisoner lodged there, and had a box—I pointed it out to Haydon, saw him unlock it, and take out some papers—it was the prisoner's box.


Prisoner. Q. Did he unlock the box? A. He moved the bold of the lock with the key—he did not try to see whether it was open first—it might have been opened without the key—the key fitted so as lock or unlock it—I do not know Nicholson—I never saw him at the prisoner's lodging.





JOHN INGLE.
 I reside at Stonehouse, near Plymouth, and keep an account at Messrs. Currie's, Cornhill, and have done so thirty years. The prisoner was in my employment till the end of Aug., 1846, as footman, for about nine months—he always passed by the name of Powell—I discharged him—some little time previous to that I was at Cheltenham, and there missed some checks from my check-book—I charged the prisoner with having signed a check of mine, and discharged him after arriving at Stonehouse—I wrote to my bankers, and told them that I had missed checks from my book, and in consequence of this I changed the colour of my check-book—(looking at one of the papers found in the prisoner's box) this is part of a check upon Messrs. Harris and Co., the Nevy Bank, at Plymouth, where I also have an account—the part that has my signature has been tore off—this is a cancelled check—I signed my checks on that bank in the same way as my checks on Currie's—this is not my writing looking at the forged check)—it was not written by my authority or knowledge—the signature is something like mine, but the beginning is not—I never saw the prisoner write—I am not a ship-owner at present—I know nothing of Nicholson—(The check being read was dated Feb. 18th, 1848, for 50l., signed John Ingle. The part of the check was for 268l. A paper also found in the prisoner's box was read, on which the name of John Ingle was written several times, also the date, Feb. 18th, 1848, and the words "five pounds, pay to Mr. Thompson.")

Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Ingle did not discharge me, I left through illness; and since that he has given me a character to get another place; I am very sorry for this case; I did not do it myself; I picked up this piece of paper two years ago; I did not know what it meant.

MR. INGLE
re-examined. I gave him warning to quit directly I came home—since he left me he has been driving a cub—I have not given him a character—last May the captain of the hospital at Plymouth applied to my wife to know what sort of a man he was, and she, by my direction, said he was not a man to be trusted in the house; but he would do very well for stables.




GUILTY

on 2nd Count. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

