



579. 




JOHN SEABOURNE, alias
 Seymour,

 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of January, I clock, value 5l., the goods of 



William Ryland; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM RYLAND
. I am a corn-factor, living in Jewry-ftreet, Aldgate. On the 19th of January I missed ray clock, a few minutes after twelve o'clock—I had seen it safe at half-past eleven in the morning—the middle door is usually shut—the outer one was open—I know nothing of the prisoner—I found my clock at the station.





CHARLES CHAMBERS
 (City police-constable, No. 533.) I was going up the Minories a few-minutes after twelve o'clock, on the 19th of January with my sergeant, and met the prisoner and another young man, about three

hundred yards from the prosecutor's—they crossed from the pavement to a cab, and put something into it—I told my sergeant—he looked after the prisoner and the cab—we took the prisoner, and found the clock in the cab.






ROBERT PATTISON
 (City police-sergeant, No. 506.) I was with Chambers—Isaw the prisoner standing near the cab—I went and took him, and found in the cab this clock, under this dirty handkerchief—I took the prisoner—hesaid, "I did not put the clock into the cab; a person asked me to call a cab, and put it in, and left me there, saying he was going to fetch some more luggage."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you not see the prisoner go into the Peacock public-house? A. Yes—I went in after him—I told him I wanted him, for putting a clock into a cab—he said he had not put it in.





GEORGE LEWIS
. I am a waterman in the Minories. On the 19th of January I saw the prisoner, and another with him—they came to the coachstand very nearly together—the prisoner called a cab—the other party put the clock into it, and he ordered the prisoner to mind that until he fetched the other luggage—the clock was wrapped up in a dark handkerchief—the prisoner was close to the cab when the other put it in—the cab was to go to Long-lane, Smithfield—the other man agreed for it, for 1s. 6d.





JOHN NORTH
 (police-constable E 90.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
