






245. 




ROBERT WHITEHEAD,



 RICHARD WHITEHEAD,



 THOMAS WHITEHEAD
; and 



SUSANNAH WALKER



; burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Mary Ann Ives, and stealing 1 tea-caddy, 1lb. weight of tea, and other goods, value 14l. 19s.; her goods: 



Robert Whitehead having been before convicted.






MARY ANN IVES
. I am a widow, of 3, Richard's-place, Haggerstone. I keep the house, and sleep in it—I know the prisoner Walker—she called at I my place on 20th Nov., at two o'clock in the afternoon—Robert Whitehead was at the door—I went to shut the door, and Walker said, "There is Bob outside"—I said, "Don't let him stand at the door, let him come in"—they came in, and took tea with me—Walker said she had a bonnet to sell that would suit me, and asked me to go to her house to see it—they left at four, and I went to Walker's house at six, to see the bonnet—I did not fasten the shutters, only the window and doors—I met Walker coming out of her own house—I said I had come to buy the bonnet—she said she was going to the I pledge-shop—I said, "I will go and look at the bonnet"—she said, "No, come with me to the pledge-shop"—I went, and waited outside—I then went home with her, and saw the bonnet, and gave her a shilling off it—she then took me to a place opposite Goldsmith's-row, and we had something to drink—we then went to her shoemaker's, and she asked if her boots were done—he said, "No"—in going home she said she was very thirsty, and she went into a public-house, and had some ale—she sat on a seat there half an hour—I said, "I must go home now, it is getting late"—it was about eight o'clock—I left her, and got home about a quarter past eight—I found my shutters and window open, and I missed all the property stated—the bedroom-door where the linen was, had been broken open, and they did not leave me a thing; what I have on now I was obliged to borrow, to appear in—this piece of velvet (produced) I had bought on the Monday before; I swear to it—this tea is the same sort as I had, and which was taken away; and this paper that it is in is an account of Manning's execution; I was reading it when they came in and I tore the corner of it off—it was put on the sideboard, and they took

the tea in it—my tea had sugar mixed with it—they had taken the sugar out—there is part of the small sugar with it now—I went with a policeman to Walker's house; we did not find anything there—I said to her, "Oh, Mrs. Walker, I am robbed of everything; that wretch has robbed me," meaning Robert Whitehead—she said nothing.

JURY. Q. Had you been in the habit of drinking with Walker? A. Yes.





HENRY TWITCHETT
. I am a shoemaker, of 42, Margaret-street, Hackney, road. I know the male prisoners—I was sitting at work in my room on the evening of the 20th Nov. and heard some one knock at my shutter between six and seven o'clock—I got up—it was Robert Whitehead, with a very heavy bundle on his shoulder—he asked me if his old man was at home, meaning his father—I said yes, he was—he came inside, and put the load down by my parlour door—he then went outside and took a tea-caddy off the window-ledge—he asked me again if his old man was at home—I said he was—he knocked four times at the door, and his father, Thomas Whitehead, came down stairs—the father had a back room adjoining mine, that he kept unoccupied, and he and Robert Whitehead went into that room with the bundle—they were there a quarter of I an hour or twenty minutes—I went into the yard, to look into the back-room window, and there had been a sheet placed at the window, three parts of the way up, so that no one could see; there had never been anything there before—they then took out the same bundle, wrapped up in a patchwork quilt—Richard had occupied the top room up-stairs, and the father had had his goods up-stairs, and that evening the goods were removed down to the back room adjoining mine, and the whole evening was in confusion—Robert Whitehead does not live with me—Thomas came down and helped the bundle into the back room, and took them out, but I did not see Richard help them in or out—I did not see Thomas any more till he returned home at eleven in the evening—Richard was at home all the time.





THOMAS MORIARTY
 (policeman, N 215). I went with Mrs. Ives to Walker's house—she told her of her being robbed, and she laughed at her—Mrs. Ives said, "It was that man with you that robbed me, and you kept me out while he did it"—I took Walker, and searched her place, but did not find any of the property—she said she did not know anything of it—I found this tea in Richard Whitehead's cupboard—I believe that is the same room that the father lives in—Richard Whitehead said it was his cupboard, and he bought the tea in half-ounces and saved it up—it was in this paper.

Richard Whitehead. I bought the tea in half-ounces during my wife's confinement.





CHARLES SEMPLE
 (policeman, N 56). I produce this velvet, which I saw drop from Robert Whitehead—he denied having dropped it.





EDWARD PADBURY
 (policeman, N 205). I saw Semple pick up this velvet—I am certain it was not there before the prisoner passed.





GEORGE DODD
. I sold this velvet to Mrs. Ives on 19th Nov.—I have the fellow-piece here that I cut it from.

Thomas Whitehead. The witness has false sworn himself in every sentence.





JAMES PARSONS
 (policeman, K 179). I produce a certificate (read—John Green, convicted Feb. 7, 1848, having been before convicted, confined out year)—Robert Whitehead is the man.

ROBERT WHITEHEAD—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.


RICHARD WHITEHEAD—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—



Confined Nine Months.


THOMAS WHITEHEAD—


GUILTY
. Aged 58.—


Transported for Seven



Years.
WALKER—


NOT GUILTY
.
