



454. 




RICHARD YOUNG



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Finch, at 
Hammersmith, and stealing therein 1 padlock, value 6d.; 18 buttons, 1s.; 400 marbles, 2s.; 30 seals, 4s.; 1 telescope, 5s.; 1 sixpence, 6 pence, and 9 halfpence, his property.






THOMAS FINCH
. I occupy a dwelling-house at Hammersmith. On 30th Nov., about twelve at night, I fastened up my house and shop safe—I was the last person up—next morning, about seven o'clock, I received some information from my brother, in consequence of which I went to my workshop, which communicates with my house internally, it is all under one roof—I found part of the frame of the workshop window removed, and the window sufficiently open for a small boy to get through—it had been shut the night before—the door was also open—I missed from the shop a telescope and a small quantity of catgut—from the room adjoining I missed 1s. 4d. in money, a brass padlock, two or three dozen loose buttons, 400 or 500 marbles, two or three watch-keys, and a packet of letter seals—the things were in different drawers—there was a livery cost in the room, from which about eighteen plated buttons, with a crest on them, were cut, three only were left on the cost—it belonged to a servant, and was left in my possession—this is the padlock I lost (produced)—I have no particular mark on it—there are many such, but it exactly corresponds with the one I had—the value of all the pro—perty taken is about 15s.—I know the prisoner form his entering my premises about five months back—I have known him living in the neighbourhood for three or four yours past.





ANN ANSTACE
. On 1st Dec., about eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner close by his own house, with another little boy standing under a wall—I afterwards saw them playing with buttons exactly like these produced—I noticed them, and had them in my hand—he also had from about 200 to 300 marbles in his cap—he lived in the same house with me, and slept there, but not on the Tuesday night.





HENRY MOUNT
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner into custody—his mother gave me this padlock in his presence—he said he had bought it of a boy for a halfpenny—as he was going to the station he said that he did not get it himself, it was a gipsy boy that asked him to show him the place where he had previously got in, and he went and got the things, and afterwards gave him half of them—the button I have produced I got from the coat—I got the first information from Mr. Anstace.




GUILTY. Aged 11.—Recommended to mercy.
—



Transported for Seven Years. (The prisoner had been before convicted, and several times in custody.)
