



1864. 




JESSE LUCAS
 was indicted

for unlawfully putting a quantity of cocculus indicus into a river, with intent to destroy the fish therein.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
HUODLESTONE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE PLUMBRIDGE
. I live at Hampton, and am employed under Mr. Ryalls, the foreman of her Majesty's river there—it is called the Longford river, and sometimes the Hampton-court Cut—it goes through the Palace gardens, and belongs to the Queen—on the 1st of Sept., a few minutes after six o'clock in the morning, in consequence of information, I went towards the cut—when I got in sight of it I met Piper—he pointed out the prisoner and James Lee to me—I subsequently saw Mr. Jepson—I went to the place where I had seen the two men, and afterwards, about eight o'clock in the evening, I saw dozens and dozens of fish dead and dying in the water—I took someof them out, and afterwards saw them opened by Mr. Jepson and Mr. Benbow—when I first saw the men they went from the banks.





MATTHEW RYALLS
. I am in the service of the Queen, and am foreman of the works on the banks of Her Majesty's river, the Hampton-court Cut—the Queen has a private right of fishery in that water—nobody has a right to fish, unless they have leave from those whom the Queen deputes—on the 1st of September, a little after six o'clock, a little boy made a communication to me, in consequence of which I went to the river and saw Plumbridge—Mr. Jepson sent for me about eight o'clock, and I saw some dead fish lying at the bottom of the water—I am the person to look after the fish—the prisoner had no business to be there—it is running water—it is usual for fish that are poisoned to sink, after they have floated a little while.





WILLIAM SINGLETON
. I am a grocer, and live at Hampton. On the 31st of Aug., about seven o'clock in the evening, I was fishing with a line on the bridge near the Hampton-road—I saw the prisoner at the Hampton-court Cut, take some fish out of the water and give them to James Lee—I saw several fish swimming in a stupified state, some dead, and some dying.





HENRY JEPSON
. I am a surgeon, and live at Hampton. On Tuesday morning, the 1st of Sept., between six o'clock and a quarter-past, I was fishing with a line in the Hampton-court Cut, by permission of Mr. Jesse, the superintendent of palaces—I saw George Plumbridge—he asked me if I had seen any person on the bank—I said no—I afterwards, at about a quarter-past six o'clock, saw the prisoner and James Lee standing on the bridge, which is a public thoroughfare over the cut, and looking into the water—I did not notice any fish at that moment, but in a few minutes I saw some Ijing dead at the bottom, in the middle of the stream—it was shallow water and clear—I could see them distinctly—I afterwards saw a great many more, some dying, and some dead—they appeared to be under the influence of some

narcotic—under that impression I took some out, and took (hem home—they were very large roach, one about a pound weight—in the evening I examined them, and found the stomachs of three of them stained with a deep yellow matter, which is a peculiar property of the coceulus indicus—two others were gorged with a paste composed of coceulus indicus—I compared it with some coceulus indicus afterwards—Mr. Benbow was present—I have not the slightest doubt in the world that the fish had taken coceulus indicus—the stomachs of some contained coceulus indicus, in an undigested state—my impression is that the fish stained with the yellow dye, had taken the poison at an earlier period than those who had it in the form of a paste—those stained with yellow were dead—those which contained coceulus indicus were almost dead—if coceulus indicus had been put into the water the night before, that would account for some fish being in a more advanced state of poisoning than others—when dead they would sink to the bottom.





GKORGE HENRY BENBOW
. I am a chemist, and live at Hampton. On Monday, the 31st of Aug., between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my shop for some coceulus indicus—he did not ask for it by that name—I do not remember the name he called it—it is called by so many names—it was the common name—but I sold him half an ounce of coccnlus indicus—he did not say what he wanted it for—before he left the shop I cantioned him—I told him it was transportation to use it—I did not say what for—I was present when Mr. Jepson opened the fish, and agree with him in what he has stated—I am satisfied that what was found was coceulus indicus—I know that it is sometimes mixed with dough and put into the water.





ANN COX
. I live with my father and mother, at Hampton—I know the prisoner. On the 31st of Aug., between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I went to the place where he lived, for some purpose, and saw him and a person named Jim Lee, mixing up something brown with spme dough, into a little ball, with a cup and some water.





THOMAS RATFORD
 (police-constable V. 109.) In consequence of a warrant I searched for the prisoner—I apprehended him on Wednesday morning, at New Hampton—James Lee was with him—I was in plain clothes—as soon as I saw them, Lee made his escape over Bushy-park wall, and has not been heard of since—I took the prisoner.





ROBERT TILTHORPE
. I am a labourer, and live at Hampton. On the 1st of Sept., a few minutes after six in the morning, I was near Hampton-court Cut—I saw the prisoner on the same side as me, at some distance from the bridge—there was another man on the other side of the water—the prisoner was walking on the bank—he spoke to me, and I am sure it was him.

Prisoner's Defence.—I never chucked any stuff in.




GUILTY
on the two first Counts.
 Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years. (Mr. Bodkin stated that the prisoner has been ten times in custody, ana several times convicted of felony.)
