




736. 




JOHN M'BRIDE
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
5th of Jan., 1 copper, value 1l. 5s.; and 43lbs. weight of lead, 5s., the goods of 



Joseph Cundey, and fixed to a building; and





THOMAS FRAME



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; and that M'Bride had been before convicted of felony.


MR. WILKINS
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SMITH
. I am a bricklayer. I was at work at Mr. Joseph Cundey's house at No. 5, Ranelagh-grove—it is unoccupied—On Thursday afternoon, the 5th of Jan., I went into the wash-house and shut the door—I went up to the copper, and saw that it was safely fixed in the brick-work, and had lead on the top—I left at five o'clock, and went again next morning at seven—the copper was then gone, and the lead also, all but a small piece.





JAMES HURLEY
. I had known M'Bride about a week before this happened—I saw him and Greeney, Myers and Lee, going down Ranelagh-Grove, Pimlico, at half-past five o'clock on Monday, the 30th of Dec.—they went

to No. 5, Ranelagh-grove. I did not know the other boys, only Greeney, who lived opposite to me—they were attempting to open the house, No. 5, Ranelagh-grove—M'Bride had something like a chisel and a stone—it sounded like metal as he was hammering it with the stone—I am certain he was the person I saw hammering in that way at the street-door—I went off directly—on the 4th of Jan. I was coming from chapel with my brother down Queen-street, about half-past eight at night—I saw M'Bride, Greeney, and Myers (three of the same boys I had seen before) Greeney and M'Bride bad a large copper—I know that when I first saw M'Bride and the others hammering at the door it was Monday the 30th of Dec., because the 29th was my birth-day—I am sure my birth-day was on a Sunday, and it was on the day after my birth-day I saw these boys, and I saw them with the copper on Thursday night—I gave notice of what I had seen the next day.

Q. Tell us what you saw on the Thursday? A. I and my brother were coming from chapel and saw M'Bride and Greeney go to Frame's shop with the copper—they staid in about five minutes, they then came out, and all three of the boys went in with the lead, which they fetched from a watering-place about twelve yards from the shop—I had noticed that Myers was standing at a place to watch the lead—I did not see what took place in the shop; but when they came out M'Bride had some silver in his hand, and they went away towards Greeney's house—I went home, and the next morning, about half-past nine, I told an officer, and I was called up at half-past two on Saturday morning by M'Culloch, and went to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did you give information? A. On the Friday morning, which was the day after I had seen them the second time—I was at work for Mr. Rose, the carrier, when I saw the boys the first time, and I and another of Mr. Rote's boys were going to the Commercial-road with a basket full of dirty linen—it was about a quarter after five o'clock—the second time I had been to chapel in the New-road, Sloane-street—the premises I saw them go into are in Queen-street, Pimlico—my brother is eleven years old—Brennan has lately been a sweep—he is now in the workhouse—I was not with him at the time I was taking this walk to the Commercial-road—I had known him about four years—I was not with him on either of these occasions—I did not see him on either of these occasions—if he was there it was a mere accident—I lived three doors from him—I know the inspector got Brennan into the workhouse, because I was down at Queen-square at the same time—the inspector was going to get me some work—I have had my meals of the inspector ever since I have been with him—he is conducting this prosecution—I have not been living with him—he has given me my meals seven times; four times here, and three times at Queen-square—he has not examined me as to the evidence I was to give—I told the magistrate and the inspector at the station-house, and he put it in the police-force bill—he has not examined me since—I have never been in any scrape—that is as true as the rest of my story—my little sister, who is five years of age, found a horse-cloth since Christmas—she brought it up stairs—I had not stolen it—they did not charge me with stealing it—Mr. Rose said perhaps I might have gone down and taken it out of the cart—that was a mistake—I told my father of it—he brought it down, and it was returned to Mr. Rose, the carrier, who owned it—I will swear he did not threaten to have me and my father prosecuted unless the cloth was returned—he threatened to have my mother taken up, and then my father returned the cloth which he had been keeping—he did not know whose it was—Mr. Rose lives in Avery-row, which is about five minutes' walk from

my father's—I inquired about the cloth of the boys who work for Mr. Rose—my father had it for two months.

MR. WILKINS. Q. There was no foundation for this charge against you? A. No—I never was in any scrape in my life, nor was any threat of a prosecution held out to me—my father is a mason's labourer—the first day I was at Queen-square the inspector gave me some bread and cheese and beer—I was there from half-past eleven o'clock till three—the three days I have been here I have had my dinners of him.





JAMES BRENNAN
. I was with Hurley in Queen-street, Ranelagh-grove, on a Thursday in last month—I know M'Bride—I saw him, Greeney, and Myers, with a copper, which they carried to Frame's shop—two of them went in first with it—they came out with some silver and copper in their hands—the third boy was minding the lead at the time, and then the three went into Frame's shop with the lead—I saw Frame in the shop—he put some silver and copper into M'Bride's hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you with Hurley when this was done? A. Yes, be and I were together—we were going up to the Commercial-road with some linen—I was with him all the while, and did not leave him at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What are you doing now? A. Nothing—I have been in St. Margaret's workhouse—the police-officer got me there—I told him on the Friday morning what evidence I had to give—I have seen him since then, and he has examined me, to see that I remembered all about it—he was quite satisfied with the mode in which I gave my answers—I knew Hurley when I was apprenticed—I have known him three or four years—I had not gone with him on this occasion—I was playing with him, and had been for two hours, when I saw this—I have never been in a Court of Justice before—I was taken up for begging, and had six weeks' imprisonment—that was the charge made against me—I did not take anything—I had begged the bread in Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, and a gentleman in plain clothes took me into custody—I am coming out of the workhouse—Mr. Barefoot put me in there till the trial was over—I do not know what is to become of me—Mr. Barefoot has promised to do something for me, if these persons are convicted.

MR. WILKINS. Q. Why did you beg? A. I had nothing else to do, nor anything to eat—I begged a piece of bread, and was sent to prison—I met Hurley in Clifford's-row, and was in his company that afternoon about an hour, when I saw M'Bride and the other boys coming with the copper—Hurley's brother was there.

Q. You told this gentleman just now that the inspector had promised to do something for you, supposing these men were convicted; did you mean that? A. No—he said he would do something for me when the trial was over—my father is a bricklayer—four boys were playing together that day.





ALEXANDER M'CULLOCH
 (police-sergeant B 5.) I received information of this robbery in the first instance from Smith, and afterwards from Brennan, when he was brought into the watch-house on Friday, the 6th of Jan.—in consequence of that I went to Frame's shop—he was sitting in the parlour at the back of his shop—I asked him for the copper he bought last night of M'Bride and another—he said he had not got that copper, nor any other, nor any other metal, except three or four pounds of lead, in his possession—I told him I did not believe him—he then said he would tell me the truth of it—he then said the copper was brought there last night, and they left it, and

it remained there about half an hour; on their return to the shop he refused to boy it, and they then took it away towards Chelsea.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I suppose you are an old officer? A. I have been an officer thirteen years—Barefoot is my inspector—the conversation took place with Brennan between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—when I went to Frame's shop, I had left the station to go home—I did not leave the inspector at the station then—I had seen him that day, but I do not think I bad that night—to the beat of my recollection, I had seen him at six o'clock that evening—I think Brennan came to the station between three and four o'clock on the Friday—the whole of this happened on the Friday—I made a memorandum as soon as I got home—this is it—(producing it)—this is not a book which I keep for the purpose of such memorandums, but I happened to put it here that time, as I had this book in my pocket when I was at Frame's—I live ten or twelve doors from Frame—his shop is three or four minutes' walk from the station—I did not take a note of this conversation by direction of Barefoot, but I put it down as soon as I got home—I never showed it to Barefoot, nor told him that I had made it.





HENRY BAREFOOT
. I am an inspector of police. I received information of this robbery on the 5th of Jan.—I do not know the day of the Week, but I am positive it was on the 5th—I made a memorandum of it—I received the information from one of the sergeants at the station—I believe it was from Carter, but I am not certain—I bad not then received information from Hurley—on the 7th, I went with a warrant to search Frame's house—he was in his shop—I asked him for the copper be purchased of a boy-a night or two before—he said he had no such thing in his premises, and he had not bought one—I said I had a search warrant, and I proceeded to search—I went down stairs—he went with me—I came to a cupboard—I requested him to unlock it, which he did—I saw a quantity of wood and shavings in it—I had an officer with me—I requested the officer to move the wood and shavings—Frame then said, "You with find the copper there, "and it was there, beaten up—Frame then said, "Had I known you intended to have had a search warrant, I should have put it out of the way, for when the policeman called last night, I denied having it, and I was a fool for doing so"—he accompanied me into the yard—I looked into a shed, which appeared to have nothing but sacks, and a little rubbish in it—he said, "You will find nothing there"—I was satisfied, and walked back into the shop—I went again in about ten minutes, to the place where he said there was nothing, and found this lead under some sacks and rubbish—this is the copper, it has since been pulled open—this and the lead have been at the station ever since.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long have you known Hurley? A. Five or six months; perhaps I might say five or six years—I have been there that time—I do not know that I ever saw him with my eyes before this occasion—I dare say I have seen him running about—I have never spoken to him before this—I think I first spoke to him on the 6th, the day M'Bride was taken—I did not take down what he had to say—I heard what he had to say, and what Brennan had to say—they were both there—I have had no communication with Hurley as to what he had to say—I certainly have not taken down his evidence, or seen his evidence, for any purpose—one of these boys has been taken to the workhouse—all the promise that has been made to Brennan, is to be taken back to the overseers, to be passed from that parish to his own—Mr. Gundey is prosecuting this case at his own expense.





HENRY MORGAN
. I am foreman to Mr. Joseph Cundey. I live in West-row, Pimlico—I saw this lead fitted to the place where the copper had been, and from what I saw I have no hesitation in swearing it is Mr. Cundey's lead

—I say that from seeing it fitted to the place—I had seen such a copper as this in that place.





JAMES BRADELY
 (police-constable B 134.) I produce a certificate of M'Bride's former conviction, which I got from the office at Westminster—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.
(George Harrison, carpenter, Chelsea; Henry Farrant, carpenter; Joseph Shelton, labourer; William Spaul, carpenter, Pimlico; and Benjamin Bedel, salesman, Royal Hospital-row, gave Frame a good character.)

M'BRIDE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

FRAME—


GUILTY
. Aged 57.





Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
