



1283. 



JOSEPH MORTIMER
 was indicted

 for bigamy.






SAMUKL SHUTTEEWORTH
 I live at Chelmsford, in Essex. I produce an extract from the register of marriages at Camber well church—I compared it with the register—it is correct—the register is kept in the iron chest in the vestry of the church—I was present at the marriage—it took place on the 27th of June, 1839—the parties were Joseph Mortimer, a widower, and Josephine Langhorn, a widow—the prisoner is the man—I knew Josephine Langhorn well—she was alive on the 22nd of March last—marriages are celebrated in the church of that parish—there were two or three marriages that morning—(certificate read—"Marriages solemnized in the parish church of St. Giles, Camberwell, 27th June, 1839—Joseph Mortimer, widower, and Josephine Langhorb, a widow, were married by licence by me.—H. W. C. HYDE.")





ROBERT M'KENZIE
 (police-sergeant B 5.) I produce an examined copy of the register of marriages at Shoreditcb church—I examined it in the vestry-room of the parish church of St. Leonard, Shoreditch—it was produced to me by the curate of the church—the clerk was present—it is a correct copy—(read—Marriages solemnized at the parish'church of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, 1345:—June 7, Joseph Mortimer, widower, and Caroline Wright, widow, were married by license, by me, T. U. Parnell."





ROBERT WRIGHT CALDECOTT
. I live at Claphara, and am a schoolmaster. I was present at this marriage at Shoreditch church, on the 7th of June, 1845—the prisoner it the man who was married to Caroline Wright, a widow—they went into the country after they left the church—Caroline Wright is now in Ireland—I am her son—I saw her last nine months ago—she is an Englishwoman.

Prisoner. Q. Is she not now living with another man at Dublin? A. She is not—I am positive she is living in Dublin.

Prisoner. My marriage to this woman, and the other, were both since I got a divorce in the city of New York; and on the divorce, the whole of my wife's money was sent to Charleston, and then she got married in the Catholic cbapel. I hear she is living in New York, and has one child; she married on the strength of the document she got from me.

Prisoner's Defence, written:—"My Lord, Mrs. Mortimer, formerly Mrs. Langhorne, and myself, not agreeing together, we, by mutual consent, separated at Charleston, in America; she proceeded to London for the purpose of procuring some money she was entitled to, and I proceeded to New York. After the lapse of some months, Mrs. Mortimer made personal application to me at New York, to request my signature to a power of attorney, to enable her to receive the monies; this I did on our signing a mutual agreement for separation or divorce, according to the laws of the United States, I being a citizen of New York; which deed was deposited, and remains now in tfie bands of William Davies, solicitor and proctor, New York. Mrs. Mortimer, formerly Miss Lovejoy, that I married in Liverpool, subsequent to my

obtaining the divorce in New York, died on board the ship Sidore, Captain Brockley, after we had been seventeen days on the voyage to New York;—since her death I married Caroline Wright, with whom I did not agree, and we separated by mutual consent; I heard she had since died, and hence my reason for looking out for another wife; it appears, however, from her son's evidence, that she still lives."





SAMUEL SHCTTLEWORTH

re-examined. Josephine Langhorn was the half-sister of my wife—I have had constant correspondence with her till the 22nd of March—she was then at New York—here is a letter her mother had from her, and I received it from her mother's hand—I know it to be her writing—she here signs her name "Josephine Mortimer"—here is not any allusion to her being married—it is dated March the 23rd, the post-mark at New York is March 29, and the London post-mark is the 15th of April—I have a letter from the prisoner—I do not know his writing, but it has his name, and was posted from Newgate.





GEORGE WRIGHT
. I belong to this gaol. This letter passed through my hands previous to its being posted—I do not know the prisoner's writing—I did not receive it from him.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years


