



1284. 




JOHN JEFFERY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of April, 1 coat, value 10s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 20s.; and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; the goods of 



William Ward; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE EDIS EVANS
 (City police-sergeant, No. 302.) On the afternoon of the 19th of April, I was in Fleet-street, and saw the prisoner cross from Red Lion-court, with something in his apron—I followed, and saw the lining of a coat in his apron; he pulled his apron round it, to hide it—I told a constable to go and stop him, which he did, at the corner of Shoe-lane—I instantly went over—he was asked what he had in his apron—he said a coat and a pair of trowsers—I asked where be got them from—he said from his sister's—I asked where he was going to take them, he said to his sister's—I asked where his sister lived, he said, "Just up here," pointing up Shoe-lane—I directed the constable to go with him.





FRANCIS BAYLIS
 (City police-constable, No. 313.) I stopped the prisoner at the corner of Shoe-lane, and asked what he had got in his apron, he said a coat and a pair of trowsers—I asked where he got them from, he said from his sister's—I asked where he was going to take them, he said to his sister's—I asked where she lived, he said, "Just up here," pointing up Shoe-lane—Evans said I had better go to his sister's with him—I went about one hundred yards, and asked him the name of the place—he said, "Bennet-street, Cow-cross"—I said I was not going there, and took him to the station—I then asked what he had in his apron, he said a coat and a pair of trowsers—I took them out, and said, "Are you sure there is only a coat and one pair of trowsers?"—he said yes—there were two pairs of trowsers—I asked if there was any thing in the coat pockets, he said, "Nothing whatever"—I said, "Are you certain?"—he said, "Yes"—he then said, "Oh yes, there may be some money that I left in it when I took it off last night—I said, "Unfortunately, the money's is a pair of gloves"—I found these gloves, and a summons for Mr. Ward to appear at the Court of Requests—I went to him directly, and he identified the property.





WILLIAM WARD
. I live in Red Lion-passage, which leads out of Red Lion-court, Fleet-street. This coat, trowers, and gloves are mine, and were safe in my house at twelve o'clock in the morning of the 19th of April.

Prisoner. I hope you will have mercy on me; I will never come here any more.





JOHN PARK
 (police-constable E 5.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which 1 got from Mr. Clark's office—I know the prisoner well, I apprehended him, and was present at his trial—he is the person described in the certificate—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
