




791. 




JOHN WROTHENBURGH
 and 




THOMAS FRANKLIN



, feloniously breaking and entering the counting-house of 



Charles Rogers Cotton, and stealing 1 knife, value 6d., 3 bags, 6d., and 3l. in money; his property; Franklin having been before convicted: to which


FRANKLIN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.







CHARLES ROGERS COTTON
. On 3d Feb. I lived at Salisbury-lane, in the parish of Bermondsey. My foreman told me something—I went to the counting-house about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, and found the desks all open—they had been locked at four the night before—the drawer of an iron safe was open—I missed from it a bag containing shillings, sixpences, and halfpence—I am almost sure there was a sovereign in my desk—I also missed a knife and three bags—I swear to this knife, and believe these bags to be mine (produced)





THOMAS TOOME
. I am Mr. Cotton's foreman. I left the yard and counting-house locked up, safe, about half-past eight o'clock on Friday night-next morning, about seven, I unlocked the counting-house, and found the desk wrenched open, the drawers turned inside out, and the money gone—the window was shut the night before, but we seldom put the shutters up.





WILLIAM NOAKES
 (policeman, M 104). I went to Mr. Cotton's, and found the window had been opened, the drawers broken open, and several foot-marks in the yard—I took Wrothenburgh that evening; Franklin was with him—I made an impression with Wrothenburgh's boots by the side of the impression, and it corresponded exactly.





THOMAS TOWERSEY
 (policeman, M 237). I took Franklin; Wrothenburgh was with him—I found this knife on him.





ELIZA CRESSY
. I am in the service of Mr. Jennings, of Horsleydown, a clothes dealer. About half-past eight o'clock on Saturday morning the prisoners came; they each bought a pair of trowsers, a pair of braces, and a handkerchief—they each bought something—Wrothenburgh changed a sovereign. Wrothenburgh's Defence. I met this boy; he said he was going to buy a pair of trowsers; that he had got a sovereign, and would treat me to a pair out of it.

WROTHENBURGH—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

