



2164. 




ELIZABETH DUBOIS
 was indicted

 for stealing 71 1/4 yards of lace, value 12l.; 19s., the goods of 



Francis William Vant.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS DAVIS
. I am shopman to Francis William Vant, linen-draper, of Woolwich. On the 6th of Aug., about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came, and asked for some long cloth—I served her with some—she then asked for some thread edging—I served her with some, and with three-quarters of a yard of wider lace—while I was serving her I saw her draw two wide pieces off the counter, and put them under her cape—there were ten yards in one piece, and thirteen yards in the other—I made out her bill—she paid me, and went away—I followed her fifty or sixty yards from the shop, watched her all the time, and never lost sight of her—I then said to her, "I

have missed some pieces of lace, will you come back?"—she said, "O yes certainly"—she came back with me—I brought her to the spot where I had served her, and felt the lace-cards in her pocket—I then put her in the back parlour, and left her there by herself—I set the shop boy to watch—I went for a constable, and he took her.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you standing when you saw her draw the two pieces off the counter? A. Opposite her—I was looking at her—she took them in my presence off the counter, and put them under her cape—if I had seized her at the moment she would have made some excuse, so I thought I had better let her get out—I did not say on the first examination that I did not see her take any lace, but I thought some was gone, from the pieces being deficient—there were seven or eight other persons in the shop beside me and the prisoner—I wanted to search her, and she objected to it—the value of the two pieces 1 saw her take was 4l.; or 5l.;





JAMES HOLLOWAY
. On the 6th of Aug. I saw the prisoner, and was set to watch her—I saw her take eight cards of lace from ber pocket, and place them under the drugget—I opened the parlour door, and said, "What made you put the lace there?"—she said, "Good God, young man, don't say I put the lace there; how cruel it will be if you do."

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you standing? A. At the parlour door—there is a window—it has a curtain to it, but it was one side—the prisoner was in the parlour—she could see me.





JOHN GRIFFIN
 (police-constable R 229.) I took the prisoner on the 6th of Aug., and have the cards of lace—I got them from Davis—I asked the prisoner her name—she would not give it, nor say where she lived—she said I had no right to ask her.





JOHN DAVIS

re-examined. This is my master's lace, and is worth 12l.; 19s. 2d.—here are the marks on the cards.




GUILTY
.* Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

