



1672. 




GEORGE GRAY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of Aug., at 

Lee, 1 cash-box, value 6d.; 16 spoons, 3l. 8s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 8s.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 9 half-crowns, 106 shillings, 77 sixpences, 28 groats, 1 half-crown, 1 sixpence, 1 groat, and 1 foreign silver coin, value 1s., the property of 



Henry Couldery, in his dwelling-house.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY COULDERY
. I keep the Royal Oak, in the parish of Lee. On Monday, the 15th of August, about two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner and another person, came to my house, and directly ran up into the club-room—there is a passage between the club-room and my bed-room—the doors are opposite each other—I kept a cash-box in my bedroom—the prisoner called for two slices of bread and cheese, and a pint of stout, and afterwards for another pint of stout, and a screw of tobacco—when I went up the third time, the prisoner said, "Landlord, will you let the door be open, for your room is so excessively hot"—I opened the club-room door at his request, and went down again—I observed a pocket-book on the table—about half an hour afterwards I saw the prisoner and the other coming down stairs—(Mrs.

Couldery had then been up into the bed-room)—they went out without paying for their refreshment—I followed them as far at the threshold of the door—I then waited to know if my bed-room was safe—after some communication from my wife, I followed the prisoner—I overtook him about 100 yards from my house, and took him into custody—I do not know that he saw me before I came up to him—he could have seen me, because the ground rises—the other man went across the fields towards the Lee-road—I have since seen my cash-box—at the time it was stolen, it contained gold, half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences—it was in a chest of drawers in my bed-room.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far is the club-room from the bed-room? A. The passage runs between the two—there had been three other persons drinking in the club-room besides these two—I had never seen the prisoner before—I have two servants.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When the prisoner and the other first came, were there any persons up in the club-room? A. There was—they did not remain there all the while—two of them came down about a minute before these two—they paid for what they had, and went away—the other one came down with these two—he was a deaf and dumb gentleman, living in the neighbourhood, who used to come there regularly every afternoon—the door of the club-room is in the centre of the room—the prisoner might have closed the door so that the persons in the club-room could not see him go into the bed-room—I did not know either of the other two persons—they had been in the house before, and up into the club-room—I have never seen them since—I did not observe the prisoner in conversation with any of the other persons in the club-room—they seemed to be keeping separate company.





AMELIA COULDERY
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 15th of Aug. I went up into the bed-room by my husband's direction—as I went up I met some persons coming down stairs—the prisoner was one of them—I am quite sure of him—I went into my bed-room, and found the drawer had been broken open, and the cash-box gone—I had seen it half an hour before—it then had gold and silver in it—I called out to my husband—there was no marks of the drawer having been forced—I saw the two persons come in before the prisoner and the other man, soon after two o'clock—the prisoner came not long after with the other man—I was up in the room at the time the prisoner was there, and saw him in the room—the club-room door is usually kept open.





WILLIAM ARCHER
. I am a gardener, and live at Lee. I was at Mr. Couldery's house on the 15th of Aug., and saw the prisoner—I was in the club-room several times—I was sitting at the bottom of the stairs at the time the prisoner and the other man came down stairs, and left the house—I followed the prisoner with Mr. Couldery—we took him—I told him I took him on suspicion of robbing Mr. Couldery of a cash-box—he denied it.





CHARLES WRIGHT
. I am a carpenter, living at Lee. On the 16th of Aug. I was going from Church-street, through Church-passage, to Lee, and under a hedge there I found this cash-box and a parcel near it, in which I found some plate—I had heard of the robbery the night before, and took it to the prosecutor—Mr. Couldery has since pointed out to me the spot where the prisoner was taken, and it was about eighty yards beyond that that the cash-box was found—I showed Mr. Couldery where I found it.





HENRY COULDERY

re-examined. Wright showed me where he found the cash-box—the prisoner took that course on leaving my house, and would pass that spot—I took the prisoner against a large tree about eighty yards from there.





JAMES HIGGS
 (police-constable R 233.) I searched the prisoner and found

this piece of iron-wire, and pocket-book on him—I produce the lock of the drawer which was broken open—there is one mark on it which distinctly corresponds with the point of this iron—I also saw some marks on the drawer. John Wyatt. I am a smith, and live at Lee. This iron is a bottle-jack skewer—I examined the lock of the drawer, and found the bolt had been forced down by some sharp-pointed instrument—this iron would have done it—I also saw marks on the wood work of the drawer, which I have no doubt were made by that instrument.

Cross-examined. A. Any sharp thing would produce the same effect? A. It might—I have none of the wood work here—there is an impression on the bolt of the lock.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. The wood work is on a chest of drawers, is it not? A. Yes, and on the drawer itself—the marks correspond in size and shape with this instrument.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (police-sergeant R 84.) I searched the prisoner's lodging the night after he was apprehended—he told me previously where he lived—I found a quantity of keys, a dark-lantern, and other articles there, which I produce—I took Wyatt to the prosecutor's house by the Magistrate's order—I found marks on the drawer corresponding with the top of this skewer—it is rather a peculiar shape—it exactly fits the marks in the wood work of the drawer—there were two marks—I have no doubt they were made by this—the marks were about a quarter of an inch apart, both on one side, directly opposite the bolt of the lock.





FRANCIS BARNARD
 (police-constable R 134.) I had charge of the prisoner, to take him from Maidstone to Greenwich, on board a steam-packet—when the packet stopped at Cray, in Essex, I found he had escaped—he had been below—I went to his house, but could not find him.





ARTHUR PASCOE
 (police-constable H 141.) In consequence of information, I took the prisoner into custody on Friday, the 14th of April, near the Liverpool-road—a person was with me who pointed him out to me—the prisoner saw the person put up his finger to me, and directly started off as hard as he could go—I ran after him a considerable distance, and succeeded at last in taking him—I asked if his name was Gray—he said it was not—I said I thought it was—he said it was not—I took him by the collar, and took him to the station—as I was afterwards taking him from the station to a cab, he said I was the only one who could do it for him—I understood what he meant, but made little or no reply—after we were in the cab he kept talking to me in the same strain respecting money—I did not answer—he asked me if I heard what he said—I said I did—he said, "I am afraid you don't heed; if you don't, I am cooked; I don't think you understand business."

Cross-examined. Q. Was any one present at this conversation but you and him? A. No—the party who identified him was sitting on the coach-box.





HENRY COULDERY

re-examined. The pocket-book I saw on the table in the club-room was similar to the one produced—it was a red morocco one—this plate and cash-box is mine, and what I missed from the drawer—the prisoner was about sixty yards from my house when I began to run after him—the other man did not run in that direction—the prisoner was the only one that took that direction—he might have thrown away the cash-box without my seeing him do so—he had to go under two arches, which would obstruct the sight.




GUILTY
. * Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.



Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

