



1862. 




ELIZA SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 



William Jackson, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM JACKSON
. I live in Bridgewater-gardens. On the 31st of Aug., I was in Old-street-road—the prisoner and another female stopped me in the highway, at the George the Fourth—it is commonly called the No. 9 house—they said, "Where are you going, my dear?"—I said, "Home, to be sure, where do you think?"—the other said, "Won't you take a walk with me?" and the prisoner said, "Won't you treat me to a drop of gin?"—I said, "I have no money"—the other then said, "Won't you treat us with 2d. worth of oysters?"—I said, "I have no money for gin, how can I have money for oysters?—they then laid hold of me, and dragged me to the corner of the City-road—there the other one shoved rac—they took me to Plummer-street, and asked if I was not going to give them a drop of gin—they then hustled me round and patted me round, and the prisoner said, "You carry a watch; if you can carry a watch you can have 2d."—they dragged me down Plummer-street—there is a court there, and when I got there, there was not a soul near—one of them dragged me, and the other pushed aside of me—the prisoner then pulled my watch out and said, "It is twenty minutes to one"—I said, "Let that alone, it don't belong to you"—I took it from her and put it in my waistcoat pocket—they still held my arm and my wrist—I bad no sooner put it in my pocket than the prisoner snatched it out of my pocket, and she said to the other, "Look out, here is a policeman"—the other went off down a court—the prisoner kept me—I said, Now as the other is gone I will keep you, you have not got the watch, but your mate has"—we wrestled together for four or five minutes, and I called "Police"—I got her into I Plummer-street—she said, "I will black your peepers," and she gave me a claw down the face—I clasped my arms round her, and she bit my cheek—the policeman came and took her, and then she insulted me by kicking me before her.

Prisoner. Q. If you saw me give the watch to that woman, why did not you stop her? A., You prevented me—I had not been drinking with three women before I spoke to you—I had been to see a person very ill at Hackney—I had not been into any house at all.





RICHARD TAYLOR
 (police-constable N 62.) I heard the call of "Police" about ten minutes before one o'clock on the morning of the 1st Sept—I went to where it came from, and found the prosecutor and the prisoner

struggling together at the corner of Pluramer-streetshe was trying to get from him—he charged her with stealing his watch—here is the guard-chain which was round his neck, and the watch has been pulled out of the swivel.

Prisoner. I did not offer to leave him. Witness. She struggled to leave him, and after I got her she kicked him more than once or twice.

Prisoner. I had three witnesses at the office to prove that the prosecutor was drinking with three women at the George the Fourth, where he was standing when I went in.

COURT. to
RICHARD TAYLOR. Q. Is that house open so late? A. Tea, it is a house generally resorted to by thieves and prostitutes—the prosecutor was quite sober.





JOSEPH ARCHIBALD
 (police-constable N 379.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction in this court, on the 6th of March, 1844—she had six months' imprisonment—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

