



1665. 




WILLIAM PEACOCK



, stealing 1 bag, value 1d.; and 30 sovereigns and 10 half-sovereigns; the property of 



William Shippey and another, his masters. (See page 259.)


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SHIPPEY
. I am a horse-dealer and horse-slaughterer. On 10th May I was in partnership with Thomas Fishpool, that partnership is now dissolved—I have an agreement to that effect, it is dated 15th June, 1848—I hired the prisoner on 11th May, to go and buy some horses—he was to tare 1l. a week, and he drew 6s. on account—he went down with me to Hertford—I was taken ill there, and obliged to stay at an inn—on 12th May 1 gave him 40l. in gold, in a bag—he went to Hertford fair to buy horses—he came to me at the inn in about an hour, and said he could not buy anything there, the best way would be for us to get to Smithfield—we came up to the Shareditch station—I went home, because I was ill—the prisoner had the

money, and I gave him a shilling to pay his cab-hire—I thought it was very strange he did not come home, and I went to the Brecknock Arms, at Camden Town, and saw him there at one o'clock in the morning—he said he had bought two horses for 9l., and two more of Mr. Urling for 25l., and he had left them with Mr. Urling, because he knew he would do well by them—he pointed out the two horses to me that he said he had bought at Smithfield—I did not stay above ten minutes with him—I then left him, and did not see him again for three weeks, when I saw him in Smithfield and gave him into custody—I got 5l. from him at the Brecknock Arms—I have received no other money from him, and no horses.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What was he doing in Smith-field when you gave him into custody? A. Looking at some horses—he might know that I am in the habit of going to Smithfield; I think he did—I did not speak to the prisoner before I gave him into custody—I had made a complaint to two or three policemen to have him taken—I cannot tell the name or number of either of them—I cannot read—I cannot tell the numbers on doors—I did not go to any station or before any Magistrate—I am not in partnership with Fishpool now—I suppose it is three weeks ago since I gave up partnership with him—I saw him here half an hour ago—the 40l. belonged to me and my partner—10l. of it was mine, I borrowed it of my wife—the other 30l. was between my partner and me—I sold five horses for it, which were my partner's and mine—my money was laid out for them as well as his—I had 45l. and he had 26l. 10s.—I swear these horses were as much mine as they were Fishpool's.

Q. Did he not accuse you of stealing these very horses? A. I never knew or heard of it—I have known the prisoner a good bit—he did business for me two years ago—he bought and sold horses for me, but he had never been my servant till this last occasion—he robbed me of 30l. before—the Magistrate said I could only make a debt of it; if he were a servant I could prosecute him—that was the reason why I made him a servant this time, that I might prosecute him—he went down on his knees and clasped his hands, and looked in my face and implored me—he assured me he would not rob me of a farthing if I would employ him—I took him, and on the following day I trusted him with this 40l.—I had paid him 6s. in advance, and he was to have 1l. a week—there was no written agreement—I cannot write, and he cannot write—a person named Stonach was there, who saw the prisoner go down on his knees in my house, and he saw my wife take the 6s. out of the drawer, and give to the prisoner's wife—Stonach did not hear anything about the service—I did not take the prisoner for any particular time—I thought it was for a week—I have always gone for a week when I have hired myself as a servant—there was no one present when the prisoner said he had bought two horses for 9l., and two for 25l., except a little boy of fourteen or fifteen years old—he is not here—I have been a horse-dealer all my life.

MR. PARRY. Q. You say the partnership between you and Fishpool lasted till the 12th of May? A. Yes—Fishpool had about 26l.—it was a partnership for slaughtering horses—there was a regular written agreement drawn up between us—10l. of this money was my own, that I had borrowed of my wife, and 30l. was partnership money—those horses were not bought for slaughtering, they were sold—I and Fishpool have bought horses for slaughtering—we have bought as many as thirty-five in a week.





CHARLES URLING
. I am a sand-dealer, in Bayham-street. I know the prisoner very well—I did not sell him two horses for 25l.—on 12th May I

had no such horses—I sold him one in Smithfield that day, for 6l. 10s.—I had sold him horses before that, perhaps two or three years before—I had not sold him any on the day previous.

Cross-examined. Q. You knew the prisoner? A. Yes, he was my servant about thirteen years—he has been jobbing about since—he was well-behaved when he was with me till towards the latter end—I have dealt with him when I have had a horse to sell, but not lately.

MR. PARRY. Q. Did you know that he was tried before? A. Yes, at Chelmsford, and I got him off.





SAMUEL HILDER
 (City-policeman, 29.) I toot the prisoner—I told him it was for embezzling 40l.—he said he did not embezzle it, he only borrowed it—I found one shilling and one halfpenny on him.




GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.

