



2437. 




PHILIP HART
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of September, 1 flannel shirt, value 3s.; 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 watch-chain, value 7s.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 1 ring, value 3s.; 1 whistle, value 2s.; I watch-key, value 1s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 15s.; 1 jacket, value 12s.; and 1 waistcoat, value 8s.; the goods of 



Thomas Webb.






THOMAS WEBB
. I live at the Sugar Loaf public-house, in Church-street, Mile-end New-town—I have one room there. The prisoner lodged in the next room to me—I had a box at the foot of my bed—I missed from it, on the 7th of September, a new waistcoat and a flannel shirt—I then missed a jacket and pair of breeches, my watch, and other things.





ROBERT BUTLER
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a flannel shirt, which was pawned by the prisoner—I had not known him before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long was he in the shop? A. I cannot say—I did not take in the pledge—I was serving another customer.





THOMAS WOLSTENHOLME
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a watck, pawned by the prisoner, on the 8th of September, for 4s.—on the next evening he came again, and requested 2s. more on it, which I let him have—I have known him many years.

Cross-examined. Q. Has he not always borne a good character? A. I never heard to the contrary—the watch is worth about 15s.





GEORGE KING
 (police-constable H 111.) On the morning of the 10th of September I went to the prisoner's lodgings—he was in bed—his landlord went and awoke him—while he was dressing my brother officer saw a parcel in his hat—he took out the parcel, and found the duplicates of the watch and shirt, with a quantity of plate broken up—he declined saying any thing, and talked about bringing an action against us.





THOMAS WEBB

re-examined. This is my watch and flannel shirt-all the other things I have lost.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the watch worth? A. Four guineas I gave for it—I had a key of my room, but did not lock it, nor did I lock the box—my watch had a silver chain to it, which is not on it now.
(Alexander Coleman, Israel Cohen, Samuel Isaacs, Phillip Raphael, Joseph Witney, Lewis Nathan, and Joseph Hart, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.† Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
