



1058. 




PRISCILLA O'CONNOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of Februry,7 shawls, value 4l.; 2 gowns, value 18s.; 8 yards of printed cotton, value 1s.; 2 petticotas, value 3s.; 1 clock, value 16s.; 1 bonnet, value 6s.; 1 watch-key, value 4s.; 2 purses, value 4d.; 1 sovereign; 1 half-sovereign; 40 half-crowns; and 100 shillings; the property of 




Thomas Jones, her master.






MARGARET JONES
. I am the wife of Thomas Jones, a milkman who lives in Compton-passage, Clerkenwell—the prisoner was in his service—at a quarter before four o'clock on Sunday afternoon, the 27th of February, I came home, and the prisoner was gone—I missed seven shawls and the other articles stated in the indictment—my box was broken open—some of the things are here—they are mine—I missed 10l. in silver, and 1l. 10s. in gold.

Prisoner. I have never been a servant to her—she asked me to lend her 7l., to furnish two rooms, and on Wednesday I gave her warning that I would leave on Sunday afternoon—the clothes that she has claimed do not fit her. Witness. she had been my servant, she came to me on Monday afternoon and did this on the Sunday—I do not let furnished lodgings—it is not true that she gave me warning to leave—I will take my oath these are my clothes.

JAMES WELLINGTON. I live in Denton-buildings, chapel-street. On Sunday night, the 27th of February, I was driving a cab. no. 211—I was in Pantone-street—a man passed towards my cab—I asked whether he wanted my cab—he said, "Yes"—he opened my door, and got in—he told me to go on—I went on till I came to the corner of Park-street—he then went into the public-house there, and I followed—I saw the prisoner and another female very much in liquor—the bar maid assisted them out—they got into the cab with assistance—the man then ordered me to George-yard, against the Angel-inn—I drove them there—the other female then got out, and the man ordered me to the new-road—I was going there, and he ordered me to drive to the patriots public-house at the bed of the White Conduit house—they did not go in there, but he went on to the third house from there, and told me to get a light, which I did at that house—I then saw a quantity of silver at the bottom of the cab—the prisoner and the man were in the cab—the man picked up the silver—the prisoner held a bag, and the man put the money into it—the prisoner said it was hers—the man of the house then came out, and began to abuse me for knocking at his door and asking for a candle—he snatched it out of my hand—I then told the prisoner if she could not tell me where to go I would take them both to the station—she ordered me to No. 9, Angel-court—I was proceeding towards there, they called to me to stop at the Rodney arms public-house—I did so, the prisoner wanted a glass of the best rum, and I was to get what I liked—I got a drop of gin, and as I thought she had bad quite enough spirits, I got her a glass of vinegar which I thought would sober her—I demanded ray fare—she broke a glass, and wanted me to drive round high gate till she got sober—i would not, but spoke to the policeman.





JAMES M'LACHLAN
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner the man—I found 2l. 6s. in silver, and 1l. 10s. in gold in the cab.






HENRY BERESFORD
. I am a police-inspector. The prisoner was brought to the station—I found this bag with 5l. 12s. 2d. in the bosom and she had these clothes on, which the prosecutrix claims—she started she was a lady just come from France.

Prisoner. I told you I lived with a French lady—I lived two year and seven months with her; my mother has been an independent lady; I was told to go to this woman to lodge, and on the Wednesday she asked

me for this money, and said the two rooms up stairs she would let furnished; I took my things on Sunday afternoon out of her house—I never robbed her; if my mistress was here she would not allow me to stand here.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
