



2257. 




GEORGE WILLIAM HAMILTON
 was indicted

 for feloniously sending to 



Jessie Hopper a certain letter, demanding money from her with menaces; against the Statute, &c.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






ELLIN SHAW
. I live at No. 1, Derby-place, Bays water, in the service of Mr. Hopper, as housemaid—he has two grown-up daughters, Miss Jessie and Miss Emily—Emily is the oldest—the house faces Kensington-gardens—there is a gate almost opposite the house, leading on to the broad walk of the garden—the young ladies occasionally walked there. On the 6th of July, the day the Queen held a drawing-room, I saw Miss Jessie come in from a Walk, between twelve and one o'clock, I think—I had not seen her go out—shortly after she came home, the prisoner rang the bell—I answered it—he asked me if that lady who had just entered the house had lost any thing, as he had just picked something up at the gate—I went and spoke to Miss Jessie, returned, and told him she had not lost any thing—he said he was sure it was hers, for he had picked it up close by the gate—he held his finger in his hand, as if holding something—he said he should not show me what he had found, as it was his intention to advertise it the following morning; if the young lady found she had lost anything, and looked in the newspaper, she would there ascertain what it was—he asked if the young lady lived there—I said she did—he then left—his hair was very thick over his face, but it is now shaved off—he had a very large beard, both on his upper and under lip—I was examined before the Magistrate—he had his beard then—on the 20th of July, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I heard the coachman's bell ring—I then received this letter from Mary Chandler, the coachman's wife, and

gave it to Miss Emily—the coachhouse and stable are a little way down the garden—they do not join the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Are you prepared to swear it was between nine and ten o'clock you received the letter? A. Yes—I heard on Saturday that the prisoner had shaved since I saw him, but I know him—there is still the same countenance—I do not know whether Miss Jessie had gone out alone on the 6th of July—she came up stairs alone—her sister was not in the house.





ELIZA GILES
. I am nursery-maid to Mrs. Puddick, of Coburg-terrace, Bayswater, who is an acquaintance of Miss Hopper's. On Monday, the 17th of July, I was in Kensington-gardens with mistress's child, and saw a tall stout man there, with a high forehead and long mustachios, and a great deal of hair on his chin, over his lips and below—the prisoner is the man—his mustachios are now cut off, also his whiskers and beard—there was nobody with him—I took him to be a foreigner, and could not think what he was looking at—he was on a seat, on the right-hand side—he did not get up, but looked very hard at me—I was playing at ball with the child—I went down to the bottom of the garden, and came up again—he was then on a seat on the left hand—he looked at me very hard—I came straight out of the garden—I know Miss Emily Hopper, she had been in the garden that Monday, and spoke to mistress's child, on the left-hand side of the garden—on the next day I went to the gardens again, and saw the prisoner and a woman with him, about the middle of the gardens—the woman stopped me and said, "What a pretty child"—I said, "Yes, ma'am"—she asked me the little girl's name"—I said, "Fanny Puddick"—the prisoner then asked me, was not Mrs. Puddick a friend of Mrs. Hopper's—I said I did not know, as I had not been there long—he then asked, was not that Mrs. Puddick that lived round in Porchester-terrace?—I said "No; Mrs. Puddick, my mistress, lives here, facing the gardens"—he then asked, "Was not that Miss Hopper speaking to the little girl in the gardens yesterday?"—I said, "Yes, sir"—he then asked how many Miss Hoppers there were—I said I only knew two, Miss Emily and Miss Jessie—he asked their names before I told him—then he asked if there were any more—I said, "I do not know"—the woman then asked the child to kiss her, and she did not like at first—he said no more, and I passed on—I recollect his telling the woman that was Miss Hopper speaking to the child yesterday in the gardens.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate? A. No; I told Mr. Mills, a friend of mistress's, what I knew, five or six weeks ago, who came there—I believe he had seen this in the newspaper—Mr. Hopper had made no communication to me.

Q. Now do you mean, on your oath, you have no doubt that is the man? A. Why it is between five and six weeks ago—I cannot say exactly; he had a blue coat and white trowsers—I think he is a large make.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you believe him to be the man? A. Why he had a broad face, and I do not think the prisoner has—I did not look at him, exactly, not to know him, as I ought to know him, in the gardens—he seems to be altered, if he is the man—he was much stouter—he had his hat on when I saw him.





MARY CHANDLER
. I am the wife of Richard Chandler, coachman to Mr. Hopper. I live with my husband at the stables—on Thursday night, the 20th of July, between nine and ten o'clock, there was a ring at the stable bell—I answered it, and found the prisoner at the gate—I am sure he is the man—it was not very dark—the lamps are near—I did not open the gate, but looked through the hatch—I did not notice whether he had a beard on—I looked through the rail, and saw only the upper part of his face—he gave me a

note, which I gave to Ellen, the housemaid—this is it—I saw him at the police-office, and said I was sure he was the man—I heard him speak there, and knew his voice.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it by his voice you recognize him? A. His voice and appearance—when I went in, I said, "That is the man"—he was not pointed out at all—he was sitting down in the police-court in custody—I was fetched there by Shaw, the housemaid—she told me the man was taken—she did not say it was a man with a great beard—I did not know he had a beard before I went to the office—I had no conversation with Ellen about him—all she said was, the man for bringing the note was taken up—I was taken quite at a nonplus—it wanted twenty minutes to ten o'clock when I received the note—I know that, as my husband wanted me not to answer the bell, as he thought it a runaway ring—I looked at the clock before I went—I gave the note to Ellen immediately.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you were sent for to the police-office, did you know you were going? A. Not till I was fetched—the prisoner was sitting there, and another man by him—I believe there were several waiting in the office—I pointed him out myself, and am sure he is the man.





MISS EMILY HOPPER
. I am the eldest daughter of Mr. Thomas Hopper. I live with him, opposite Kensington-gardens—he is an architect—the family consists of my sister Jessalina and my brother—our house faces the broad walk of Kensington-gardens—I and my sister were in the habit of frequently walking there—on the 10th or 11th of July I received a letter by post, which I destroyed, but I made a copy of it—before that, I had heard of the servant making an inquiry whether my sister had lost anything—I took no notice of the letter—I remember the 20th July, the day on which a letter was left at the house—I can recognize the prisoner perfectly well—I saw him on that 20th July, about half-past nine in the morning, in Kensington-gardens—I was at home—I saw him from the window commanding a view of the gardens—he was on one of the seats in the gardens with a female—his appearance is very much altered since that, his hair has been removed from his face—I have not the least doubt of him—soon after I observed them, the same woman I saw in his company, came to the door of the house—she did not ring the bell at first—I cannot say whether she saw me at the window—she spoke to the servant—about the middle of that day I was in Albion-street, near our house—I saw the woman again, and the prisoner with her—on the evening of the 20th July I received this packet from the housemaid—I found a letter inside the outer envelope, addressed to me—this is it—and another letter inside it in a sealed envelope, this is it—I opened them both—my sister had left town the morning the letters arrived—a family named Ross live next door to us, and we are on habits of intimacy—on the 28th of July this letter arrived by post at my father's house, in the envelope as it is now.

COURT. Q. Why did you copy a letter, and destroy the original? A. I thought it an extraordinary letter when I read it—it mentioned about a dress of Lady Somerset—I tore it up, but thought it so strange, I afterwards collected the pieces, and copied it.





JAMES WOODHOUSE
. I am a clerk in the house of Coutts and Co., bankers. I live at 9, Cobourg-place, and am acquainted with Mr. Hopper's family—I had some conversation with the young ladies on the subject of the annoyance they had been exposed to, and on Saturday, the 29th of July, I saw the prisoner opposite the house on the other side of the Bays water-road, looking up at Mr. Hopper's window, moving about in a very bold, impudent, swaggering manner, which attracted my attention—I went over towards Mr. Hopper's house—the prisoner has been shaved since that—at that time he was very

much like a foreigner, having a beard from his chin, and mustacnios on his lips—I only went inside Mr. Hopper's gate—I think the prisoner did not see me go in—I tried to prevent him—I merely went to the side door, and asked if that was him—I came out in a moment, and he had got nearly a mile before I overtook him, towards London—there was a woman with him—I gave him in charge of a policeman, whom a gentleman sent for—I said I gave him in charge for writing and sending these letters to Miss Hopper—he begged me to walk two or three steps from the policeman, to speak to me—I did so, and he entreated me, for my sake, and my sister's sake, not to have him taken by a policeman—he called me Mr. Hopper, and told me to consider the feelings of my family, for the lady's name would be published in the newspaper if he was tried—he assured me he was employed by Mr. Bell, a respectable gentleman, to indict this house, and he assured me he would subpoena my sister—I said several times to the policeman and himself that he had sent scandalous letters to this family, and he did not deny it—he said, "Yes, yes, but consider yourself, consider your sisters"—the woman went to the station-house—she begged in his presence not to be taken, saying she had only delivered the letter, it was very hard she should be taken for only delivering the letter, and having nothing to do with the writing, and he said, if I persisted in having the woman takes, he begged I would first take the witnesses to her house, and have it settled there, that she kept a house in Somerset-street, and was the landlady.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you were somewhat excited? A. Yes, as I had a hard run—I was not otherwise excited—I cannot recollect my exact words—I charged him with writing scandalous letters—he took me aside, and said, "Yes, yes, &c."—he had denied writing them before the policeman—I then said he was a villain, or something, to write such infamous letters to girls, when he had appealed at the same moment to my pity for this woman—he said, "Yes, yes, but consider yourself and the young ladies"—I do not mean to say that he explicitly denied it, but you worry and agitate me so, and I have been worried and agitated enough—I had not spoken to the prisoner previously to giving him into custody—I had walked by his side—he perfectly knew that I was accompanying him—he did not speak to me, nor I to him—I asked a gentleman on horseback to go for a policeman—I was walking with him about twenty minutes or more.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Why was it you kept walking with him till a policeman came? A. In hopes that I could irritate him to take hold of me, and then I could have taken the law into my own hands—as soon as I saw the policeman I gave him into custody—it was at the time I called the policeman that he called me a step or two aside to speak to me—it was when I said he was a villain, and had sent these scandalous letters to the family, that he said "Yes, yes"—he used that expression a great many times.

Q. Was the observation "Yes, yes, but consider yourself and the family," in answer to your suggestion that he had written infamous letters, or in answer to a suggestion that he had had no pity on the family? A. They were both connected, it was in answer to both.

COURT. Q. Did you, in the course of the conversation with him, speak to him of having written infamous letters to the family? A. Yes, he only replied to that, by begging of me to think of myself and my sisters.





HENRY PHILLIPS
. I am clerk to the justice, and acted in that capacity at the prisoner's examination on this charge—he made several remarks during the examination—at the end of Miss Emily Hopper's examination the whole of the letters were read—the prisoner said, "The letter signed by Mr. Bell I have had nothing whatever to do with; I have witnesses to prove that I was not in or near Derby-terrace on Thursday week"—the examination was on Saturday,

the 29th of July—the Thursday week before that would be the 20th—when James Powell, the constable, was examined, and referred to a letter which was not read at that moment, the prisoner said, "That letter I admit, it is signed George William Hamilton"—Powell was examined by the prisoner—I will read what he stated: "I am a constable of the C division, 186; I did not hear much that you said, but I heard you say you wished to settle it; at the station-house he (Mr. W.) said he would not charge the woman; then you wished him to press the charge; the woman seemed to be glad to get away; you did not say before he charged the woman, he had better take his witnesses to her house to be satisfied whether she was the woman or not; you said you had written a letter to a gentleman, saying you should subpoena his daughter, as she could give important evidence respecting the house; I did not hear you say you wrote any other letter."—Then the prisoner said, "That letter I admit, it is signed George William Hamilton"—this is the letter I that was then produced and read—at the end of the first day's examination, I think, it was proposed for him to be remanded, and he said, if he was, he should have witnesses to prove that he was not near Derby-terrace—he mentioned Mr. Bell several times—he said on one occasion that he had been employed by Mr. Bell—I never heard him say he should produce Mr. Bell—I do not remember that he said who Mr. Bell was—he was remanded, and brought up a week after—he did not then produce any witness—Mr. Flower, the attorney, appeared for him on that occasion.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Miss Hopper in Court on the first occasion? A. The prisoner said, "Miss Jessie Hopper is here; she had better be put into the witness box"—I did not see him point to any one—nothing was said denying her presence.
(Letters read):—"Miss Emily Hopper. (Private.) Madam, I inclose you a letter for your sister Jessie; and if you have the least regard for her reputation, as well as that of your own, you will forward it to her immediately; for I tell you that your characters depend entirely on her answer to it, and that answer must be sent to me before twelve o'clock on Tuesday next. If you wish to read my letter to your sister, you can do so; but if it is shown to any other person, her character is blasted. She knows what I mean, and I dare say you do the same; at all events, you can guess the cause of her being sent into the country. If this fails in reaching you, I shall send one through the channel of Mr. Ross's family. Your obedient, RBELL. All communications must now be sent to me at 39, Somerset-street, Portman-square. You are perfectly at liberty to show this to your father or your brother; but if you do, Jessie is for ever damned, in fact, the whole family; therefore judge well before you act rashly."

The letter addressed to Miss Jessie Hopper was as follows:—"Do not flatter yourself that, by going into the country, you will avoid the necessity of paying me. I assure you you will find out your mistake; and the longer you defer it, the more you will eventually have to pay, for my time is valuable. I saw you leave Derby-terrace this morning, and one of my men accompanied you to the end of your journey, and will remain there until I relieve him. It certainly appears as though you cared very little about your reputation, or indeed that of your family, or you would have made some proposal to buy my secret long before this; but perhaps you have not fully understood me. I will, therefore, be as plain as possible with you; and I expect you will give me a decisive answer before twelve o'clock on Tuesday next. You must be aware that I have been at great expense in watching your movements for so long a time; and what I now have to ask is this—will you pay me for the expense and trouble I have been at, and keep all a secret, or will you refuse to pay

me, and hare all your friends know your mishaps? Your father, I suspect, knows it, by his removing you from home; but whether or not, I shall tell him all, as well as the rest of your friends and neighbours, unless you pay me for holding the secret. I have used you too well; for had it been some persons, they would have at once disclosed all; but I feel anxious to give you a chance of saving your reputation from utter ruin, and yet you neglect the opportunity I have given you. My object was merely to wish to save your character from being blasted; but if you don't care about it, let me know, and I shall apply elsewhere. Perhaps you think that my word alone will not be credited; but I am fully prepared for this, as I have several witnesses, all of them respectable householders, ready to identify you, should my word be doubted; but I know you dare not compel me to produce them. At present none of them know who you are, or where you live, but all of them can identify you from a hundred others. In fact, one of them is a gentleman living exactly opposite the house; both him and his wife saw you several times, and he knows both your face and that of your friends. You had better let him see this, and hear what he says. I don't suppose he would like the affair known either by your father or in the public papers; but this will be the case, I assure you, unless my expenses are immediately paid. I do not wish to compel you to pay me, if you do not feel anxious to do so, as I am quite sure of being paid by some one or another. I merely give you the chance of purchasing my secret, which you will admit is worth knowing, This is very kind on my part; but, as I said before, I would rather sell my secret to you, and save you from ruin, than sell it to others, who would expose you and your family. However, do just as you please. Should you not write before twelve o'clock on Tuesday, I will explain all to your father and your brother, besides all your friends, both in the neighbourhood and elsewhere. Besides, the editor of the Satirist newspaper would gladly purchase a secret so well authenticated as mine is. This certainly would amuse your friends. Your having neglected to write has compelled me to send this to your sister Emily; and if she reads it, it will be your fault. You know my determination, and I will only refrain from exposing you when you have made me some offer for the expense and trouble I have been at. In case I am out of town, you must write to me, 'care of Mr. Hamilton, 39, Somerset-street, Portman-square.'—P. S. Your sister has carried a very high head with my messenger; but I dare say, when all is known, she will be glad to hold it a little lower. An advertisement may perhaps bring you to your senses."
"To Mr. Hopper.—Somerset-street, Portman-square, July 27.—Sir, I beg to inform you, that I have received instructions from Mr. Robert Bell, of George-street, to subpoena a daughter of yours, Miss Jessie Hopper, as a witness against a brothel in this street, which Mr. Bell and others have authorized me to indict at the ensuing Session, and which brothel your daughter has frequently visited during the last two months, in company with an officer, who will also have to appear as a witness for the prosecution. As I imagine you are ignorant of these proceedings, I have thought that the better plan would be to inform you of Mr. Bell's intentions, before any further steps are taken, in so disagreeable a case; and I would advise you to put yourself in communication with Mr. B. immediately, as it is his present determination, in case I should not be able to serve your daughter with a summons, to produce his witnesses in Court, to prove that your daughter visited the house for an immoral purpose, Therefore, whether she appears in Court or not, the exposure will be equally as great. I should not have given you this notice, had it not been mentioned to me, that your family are highly respectable, and actuated by a wish to

save you all from so disagreeable an affair—I trust you will give me credit for having done so;—remaining, sir, yours most obediently,

"G. W. HAMILTON."






SAMUEL JARMAN
. I am clerk to Mr. Humphreys, the solicitor for the prosecution—I have searched the roll of attorneys in the Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, from the year 1810, down to the present time, and in the Exchequer, since attorneys have been admitted to practise there, and do not find any person named G. W. Hamilton, or George William Hamilton, on either of those rolls.

MISS HOPPER
re-examined. My sister Jessie is very ill indeed, and quite unable to attend here—she is confined to her bed by illness, and has been so ever since she was at the Police-court.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did you see her last? A. This morning—she is at Bayswater.

COURT. Q. Is she able to attend here? A. No, she is not—she went out of town on the 20th of July, for three or four days—she was at the Police-office on the 29th, when the prisoner was examined—she was not examined—she has been very ill ever since—she was taken very seriously ill that evening, and has kept her bed ever since—a medical man attended her.





MR. WILLIAM WADHAM COPE
. I am governor of the gaol of Newgate—the prisoner was brought in on the 5th of August—he then had a beard and moustachios—his appearance is very much altered since then—last Monday I saw him in the cell-yard, and drew the attention of the Sheriffs to him—he had then been shaved, and had a handkerchief tied round his face—I observed to him that he had shaved himself, that the turnkey had put into my hand a knife, which I produced, and I asked how he had got it into the gaol, as it is the practice to search prisoners, when they are brought in, to take from them any weapon they may have about them—he said that he had it at the New-prison, scraping his nails with, and that a prisoner there told him he would not be allowed to bring it into Newgate, but if he was desirous of doing so, he could put him up to a plan by which he might effect it, and that was, by concealing the blade between the sole of his boot, which he told me he had done, and had come in with it in that way—he said that was the knife with which he had shaved himself.

Cross-examined. Q. We understand his beard was very remarkable indeed? A. It was, it covered nearly the whole of his face, but was rather thin in places—it was such, that seeing the face for a moment would certainly excite my attention.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

