



2725. 




CHARLES GLASSOP
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of September, 1 saucer, value 1d.; 3 half-crowns, 5 shillings, 4 sixpences, and 3 groats, the property of 



Thomas Saunderson; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS SAUNDERSON
. I live in Flower and Dean-street, Spitalfields. About twelve o'clock on Sunday night, the 10th of September, the prisoner came to my shop—I am sure he is the man—he asked for sixpenny-worth of eggs—my niece, Mary Ann Morley, was sitting on the steps when he came in—she got up, and came on the other side of the counter, and said she had got no eggs—I was in the room, but did not go into the shop—I heard my niece call and went in—the prisoner had then left—I followed and saw him'about fifty yards off running—I caught him about 200 yards off in Went worth-street—I asked him for the saucer of money that he had taken out of my till—he said he had never been in my shop—he walked by my side about fifty yards, he then darted away from me into a lodging-house in Rose-lane—I stopped at the door, and in a few minutes the policeman came by—I told him—he went and brought the prisoner out of the lodging-house—I am sure he is the same person—I did not lose sight of him, except when he went into the house—the saucer was in the till—I had seen it about half-past ten the same evening—it is not here.





MARY ANN MORLEY
. The prosecutor is my uncle—I live with him. On Sunday night, the 10th of September, a little before twelve o'clock, the prisoner came to the shop and asked for sixpenny-worth of eggs—I told him I had not got any—as I was going round the counter I saw him open the till

and take the saucer out, in which the money was kept—he put the silver into his hand, and went out of the shop directly with it—I called my uncle—he went after him—I saw him again at the station—he is the same person—I can swear to him—I had never seen him before—I was examined at the office, and put my mark to this paper—it was read over to me (read)—"I am quite sure he is the same man—I have often seen him before."





HENRY BURNETT
 (police-constable H 77.) I was on duty—I went into the house and brought out the prisoner—I found three sixpences, a tobacco-box, and 13s. 4d. on him.

Prisoner's Defence. I was on the ruins and saw two men running; one of them said, "Give Mr. Saunderson his money;" I said, "What money? I have got no money;" I went home, came out again, and the prosecutor was talking to the policeman; he took me.





JAMES BROWN
 (police-constable K 48.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

