




210. 




WILLIAM HICKEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously killing and slaying William-M'Carthy.






MICHAEL CLEARY
. On 6th June, about five o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner and M'Carthy fighting—Hickey had a knife in his hand—I attempted to separate them, and saw McCarthy make a blow at Hickey—I interfered, and got M'Carthy away—he told me he was stabbed, and put his band under his smock, and showed me the blood.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. They were neither of them sober? A. I do not believe they were—I was not there at the commencement—Mrs. Hickey was in the row, near her husband—she was not fighting.





DANIEL HEALET
. I saw the prisoner and deceased close, but I cannot say whether they struck each other—I saw Hickey draw a knife from his pocket and open it—he told M'Carthy if he did not go away, it would be the worse for him, or something to that effect—he made over to M'Carthy, who struck him; but whether Hickey returned the blow or not I cannot say—M'Carthy ran up the lane, and Hickey and the mob followed him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any woman? A. Mrs. Hickey was there—I do not know whether she had been insulted by M'Carthy, or how the row began.





WILLIAM PARKINSON
. I am sergeant-major in the East India Company's service. The deceased was a recruit—I saw him at University Hospital several times—I saw him in July, at the depot barracks.





CHARLES BLOXON
. I am a surgeon. On 27th June I saw M'Carthy, and attended him until 12th Nov., when be died—I examined his body; death was caused by abscess of the left lung—the injury to the lung might have been caused by a wound with a knife—on 27th June there appeared to have been an injury over the left lung, between the sixth and seventh ribs.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the knife penetrate the lung? A. I bad no means of ascertaining till after death, and then the lung was entirely decomposed—the abscess might have begun to form about the beginning of July—I should say there was no abscess when he first came under my treatment, because I tried him with the tests when he passed as a recruit, on 27th June—I did not sound him—that would be the way to ascertain whether there was an abscess—I should put my ear to his back, and strike his breast; and if not satisfied, I should use the stethoscope—I did not use any of those methods when I examined him about 2d July—I found a derangement of the lungs—an abscess is different from an ulcer; abscesses frequently occur in the lungs without external injury—I have known an instance of abscess in the lungs from a wound with a sharp instrument—I cannot say that the wound reached the lungs—he was a strong, healthy-looking man, and I think full-blooded, but he had lost a good deal of blood then—he was twenty-one or twenty-two years old.

COURT. Q. Was he put on duty before his death? A. No.





HENRY SEARLE GATE
. I am a surgeon, of University College Hospital. M'Carthy was brought there on 6th June—I found a wound on his left side, which appeared to have been made with a sharp-pointed instrument, as a knife, between the sixth and seventh rib—I probed it to the depth of an inch and a half, but thought I might do mischief if I probed it further—it was in the region of the lung—he was under my care two or three weeks—he was in considerable danger the first ten days—there was inflammation of the lung and membrane also—the injury would be very likely to occasion an abscess—I should say there was no other cause for it—he was a strong, healthy man.






EBENEZER IRONMONGER
 (policeman). On 6th June I went into the charge-room at the police-station, and saw M'Carthy sitting on a chair—I saw a stab in his left side—I took him outside to see if he could identify the man who did it—he pointed to a man, who I apprehended, and was obliged to let go again—I took the deceased to the hospital—when I took the prisoner, I told him M'Carthy was dead—he said he wished he had given himself tip when he had done it—he was very much distressed, and could scarcely stand.

MR. BLOXON
re-examined. I cannot say in what state the roan was when he left University Hospital—when I received him he was in a very debilitated state from loss of blood—he rallied after being under treatment-the first symptoms of the abscess on the lungs was shivering and general fever; that came on on 2d July—I saw nothing that could have brought that on but the wound—the original wound had healed when he came in, and he said he felt all right, but weak—it was on 6th Aug. that the wound re-opened, and discharged an immense quantity of blood—that would be the effect of the abscess—pus always finds its way externally, and would take the weakest point—I have no reason to think that the abscess was forming before the wound was inflicted; I should say not from the appearance of the man—an abscess would not form immediately from a wound; it is the result of inflammation; it would take time—I do not think any inflammation existed when he arrived at the depot—I dare say the loss of blood had kept it down—I do not think he was discharged from the hospital too soon—I think he was in a convalescent state when he came—he was put into the hospital of the depot immediately—I took him under my charge on 27th July—that was the first time I saw him.

MR. GAYE
re-examined, I saw him when he was brought in, on 6th June—he left on the 22nd, he was then convalescent, and in a fit state to be discharged had he not been going to another hospital—I can imagine no other cause of the abscess but the wound—he had severe inflammation immediately after his admission, and by very severe means that was overcome—he was left in a state of great debility, and at the time of his dismissal there might have been chronic inflammation of the lung, which probably gave rise to the abscess.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

