



201. 




JOHN PRICE
 was indicted

 for stealing 6 pigs, value 6l.; the goods of 




Robert Bignell.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution






ROBERT BIGNELL
, farmer, Southall. On Tuesday, the 3rd of Oct., I went

with eight of my pigs to Brentford—I had not seen the prisoner about the market for a month before, nor given him any authority to do anything with my pigs—I asked Williams to dispose of them, as I had to leave—I did not authorise anybody but him—I sent in the evening, for the purpose of receiving those pigs which had not been sold, and out of the eight I got but one—I afterwards learned that some of my pigs were at Harding's, and I took them away—I did not get a farthing for any of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you known the prisoner previously? A. bad seen him loitering about the market, but never employed him.





WILLIAM WILLIAMS
. I was at Brentford pig market on the 3rd of Oct.—I saw the prosecutor's eight pigs in the pens—he gave me directions to sell them at 1l. a piece, the six best; and if not, 18s. a head for the whole—after he left, I saw Harding in the market—he wanted to buy the pigs—I told him the price was 1l. a piece—he did not agree to buy them—I afterwards saw him in conversation with the prisoner—I went to Harding, and cautioned him that the prisoner had no authority to deal with the pigs—after that, I found that six of the pigs had gone put of the pen—I did not authorise any one to take them, and never received a farthing for them—I do not know how the seventh pig got away—the prosecutor sent to me in the evening for what had not been sold, and then there was but one in the pen.





THOMAS HARDING
. I saw some pigs in Brentford-market, on the 3rd of Oct., and spoke to Williams about them—I afterwards purchased six of them of the prisoner—they were the same pigs—'the prisoner drove them home for me, for which I paid him—an officer came on the 1st of December, and took away these pigs—I paid the prisoner a 5l. note and 6s. for them—this is the note I gave the prisoner—he changed it—I had it from Mr. Dale, the landlady of the Fox and Hounds—it has her writing on it.

cross-examined. Q. Do you know it is the note you gave him, except from what you heard from the landlady? A. No—Williams had not cautioned me against buying of the prisoner—he had not said a word to me after I spoke to him at half-past eleven—the prosecutor took me up oh the Wednesday after the Tuesday, and I have brought an action against him for charging me with being a receiver of stolen goods, knowing them to be stolen.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is the same gentleman who defends the prisoner to bring the action in your name? A. Yes.





JOHN SMITH
 (police-constable T 92.) I am constable on the district in which Brentford is situated—I heard of this charge of stealing the pigs—the prisoner used to live in Old Brentford before this charge—I went to look after him—he was missing nearly a month, and then he was brought to the station by an Oxfordshire constable.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know whether the place in Oxfordshire, where the prisoner came from, was his parish? A. I have not a doubt of it—he was brought out of the poor-house there.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had he been living about Brentford before he went away? A. Since I have been there, six years, and I believe many years before me.





THOMAS HARDING

re-examined. I was with the prisoner when he drove the pigs out of the pen—he drove them down the street, and I walked with him down the street—I paid him in my own yard, when I got home—the toll-man is here who took the toll for the pigs—he stood there when the prisoner opened the pen—no one said a word to me about them—I had bid money for them to the prosecutor's son, and he would not take it—after that the prisoner said, "You had better buy the pigs."






WILLIAM WILLIAMS

re-examined. I was in view of the pigs, but Harding said be bad bought them, and would have them—he and the prisoner went away with the pigs—the prisoner got into the pen, and drove the pigs out—Harding turned them round—he said if he had done wrong, Bignell knew where to find him, he had bought them of Price—that was in Price's hearing.




GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Seven Years.

