



509. 




GEORGE PARKHOUSE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of December, 1 handkerchief, value 12s., the goods of 



Gordon Roche Lynch, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GORDON ROCHE LYNCH
. I live in King-street, Snow-hill. On Wednesday evening, the 22nd of December, between six and seven o'clock, I was in St. John's-lane, and felt a pull at my great-coat pocket—I turned round, missed my handkerchief, and found the prisoner immediately behind me—I said, "You young rascal, you have taken my handkerchief"—he said, "Me, sir! me, sir!" and jumped into the road—I jumped after him, seized him by the collar, and saw a tall young man running away towards the City—I said to the prisoner, "Come along with me"—he said, "Let go, and I will go along with you"—I let go of him, and after going a few yards, he ran up a court-way—I ran after him, seized him in the court-way, and brought him along into St. John-street—I could not find a policeman for a minute or so—some of the crowd said, "Give him a hiding, and let him off"—I struck him with my hand, and said, "Go about your

business"—just as he was passing from me, a policeman dashed after him, and took him—I have not found my handkerchief—no one was near me but the prisoner at the time I felt the snatch—the other boy must have been immediately behind the prisoner—when I turned round he was about ten or twelve yards off, running at the top of his speed, towards the City—no one was within reach of me but the prisoner at the time I felt the snatch.





EDWARD OTTER
. I live at No. 35, Red Lion-street. I saw Mr. Lynch on this evening—I did not see the prisoner take the handkerchief, but I saw him throw it to another boy, who ran off towards the City.





RICHARD WALKER
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was given into my charge.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not touch the gentleman's pocket, or go near him; a boy who was before me, picked his pocket and ran away; the prosecutor said I had his handkerchief, but a gentleman who was coming by said it was not me that touched the gentleman's pocket.





JOHN DIXON
 (City police-constable, No. 601.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, in the name of George Gardiner—(read)—I was present at his trial, and am quite sure he is the same person.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

