




135. 




RICHARD GOWER
 and 




JOHN DAVIS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of November, 3 bags, value 6d.; 9 sovereigns, 5 half-sovereigns, 16 crowns, 273 half-crowns, 1269 shillings, 780 six-pences, and 42 fourpenny pieces; the property of 




Thomas Woodward and another; and that Gower had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS WOODWARD
. I am a miller and flour-factor. I live in St. Martin's-leGrand, and am in partnership with my son—on the 16th of November, I was out with my gig collecting money—I put the money I collected into a bag under the seat of my gig—about half-past twelve o'clock at noon, I was stopping at a baker's shop at Hoxton—the cushion was on the seat, and the apron over it—I left no one in the gig—I was not in the shop a minute and a half, in fact, I was not in the shop, but on the step—I was told that I had lost my bag, and I then missed it—I think it contained 133l. 5s. 6d. in sovereigns, half-sovereigns, crowns, half-crowns, shillings, sixpences, and fourpenny pieces—in consequence of what a gentleman told me, I ran down a court close by, and before I got to the bottom of the court, I met the two prisoners coming up—I laid Hold of Gower—he asked me what I laid hold of him for—I said I suspected he had been robbing me—he said, "I have got nothing of yours, I am only a working mechanic going home to my dinner"—Davis went by me, and I called out "Stop thief "—I saw him stopped by a baker's man, at the top of the court—I still kept hold of Gower, and when I got him to the top of the court, he said,' "For God's sake don't collar me as I go across the street; your money is safe at the baker's shop"—I had not then said any thing to him about the baker's shop, or where I had lost my money—after they were in custody, the bag and its contents were shown to me—the bag is here, and it contained the money stated.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You found your money at the baker's shop as Gower had said? A. Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When you placed this bag under the seat was it visible to any body? A. No, the apron of the cushion

covered it—the last place I put money into the bag was in Brick-lane, about half-a-mile from where I lost it.





MARY ANN HARRIS
. I keep a pastry-cook's shop in Hoxton New Town. On the 16th of November, about noon, I was at my door, and saw the prosecutor's horse and gig standing at the baker's, which is the second shop from me—after he had left the gig and gone to the baker's, I saw Davis go to the gig—he took a bag from under the seat—he took it across the road and gave it to Gower, and said to Gower, "For God's sake run"—the prisoners then went down the court together out of my sight—Mr. Woodward came up in about a minute and a half, and I saw a gentle-man speak to him—Mr. Woodward went across, down the court after the two prisoners—he returned with one of them in hold, and some other person had the other—I have no doubt but that the prisoners are the men.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you quite sure of Davis? A. I am—quite certain he is the man who took the bug—I am positive I saw the bag in his hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You saw them but a very short time? A. It was about a minute and a half altogether.





JOHN SWINTON
. I live in Castle-place, Kingsland, and am in the service of Mr. Sutton. I was in Hoxton about noon on the 16th of November—I was in the court opposite the baker's shop—it is called Windsor-place, and saw Gower come down at a quick walk, carrying a bag before him—there was another person with him, but I did not notice him sufficiently to swear to him—they went down to the bottom of the place as far as I could see—they then returned without the bag—there is a passage through there, but it is for the accommodation of the householders only—I saw Mr. Woodward take hold of one of them—I did not see the other stopped—there was a young man with Mr. Woodward—he went down the court in the direction the prisoners went, returned and brought the bag up with him—I did not see where he put it.





WILLIAM MATTHEWS
. I live in Windsor-place. About noon on the 16th of November, I was looking out of my window—I saw the two prisoners come down close together, and one of them was looking over his shoulder suspiciously—Gower had a round jacket on and a bag in his hand, which seemed to have something heavy in it—when they had got about three-parts down the court, I saw Mr. Woodward come after them, and several others with him—I went down to my door and saw the two prisoners coming back—they had not got the bag then—it was similar to the one produced.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Can you tell the weight of a bag by looking at it? A. No, it appeared 30lbs. or 40lbs. weight.





NATHANIEL M'COLE
 (police-constable N 53.) I was on duty on the spot, and took the prisoners into custody—I sent for further assistance—Gower said "Let me go, I am a respectable man"—I said, "We cannot let any one go till I have got further assistance"—Davis said, "I am not a prisoner"—I said, "You are, and you will remain there"—I found in the bag nine sovereigns, five half-sovereigns, and the rest of the money stated, amounting to 133l. 5s. 6d. this is the bag—the Magistrate allowed the prosecutor to have the money.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) On the 16th of November, about twelve o'clock, I was in the neighbourhood of Shoreditch Church— I saw the prosecutor go by in his gig—soon after the two prisoners passed

me, and went towards Hoxton Town, the game way that the prosecutor had gone—in a short time I was told that I was wanted—I went to the place, and found M'Cole in charge of Gower—I saw Davis at the back of the shop—I went and picked him out—I said, "Here is another of them"—the bag and its contents were found at the baker's shop—I did not see the gentleman who gave information—he left his name, but not his address, and I could not find him.

Cross-examined by—MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You have known Davis and his family some time? A. Yes, I have a slight knowledge of him—I never knew any thing against him.





WILLIAM NORMOYLE
 (police-sergeant H 15.) I produce a certificate of Gower's former conviction—(read)—he is the man who was tried—I was present at the trial.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you sure he is the same person? A. Yes, there is no doubt about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. A. Do you know the other man? A. Yes, by appearance, but I cannot say any thing against him.

GOWER—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Twelve Months.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
