



2590. 




MARY ANN GALLIVAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of August, 1 pair of boots, value 17s.; 2 veils, value 6s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 bag, value 1s.; 1 snuff-box, value 4s.; 1 blind, value 1s.; 1 box of dominos, value 2s.; 2 spoons, value 1s.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 1 pocket, value 6d.; 1 brush, value 6d.; 3 boxes, value 1s. 6d.; 1 umbrella, value 5s.; 1 salt-cellar, value 1s.; 3 knives, value 10d.; 1 fork, value 2d.; 2 fans, value 2s.; 3 collars, value 5s. 6d.; 1 inkstand, value 1s.; 1 flounce, value 4s. 1 gown, value 1s. 6d.; 1 bottle, value 4d.; 1 pelerine, value 1s.; and 3 buckles, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Horwood.






ELEANOR HORWOOD
. I am the wife of Thomas Horwood; we live in Star-court, Southwark. On Friday, the 13th of August, I and my husband were in Farringdon-street—the prisoner, whom I did not know, came and asked if I could tell her where she could get a lodging—I said no, I was a stranger—she said she was a servant, and had had a few words with her mistress, had just left her place, she had no friends in London, and if she was in the street all night she should die—I told my husband—he said

if I liked her to go home and sleep with me, he would sleep with a young man, as he did not like a young woman to be out all night—I took her home, and she slept with me—on the Monday morning following my husband went out, and told me to meet him in the evening—the prisoner had said that she was going to a place on the Monday, but she did not go—about eight o'clock that evening she said she would go the next day—she said she was sleepy, and told me, when I went to my husband, to take the key, as she should go to bed, which she did—I left her asleep, I thought, and went out about nine—I came back about eleven—she was then gone, and all the articles stated—some of them are here—she had this veil on when she was taken—it is mine—she took all she could well take, but there was no more candle, and she could not see to take more.





PHILIP PILGRIM
 (police-sergeant F 29.) I took the prisoner. I found on her arm a bag, and this veil was on her bonnet—these other things I found in her box, in King-street, Drury-lane—she told me her box was there.





CATHERINE CONNER
. I live in King-street, Drury-lane. The prisoner lodged with me twice before this time—when she left her situation the brought her box to me—I showed her box to the officer, and saw it opened—this shift, snuff-box, and a small cape were in it.

Prisoner. I never saw the prosecutrix till she gave me into custody; I went out with a young woman, and bought these things and the reticule of a woman for 4d.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
