



1736. 




ANN WILLIAMS, alias
 Mary Ann Davis,

 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit half-crown, on the 
4th of May, she having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the mint—I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of a person named Ann Williams, alias Davis—I have examined it with the original record, it is a true copy (read,)





WILLIAM MARTIN
. (police-constable, P. 250.) I was present here in 1836 when Ann Williams was tried and convicted for uttering a counterfeit sixpence—the prisoner is the person.

examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure she is the person? A. Yes—I have not seen her since 1836 till the present time.





RACHEL WHITESIDE
. I am the wife of John Whiteside, who keeps the Coopers' Arms, West-street, Smithfield—on Wednesday night, the 4th

of May, a few minutes before ten o'clock, the prisoner and another female named Catherine O'Hara came to my bar—the prisoner called for a pint of half-and-half, which came to 2 1/2 d., and paid for it in halfpence—she immediately called for half a quartern of gin, which came to 2d.—I served her—she handed me half-a-crown over the bar, and I gave her 2s. 4d. change—I pat the half-crown into the till—there was no other half-crown there—I had no other half-crown in the bar—in about twenty minutes the prisoner and O'Hara came in again, and stood in the tame place—the prisoner called for a pint of half-and-half, and when I pat it before her she called for a quartern of gin out of the bottle—she laid down half-a-down on the counter—I saw it was not a good one, and as I took it up I said, "What have you got here? this won't do"—a young man who was there said, "Let me see it"—I handed it over to him, and be said in the prisoner's presence, "It is very bad indeed," he gave it to me back and told me to give it her back, which I did, and told her it was a bad one, and I could not take it—the then said, "I must pay for the half and-half in halfpence, and we cannot have the gin"—as I was taking the gin from the counter, it struck me that the half-crown I had previously taken of the prisoner might be bad—I put on my spectacles, opened the till, took out the half-crown, and found it was bad—there was only that one half-crown, one shilling, and two sixpences in the till—I went up to the prisoner and said, "Now this is the half-crown you gave me"—she said, she had not given it to me/neither had she been in the house before, that night—I said, "It is not a quarter of an hour since you were here, both of you"—she began to be a little abusive—I said, "I believe you are regular smashers, I shall send for an officer and give you into custody," which I did—I gave the first half-crown I received from the prisoner to inspector Martin.

Cross-examined. Q. Who was in the house besides yourself? A. Larkins and several others—Larkins went for the policeman, he was not gone three minutes—I bolted the door, and would let no one in or out till he returned with the policeman—I had never seen the prisoner before she passed the first half-crown, that I know of—working men frequent our house, we have not a great many women—my husband has forbidden all bad characters the house for the last three months—they used to frequent that house—I did not mark the first half-crown when I put it into the till—no one came into the house between the first and second times of the women coming—a young man who works at Mr. Galloway's was in the bar with his wife, one of my lodgers who is a butcher, and Larkins—they were there both times the women came.





THOMAS LARKINS
. I am a potman—I was at the bar of the Cooper's Arms on the 4th of May—the prisoner and another woman came in and had a pint of half-and-half, and a half quartern of gin—I saw the prisoner put down half-a-crown to pay for it—I staid there for a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—I saw no one come in till the same women returned again—they then had a pint of half-and-half, and called for a quartern of gin—I saw the prisoner offer a half-crown in payment—I heard Mrs. Whiteside say, "What have you got here? that won't do," and she handed the half-crown over to me—I told her it was a very bad one—I handed it back to Mrs. Whitesides, and she returned it to the prisoner—she then found the other half-crown which she had previously taken was bad, and charged them with being regular smashers—I went for a policeman, reurned with Smith, and the prisoners were given into custody.


Cross-examined. Q Had you ever seen the prisoner there before? A. No—I was out ot place at this time—I was on my way home, and went into the Cooper's Arms to get half-a-pint of beer—I was there about half-an-hour—I am positive it was the prisoner that offered the half, crown.





STEPHEN SMITH
. (City policeman, No. 254.) I was sent for to the Cooper's Arms* and took the prisoner and O'Hara into custody—I received this half-crown from inspector Martin.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you kept it in your possession ever since? A. Yes—it was marked before it was given to me—I am positive this is the same.





JOSEPH MARTIN
. I am a police inspector—I received a half-crown from Mrs. Whiteside, which I gave to Smith.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you receive it from her? A. At the station-house—I saw her mark it and immediately gave it to Smith—Mn. Whiteside marked it on the head side, and the policeman marked it on the other side.





SUSANNAH DROVER
. I searched the prisoner at the station, I found on her a bad half-crown, two good sixpences, and 3 1/2 d. in copper—while I was searching her I saw her take some money out of her pocket—as I was attempting to take it from her some of it tell on the floor—she put a shilling into her mouth and swallowed it

Cross-examined. Q. How can you tell it was a shilling she swallowed? A. Because I saw it in her band—it was not a lozenge—she held it between her fingers, and put it into her mouth—it was done instantaneously, or I should not have allowed her to do it—she took it out of her pocket.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint. These two half-crowns are both counterfeit, and both cast in the same mould.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—



Transported for Ten Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

