





103. 



HENRY BRAMALL, alias
 Beaumont

, was indicted

 for bigamy.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE SOWRAY
. I am a clerk in the Registrar-general's Office. I produce the book of licenses for marriages—here is a license for Princes-street Chapel, Devonport, in the district of Stoke Damarel, in the county of Devonshire—it is an Independent Chapel—it is dated 18th Aug., 1837—there is nothing to alter the registration of that place.





JOSEPH ELMS
. I am superintendent-registrar of marriages at Stoke Damarel, Devonshire. I produce a book from the registry, which contains the register of Princes-street Chapel, in East Stoke Damarel district, on the 18th Aug., 1837—I also produce the register of marriage there—on the 28th Aug., 1839, Henry Edward Bramall and Rebecca Coath, of full age, bachelor and spinster, were married according to the rites of the Scotch Church, by Alexander Fletcher, minister pro tern.





JOHN DIAMOND
. I live at Swansea. On 18th Aug., 1839, I was at Devonport—I was present at the marriage of the prisoner to Miss Coath—I signed the register—I saw her alive about two years since.





REV. ALEXANDER FLETCHER
. In Aug., 1839, I was officiating as minister in Princes-street Chapel, Devonport—on the 18th Aug. the prisoner was married by me to Rebecca Coath—I performed the ceremony—this is my signature to the register—they applied to me through Mr. Diamond, an acquaintance of his, and maintaining a respectable character.





WILLIAM MIDLAND
. I am a drug agent, and reside in London. I know Rebecca Coath—I saw her on Wednesday week—she is residing with her friends at Liskeard, in Cornwall.





GEORGE HARCOURT STUBBING
. I am clerk to the City Solicitor—I produce

a copy of an entry from the register of marriages in the parish Church of Barnstaple—I examined it word by word at the parish Church—it is a true copy—(read—"March 25, 1843, Henry Beaumont, surgeon, residing at Barnstaple, was mirried to Elizabeth Tinley, by me,—HENRY LUXMORE, Vicar."





JAMES COPELAND
. I am a draper, and live at Barnstaple—I was living there in March 1843—I was present on the 25th March 1843, when the prisoner was married in the name of Henry Beaumont, to Elizabeth Tinley—I signed the book.





ELIZABETH TINLEY
 I was married to the prisoner in March 1843, in the name of Beaumont—he lived with me about three months before he went to sea—he has been to sea and back ever since I knew him—he finally left me twelve months last May—I was then living in Charles-place, Hoxton—when I married him I had so much a year to keep me, and furniture, and plate, and clothes.—he told me he was going to America—he engaged a ship tor, himself and me—my clothes were sent on board—he went and took them ana left me, taking all my money and clothes.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

There were two other indictments against the prisoner for 

marrying 


Hannah Amelia Bland
, and 





Emily Georgina Rose
; to which he pleaded




GUILTY
—


Transported for Seven Years more
.
