




2238. 



JOHN CUSICK
 and 



JAMES CHIDDY
 were indicted for

 feloniouely breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Field, at Lambeth, and stealing therein 1 pencil-case, value 18s. 1 locket, 30s.; and 1 shirt-stud, 1s. 6d.; her goods: 12 spoons, 5l.; 1 fork, 1l.; 1 strainer, 15s.; 1 pepper castor-top, 2s.; 1 mustard-pot, 2l.; 1 scarf, 13s.; and 1 half-sovereign; the property of 



Ann Wanless: to which


CUSICK pleaded 



GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH FIELD.
 I am a widow, and reside at No. 50, Henry-street, Kennington-lane. On Sunday evening, the 19th of Sept., about twenty minutes to seven o'clock, I left home to go to chapel—I left no one in the house—I saw that it was all safe—I locked up both in front and behind myself—I pulled the street-door after me—it has a spring-lock—I brought away the key—I locked the gate of the garden in front of my house, and brought away the key—all the windows were left fast—I was called out of chapel, and got back to my house about half-past seven—I found the garden gate unfastened—the street door was shut, as I had left it—I opened it with my key, and went in—I could not have told that anybody had got in—the door must have been opened by a key—there were no marks of violence—it was not a latch-key, but a large street-door key—I first went into my front parlour, and missed nothing from there—the tea-caddy was laid on the back—parlour table, with the lock hanging to it—there was nothing but the sugar in it—it had been broken open—nothing was taken from it—the drawers in the back parlour had been opened, and the contents were strewed on the floor—I

went into my own chamber, missed a gold pencil-case, a locket, and one shirt-stud—I had a lodger, named Ann Wanless, who had left on the Saturday evening to go into country—I went into her room, and found there had been a visitor there—her writing-desk had the lock broken, the things were strewed on the table, and some articles of plate were gone—I know these articles of plate—(produced)—they belong to Ann Wanless—I had seen them on the premises on the Saturday on which she felt, and they were gone on the Sunday evening—I can swear to all of them—I should say the property exceeds the value of 5l.—these are all silver.





FLORES EMMENS.
 I am single, and live next door to Mrs. Field. On Sunday evening, the 19th of Sept., I remember seeing her go out to chapel—I observed her lock the door and gate—about ten minutes or quarter of an hour after she was gone, I saw two men near her house—I watched them—they stood near our railing, loitered about a little while, then crossed the road, came back again, opened the gate, and went into her house—I do not know how they undid the gate, but I saw them undo the door—they applied some thing to the door, opened it, went in, shut the door after them, and I heard the blinds in the house pulled down—I went for a policeman.





CAROLINE RUSH.
 I am the wife of John Rush, of No. 15, Henry-street, opposite to Mrs. Field's. On this Sunday evening Miss Emmens' sister came across, and told me something; in consequence of which, I looked out towards Mrs. Field's house, and saw the figures of two people moving in the first floor front room—the blinds were drawn down, the candle was on the opposite side of the room they were white holland blinds, and the candle showed their figures—they were removing things constantly to and fro—I could not see the articles they moved—I saw them moving things from the cheffonier in the room—before the policeman came, I saw two persons came out of the house—it was not light enough for me to observe them, but I could see their figures very well—one was a short stout man, and the other tall and thin—I screamed out when I saw them come out—they heard at and attempted to strike my husband, who came up—they ran away—I ran after them—they got out of my sight—I did not see either of them taken—I afterwards saw one of them in the hands of constable Sewry, he resembled the tall man I had seen—I afterwards saw some skeleton keys lying in Mr. Field's garden, and I found just inside the garden the top of a silver cruet.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you undertake to swear whether there were two or three persons in the room? A. Two—I saw them come out—I was standing on the pavement outside my gate, and I could discern two figures—I should say Chiddy was one of those two persons, by this figure—I cannot swear to the face—I will not swear that he was one of the two.





JOHN SEWRY
 (policeman, L 33.) I was on duty in Kennington-lane on this Sunday evening—in consequence of what I heard, I obtained the assistance of another policeman—he went to the back part of Mrs. Field's house, and I went to the front—just before I got to the top of Henry-street I heard a cry of "Stop them, there they go!" and I saw the two prisoners come running up Henry street—Mrs. Rush pointed to the tall one (Chiddy) and desired me to stop him—I stopped him—she said he was one of the two men that were in the house—he said he knew nothing about it—I had laid hold of him at the time—he said, "What do you want to stop me for, I am a respectable man?"—I said, "If you are a respectable man you are my prisoner, and must go to the station"—he asked me what I wanted to take him there for, and resisted very much—I called the assistance of a civilian, who was there, to help me, and took him to the station—before I had him in custody

I saw him throw something away in the shape of a crowbar, or jemmy, I could not exactly see, it was between the lights—he threw it into a garden-gate—after I had lodged him at the station I went back to Mrs. Field's house, and found these five skeleton-keys in her garden—Chiddy must have out at the gate—in the road, I found this top of a winestrainer, a candle, some matches, and these bits of handkerchief—these silver spoons were picked up by another witness, and this life-preserver was given me by a man picked it up over in a garden, in the direction in which I had seen Chiddy throw something—I did not see it found.

Cross-examined. Q. You said he threw something away like a crow bar? A. I would not swear it was a crowbar—I will swear he threw something—the life-preserver was given me next evening—I should have gone to the house that night, but I could not have got in, as the man was in bed—he is not here—Chiddy said that he was in Henry-street making water, and he heard cries of "Murder," and "Stop thief." and that he ran up—when I stopped him, he said he was innocent.





WILLIAM WRSTON
 (policeman, L 65.) On the Sunday evening in question I went toward the back of Mrs. Field's house—I heard a cry that the men had got out—I went round to the front and met Cusick, and took him into custody—I searched him, and found on him this silver mustard-pot, seven desert-spoons, part of a wine-strainer, two salt-spoons, one mustard-spoon, a gold pencil-case, a gold locket, a silver shirt-stud, a knife, and several skeleton-keys—this crowbar was picked up and given to me.





ANN WANLESS.
 I am single, and lodge at Mrs. Field's. I left home on the Saturday before the robbery, and returned on the Wednesday evening—these articles are all mine, except the locket and pencil-case—I left them all safe in my room when I left on Saturday evening.





JOHN SEWRY

re-examined. I was before the Magistrate when Chiddy made a statement that was taken down, read over to him, and signed by the Magistrate—this is Mr. Elliott's signature—(read"The prisoner Chiddy says, I was standing in Henry-street making water; I heard the cry of 'Stop thief!' and 'Murder!' I ran up the street, and the policeman laid hold of me; I asked him what he stopped me for, and said I was innocent of it")—the wine-strainer was picked up in the road four or five yards from Mrs. Field's—I saw both the prisoners running up the middle of the road together—one was on one side of the way, and the other on the other—I did not see Chiddy near spot where anything was found.

CHIDDY



NOT GUILTY.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

