



1041. 



JOHN EVANS
 was indicted

for feloniously forging and uttering, on the 
20th of February, 1 5l. note, with intent to defraud the 

Governor of the Bank of England.—2 other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Charles Button Dixon.



SIR FREDERICK POLLOCK, MR. ADOLPHUS, and
MR. BULLOCK, conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY HEDGES
. I am a boot and shoemaker, and live in Wells-row, Islington. About eleven o'clock, on the evening of the 20th of February, I was in my shop—a person very much resembling the prisoner came in—I believe him to be the same—he asked for a pair of Wellington boots, and agreed to give 20s. for a pair, and offered me a 5l. note—the one now produced is the note, for I wrote on it the name and address he gave me, "Davis, 22, Holloway-place"—I wrote that from his mouth, as the direction he gave, and added my initials, "H. H." to it at the same time—I went out to a neighbour to get change; and in consequence of what the neighbour said, I returned to my shop, and told the prisoner I could not get change for the note—I did not say why, and asked if he had a sovereign in his pocket—he said he had not, but he had 15s., which he gave me—I told him, he had better give me the 15s., and pay the remainder when the boots 'were sent home—he agreed to that, and did so—I returned him his note, and he left the shop—I went with the boots to the direction he gave—the people, I suppose, were all gone to bed—I rang three or four times, but nobody answered—I did not see him again.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who else was in your shop? A. My wife—nobody else—I suspected the note was forged when I returned it to him, but gave him no intimation of it—it was about eleven o'clock at night—I never saw a Bank of England note like this—it would not impose on me.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Perhaps tradesmen are in a hurry on Saturday night, and fatigued? A. Yes—I told the prisoner I would go and get change, but it was not my intention to do so.





ELIZABETH HEDGES
. I am the wile of the last witness. I should not like to swear to the prisoner, but I am pretty sure he is the same person who came on Saturday night, the 20th of February—he was rather fatter in the face, I think, then than now—I saw him again next morning, Sunday—he came to the private door, and knocked—I went to the door—my husband was in bed—it was rather before nine o'clock—he said, "Your husband has not sent my boots"—I said, "My husband took them last night to No. 22, Holloway-place"—he said that was not the place; it was No. 22, some other place, very much like the same sound which he named, but I cannot say what it was—I asked him twice over, but then I could not understand what place it was—I went in, got the boots, brought them to him in the private passage, and gave them to him—he said, he did not much like carrying them along on the Sunday—I asked him if we should send them—he said, "No, thank you, I am going home this morning, I will take them"—he gave me two half-crowns, put the boots in his handkerchief, and took them away.





CHARLES SUTTON DIXON
. I am a boot and shoemaker, in Lowndes-place, Hoiloway-road. On the 20th of February, about half-past eleven o'clock at night, the prisoner came to my shop, and asked for a pair of Wellington-boots—I said, "I don't keep Wellingtons, but I keep Clarence," which I showed him—he tried them on, fixed on a pair at 10s. 6d., and tendered me this piece of paper in payment—I know it, by the writing at the back, "J. Monteith, 7, Brunswick-grove," which he wrote on it in consequence of my asking for his name and direction—it had, "Davis 22, Holloway-place, H. H." on it at that time—I took the note up

stairs, got change out of my cash-box, and gave him 4l. 9s. 6d.—he went away, and took the boot and money—he returned in about seven or ten minutes for his umbrella—I was rather busy that night—I did not look much at the note, as I had two persons in the shop waiting for goods—on Tuesday morning I went to No. 7, Brunswick-grove, but could not find any such person there—I afterwards saw the prisoner in custody, and recognised him as the person who gave me the note.

Cross-examined. Q. You have been in the habit of seeing Bank of England notes? A. I have in the course of my life, but not many in my business—if I had had time to look at it, I should not have taken it for a genuine note, but I was hurried, and did not look at it particularly—it is not like any bank-note I ever saw.





SIR FREDERICK POLLOCK
. Q. What do mean by not being. like? A. It is not like a 5l. note, when I come to look at it—I took it for one, and gave change—when I came to look at it, I saw at once it was not genuine.





SCIPIO FINCH
 (police-constable B 90.) On the evening of the 20th of March I went to Mr. Trott's house at Nunhead, and found the prisoner there—I took him into custody, and told him I took him for passing to Mr. Trott a bad 5l. note—I took him to the station, and found these two 5l. notes on him—here are the marks I made up them—I found them between his thigh and his trowsers—he had previously told me he had no more notes, only the one he gave Mr. Trott—he had put his hand down to his boot, and said it hurt him.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am inspector of notes to the Bank of England. This paper is a gross imitation of a Bank of England note—it is forged in every respect, paper, watermark, signature, and all—these other two are I also forged in all respects—it has all the words and form of a banknote—the numbers and the name of the cashier is omitted—all the three have the same signature.

Cross-examined. Q. There is paper and ink in it, as there is in a bank-note? A. Yes, and writing, and a little printing—I should certainly not take it for a note, it is a very bad imitation—the ink has gone through the paper—the paper is not a bit like that which we have for bank-notes—this is not like a banknote—part of it appears to be written.





SIR FREDERICK POLLOCK
. Q. Has it the form of a note? A. Yes, it has the imitation of what is found usually on a 5l. Bank of England note, and it has a very fair imitation of one of our cashier's writing, Zachariah twins—I do not see any part omitted that is to be found in a bank-note—I have no doubt of its being an imitation of a bank-note.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Life.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
