



329. 




THOMAS ANDREWS



, for a like offence.


MESSERS. BODKIN
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL.
 I am solicitor to the Mint—I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Thomas Andrews, at this Court, at the July Sessions, 1845—I have examined it with the original—it is a correct copy.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How did you examine the record? A. I had the original read to me first and then the copy, and they both agreed—(read—Thomas Andrews—Convicted July, 1845, and confined twelve months.)






JOSEPH SEAMAN
 (policeman, N 228.) I was present at the prisoner's trial in July, 1845—he is the person mentioned in this record.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you a witness on that trial? A. I was, in this Court—I saw him tried.





MARTHA WILSON.
 My husband is a baker, on Clerkenwell-green. On Thursday, 11th Nov., the prisoner came and asked for a penny loaf—he gave me a good half-crown—I put it into the till—I gave him two good shillings, and was going to give him fivepence in halfpence—he put his hand into his pocket, and said, "I beg your pardon; I find I have a penny in my pocket I did not know of"—he put down two shillings—I took the penny up, and gave him the half-crown—as soon as he was gone, I found one of the shillings was bad—I called after him—whether he did not hear, or did not wish to come back, I do not know, but he did not come—I went about five doors after him, took him by the collar, and brought him back—I said, "You have changed one of my good shillings, and given me a bad one; you must come back with me"—he said, "I gave you a good half-crown"—he repeated that several times—I said, "Yes, and I gave you two good shillings, and you have changed one, and given me a bad one"—he said, "Any person might make a mistake"—I sent for a constable and gave him into custody—I gave the constable the bad shillings—the prisoner was remanded till Saturday, and then discharged.

Cross-examined. Q. At the time you went before the Magistrate, you thought it was on the 14th the prisoner came to you? A. No; I said to the policeman, "It was the 11th, was it not?" and he looked, and said, "No, it was on the 14th"—that led me wrong—when I laid my hand on the prisoner's shoulder, he had his right hand in his right-hand-coat-pocket—he took it out and put it to his month, and turned round and walked up the hill with me—that question was not asked me before, till one of the Grand Jury asked me—I gave the prisoner two shillings out of the till—it was the only two shillings I had—it being a quarter-past eight in the morning, I had not taken more—I had looked at those two shillings, and tried them on a test I have on the counter that same morning, a few minutes before I put them into the till—there was not any money in the till the night before—I took it all out—I had taken the two shillings from two different customers that morning.

COURT.
Q. Did you try the test on the shilling the prisoner gave you back? A. I did not—he did not give me time, and it was so bad it did not require testing.





SAMUEL BAXTER
 (policeman, G215.) On Thursday,11th Nov., I took the prisoner into custody—Mrs. Wilson gave me this shilling.

Cross-examined. Q. How came you to tell her it was the 14th? A. I did not tell her so—I did not produce my pocket-book, and say it was the 14th—the prisoner was discharged on the 13th—I was before the Magistrate on 7th Dec.—I kept the shilling in my possession—I had no order to give it up—it is usual to keep it twenty-one days till there are orders to give it in, and then to give it to the inspector on duty—after the prisoner was discharged I locked the shilling up in a drawer which I kept the key of—I have a wife—we have but one key to that drawer—I generally keep it—I took the shilling out on 7th Dec.—this is the shilling—Mrs. Wilson marked it before she gave it me on 11th Nov.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Has it remained in the same place ever since? A. Yes, I found it in the place I put it in.

MR. BODKIN to MARTHA WILSON.
Q. Did you mark the shilling before

you gave it to the officer? A. No, I gave it to him in the shop—he carried it up to Bagnigge-wells station—I marked it there before I came away—it has the same mark on it now.

Cross-examined. Q. That was after the officer had taken it to the station? A. Yes; he took the prisoner there—I said, "It was on the 11th of the month; was it not?"—he said he made a memorandum, and it was on the 14th. SAMUEL BAXTER
re-examined. I gave Mrs. Wilson the same shilling she gave me.





MARY DOUSE.
 I keep a chandlers' shop, in Shaftesbury-street, New North-road. On 27th Nov. the prisoner came there, near seven o'clock in the evening—he wanted half an ounce of tobacco—I served him—it came to 1 3/4d.—he gave me a half-crown—I gave him change—I put the half-crown into the till—I had no other half-crown there, only three sixpences—the instant the prisoner had gone out of the shop, before any other customer had come in, I looked at the half-crown, and found it was bad—while I was looking at it. a butcher came in, who was a stranger to me—he said something to me, and went out of the shop again—he came back again in about five minutes, with the prisoner and the officer and two or three more persons—I gave the officer the half-crown I received from the prisoner—he was then taken into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. The butcher came in just at the moment you were looking at the half-crown? A. Yes; he looked at it—the prisoner was brought back in five minutes, by Jellett, the officer—the butcher came also—he took his tray and went away—I have seen him once since, he called on me and asked whether the prisoner was taken—that was all that passed.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Did the half-crown go out of your sight at all? A. No, I had it in my hand—the butcher left his tray against a cask of soda at my door, there was meat in it, he came back, shouldered his tray, and went away.





HENRY JELLETT
 (policeman, N 383.) On Saturday evening, 27th Nov., I saw the prisoner in Hoxton, being held by two men—they said he had passed a bad half-crown to a poor woman—I took him back to Douse's shop—she made the same charge, and gave me this half-crown—I took the prisoner to the station, went back to the same place where I had seen him held, and somebody gave me half an ounce of tobacco.

Cross-examined. Q. Who were the two men? A. One was Macklin, whom I knew from living near, the other was a lamplighter—Macklin went with me to Douse's shop, and several persons followed.





JAMES BRETT.
 I am a lamp-lighter, in Ironmonger-row, St. Luke's. On 27th Nov., about seven o'clock, I was in New North-road, near Douse's shop—I saw the prisoner, two men had hold of him—I went up—they said he had passed a bad half-crown to a poor woman—I heard another person say he had thrown some money away, and he pointed to the place—about that time the policeman came and took the prisoners way—I picked up half an ounce of tobacco—the next morning, early, I was coming by the spot that had been pointed out to me, and I saw a half-crown lay—I picked it up—it was bad—I gave it to the police sergeant.

Cross-examined. Q. You call yourself a lamp-lighter? A. I am a gaslighter round St. Luke's—one of the men who was holding the prisoner is outside—he is a painter, I believe—I do not know that I ever saw him before—I did not see a butcher, nor a tray—I looked for the half-crown that night, but it was so dark I could not see it—I found it in Deane-street, which is a public throughfare, between seven and eight o'clock the next morning.






EDWARD MACKLIN.
 I am a painter, in Cliff-street, New North-road. On the evening of 27th Nov. I was spoken to by a butcher, and the prisoner was pointed out to me—I went up to him and said, "You have been giving a woman a bad half-crown; come back and deliver the change to the poor woman, she will not hurt you"—he said, "I have not done such a thing; I have passed no half-crown"—the butcher and I brought him back to the end of the street, and he threw another half-crown away—whether it was good or bad, I cannot say—he trampled it in the mud—Jellett came up and took the prisoner into custody—I saw Brett afterwards give the policeman the tobacco.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you do any painting? A. The last time I was painting was the inside of a house in St. Jame's-park—I work for Mr. Cox, of Cobham-road—we were working at that house in the park about six weeks—the house is just through Storey's-gate—I believe it is called Birdcage-walk—I have always been a painter—I do not know that I was indignant at the prisoner's offering the half-crown to the poor woman—I never did such a thing myself—I can swear I have never been convicted of uttering counterfeit coin, and was never charged with it—I did not say to the prisoner, as I was taking him towards Douse's, that I would give it him to his heart's content—on my oath I had not had a quarrel with him—I have known him by sight for ten or twelve years—I had not seen him for three years before—I have not had a quarrel with him, and fastened this matter on him to spite him—I had no quarrel with him at skittles—I did not threaten that I would be a match for him some day—I do not know that I ever played at skittles with him—he never refused to pay me—I never was in his company but once—I was not tried in this place, and convicted three years and a half age for uttering counterfeit coin—I never stood in this dock, nor in the dock in the other Court, on my oath—the night the prisoner was taken he said, in the station, "You have been one of the same sort yourself"—I was not charged with uttering two bad shillings in change to a woman who bought mackerel of me in Leather-lane—I never sold such a thing in my life—I will swear I did not sell mackerel in Leather-lane, and give a woman two bad shillings to charge for five-shilling piece—there is not a syllable of truth in it.





WILLIAM SAUNDERS
 (police-sergeant, N 25.) I produce a half-crown, which I received from Brett—I have kept it apart from all others.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL.
 This shilling is counterfeit—these two half-crowns are counterfeit, and both cast in the same mould—I have been attending the Mint prosecutions for many years—I have no knowledge of the wit-ness Macklin, he is quite a stranger to me.




GUILTY. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

