



1496. 




JOHN WILKINSON



, feloniously forging and uttering a transfer of 1, 010l. 3s. 11d., with intent to defraud 

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.


MR. CLARKSON
and
SIR JOHN BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM HUMPHREYS MORTON
. I am a clerk in the Three per Cent. Reduced Transfer-office, in the Bank of England. I produce an extract from the ledger, which I have compared with the original; it is correct—(this was a transfer of 1070l. 3s. 11d., Reduced Three per Cent. Annuities, by John Wilkinson and William Shepherd, to James Neatby Warner, on 6th April, 1843)—I produce the transfer-book—here is the transfer of the same amount of stock on that day—I attested the execution of it, but have no recollection of the transaction or the parties—I saw them sign the book.





CHARLES THOMAS JENKINSON
. I am a solicitor, of 29, Lombard-street. In 1843 my offices were in Cannon-street—I was first acquainted with the prisoner in Feb., 1838—he then lived in Mint-street, Borough—I was concerned for Mr. Brown, his landlord's collector; that introduced me to him—he was behind with his rent—he said his son had recently married a lady entitled to some money, and he wished me to interfere to induce the executrix of Mrs. 'Faddy to advance a sum of money for his son, and referred me to

a Mr. Rivington, who I saw several times; but could not succeed until the prisoner's son and his wife became of age—the wife was entitled to the money under the will, but the minority of the son was the great obstacle—about Dec., 1838, the prisoner paid my bill for the trouble I had had—I hadno further instructions, and do not know whether the rent was paid or not—I saw no more of the prisoner till Jan., 1843, when he called on me, and said he and his co-trustee, under his son's settlement, were about making some disposition of the fund, and would I introduce him to my stock-broker—I referred him to Mr. Edwin Newton Bryant, and did not see him again till he was in Newgate.

Prisoner. I never called at your office in my life; I met you in the street. Witness. You called at my office.





EDWARD NEWTON BRYANT
. I am a stock-broker, of 16, Throgmorton-street On 16th June, 1813, Mr. Jenkinson called on me, and introduced the prisoner, who said he wished me to sell some stock, and he would bring his co-trustee, William Shepherd, next day—next day I saw the prisoner, and the other man, at the Bank—I had caused a transfer to be prepared in the Bank-books—it was made to James Neatby Warner—I saw the prisoner sign it—the other party signed "William Shepherd"—I attested their signatures, and identify them—this is my signature—I gave them this check (produced) for 1, 016l. 13s. 6d.; I do not know to which of them—here is "William Shepherd" on the back of it—that was not written at my request,—I never saw the prisoner again till a few days ago, at Newgate.





OWEN THOMAS WILLIUIS
. In June, 1843, I was a clerk in Messrs. Glvnn's banking-house—Mr. Brvant kept an account there—this is the book in which I enter checks which I cash, and the mode in which I cash them—in June, 1843, I cashed this check (produced), with a 300l.-note, No. 899929, dated 11th March, 1842; two 200l.-notes; 500l. in other notes; and 16l. 13s. 6d. in money—I have no recollection of the party—one of the 50l. notes was No. 08024, dated 8th Dec, 1842.





WILLIAM WYBURD
. I am one of the inspectors of notes in the Bank of England. In 1843 I was a clerk in the money-teller's department, and kept a cash-book, in which I entered my transactions (produced)—this 300l.-note was presented to me on 30th June, 1843, to be cashed—the person told me his name was "Wilkinson," which he put on the note, as we always require—here is "J. Wilkinson, 26, Crispin-street."
----YATES (police-inspector, M.) I have known the prisoner since 1830, when the M division was formed—he was an inspector of that division, and continued so till 1835, when he went to the E division—he left in 1835 or 1836, quitted the police, and kept a fish-shop in Mint-street—I have seen him write, and believe the writing on this note to be his (a £50. note, No. 08024, T. V., dated 8th Dec, 1842, with "William Gilpin, 26, Crispin-street, Spitalfields," marked on it)—this "John Wilkinson," in the Bank transfer-book, is the prisoner's writing, and also this signature (indorsed on a deposit-receipt of the Gloucestershire Bank).





JOHN CRADDOCK
. I am agent for the Northleach Branch of the Gloucestershire Bank—I gave the prisoner this deposit-receipt for 500l.—I think he paid in a 300l.-note, and a 200l.-note—(read—"Cirencester, Feb. 27th, 1843.Recived of John Wilkinson, £500, to be accounted for. For the Gloucestershire Banking Company, Henry Harriss")—I procured this receipt from Cirencciter.

Prisoner. Q. Whose money did I represent it to be? A. Your son's—I understood you had placed him in business at Cheltenham.






JOSEPH HALL
. I am clerk to Edwin Savage Bailey, a solicitor, of Berners-street, Oxford-street, he has transacted the business of Mr. Carpenter Smith, who became a lunatic three years ago. I produce an indenture of settlement, dated 14th Dec, 1838, between the prisoner's son and Susannah Ann Dixon—it is a post nuptial settlement—the trustees are John Wilkinson and Samuel Shepherd.





CHARLES RIVINGTON
. I am a solicitor, of Fenchurch-buildings. In 1838, I was concerned for Alexander Holfield, sole executor of Mrs. Judith Taddy—in that year I had several applications to advance money said to be due to the prisoner's son's wife; the prisoner came four or five times—I refused to advise my client to make any transfer of money until the execution of a settlement by the husband of the moneys left to his wife, on that wife and her children—she was a legatee of 2, 000l.—I required a post nuptial settlement to be executed by the parties—delay arose by their not being of age—this is the settlement (produced)—it was signed in my presence by the husband and wife and prisoner in my office, and attested by Mr. Carpenter Smith—this is his signature—500l. was advanced to the parties, which was not the subject of a deed—in the first instance the prisoner applied for 100l. during his son's minority, which was refused, and he came in Nov., on account of the daughter being ill in her confinement, and I gave him 20l.; and on 14th Dec, having invested 1, 500l. in the Reduced Three per Cents., in the names of John Wilkinson and William Shepherd, a settlement was executed, and the balance, about 511l., paid over to the prisoner, 376l. of it by check—l., was deducted for law charges—here is a power in this settlement to lend or make a further advance of 500l. to the prisoner—it is dated 14th Dec, 1838, and recites that the prisoner's son's wife being entitled to 2, 000l. under the will of Mrs. Taddy, and that Thomas Wilkinson and his wife having applied for payment, the executors had required that the legacy should be settled for the benefit of the husband and wife and their children, and recites the purchase of 1, 610l. 14s. 9d. Reduced Three per Cents., with power to the trustees to lend the prisoner 500l. on his bond.

Prisoner. I never signed any deed (the witness handed the deed to the prisoner); I believe this is my writing, but I forgot it; my son was not of age then; he did not become of age till the next 5th Dec. Witness. I have a certificate of his being of age.





WILLIAM SHEPHERD
. I am a publican, of Dudley, Worcestershire. From 1825 to 1839, I kept the Grapes, Black man-street, Borough—the prisoner was then night-constable of St. Olave's, Borough, and afterwards inspector of the M division of police, and then he kept a fish-shop next door to me—he came there about 1835—we were on intimate terms—in 1837 his son Thomas married, and came with his wife to live with him in Mint-street—when his son became of age, he and his son asked me to be a trustee—I consented, and attended Mr. Carpenter Smith's office to execute the settlement—I understood that the son received 500l. when the deed was signed—we signed a power of attorney authorising Thomas Wilkinson to receive the dividends—in 1839, I was applied to to sell out another sum of 500l.—I agreed, and afterwards did so.





THOMAS ELY
. I am attesting-witness to this transfer of 540l. 10s. 10d., of John Wilkinson and William Shepherd, on 7th June, 1839.





WILLIAM SHEPHERD

re-examined. This is my signature to this transfer—the prisoner signed it also—I never transferred, or consented to the transfer of any more, directly or indirectly—I think the prisoner left the Borough in the same year—I understood he went to Birmingham—I afterwards

left and went to Dudley—I saw nothing more of the prisoner until I went to Birmingham, in 1842—he was then keeping a butcher's shop, in Dale-end, there—his son also kept a butcher's shop there, at another pat of the town—the prisoner told me that he was going to give up the shop, and going to London, for he could not get a living there—I believe the shop was closed at the time—I think there was no meat in the shop—I never saw him again till I saw him in gaol, at Bristol, in April I think—when at Birmingham, he took me to see his two grand-children—I saw those childern last Monday at Cheltenham—about four or five years ago, I was applied to by Mr. Carpenter Smith to transfer a further portion of the fund—I refused to do so—last Christmas I received an anonymous letter—that was the first, intimation I had that there was anything wrong with respect to this fund—In consequence of that, and from inquiries I made, I went to the Bank of England, and requested to be made acquainted with the state of the fund—among other things I saw this book—I see the name of "William Shepherd" subscribed here, as one of the parties to the transfer of 1070l. 3s. 11d.—it is not my signature—I know nothing about it—I never authorised the prisoner, or any one else, to subscribe that—I never had any communication with the prisoner on the subject—I had no communication with him till Christina, 1847—I did not know where he was.

Prisoner. Q. I believe when you were applied to, to sell out 500l., to let my son have, you said you would not consent to it without I could get him away from London, as he was going on at a random rate, and disgracing himself? A. Yes; I advised his leaving London, and said if he would, I would consent to advance the 500l.—I blamed you as much as him for leaving him in possession of the money—I was not aware, when that settlement was made, that your son was not of age.





CHARLES RIVINGTON

re-examined. The prisoner produced a document to me about his son's age—before he produced it, he told me his son would be of age in Dec. 1838—I would not act upon his statement, and then either the prisoner or Mr. Carpenter Smith produced the document—the prisoner told me his son was of age, before he executed the deed, and it was on the faith of that that he got my check.

Prisoner's Defence. It is exactly the truth that has been stated; it is of no use in me to make a wronng defence, there was no intention of fraud; one of the executors under the will, said that he would throw the estate into Chancery, and he would have nothing to do with it, as they were married without consulting him; of course we did not like that, as my son had no means of supporting his wife, and I had no means of supporting them; I told him to agree to any proposal rather than do that; accordingly, everything which was proposed was agreed to, but the deed required execution before my son was of age; if be has been extravagant, and spent the money foolishly, I can't answer for that; this was done six years ago, and no person has ever been called upon to repay the money, and never will be; nothing was done on my part with the intention of depriving any person of their just rights; had my son applied for the money, I should then have said he had acted in a most rascally manner, and it would be an attempt to rob; but Mr. Shepherd will never be involved in any difficulty, nor the Bank of England, nor any one—(MR. CLARKSON
stated that an application had been made to
MR. SHEPHERD
for re-paymert)—that was entirely without my knowledge; I have not seen Mr. Carpenter Smith these six years.




GUILTY
. Aged 63.—


Transported for life
.
