



1666. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering, on the 
13th of May, a forged order for the payment of 21l., knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud 



Laurence Palk.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to defraud 



Richard Henry Cox and others.—3rd and 4th COUNTS, calling it a warrant for the payment of money.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL HOWARD
. I am clerk to Richard Henry Cox and others, of Craig's-court, Charing-cross; he is the senior partner. On the 13th of May I was in attendance at the banking-house—the prisoner came there about a quarter to three o'clock in the afternoon, and presented this cheque—on looking at it I discovered the signature was forged—I asked him who Robert Perks, the person in whose favour it is drawn, was—he said he brought it from the under butler, at the same time handing me this card—he said the person had asked him to get cash for the draft, and to make haste, as the gentleman was going out of "town in the morning; that he received 1s., and drank a pint of beer with the man, and was to receive 1s., on his return—I asked him if he knew the butler—he said he did not know much of him, he had seen him before—he said the under butler had sent him to receive the cheque—suspecting it to be forged, I consulted with the firm as to what steps to take, and a policeman was called in—Mr. Lawrence Palk had an account at our house at that time.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Would you, under any cir-cumstances pay, a cheque in this form without a date to it? A. It is a question—it requires a date—if Mr. Palk had brought it himself we should have given him the money—the date is a matter which rests with the cashier—I keep Mr. Palk's account, and no cheque is paid without my approval as to the signature, and as to the amount, whether the balance will bear it.

Q. Should you consider a document drawn in that way sufficient authority to pay money to another person? Q. That rests with the cashier—I am not in the habit of paying cheques—the prisoner said he got the cheque from a person who called himself Mr. Palk's under butler.

COURT. Q. Did he say who called himself so? A. I asked him who Robert Perks was, and he said, "The under-butler," handing me the card.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did he not say it was a person who told him he was Mr. Palk's under butler? A. Yes—while I was consulting some of the firm, the prisoner was in my room up stairs—I did not place him in any Confinement at that time, nor direct he should be watched—when I

came back and charged him with the cheque being forged, he said he would clear his character, if some one would go back with him—he said he could take a person to the party who gave him the cheque—I sent for a police. man, and gave him into custody—I think I heard him say the same thing to the policeman—the policeman took him to the station.

MR. DOAN. Q. It is not part of your duty to pay cheques? A. No—if I was satisfied it was Mr. Palk's handwriting, I should have put my initials to it and sent it to the cashier—I should not have hesitated a mo-ment in doing so if I had considered it his signature—the prisoner said he had seen the butler before.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. From your knowledge of the mode in which business is transacted in your firm, would the cashier have paid the cheque without your initials to it? A. Certainly not.

MR. BODKIN. Q. He would have paid no cheques without initials? A. In some instances, but it is not done in Mr. Palk's case.





LAWRENCE PALK, ESQ
. I lodge in Mount-street, Berkeley-square—I know nothing of this cheque—it is not mine, nor was it written by my authority—I keep cash at Cox and Co.'s—I know nothing of the prisoner myself—this is one of my cards—(looking at the one produced)—the address in manuscript is in my handwriting—I often leave cards in cabs in the mews, and the prisoner might have seen it there and taken it out—I do not keep an under butler—Cosgrave is the only man servant I keep in the house—we have some grooms.





HENRY SIBLEY
. I am coachman in the service of Sir Lawrence Palk—the prisoner was in his service—he was helper to me—he has left about two years as near as I can say—I have known nothing of him since, more than seeing him about the streets.





MATTHEW BANKS
. I am a policeman. I was called to Cox and Greenwood's, and the prisoner was given into my custody along with the cheque—I took him to the station—he wished to go to the Running Footman public-house, Charles-street, Berkeley-square—he said a person there had given him that cheque, a shilling, and a pint of beer, and he was to have another shilling when he went back again—he said the person seemed to be a servant out of livery, like an under butler, or something of that kind—he did not know his name, but if I would go with him he could point out the man—he said the person wished him to be at the bank before three o'clock—I searched him, and found inside the lining of his waistcoat pocket these three thimbles, also 1s. 11d. in money, four duplicates, and this piece of blank paper—I did not find any pea—he gave me his name as John Smith, Bowling-green-lane, Marylebone—he did not know the number—he said it was at an eating-house, and next door or next door but one to the police-station.

Cross-examined. Q. The duplicates are merely for articles of wearing apparel? A. Yes.





JAMES BEAGLEY
. I am a policeman. I made inquiries for a person named John Smith, at a lodging house near the police-office, Marylebone—I I found a person named Mrs. Brown, who kept the house where the prisoner stated he lodged—I did not find any person named Smith there—I inquired at Mrs. Brown's, No. 6, Paradise-street, High-street—that is at the end of Bowling-green-lane, at the corner of a passage—it is next door to an eating-house, near the police court—I stated the result of my inquiries in the prisoner's presence before the Magistrate—he made no observation upon it.


Cross-examined. Q. Had you known the name of Mrs. Elizabeth Brown before you went there? A. No.





JAMES COSGRAVE
. I am in the service of Mr. Palk, jun. I know nothing of the prisoner, nor of this cheque, nor the card—I never saw the prisoner before he was in custody—I am the only male servant Mr. Palk keeps in his house.





HENRY SIBLEY

re-examined. The prisoner was known by the name of Collins while with me—I never knew him by any other name—I have seen him about the streets since he left the service.

JURY. Q. Do you know the prisoner's handwriting? A. never saw him write but once, and that was his name in my book when I settled with him.
(Cheque read)—" Messrs. Cox and Co. Gentlemen,—Please to pay to Richard Perks, or bearer, 2l., and place the same to my account. LAWRENCE PALK."

MR. BALLANTINE
called,





ELIZABETH BROWN
. I am a widow, and live at No. 6, Paradise-street, High-street, Marylebone, near the police-office—I keep the house, and let out the eating-house to another party—the prisoner lodged with me for a fortnight or three weeks—he was steady and honest, and paid his lodging every night.
(Thomas Betson, butcher, Fetter-lane; and William Snare, silversmith,—court, Fetter-lane, also deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY of Uttering. Aged 39.—Strongly recommended to mercy.

—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
