



2519. 




JOHN BRETT
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Sarah Miranda, on the 
18th of August, at 
St. Pancras, about two in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 medal, value 1s. 2d.; 1 sixpence, 1 penny, 1 halfpenny, and 1 farthing; the property of 



Susannah Newton.






JANE GREEN
. I am a widow, and am in the service of Sarah Miranda, No. 27, Grafton-street, Fitzroy-square, in the parish of St. Pancras. Dr. Lee lodges there—it is Mrs. Miranda's house—there are two kitchen—Dr. Lee has the front kitchen, and Mrs. Miranda the back—my bed-room is between the two kitchens, quite close to the front kitchen—on Friday morning, the 18th of September, I was disturbed about a quarter before three o'clock, by a noise in the front kitchen, as if Dr. Lee's servant had put down a coal-scuttle—I then heard a crackling like lighting a fire or getting a light with lucifers—I laid for about a minute—the noise stopped—I thought the servant was ill, and I went to the door to ask her—the door was fast—I thought it was fast inside, instead of which she had locked it herself before she went to bed—the key was in the door outside, but I did not observe it till afterwards—I thought she was in the room and said, "Susan, open the door"—there was no answer—I again said, "Open the door and let me come to you;" and then somebody said, "Susan is here," twice—

I then said, "Let her speak, and I shall know her voice"—there was no answer for a minute, and then I said, "My G—here is a thief in the house"—I double-locked the door, and the thief tried it to see if it was fast—I told him I had locked the door that he could not come out—I then went up stairs as fast as I could, and hallooed to Dr. Lee, who called his servant to open her bed-room window to call the police, which she did, and my mistress hearing the noise got out of bed, opened her window, and sprang the rattle—I hastened down stairs as fast as I could, and as I got down in the hall I heard the thief go out of the window—the policeman brought the prisoner to the front-door—I unlocked the door, went into the kitchen with the policeman, and found 'the window shutter broken and hanging by the bar which fastened it to the other shutter—there was a candle burning—I found some lucifer matches on the floor and one on the table.





SUSANNAH NEWTON
. I am servant to Dr. Lee. I sleep in the attic—I fastened the front-kitchen window about seven o'clock in the evening in question, all quite secure—I locked the door once, and left the key on the outside—the door is next to Green's sleeping-room—the window was fastened with an iron bar across two shutters—I went to bed about a quarter or half-past ten o'clock—I was disturbed in the morning by Green—I threw up my bed-room window, and called "Police" several times—I saw the prisoner climb over the area gate, and saw the policeman take him—I went down into the kitchen, and found the candle burning—the drawers were opened, which were shut over night, and things tumbled about—I missed from my work-box a sixpence, a penny, a half-penny, a farthing, and a medal—the shutter was broken from the hinge—the hinge was broken from the wood part, and the window thrown up so that a person could get in—I knew the prisoner "before—he was in the habit of coming backwards and forwards to Grafton-street to paint and do carpenter's work, or any thing there was to do—he was employed by Mrs. Miranda—he had done that for about a year and a half after I was in the house—he once paid his addresses to Mrs. Miranda's niece, who was her servant, but she had left three months, Green succeeded her—the last time I saw him in the house was when he came to put in a pane of glass, about twelve months ago.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. He used to come to the house with Mrs. Miranda's knowledge, I believe? A. Yes—I have known him two years and a half—I have no reason to believe he did not bear a good character.





ROBERT LESTER
. I am a policeman. I was on duty—I heard a cry of "Police," and saw the prisoner running towards me with his coat off, and his waistcoat unbuttoned—I stopped him about twenty yards from the house, and took him back—I saw the servant looking out of window, and told her I had got him—while I was waiting for the door being opened he said, "Let me put on my coat"—he did so—I took him into the hall, searched him, and, in his left-hand trowsers' pocket, found a sixpence, a penny, a half-penny, a farthing, and a medal—I then gave him over to another constable, and went down to the kitchen—I found the drawers open, and the contents knocked about—the window shutter was forced off the hinges on one side, and the window open—on the table I saw a lucifer match, and I saw Green pick these portions of matches off the ground—I took him to the station-house, and after the charge was entered against him, I said, "Do you desire to say any thing?"—he said, "I have done it"—I observed

a button forced from the front of his trowsers, and in searching the area, I found one corresponding with the others on his trowsers—I have omitted to mention that in the hall I found in his hat a strap and handkerchief which have not been claimed.





SUSANNAH NEWTON

re-examined. I know this medal to be what I lost—I have the corresponding one—the others are exactly the same sort of coins as I lost—I can speak positively to the medal.
(Henry Tubb, dealer in musical instruments, New-cut; Thomas Knight, publican, Warwick-lane; Henry M. Bayfield, publican, Brill-row, Somers' town; Joseph Jackson, shoemaker, Brill-row; and Joshua Gander, bricklayer, Charles-street, Hampstead-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 19.—Strongly recommended to mercy.





Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Erskine.

