




742. 




SARAH PRICE, alias
 Pugh,

 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of July, 13 knives, value 6s.; 2 sets of bed-furniture, value 30s.; 2 counterpanes, value 15s.; 1 bolster, value 10s.; 1 pillow, value 6s.; and 2 window-curtains, value 2s.; the goods of 



Marian Woodham.


MR. LOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






MARIAN WOODHAM
. I am a widow, and live in Seymour-terrace, Chelsea. On the 12th of July last the prisoner called on me about a house of mine at Kensington—she represented herself to be a lady from Axminster, who kept her carriage, and had no children—she said she supposed I wanted a reference—I said yes, and she referred to Mr. Squires, her agent, who advanced her income—I saw him, and he represented himself as a lawyer—I rather objected to him, as I do not like lawyers—he then told me he was a stock-broker, and his name was in the list; in consequence of this I let the prisoner the house at 1l. 12s. per week—I went there on the 6th of January, and saw the prisoner going out at the street-door—I said, "Good day to you, Mrs. Price"—she said, "I did not expect you to-day; I am going out to dye a gentleman's hair"—I went in, and she conducted me to the kitchen—I had left a large chest under her care, which contained a considerable part of my property, and the first thing I noticed was that the seals of the chest were broken—I said, "I have not got the key of the chest here, but I charge you with breaking the seals, and I shall send for a policeman"—the policeman came, and we proceeded over the house, but, before that, the prisoner said my things were pledged, and that was the only crime she had done—I then missed the bed-furniture, the knives and forks, which she had pledged three days after she came into the house, and the rest of the articles named.





CHARLES WORLEY
. I am a pawnbroker. On the 15th of July these knives and forks were pledged at our shop, in the name of Mary Berry—I do not know by whom, but this is the duplicate given of them.





ALFRED HULM
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a tent-bed furniture pledged on the 12th of November, in the name of Ann Sheridan—on the 16th of November, a counterpane, in the name of Ann Berry—on the 18th of December, a curtain, in the name of Ann Berry—on the 20th of December, a curtain and a bolster, in the name of Ann Shind—on the 23rd, a pillow for 3s., and on the 24th a counterpane for 4s.—I do not recollect who pawned them—these are the duplicates I gave for them.





ANN WOOLGAR
. I found forty-one duplicates on the prisoner when I searched her.





JAMES WOOLGAR
 (police-constable V 163.) On the 6th of January I received the duplicates found on the prisoner—part of them relate to the property produced.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence, written. "I was for many years the wife of a gentleman of large fortune, character, and eminence in the legal profession, and at his decease I inherited the greater portion of his fortune. Some years after, I contracted a second marriage, which proved of the most unhappy nature. I was compelled, through the misconduct and cruelty of my husband, to separate from him; but as no legal separation ever took place, I have been compelled, for my own security, to reside in furnished houses and apartments. I have usually passed by my Christian name of Sarah Price, to prevent the annoyance of my husband; and about the

latter end of the year 1840, having fallen into temporary embarrassments, through ill-advised speculations in railway shares and foreign stock, I was led to pledge the harp, but no fraud was, however, intended, as I expected some money from some joint property belonging to me and my sister; but litigation followed, and my resources were unexpectedly exhausted, which I, unadvisedly, concealed from my relations, which has brought me to the distressed situation in which the Court behold me, soliciting mercy. I confess to pledging the other property, but no fraud was intended, as I expected I should have had the means to redeem them before detection could occur; and I beg to state, that I have received information since my confinement that funds will be shortly at my disposal, which I have ordered may be immediately applied to the payment of all just demands."




GUILTY
. Aged 60.—


Transported for Seven Years more.
