





1149. 




GEORGE SQUINCE,



 MARTHA HODGSON
, and 




SARAH BURCHELL
, were indicted for

 feloniously making 3 pieces of counterfeit coin, resembling, and apparently intended to resemble and pass for three of the Queen's current shillings.







DENNIS POWER
. I am a police-sergeant. I went, on the 3rd of April, with two other officers, Trew and Ifelan, to No. 61, Nelson-street, Bethnal-green—I went to the back-room door, on the ground floor—it was fastened—I broke it open, and found the three prisoners in the room, huddled up round the fire, in a sitting position—on going in the female prisoners both commenced screaming—one of them said, "We are done, we are done"—I cannot say which that was—Squince had a mould in his left hand, and a tobacco-pipe in his right—he was in the act of pouring something into the mould—I could not see what it contained—Burchell, who sat alongside of him, had a file in her right hand, and a shilling in her left, which she threw on the floor, towards the fire—Hodgson had her right hand extended toward the fire, but I could not see what she was doing—I immediately collared Squince—he threw the mould out of his left hand on the floor, and began kicking violently—I was assisted by Ifelan, who laid hold of him—we succeeded in pulling him away from the fire—he attempted to break the mould, but did not succeed—Ifelan kept him in one part of the room while I searched—at the time he dropped the mould a shilling fell oat of it—Burchell picked it up, and threw it on the fire—I commenced searching, and found half of a mould, which I produce—it was half of what Squince threw down—I then took four counterfeit shillings, in an unfinished state, off the mantel-piece over his head—I saw Trew take two counterfeit shillings from the same place—there was a pipkin red hot on the fire, with a quantity of metal in a fluid state—I found two files close to Burchell, and a tobacco-pipe, which Squince had been using—I found a quantity of broken moulds in the ashes, and mother pipkin, and two wet rags, which are used to bold the moulds—I found a piece of tin on the fire, which was red hot—that is used to dry the moulds—I had the prisoners handcuffed, and Hodgson had an infant in her arms—she said, "Oh, we shall be sent out of the country for life—never mind, George, I shall go with you"—Squince said, "No, we shall sot go to the same country"—I sent them to the station-house.





GEORGE TREW
. I am a policeman. I found the whole of a sixpenny mould, and the whole of a shilling one—I found four counterfeit shillings, one was quite hot, I could hardly hold it—I saw this one drop from the mould—Burchell flung it on the fire, and I took it off.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. Here is half a mould, produced by Power, and the other by Trew—the two form a mould for counterfeit shillings—the eight shillings produced are all alike, and, I believe, have all been cast in this mould—here is another mould for sixpences, and also a good sixpence in it, by which it is made—it does not appear to have been used for casting at all—the files are used to remove the surplus metal, after they have been cast—I have examined the metal in the pipkin—it is a similar kind to that the shillings are made of.

Squince's Defence (written.) "What the officers have stated is nearly the truth; at the same time, I beg to explain how I have been led to commit the crime. On Friday last I was sitting in my apartment, in Nelson-street, when a man, named Birch, came in, and asked my permission to make a mould or two at my place; and not being aware of the responsibility I was under, I gave him leave. He made two, and said, if I would give him 10s. he would learn me how to make them. He put some metal on the

fire, and immediately began to work at some. He wished to go out for a few minutes, and put a mould in my hand, which he desired me to hold safe in my hand till he brought some metal. He had not left two minutes before the officers burst the door open, and came in. The base metal and coin found in my room was what Birch had brought and worked. I never before was tried for a like offence: I hope your Lordship will perceive I have been ensnared by Birch, and will extend mercy to me."

Burchell's Defence (written.) "On the day in question I went to the house of the prisoner, to see another person, who was not at home. I was tempted by curiosity to stop, and see what they were doing; and while I was there the policemen forced in, and apprehended the whole of us. Had I had any knowledge I was doing wrong I would not have remained in the room; but being young, only nineteen, I did not contemplate I was doing wrong: it was mere curiosity induced me to stop."

SQUINCE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

BURCHELL*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

HODGSON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Ten Years.
