



465. 




WILLIAM NEEDHAM
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of December, 11 sovereigns, 3 half-sovereigns, 10 shillings, and 10 six-pences, the monies of 



Eward Norman, from the person of 



Ann Norman.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





ANN NORMAN
. I am the wife of Edward Norman, who keeps the Portland Arms public-house, in Long-lane, West Smithfield. On the 22nd of December I had eleven sovereigns and three half-sovereigns screwed up in a piece of paper in my bag, with 15s. in silver—I left home about half-past two o'clock—I got to Goswell-street, and the prisoner and two women came up—the prisoner was at my left side—my reticule was hanging on my left arm—the women were by my side—they kept shoving against me, and would not let me pass—I said, "What the deuce do you want?"—they said nothing, but got in front—I said, "Why don't you let me pass, why do you shove?"—one of them, a lusty woman, said, "It is you who are shoving"—I then lifted my left arm, and found my bag was cut at the bottom—I turned, and collared the prisoner—I observed the paper which contained my money was in his hand—there was no other man there—one of the women came, struck me in the face, and said, "Let go of him, he is my brother"—I saw him drop the paper down on the pavement, and the stout woman took it up—there was a little boy at her side, who pinked up 3s. 6d.—I have seen neither of the women or the rest of my money since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you quite sure you saw the paper in the prisoner's hand? A. Yes, it is not possible that I could make any mistake in the fright.





JOHN MURRAY
. I am a coachman. I was in Goswell-street—I saw

the prisoner and two women jostling the prosecutrix—I am sure the prisoner is the man—I saw him at her left side—the prosecutrix called out that she was robbed—I went up and collared the prisoner—I saw something in his hand, wrapped up in a piece of paper—I took him to the bottom of the lane and gave him in charge—the stoat woman struck me three times, and struck the prosecutrix.





WILLIAM OWEN
. I live in Albemarle-street. I was in Goswell-street, and saw the prosecutrix—the prisoner and two women pushed against her—I saw the prisoner drop a paper—I was going to pick it up, but the stout woman shoved me away.





GEORGE KING
. I was there, and picked up 3s. 6d.—I gave it to Mrs. Norman.





GEORGE FARROW
 (City police-constable, No. 223.) I received charge of the prisoner.
(William Mowbray, a house-decorator, Hackney-road; Robert Pitkins, a turner, Bacon-street, Church-street; and John Thomas Russell, builder, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.
