



1764. 




SPENCER LAMBERT
 was indicted

 for embezzling the sum of 270l., part of the sum of 2,783l. 7s. 9d., which he had received on account
of the 

Receiver-General of Her Majesty's Customs. Other Counts, varying the manner of stating the charge.



MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL TINNISWOOD MILLER.
 I am the principal teller in the office of Sir Francis Hastings Doyle, Bart., the Receiver-General of Customs. At the time this occurred, and some time before, the prisoner was an assistant teller in that department—it was his duty to receive monies from merchants and others who have to pay money into the Receiver-General's office at the Custom House—there is a cash-book in which he should enter all such receipts—he had payments to make as well as to receive—it was his duty to enter on the other side of that account the payments he so made, and the account should be balanced every day—his duty on making up his accounts at the end of the day was, to hand over the notes to me—the cash that he took in the course of the day was generally retained in the cash-box till next morning, and was to be delivered up to me the first thing next morning—he handed to me at the end of the day, a memorandum of the whole of the money he had taken, the amount of notes he had got, the amount of payments he had made, and the amount of the money he had retained in the box, all of which I had to enter in my book at the end of each day—it was a memorandum transcribed from his book—before he gave me that memorandum, it was his duty to balance his cash-book, and then to transcribe this from it—on the 9th of Jan. last, I acquainted the principals of the office that I had suspicion of him, and they desired him to make up his accounts—that was about half-past eleven in the day—he was then in the Treasury, in which office we all transact our business—on that order being given to him, he continued to take money until eleven o'clock, and did not make up his accounts—he then left the office, and I saw or heard nothing more of him till he was taken into custody on this charge. on Saturday, July 31st—he had a desk in the office where he was employed—it had drawers, of which he had the keys—his desk and drawers were left open, I acquainted the principals that he was gone, and they were examined in my presence—his book was taken possession of, and the money that was found in his drawers—I produce the book—I find entered in it, in his writing, thirty-four receipts, as received on that day—they amount to 2,783l. 7s. 9d.—I find on the other side, there payments, amounting to 130l. 3s. 3d., he ought to have had a balance left in his drawer of 2,652l. 14s. 6d.—I found notes and cash in his drawer—they were not examined in my presence—the notes handed to me by Mr. France, the Assistant Receiver-General, amounted to 2,310l. and 72l. 14s. 6d. in cash—the balance was 2,382l. 14s. 6d.—there was 270l. deficient.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Do those thirty-four receipts all purport to have been received on the 9th of January? A. Yes; the payments were also made on the same day—I have made no inquiry to ascertain whether other payment were made by him on that day—it required no inquiry—I have the names of the persons from whom these different sums were received—they are different sums of money—it was the prisoner's duty to deliver me an account of all receipts at the end of each day—he left on the 9th of Jan., about one o'clock—that was considerably before the period when it was his duty to account to me—a suspicion had been intimated against him that his accounts were wrong, and after that he absconded—the aggregate was usually summed by him, but not on that day, he left his accounts unsettled, and it was done by Mr. Franc—the entries do not

show at what time the monies were received—but he received the whole between ten and one o'clock in the morning.





GEORGE FRANC.
 I am Assistant Receiver-General of the Customs in London—the prisoner was an Assistant Teller in the Receiver-General's office—on the 9th of Jan. last, in consequence of information I went into the Treasury-office, where he was employed, and told him to make up his accounts immediately, and bring me his money—he said he would—it was his duty to do so on my giving him those directions—I afterwards received a communication from Mr. Miller that he was absent, in consequence of which I went to the desk which he occupied, and took the money from his drawers, took his book into my room, and made up his accounts myself—this is the book—I handed over to Mr. Miller the money that I took from his desk, and the book from which he made up the accounts—I took all that I found in his desk—I found 2310l. in notes, and 72l. 14s. 6d. in cash amounting together to 2382l. 14s. 6d.—I handed over the whole of the money I found in the desk to Mr. Miller—I examined the book to see what he had received and what he had paid—the deficiency, as appears on his account, was 270l.—I never saw him again, till he appeared at the Mansion-house.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you count the money and notes yourself? A. Yes, and ascertained the amount—he was in the habit, from day to day, of receiving very large sums of money—he has been in the service of the Customs eight years.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Are all these accounts in his own writing? A. Yes; they are accounts of the receipt and payment of public monies.





CHARLES BAWTREE.
 I am a clerk in the Bank of England—I produce a 200l. and a 50l. Bank note—they were exchanged at the Bank of England for gold on the 9th of January—I do not know by whom—there is "S. or B. Lambert" on them.

MR. PARISH. I am a clerk in the Bank of England—on the 9th of Jan. these notes were presented by the prisoner for gold—he wrote his name on them—I believe this to be his writing, but cannot say I saw him write it—I recollect his person—he had two hundred and fifty sovereigns given him for them.

Cross-examined. Q. What time of day was this? A. From half-past nine to ten o'clock in the morning, I think; but I am not at all sure about the time.





WILLIAM CRAFTER
 I am one of the constables of the Board of Customs—on the 12th of July, in consequence of information, I went to Croydon in search of the prisoner—I found him there, and took him into custody—I told him he must consider himself my prisoner, for the robbery he had committed at the Customs—he seemed very much agitated, and said he wished he had given himself up at the first, and settled the business, he though it would have been most likely all at an end by this time, he was very sorry for it, it would have saved him a great deal of trouble.

MR. BALLANTINE
contended that as there only was proof of a general deficiency of money, and not of any particular sums, the prisoner could not be convicted of embezzlement. The
COURT
considered that if the Jury were of opinion that he took the 270l. out of the money received that day, intending to appropriate it to his own use, he was guilty of embezzlement,
Thomas Tasker, wine-merchant; William Nash, provision-merchant, of the Minories; James Buckland and James Layton, tea-broker, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY. Aged 30—


Transported for Seven Years.

