





290. 




WILLIAM WALLER,



 ANN GIFFIN
, and 



MARY DAVIS
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of October, 9 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 6 shillings; the monies of 




James William Kenning, from his person; and that Giffin had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES WILLIAM KENNING
. I am a dealer in poultry, living in Neptune-street, Rotherhithe. About six o'clock, on the 8th of October, I

went to the Black Bull public-house, in Rotherhithe—Waller came in—I drank with him—I was tipsy at the time—before I was tipsy I had ten sovereigns, which I got from my brother—I changed one of them, and had half-a-sovereign and some silver—I did not go to sleep at the Black Bull—this is my handwriting—(looking at his deposition)—I told the Magistrate I fell asleep in that house—I did not read this—I signed it—it was a misunderstanding—it was at the Victoria I went to sleep.





GEORGE WOOD
. I am pot-boy at the Neptune public-house now, but I was pot-boy at the Victoria, on the night of the 28th, when the prosecutor and Waller came there—the prosecutor was drunk—they sat down by the window—I afterwards saw Davis on one side of the prosecutor, and Waller on the other—Giffin was standing before him—they were drinking together—the bell rang for me, and I went to get change for 1s. for my master—when I came back, Waller offered me 1s.—I saw Davis take the prosecutor's head on her lap, and Waller and Davis spoke over his back—I went out, and returned in five minutes—Davis and Giffin were then gone out-Waller offered me 1s.—I wanted to know what it was for—he said, "Put it in your pocket"—I took it in my hand, and said, "I don't want it"—I gave it him back again—then Giffin and Davis came in again—Giffin used bad language, and said, "We have only got two or three shillings"—Waller had not said any thing to her—they all bid me good night, and went out; and while I was telling my mistress what they had offered me, all three came in again—I took my supper in the tap-room—Davis and Giffin went into the yard, and Waller went across to where the prosecutor was sitting, he put his hand into his pocket—he then came to me again, and offered me half-a-sovereign, and said, "Put this in your cly"—I said I did not want it—he had got half-a-crown, one shilling, and three halfpence—when he offered me the shilling he said he had only got two or three shillings—he asked me if I had seen anything—I said "No"—he said, "Oh, I thought you saw it all"—Giffin said, "I have only got two or three shillings out of him."

Giffin. You do not tell what you drank yourself out of the liquor the man paid for. Witness. Giffin said she should meet me on the next night, and give me 1s.—I said I should not want her money—Davis did not offer me any thing—Giffin offered me something to drink—I said I did not like it, but I did take a drop after a while—I did not see the prosecutor sober at all—while they were talking in the tap-room they all three ran out the back way—my mistress went out the front way, and brought Giffin and Davis back—(Waller went away)—they came into the tap-room, and asked me to lift the gentleman up, and said he was their friend, they would take him away with them—Davis said that as well as Giffin—I did so—my mistress said, "We had better have a policeman in," and while she was saying that they both ran out the back way again—my mistress went to the door, called a policeman, and told him—he went by the top of the alley, and let them come out and run away—he ran after them, came back, and said he could not catch them—I am sure I saw Waller's hand in the prosecutor's pocket—I did not see what he took out.





JAMES MELLISH
 (police-constable M 222.) I took Davis—she said she did lot rob the man; but she was certainly in company with Giffin and Waller, and they offered the pot-boy money—I did not see the prosecutor till next morning—he said he had ten sovereigns at the Bull public-house, and had

changed one, and had nine sovereigns, half-a-sovereign, and some silver—he did not say where he got this money from.

Davis's Defence. They asked me to have something to drink—I went in with them—we had a pint of gin and cloves—then he said he had no money—he took 2s. out of his pocket—there was 4d. change—he spent that in biscuits—that was all I saw of his money.

Waller's Defence. It does not look likely that I should go back to the house if I had been guilty—the prosecutor was as sober as I am—he was in other company at the Black Bull public-house.

Giffin. And so he was when he went with us two girls—I offered the Pot-boy no money.





JAMES MELLISH
. I produce a certificate of Giffin's former conviction, which I got from the office of the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

WALLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

GIFFIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Ten Years.

DAVIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
