




34. 




SAMUEL GRAVES
 and 




HENRIETTA BYARD
 were indicted for

 feloniously, and without lawful excuse, having in their custody and possession a mould upon which was impressed the obverse side of a shilling.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the reverse side.


MESSRS. CHAMBERS
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





SARAH STEPHENS
. I live with my aunt, who keeps an eel-pie shop in Moor-street, Soho. On Saturday, the 2nd of Nov., the female prisoner came for a penny meat-pie, and gave me a shilling in payment—I put it to my teeth, and bent it double—I gave it back to her, and told her it was a bad one—she said, "Oh, is it?"—I said it was, and she went away—I let her have the shilling.





WILLIAM KEMP
. I keep the King's Head public-house, Old Compton-street, Soho. Between six and seven o'clock, on Saturday evening, the 2nd of Nov., the female prisoner came and called for half a pint of porter, which came to 1d.—she gave me a counterfeit shilling in payment—I at once saw it was bad—Barber, the policeman, came in and caught hold of her arms—the shilling laid on the counter—I said it was a bad one—Barber told me to mark it, which I did, and gave to him.





WILLIAM RUSSELL
 (police-constable C 113) I was in company with Barber and Mount, and saw the prisoners in Crown-street, on Saturday evening, the 2nd of Nov., between six and seven o'clock—I saw them together—they came out of No. 36, Crown-street—I watched them—they went as far as Moor-street, and there separated—I saw Byard go into the eel-pie shop—when she came out I went in, and made some inquiries—I then saw her again, in company with Graves, in Moor-street—I and the other officers followed them along Compton-street—Byard went into the King's Head—Graves was waiting on the opposite side—I assisted Mount in taking him into custody—while doing so I heard the sound of money falling on the pavement—I did not see any—it was quite dark—I took him to the station-house, leaving Mount behind—I searched him, and found 2s. 2 1/2 d. on him, good money, and a key of a door—I afterwards went, in company with Sergeant Whall, to 36, Crown-street, the house out of which I had seen the prisoners come—I was shown the door of the first-floor back room at that house, which I opened with the key I found on Graves—it was locked, and the key opened it—Sarah Matters was present—under the bedstead there I found a pipkin containing white metal, which appeared to have been melted, a paper containing plaster of Paris, two holders or bands, a mould, and a tobacco-pipe with metal adhering to the inside—I found the mould by the side of the pipkin under the bedstead.





JOSEPH GILES BAKER
 (policeman). I was with Russell and Mount, and saw the prisoners come out of the house in Crown-street—I saw Byard go into the King's Head—Graves was on the opposite side of the way—she asked for half a pint of beer, and tendered a shilling, which the landlord lord said was bad—I seized her, and took the bad shilling from the publican—I have kept it ever since, and now produce it—Byard was searched at the station, but nothing found on her.






JOSEPH MOUNT
 (policeman). I was in company with Russell and Barber—I laid hold of Graves first—he had his hand in his left pocket—he withdrew his hand, and I saw something white fall from his band—it went down an area at the corner of Compton-street—I saw that they were shillings—I afterwards went into the area, and found these four shillings, which I produce.





JOHN WHALL
 (police-sergeant C 16.) I went with Russell to No. 36, Crown-street, and into the room which he opened with the key—I found a portion of a mould in a cupboard in one corner of the room—I looked up the chimney, and after looking very minutely found a paper containing twenty-three counterfeit sixpences, which I produce—they were placed in a recess at the back of the front of the chimney, inside, so that I had to turn round to find them—part of a brick was broken—I saw the paper, and that called my attention to it—Sarah Matters was in that room—I requested her to go up with us.





SARAH MATTERS
. I am a widow, and live in Crown-street. On the 31st of Oct. Byard came to rent a room of me—she said she had just come from the country, and her name was Graves—I asked if she was married—she said she was—I asked what her husband was—she said a shoemaker—I let her the first-floor back, at No. 36, Crown-street, St. Giles's—I never saw the male prisoner till I saw him at Marlborough-street—I gave the key of that room to Byard—the officers afterwards came, and I went and showed them the room which I had let to Byard—they opened it with the key I had given her.





MARIA GALE
. I lodged at No. 36, Crown-street—the prisoners came there on Thursday, the 31st of Oct.—Byard came into my room, and asked if I would let her leave a bundle in my room while she went and got the right key—she went, and returned in a quarter of an hour, with the male prisoner as her husband—they went up into their own room—they made a terrible noise all Thursday night—I did not see anything—I raised my window on Friday morning, to see them go out, and I did not see them come in again—they were mostly out in the evening—they were in their room together in the day-time—they were only there two evenings—they left the room on Saturday night, at eight o'clock.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint, and have been so for many years—I have looked at the things produced by the officers—this is a plaster of Paris mould, intended for casting shillings—it has the impression of both sides of a shilling on it, and appears to have been used for the purpose of casting shillings—here is a part of a plaster of Paris mould, upon which there is no impression whatever—it appears to have been scraped out—this pipkin appears to have been used, for the purpose of melting white metal—it contains white metal, which appears to have been melted—by pouring that white metal into the mould it would produce a counterfeit feit shilling—here is a counterfeit shilling, produced by one of the witnesses, said to have been uttered, of a similar metal to that in the pipkin—that was cast in the mould of which I have spoken—there are also four other shillings which have been cast in that mould—all five are alike counterfeit—here is a good shilling, produced by one of the witnesses, which appears to have made the mould in which these counterfeit shillings were cast—here is a tin band, and also an oilcloth band, which appears to have been used for forming the mould—it confines the plaster of Paris, and is a thing usually applied for that purpose—here are twenty-three sixpences, all counterfeit,

and appear to have been recently cast—here is plaster of Paris in powder of a similar material of which moulds are made—here is a tobacco-pipe, which would be used to lade the metal from the pipkin into the mould—there is white metal in the bowl of it now.

Graves to
SARAH MATTERS. Q. On the day I was committed, did not a young woman come to your place, and was she not recognised by your daughter-in-law, as the person who had taken the lodging? A. I was not there, and know nothing about it—she told me that a person had been for some things that were on the premises—she did not say she recognized her.

Graves's Defence. The female prisoner is not the person that lodged at No. 36, Crown-street, and a person in the landlady's room recognized another young woman. I might go into the house with another young woman, and am I to suffer for what is found in the room? I took a shirt up to the young woman who took the room, to make; the landlady saw it, and can't deny it; it was partly made. On the Friday evening I went up, and the young woman was not there; neither have I seen her since. I went on the Saturday evening, and she was not at home. I met this female in Crown-street, and asked her to go there with me, which she did; we came out again together, and the constables seized me. As soon as the landlady saw this young woman, she said, "You are the girl that we have got another young woman in trouble for. "I am quite a cripple; I had my left hand in my pocket, and do you think, if I had four counterfeit shillings in my possession, I could have passed them out of my hand, with three constables by me. Because I came out of that house, I am to be answerable for what is found in that room, although no one saw what part I came from. I might have come out of any other house, where there was stolen property. I do not see sufficient proof that we lived together. I have worked for Mr. Hutchins, of No. 62, Deanstree Soho, and he has been here.

Byard's Defence. I never took the room.





SARAH MATTERS

re-examined. Mine is not a house where men and women come for a little while—I know nothing of any other young woman being mistaken for Byard.

GRAVES—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

BYARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Seven Year
.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.
