



591. 




AUSTIN MONTROE
 was again indicted

 for stealing at 

St. Luke, 1 1/2 yard of doeskin, value 8l., 1 yard of velvet, 12s.; and 1 yard of silk, 10s.; the goods of 



Timothy Huffam, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES HILL
. I am shopman to Mr. Timothy Huffam, a tailor and woollen-draper in the City-road. In Oct., 1845, I remember seeing the prisoner, and another person with him, dressed in black—the prisoner asked for a pair of straps—I said we had not any at present—he went away, and two days afterwards he called again with his companion—I knew him again positively—he inquired about the straps—I said we were very sorry we had not got them yet—he came again on 20th Oct., with the same man, dressed in black—the prisoner said, "Have you got the straps in?"—I said, "Yes, but the shopman is away, I don't know what to charge you"—he said, "I wanted two or three pairs"—I said, "I will let you have one pair"—I charged him 6d.—he left his companion against the door, and walked to the bottom of the shop—he jumped on the counter with his face towards the door, and said, "I will trouble you to fasten these straps"—I went to do it, but I found very great difficulty in fastening them, the buttons being sewn on so tightly—I got one on, and then he jumped down, and said, "I can't wait"—I said, "You had better let me finish"—he said, "No, I am in a hurry"—he went out, and I found his companion was gone—I then looked, and saw the blind was torn from the top of the window, and I missed from the window a piece of doeskin, a piece of velveteen, and some cloth, worth altogether about 10l.—the window comes close to the door—that was where the prisoner's companion stood—I went to the door, but they were out of sight—on the 7th of Dec., 1846, I saw the prisoner with two other men, peeping in at the window as I was standing at the other counter—I recognized the prisoner again the moment I saw him, and when his eyes met mine he went he went away immediately—I went to the door with Fossett to see if I could see him again on a Sunday morning in Jan., at the police-station—I pointed him out of six other men.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When was this robbery? A. On the 20th Oct., 1845—I had never seen the prisoner before, except on the two previous occasions, when he came for the straps—there was a brother of the prisoner taken, but, I believe, not for this robbery—I believe it was on suspicion of the burglary—the man paid me for the straps—the doeskin, and other property, has not been found—I saw the prisoner's brother in custody—I am not aware that he was taken before the Magistrate—I can't tell how the prisoner was dressed at the time of the robbery—he had a frock coat on—I cannot tell whether he had boots or shoes on—I saw the doeskin and velvet safe at eight o'clock in the morning, and no one came in but the prisoner and his companion—they came from eight till a quarter-past eight.


MR. DOANE. Q. On the night of the 9th of Jan. were your master's premises broken open? A. Yes.





JAMES FOSSETT
. I am in the service of Mr. Huffam—on the 7th of Dec. I was in the shop with Charles Hill, he pointed out the prisoner to me at the window—the prisoner is the man who was there.





TIMOTHY HUFFAM
. That is my dwelling-houses, it is in the parish of St. Luke.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I took the prisoner on the 10th Jan. at Haggerstone—I told him it was for being concerned in committing a burglary at Mr. Huffam's, a tailor, in the City-road, on 9th Dec.—he said, "Oh"—on the way to the station, I told him he was suspected of committing the other robbery—he again said, "Oh"—I took him to the station, and called out five or six other prisoners—I sent for Hill, he immediately identified the prisoner.





WILLIAM HUNTER
. I live at Charlton-street, Somers-town—I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 11th May, 1840, and transported for seven years)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

