



976. 




JAMES LAINCHBURY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of February, at 
St. Mary-le-bone, 130l. and 110l. Bank-notes, the property of 


Osgood, Hanbury, and others, his masters, in their dwelling-house.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM ADAMS
. I am clerk to Messrs. Hanburys and Co., bankers, Lombard-street. On the 1st of February I collected for the house the money received for country notes—this 10l. note, No. 27841, dated 10th December, 1841, is one which I collected—I have written the word "Price, 1—2" on it—I got it from Messrs. Price's banking-house—on the same day I received this 30l. note, No. 32427, dated the 8th of October, 1841—I marked that "L. & W., 1—2," meaning London and Westminster Bank, where I received it—I delivered these two notes that day to Mr. Berry, the clearing clerk.





GEORGE DUVAL BERRY
. I am clearing-clerk at Hanburys' every alternate week. On the 1st of February I received from Adams the notes and money of his collection of that day—I counted the notes, and gave what

I received from him to Mr. Boone, the cashier—I ascertain the sum to be correct, but do not take the numbers and dates.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You could not speak to any specific notes, as you did not take the numbers? A. No.





THOMAS BOONE
. I was the cashier in charge at Hanburys' on the 1st of February—it was part of my duty to receive from Berry that evening the notes which had been collected that day—I receive the whole of the notes—I received what he delivered to me—I sorted them, with other notes, and placed them in my drawer, which was not locked—I kept them there till they were locked up at night—they are constantly used in the course of the day.

COURT. Q. if you wanted cash for a draft, you would apply yourself to that drawer? A. Yes.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did you place them in the drawer in the evening? A. Yes, all that was left, except what we send into the bank—we make up a parcel of such notes as we do not intend to keep, to send into the bank next morning—I receive no notes from Berry—the prisoner receives all the notes which come into the house, and I receive them from him—I do not receive the notes collected from the country from any one—the general collections merge into one, and the prisoner enters every thing—sometimes in a whole day I may not take any portion of what he receives in the day, but at night I take what we require to keep, and the rest are tied up to be sent to the bank—they are all locked up in a safe at the close of the day—all the cash remaining in the house is locked up—they are brought out in the morning and deposited in my till—I pay them to any body who brings a draft or anything.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You never attended before any Magistrate to give evidence against the prisoner? A. Never—the cashier takes from the drawer promiscuously what notes he wants to pay at the counter—I am the only cashier while I am at the bank, but in my absence it is Mr. Robertson generally—the partners may occasionally pay at the counter, if they see a friend there, but very seldom.





GEORGE DUVAL BERRY

re-examined. I paid these notes with other money to Boone—I am not certain what lime of day—it was between five and six o'clock, or perhaps after six—it was after business closed—we clear the notes about five—the notes I delivered to Boone would, in the course of business, be locked up in the safe—there would be no call on that fund till next morning, I think.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you able to swear this took place after the bank closed? A. I will not swear that—it was between five and seven o'clock certainly—it was after the usual business hours, but I cannot swear no cheques were paid at the counter after that—I think occasionally cheques are paid after business hours, which is five o'clock—I was not examined before the Magistrate.





JOHN BEWICKE
. I am a clerk at Messrs. Hanburys', and have been so better than thirty years. On the 1st of February if Adams collected notes and handed them to the clearing clerk, who gave them to Boone, they would be locked up—they would be handed to the prisoner next morning for him to enter the particulars of the notes in a book which he kept called "The goldsmiths' receivable book"—these notes would not form part of the assets of the bank nor be paid out to the public, till they were entered in this book—they would not be paid away the day they are received, nor till they had passed through the prisoner's hands and were entered in this

book—notes received by Adams in this way are never paid away the same day, but are locked up and entered next morning—they are never paid away before that—Berry would not make up his clearing till after five o'clock—the notes would go into Boone's hands late that evening—he would lock them up, and in the morning they would be entered before they were paid away the next day—notes brought by Adams would not go into Boone's hands till business hours were over—this entry of the "2nd February," in the goldsmiths' receivable book is in the prisoner's writing—here is an entry of three 10l. notes—one is "No. 27,341," dated 10th Dec. 1840—the notes are entered in order, according to their amounts—this is the last of the tens—the following entry is, "30l., No. 32427, dated 8th of October, 1841," and there is-another 30l. note entered next to it—the prisoner makes these entries at a desk in the front, near the window—another clerk sits next to him at the time—as the prisoner enters the notes, which are placed with their faces to him, he turns them down with his left-hand—they are sorted according to their amounts—here is an entry some pages on, under the same date, of 10l.—(reads)—"27347 Port., 10th of December, 10l."—the only difference between that and the other is the word "Port." and the figure "7"—Port. meant the Portsmouth branch of the Bank of England, but if the word is "Post," I should read it, "Bank Post, bill"—I was present at five o'clock, balancing the account of the bank on the 2nd of February, and late in the evening, we were found to be 20l. short—I and the clerks went through the books to trace it if we could, and after that went through it again to look through the notes received, and missed a 30l. note—we ascertained the number and date of it—the prisoner stood close at hand assisting in tracing the deficiency—it was announced that a 30l. note of such a number and date was missed, and shortly after the prisoner left the spot where he was, and returned with that 30l. note in his hand, and produced it—it was of the number and date missing—I did not see where be brought it from—he said he had brought it out of his desk, he supposed it bad got in there with some papers he had before him during the day—his desk is at the end of the shop—that is not the desk at which he was in the habit of making the entries—very great surprise was expressed at what he said—I told him I thought it was rather improbable (as soon as he bad entered the notes in the morning, it was his duty to turn them down with his left hand, and either put them before the cashier, or the cashier would take them himself—he had no authority to do any thing else with them—if Boone wanted any notes which lay before him, he would take them away; in any event, the prisoner would not carry them from his desk to Boone at the counter—they were close together—the desk he spoke of is his private desk, and is quite at the further end of the shop—not near Boone—he had no authority whatever to change any of these notes, nor to get cash for them) the production of the 30l. note did not set the account straight—we were then 10l. over, having missed only 20l—we tried, but could not find out how it was that night—I have what we call the "daily ticket" of the 2nd of February, which is in the prisoner's hand—we ultimately found that we had got the first 10l. note but none corresponding with the second entry, "Port." or "Post"—we paid we first 10l. note into the Bank of England afterwards—these "daily tickets" are in the prisoner's handwriting, and are prepared by him—they represent a certain, sun of money to be included in the calculations of the day—the total

amount of that ticket is 1,939l. 12s. 8d.—that represents cheques which we were not able to clear that day, and bills not due—it would be calculated as cash, though not converted into money—we take it for granted that ticket is accurate, on the confidence of the party preparing it—there is a item in this ticket of 120l.—I have gone through the whole of the securities mentioned in the ticket, and find securities corresponding with every item but that 120l.—this ticket, of the 1st of February, is also in the prisoner's handwriting—the amount of this is 2,490l.—it includes one item of 100l.—I have searched through the securities mentioned in that ticket, and find them all there except that of 100l.—if the prisoner had taken, on the 2nd of February, two 10l. notes, the account of the bank would be balanced in the evening, as the 20l. addition to the 100/. the day before, would cover that sum—if he had only taken two 10l. notes, the general account of the house would be balanced—I have a memorandum, partly in the prisoner's handwriting, which was found among his papers after be was in custody—this paper with—(reads)— "27 34 T (or 7) Post, 10th December" on it, is in his handwriting

JURY. Q. Is it usual to enter post bills in the same book as cash note? A. Yes, we enter every thing we receive as cash

MR. BODKIN. Q. I believe you felt it your duty to make a communication to the principal of the house? A. Yes—Mr. Osgood Hanbury is one of the partners—there are others—the house is in the parish of St. Edmund, the King and Martyr—I sleep in the house

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Doyou pay any rent? A. No—my evidence respecting the 30l. note and the tickets was mentioned in substance before the Magistrate—I have a doubt whether the entry in the book is "Post or Port."—we only enter one letter of bank post bills—they have two letters—we only enter the lower one, which is known to the Bank, and by which we can trace them—this has more the appearance of the letter T than the figure 7—the top is too thick to correspond with the other figures—he need not have put it so high—I should not think it likely for clerks to make memorandums of what they do after notes are entered—the tickets of the day sometimes contain the particulars of cash for bills, which bills we have received some days before—the prisoner has been twenty years in the house

MR. BODKIN. Q. A ticket of the 2nd of February may contain items which also appear on the 1st? A. Yes, but there should be a security corresponding with the entry of each day, or it would not balance—I found no security corresponding with this entry, whether it is "Bank post bill" or "Portsmouth."





CHARLES BROWNING
. I am clerk to Messrs. Hanbury. On the 2nd of February I collected what is called the City or Bank-walk—I returned to the bank about half-past eleven or twelve o'clock in the morning, and be fore I balanced my book I gave the prisoner cash for a 10l. note—I do not know the number, but can identify it—the 10l. note (No. 27341) produced is it—I have written the prisoner's name on it—this was before I delivered in my account, and the note would come into the banker's as if it was part of what I collected—about a quarter of an hour after I came in I handed my collection over to the prisoner to be entered in the goldsmith receiver's book—it included the note I had received from the prisoner.





HAROLD WILLIAM FISHER
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England there was no such Bank post bill in existence as No. 2734 T on the 10th

December—on the 2nd of February there was no such bank post bill in existence—I have examined the books, and there was no such Portsmonths branch bank note in existence—there was no such bill or note never issued.
OSGOOD HANBURY, ESQ. I am one of the firm—a communication was he to me of the inaccuracies in the balance, of the 2nd of February—I directed inquiry to be made, and on to 5th I saw the prisoner on the subject, and again on Friday the 11th—I called him in and said, "How about this 10l. note?"

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not tell him it would much better to tell the truth? A. My brother, who is one of the partner did—I have been in the firm nearly thirty years—the prisoner's father lived with us many years before I came—his conduct induced us to take his son, as we always do with our clerks—the prisoner conducted himself well, except falling into embarrassments

MR. BODKIN. Q. I believe you relieved him from, those embarrassments two or three times? A. Yes—we behaved with great kindness to him





PHILIP HANBURY, ESQ
. On the 11th of February I was with my brother, when the prisoner was called into the private room—I said it would be better for him to explain or tell the truth about this matter—he did not say any thing on this charge before that—before I said that, I merely mentioned about the ticket of a bill sent to Ipswich, and he said he was 101. short, that is all—upon that I said it would be better for him to tell me all—I had seen him on the 8th or 9th—I did not then use any expression at to its being better for him to explain—I asked him to explain bow the 30l. note got into his desk—he said it got it with some letters of his—I asked him to show me the letters, and he brought me some quite small letter and besides that, there was a piece of brown paper covering a book belonging to a customer, which he had by him—I attended before the lord Mayor—I believe the 30l. note was not produced or mentioned there.
James Bush, architect and surveyor, Hayes-place, Lesson-grove; Charles Walker, tailor, Saukville-street; John Arthur Barton, clerk in the Bank of England; Mr. Wilkins, ship insurance broker, Hackney; and John Hollyer, his clerk, deposed to the prisoner's previous good character.



GUILTY of Stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.—Aged 38.

Recommended to mercy by the Jury, on account of his character.





Transported for Seven Years


