



2066. 




WILLIAM RYAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of July, 21 handkerchiefs, value 3l. 4s., the goods of 



John Joseph Sumner Mackmin.






THOMAS MACKMIN
. I am in the service of my father, John Joseph Sumner Mackmin. At half-past one o'clock, on the 9th of July, I was in his shop, in Paul-street—a person came in from the door, and told me something—I had twenty-one handkerchiefs in the shop which resemble these—(looking at them)—I had seen them safe three minutes before—I went out, and saw the prisoner running in the street—the handkerchiefs were dropped—I did not see him drop them—these are them—they had been in our shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far from you was the person you saw running? A. One hundred and fifty yards—I did not take the handkerchiefs from the person who offered them to me—he followed me with them—I saw the prisoner stopped at the corner of Worship-street, about 400 yards from my father's, and about four turnings.





GEORGIANA MACKMIN
. I am the prosecutor's servant. I saw the prisoner coming out of the shop with the handkerchiefs—he is the man.


Cross-examined. Q. This was on the 9th of July? A. Yes—I did not go before the Justice till the 22nd—the person was not pointed out to me before the Justice—he was standing at the bar, not mixed with others—I had only seen him for a minute, as he came out of the house.





GEORGE KEMP
. I live in Providence-place, New North-street, Shoreditch. I was passing from Luke-street to Paradise-street—I saw the prisoner running, and just as he got to the corner of Paradise-street he threw the handkerchiefs from him—they looked like these—I followed the prisoner down North-street.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you do? A. I followed him—he turned again, and passed me a second time within arm's length—I had no wish to catch him—I knew very welt he was running just into a policeman's hands, and they would take him—I am a packer—I did not see him stopped, but the policeman brought him round the corner the same way as he went—I am certain he is the person.





JOHN HAYWARD
 (police-constable G 209.) I was going along Worship-street, and took the prisoner—the handkerchiefs were given to me—these are them.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
