



1848. 




ROBERT GORDON



, feloniously transposing a certain mark, used by the Goldsmith's Company.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






ALEXANDER HALLEY
, Esq., M. D. I live at 46A, Queen Anne-street, Cavendish-square. I know the prisoner—in March or April last he kept a shop in Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, as a working-silversmith—I employed him to make me the top of a sporran, or Highland purse—I ordered it to be made of silver—I went and saw it at his shop before it was sent home—I remarked to him that it looked yellow, and said I wished to have the hall-mark on it, that I might be certain it was silver—it was brought home about a fortnight or three weeks after—I saw the prisoner when I paid him—I said to him, "I suppose it is good silver, as there are marks on it?"—he said yes—I have got the bill and receipt—I paid him 4l. 10s. for the sporran and tassels; but he had more, as there were various articles—this is the sporran (produced)—it is worn in front of a Highland dress—I paid for it as silver.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Where did you order it? A. At Gordon's shop—I did not bargain about the price before it was made—I

said I wished the price to be moderate—I have seen the witness Johnson at Gordon's shop—he may have been present at the time the conversation took place about the hall-mark; I do not recollect whether he was or not—it came home early in May—the first notice I had of its not being pure silver was from Goldsmith's-hall—they received information, and sent to me for it about three weeks or a month ago—this was the first transaction I had with Gordon—I am a Scotchman—he was recommended to me as patronized by the Highland Society.





JEREMIAH FULLER
. I am chief assayer of the Goldsmiths' Company. I received this purse on 2nd Aug., for the purpose of being assayed—I assayed it—it is not silver—the ingredients of standard silver are 1loz. 2 dwts. of fine silver to 18 dwts. of copper in the 12oz. lb.—this is 2oz. 18 dwts. worse than standard—the Goldsmiths' Company would not permit the mark to have been put on such an article as this, as silver—it would be base metal—it is the practice if anything of this sort is brought there, which is not up to standard to break it to pieces.

Cross-examined. Q. It would be one-eighth or one-ninth part less valuable than if it was standard silver? A. Considerably less than standard—standard silver would be 5s. to the ounce, and this is about 3s. 8d.—it is only those persons that have their punches entered at the company who can get the mark put on—I am not aware that the prisoner is one, nor Johnson—there are a good many working silversmiths not entered at the company, who get a friend who has his name entered, to get things marked for them—the company first had information about this on 1st Aug., and I went to Dr. Halley—I got my information from the solicitor of the company—I do not know where he got his information from—I have not seen Johnson at the hall.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When an article is manufactured, may it be sent into the world without bearing the mark of the company? A. No—those who have not punches frequently submit their goods to those who have them, to get them marked—I have no doubt of this being a proper mark of the company's.

COURT. Q. How long have you been assayer to the company? A. About eight years—I have become acquainted with the marks—I should call this a mark let in, transposed (pointing it out)—this is not the mark for an article of this description, it would be the mark for a spoon—according to the quantity of copper used in the metal, it would be more or less yellow.





JOSIAH SHARPE, ESQ
. I am deputy-warden of the Goldsmiths' Company. I have examined the rim of the mounting of this purse—it is not such a mark as is used for this species of article, but for tea-spoons and other small spoons—the letter "I," in old English, is on it—that letter is used to denote the year in which the article is stamped—that is not the proper letter for the present year—it was used last on 29th May, 1845—a different letter is used every year—the proper mark for such an article as this would have been altogether different—part of the marks would have been put on the front of the clasp and part on the back, to prevent the possibility of a part of this being made use of and attached to a piece not hall marked, and there would also have teen a small mark on each of the mountings of the tassels and all the small movable pieces—the mark on the front would have been the lion passant and the leopard's head—I believe this mark has been let in.

Cross-examined. Q. What mark is on it now? A. The lion passant, the letter for the year, the leopard's head, and the Queen's bead—if it was properly marked, the Queen's head and the letter would have been

placed on the other side—the lion's head and the leopard's head would be there, but all the marks would be differently arranged—an ordinary working silversmith ought to know that this was not the correct mark—if he is in the habit of sending manufactured work to Goldsmiths' Hall, he must know it, or if he was in the habit of making articles of this description—we do not mark very many of these in a year—the prisoner's name is not entered at the hall, nor is Johnson's—I knew nothing of them before—it was Johnson who gave me the information.

COURT. Q. Do you put the Queen's head on all articles? A. Yes; and the leopard and the letter for the year, but the difference is in the arrangement—this mark would not be used for large spoons—tea-spoons are marked by a press, at a single blow, but such articles as these are marked by punches put on by hand, with a hammer.





JAMES JOHNSON
. I am a working-jeweller, and live at 20, Vere-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. I knew the prisoner at Edinburgh, and worked as a shopmate with him there—I met him in London, about two years ago, and since then have at times assisted him in his work—I remember the order of Dr. Halley, for the sporran—I went into Gordon's shop just after he had got the order for it—he said he was rather busy, and would I assist him in making the purse—I said I would—this is it—I got the metal from Gordon—I was in the shop when Dr. Halley called about it—it was not then finished—the doctor said that he wanted it made of good silver, that he did not think it was silver, and he wanted it hall marked—the top part of it was mounted at that time, except two little bits at the side—the chasing was on it before it went to be mounted—after Dr. Halley had left, Gordon said that he would get a tea-spoon, and take the stamp from that, and solder it in—he asked me to do it—I said I would not do such a thing for 50l.—I said he had much better break it up, and get a good one at once—I knew at that time that it was not proper metal—I laid it down and went away—that was about six o'clock at night—I went back in the morning, and the stamp was in it—(I had mounted it before that—I made all the silver part of it, except the chasing)—Gordon asked me if it was not done very neatly—I think I made the same remark that I did before, that I would not do the same thing for a good sum of money—when it was finished I accompanied the prisoner to Dr. Halley's door, and handed the purse to a servant, with the bill—I did not get paid for it—about a fortnight after I had a quarrel with the prisoner, and left him—it was somewhere in May that Dr. Halley called—I took the purse home, between two and three days and a week after that.

Cross-examined. Q. How long did you remain in the prisoner's employment after taking the purse home? A. I was never in his employment, except just assisting him for a day now and then—I was paid for my assistance—it was while I was working for him that we quarrelled—I think it was about the middle of June—when I had nothing else to do, I used to go and help him for an hour or two—that went on for about eighteen months—I never asked for payment till I was entirely out of work—I have not been out of work till lately—I was employed by Mr. Mosely, of Fetter-lane—I have left him thirteen weeks—I tried to get work after that, but was not successful—I have very good references from persons who know me very well—I never was in a court of justice before—I was brought up as a jeweller, at Edinburgh—I left there three years ago, to better my circumstances, that was my only reason—there is a goldsmith's company in Edinburgh—I had no quarrel with them—I was never informed against for defrauding the Edinburgh company, of stamps—I was never a pedlar—I was a working-jeweller, in

business for myself, and employed by customers in the country—I went from town to town—I did not go about with a pack, I had a box—I did not take out a hawker's licence—I had a plate licence—they asked me about it at Haddington, and when I showed it, they told me I was perfectly justified in what I was doing—I was not hawking, I was supplying the trade—I was not convicted for hawking without a licence—I know a Mr. Shanks, of Edinburgh—he did not give me some goods to show to Lord Weymess, at Gosport-house—I had goods from him, and he from me, to show at different places—I never pawned any of his goods—I know Mr. Boston, and Mr. Brown, jewellers, at Edinburgh—I did not pawn any goods of theirs—I had a shop in Leith-street—I did not succeed, and became a bankrupt, and Mr. Shanks and Mr. Boston both went and pledged some articles in my name, and left me the duplicates of them, to take them out if I could—I have got a line from Mr. Shanks, showing that he received them from my hands—they did it for the purpose of lending me the money—it was at the time my stock was being sold off—I mean that they pledged their own goods in my name to lend me the money—(looking at a paper) I think this is Mr. Shanks' writing—I swear I did not get 20l. worth of goods from Mr. Shanks, to show at Gosport-house, and undertake they should be returned if not sold, and then pawn them—I cannot say that I know these pawn-tickets (produced)—I see my name on them—they were in my possession—they were the pawntickets of the goods pledged by Boston and Shanks in my name, to lend me the money—I never had it in my power to repay them—they got the duplicates from my wife, in my absence—my wife is alive now—I have unfortunately had more than one wife—they were not alive at one time—my wife lives with me now, and my family, at 20, Vere-street—I was not present when Dr. Halley gave the order for the purse—I was present when he came and said it was to be hall-marked—I had about 7s. 6d. for making it, not 18s.—I do not know a man named Wood—(Wood was here called in)—I do not know him by sight—I did not bargain with the prisoner, and say I would make the purse-top, and get it hall-marked for 18s.—I did not tell him, at any time, that I would get it hall-marked for any price—I never offered to get it hall-marked—I cannot recollect the prisoner paying me some money at a public-house, in May—I got 13s. or 13s. 6d. from him in his shop one Saturday night, and at the time I left I had a few shillings—I had 2s., 3s., or 4s. at other times—I cannot recollect that I ever received 10s. at a public-house—I cannot swear I did not—I have been at the Tavistock Arms, in Great Russell-street, several times—I do not recollect receiving 10s. from him there, nor did he say, "This is for making Dr. Halley's purse, and for Hailing it, and as you have received 5s. or 6s. already, I shall settle the balance to-morrow "—I do not recollect that that took place at the Tavistock Arms, in the presence of Wood who was called in—I do not think it happened—he said nothing of the kind—I have not threatened to shoot or to murder the prisoner—I know Mr. Evans, a surgeon—I did not tell the prisoner, in Mr. Evans' presence, that I would murder him, nor did I tell Mr. Evans that I would murder the prisoner—there were words on 28th July, between me and the prisoner, in a public meeting—I might then have said something about ruining him—he did everything he could to injure me—I did not say I would murder him—I have got goods hall-marked in Scotland—I never got things hall-marked for Gordon—I never made up any goods for myself in London, nor for any other person—my employers always sent tne work to be hall-marked—I have not seen persons bring goods to Gordon, hall-marked—I believe he used to get his refiner, Mr. Wilby, to

get his goods hall-marked—Wilby never got anything marked for me—I do not know Anderson, silversmith, at Edinburgh—I was not employed by him.

COURT. Q. Was your quarrel with Gordon about the settling of your accounts? A. No; I was working with him at the time—I left off work that day, and went back two days after to settle accounts—the quarrel was about a diamond snap that was brought to the shop by a piper, named Mackenzie—I made no demand of money of the prisoner—he electro-plated some few things for me after our quarrel, and that took up the amount of money due, and left me in his debt 2s. or 2s. 6d.—I have not paid that—I have not had it in my power or I would have done so—I did not communicate this matter at Goldsmiths' Hall, in order to be revenged on him—he traduced and assailed my character about the town, and I made this communication to be revenged on him—there were no other workmen assisting Gordon while the purse was made—it was made in his shop—I got the metal from Gordon—I do not know where it was melted—it was chased before I had it.

MR. PARNELL
called






CHARLES HERBERT WOOD
. I am a pearl engraver, and keep a house at 20, John-street, Westminster. I have known the prisoner upwards of two years and a half—during that time he has borne a very good character for honesty and respectability—he has done near 100l. worth of work for me as a mounter—I know his shop—a great part of his work he sends out to be done—I know Johnson—I was at Gordon's shop as Dr. Halley went out from giving the order for the purse—I was outside the door, and came in as Dr. Halley came out—Johnson was there.

COURT. Q. Can you point out Dr. Halley? A. I cannot, because I was not in the shop when he was there—I was going in, and when I saw the gentleman in the shop, I went outside and remained there, because my business was private—I cannot tell whether he was a tall or a short man, he was not particularly tall—I think he was rather stout—I cannot exactly recollect, for I never saw him before.

MR. PARNELL. Q. Was there a conversation going on when you went in? A. Yes; between Mr. and Mrs. Gordon and Johnson—Dr. Halley's name was mentioned—I heard Johnson say he would make the purse-top, and get it hall-marked for 18s.—I was at the Tavistock Arms on Friday, 26th May—Johnson and Gordon were there—I saw Gordon pay Johnson 10s.

Q. Did you hear Gordon say, "This is for making Dr. Halley's purse, and for Halling it; and as you have had 5s. or 6s. already, I shall settle the balance to-morrow? "A. Yes.

COURT. Q. What was it that was said? A. Johnson said, "I want some money, Gordon"—he said, "What do you want?"—Johnson said, "What can you let me have? "—Gordon said, "I Can let you have 10s.; you have had some during the week; what have you had?"—Johnson said, "5s."—Gordon said, "Then I can let you have 10s., and if you will come to-morrow night, I will let you have the remainder"—that was all.

MR. PARNELL. Q. Did he say what it was for? A. Yes—he asked what he had done with the receipt, and he said the doctor was not at home, but he had left the bill, and brought the receipt back—I think he said the 10s. was in part payment for making the purse, but I will not be positive—he said, "You have had 5s. already on the purse, and if I give you 10s. will that do?"—he said, "Yes," and he should have the remainder to-morrow—this

occurred at Mr. Davis's, the Tavistock Arms, where we generally go—nothing was said about the mark on the purse at the time.
----MR. GREGOR. I am a sadler and harness-maker, at 79, Berwick-street, Soho. I was with Gordon and Johnson on 26th May, at a public-house in Great Russell-street, nearly opposite Gordon's shop, and as they were leaving I saw Gordon put some money into Johnson's hand—I do not know what it was—I heard nothing said—I have known Gordon about two years—all the transactions I have had with him have been most honorable and I have heard every one say the same.
(John Clark, teacher of music, 5, Thornhill-street, Pentonville; Charles Mackay, Secretary to the Highland Society; George Hall Mackenzie, jew-eller, in the prisoner's employ; George Kingcomb, printer, 130, High-street, Camden Town; and Thomas John Evans, surgeon, 5, John's-row, St. Lukes, also gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.

