



2253. 




JONAS LAVER
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 sheet, value 2s. 6d.; 1 pillow, 2s. 6d.; and 1 blanket, 5s.; the goods of 



John Donovan: 1 scrap-book, 18s.; 1 work-box, 20s.; 1 necklace, 20s.; 8 napkins, 10s.; 4 printed books, 8s.; 2 irons, 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of sheets, 7s.; 1 handkerchief, 1s.; and 1 table-cloth, 2s.; the goods of 



Robert Denton.






SARAH DONOVAN
. I am the wife of John Donovan, a carpenter, and live in London-street, Tottenham-court-road. The prisoner lodged with me for sixteen months—a female lived with him, who passed as his wife—I have a cousin named Matilda Denton—she had some things in a chest of drawers in the room, occupied by the prisoner—I went to his room with my cousin, and said we wanted some things out of the drawer—he said we should not look for them—I attempted to get a box of my cousin's from under the bed, and be struck me on the hand—I missed a sheet, pillow, and blanket off the bed, and mentioned it to him—he said he would restore them in an hour—he used further violence, and I sent for a constable and gave him in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. I believe he had been unwell part of the time he was with you? A. Yes—he was in the habit of receiving a trifle of money from his father—a sovereign now and then—his wife took in needle-work—he has been ill several times, and applied to the hospital for relief, but it is some time since.





WILLIAM BLENMAN
. I live with Livermore and Co., pawnbrokers, in Tottenham-court-road. I produce a pillow pawned on the 10th of May, in

the name of "John Brown, No. 7, Grafton-street"—I do not know by whom—I have seen the counterpart of the duplicate in the policeman's possession—I have also a sheet, pawned for 2s., a work-box, for 3s., and a table-cloth for 18d.





HENRY ROBERTSON
. I live with Mr. Thompson, a pawnbroker, in Frederick-place, Hampstead-road. I produce a blanket, pawned on the 23rd of March for 3s., in the name of "John Brown, Church-street"—the policeman has the corresponding duplicate.





FRANCIS CLARK MERRY
. I live with Mr. Crouch, a pawnbroker, in Grafton-street. I produce a towel and sheet pawned on the 17th of Aug., in the name of Laver—I have seen the duplicate in the policeman's possession—I have five other parcels pawned in the name of "Laver, London-street, Charles-street," and "Henry-street"—I have no recollection of the person—it was a man.





FRANCIS HARDEN
 (police-constable E 88.) I have forty-one duplicates which I found on the prisoner—I took him to the station—fifteen of them refer to the property of the prosecutrix and her cousin—I have the counter-parts of the duplicates produced by the pawnbrokers.





JOHN WINDSOR
. I have a scrap-book pawned on the 27th of Jan., in the name of "Ann Laver."





MATILDA DENTON
. I am the wife of Robert Den ton. I have missed some articles—I found them at the pawnbrokers', Crouch, Livermore, and Harrison's.





EDWARD ROFFEY
. I am shopman to Messrs. Harrison, of Wardour-street, I produce a necklace pawned on the 23rd of Feb., for 5s., in the name of "Ann Laver"—I do not recollect the person.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY. of stealing under 5l.; Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

