



1624. 




GEORGE DE GORY DUKE



, stealing 228 lbs. of candles, value 9l. 14s. 6d.; the goods of 



William Palmer and another, his master; having been before convicted.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCIS CHATTING
. I am a wax and tallow-chandler, of Mile-end-road. About 26th Nov., 1847, the prisoner came to my shop to solicit orders—I knew him to be in Messrs. Palmers' employment, and gave him an order for twenty-four dozen lbs. of candles of various sorts—he afterwards came and delivered them himself—they were Palmers' candles—he brought this invoice (produced)—it was receipted as it is now for 9l. 14s. 6d.—I paid him—(the invoice was signed—"received, J. Peirce.")





JOHN GISSING
. In 1847 I was in Messrs. Palmers' employ—I do not know this receipt; it is not Peirce's writing—there is no entry of the invoice in our books; they are here—the prisoner was a packer, and had no authority to go out for orders or execute them—there is a Mr. Peirce in the employment, but his name is spelt differently—the prisoner was in the employment four or five years—on 7th Dec., 1847, he was so, he left on 8th or 9th of his own accord, and we did not hear of him till now—Mr. Palmer has only one partner.





CHARLES PETRIE
. I am in Messrs. Palmers' employment. I do not know the writing of this invoice—I have never made a copy of such an invoice in our books or the amount, and I have not received the amount.





EDWARD BINGHAM
 (policeman, 80 G). In consequence of information, I apprehended the prisoner on 18th July last, on a warrant dated 17th Dec. 1847—I tried to apprehend him in 1847, but could not find him.

Prisoner's Defence. No one has proved 1 took any candles; the place I worked at was 200 yards from where the candles were; I had given notice before I left that I was dissatisfied; 1 received a letter stating that there was a ship ready, and I went and shipped at Dundee, and went to Barbadoes and other places, came back, went again, and have come back again.





THOMAS HEMINGWAY
. I once carried on business with my father in the

Mile-end-road—the prisoner was then in our employment—I produce a certificate—(read—George Duke, convicted Dec. 1833—transported for seven years)—the prisoner is the person so tried and convicted—I was present.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
