



1882. 




MARY SUTTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of July, 2 sovereigns, the monies of 



James Collins.






JAMES COLLINS
. I am a milk-carrier. On the 2nd of July, at half-past twelve o'clock at night, I met the prisoner—I never saw her before, but a young man I was with, was acquainted with her—we went to a public-house, and in the end I went home with her to No. 111, Saffron-hill—we went to bed together—I had two sovereigns and a half-crown—I put the half-crown on the mantel-piece, and the two sovereigns were in the fob of my trowsers—I had not been in bed above twenty minutes, when I heard something move—the prisoner was in bed with me then—I afterwards beard a speaking at the door—when I heard that, the prisoner was not in bed—she went out to the door—I was tired, and went to sleep—I awoke about four o'clock, and found the prisoner gone, and the door unfastened, which I had fastened the night before—I saw her in custody about six o'clock.





JOHN JAMES BARNARD
 (police-constable G 110.) I had heard of this—I watched about the premises, and the prisoner came home between five and six o'clock that morning—the prosecutor had described her to me—I detained her at the door till I saw the prosecutor coming up Saffron-hill—I asked if she knew him—she said, yes—I took this handkerchief from her hand with three half-crowns and one shilling, and some halfpence—I said I took her for robbing him of two sovereigns—she said it was the first time, and she would not have had it happen for 500l., and she should never forget it, as it was on her birth-day.





EDWARD PORTER
. I keep a coffee-shop. Last Thursday the prisoner came two or three minutes after four o'clock in the morning, with two females and a young man—they ordered coffee, eggs, bacon, and bread—the prisoner paid me a sovereign, and there was one remaining in a handkerchief in her hand—I gave her six half-crowns, two shillings, and one sixpence change—she took the other sovereign away with her—she left in about twenty or twenty-five minutes.

Prisoner. It was another young woman that changed a sovereign, not me, I never had a sovereign in my hand. Witness. It was you.

Prisoner's Defence. I never had the man's money, he said he had but half-a-crown in the world, which he laid on the mantel-piece, and would not give it me, that was the reason I got up—I never had his money.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
