




1545. 




JOHN HARDING, Jun., was indicted for

 stealing 1/2 pint of marking-ink, value 15s.; the goods of 



Samuel Pickard Arnold and another, his masters; and 





RICHARD COOKE



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL PICKARD ARNOLD
. I am in partnership with my brother John—we live at No. 135, Aldersgate-street, and are ink-manufacturers. Both the prisoners have been in our employ—Harding was so till he was apprehended—Cooke had left us about five years—at the beginning of this year we missed a great deal of property, and, in consequence of some communication from Deane, I applied for a warrant to search Cooke's premises—they were searched about the 12th or 14th of June, or it might be the 16th—it was on a Tuesday—there was marking-ink and other property of ours found there—I returned with the officer from Cooke's to our own premises, and I sent for Harding down from the warehouse to the counting-House—I said to him, "I am sorry, John, to see you in such a situation; we have a very serious charge against you; it is not an affair of yesterday; I believe you have been robbing us some years, and, in order that I may be correct in the charge laid against you, I will read from a paper now before me"—this is the paper—I said, "On the 11th of March you took from our warehouse half a pint of marking-ink, and deposited that at Cooke's"—I

read the whole of the paper—he heard the whole of it—I had read the detail to him—I said, "Is this true?"—he said, "I wish I could undo what I have done; I have been made the dupe of a designing man"—I said "You know a certain person (naming him) very well; you ought to have avoided his company"—"But," I said again, "is it true? you must know if it is true or not"—he hesitated a minute, looked at the paper, and said, "Well, then, sir, it is nearly all true, it may not be quite"—I said then, "How could all this happen?"—he said, "I was led into it by a person; and when he had got me into it, he then told me, if I did not bring him what he wanted, he would tell my masters of me"—I said, "How did you contrive to take away so much marking-ink?"—he said, "I put it into bottles, and took it away at different times"—he said he hoped I would be merciful to him—I have seen the marking-ink found at Cooke's—(looking at it)—I have examined the quality of this in this quart bottle, and compared it with what we make—it corresponds in all respects with the ink we make, which is entirely made from a secret of our own—nobody but my brother and myself make this ink—we do not trust an individual with the secret—I can say that this is a part of that manufactured on our premises—it is never sent out in larger bottles than these small ones—we once sent out half a pint to a person—that must be seven or eight years ago—with that exception, it is invariably sent out in these small bottles—Cooke must have known that—he was with us four years.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How long had Harding been in your service? A. Fifteen years—his father is now with us, and has been for thirty years—we had a good opinion of the prisoner—if any person had told me that a person in our employ went to a person's to pack, I should have been displeased—Harding felt a disposition to throw himself on out mercy, and to make every reparation in his power—I was very sorry for him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long was Cooke in your service? A. Four years—he left us five years ago, and set up for himself—this in this quart bottle is the marking-ink which I experimented on—I looked at the colour, and then at the consistency of if, and then at the quickness with which it changes colour on the application of heat, which is a very great point, and distinguishes our ink very much—I have not subjected it to an analysis—I have merely examined it, and seen the effect of heat on it—some medical men make ink—there are a great many inkmakers—we think ours has been adulterated, but we never found it out—I have not examined the marking-inks of all the makers—I should think there are 500 makers—those I have seen are near the same kind of material as ours—there is nitrate of silver in all of them—it is the basis of all marking-ink—there is no marking-ink exactly like ours—what one man's ingenuity may have discovered, another's may.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Nitrate of silver is the basis of all these inks? A. Yes—an analysis would be the only mode of testing accurately whether this is ours, but I am satisfied by my experiments that it is ours.

COURT. Q. What is that in the smaller bottles? A. I have not subjected them to the same test, but from their appearance they are the same.





JAMES DEANE
. I entered Cooke's employ on the 20th of August last, and I left on the 10th of June—I saw Harding at Cooke's frequently during my service there—Cooke's premises are about 200 yards from Mr. Arnold's—I felt it my duty to make a communication to Messrs. Arnolds two days after I left Cooke's service—I remember Harding bringing to Cooke's, about

half a pint of marking-ink, on the 11th of March—he gave it to Cooke in the counting-house, and Cooke put it down on the desk—I afterwards looked, and it was marking-ink—it was not in this bottle, but in a smaller bottle, about a half-pint—it was not a regular marking-ink bottle—I should say it was a bottle used for other purposes—Cooke sold marking-ink at that time, but I never knew him make any—I afterwards saw the bottle containing the marking-ink, up stairs, and a bottle similar to this one, was under it, and it was draining into it—I had frequently seen Harding at Cooke's before the 11th of March—I had seen him bring ink-powder, and red ink before that, and oxide of iron, I believe it is called—he came sometimes two or three times a week, and sometimes he did not come for a week—he had a latch-key, and generally let himself in—there is a gateway near Cooke's, to which Cooke used to send me—he told me to wait till I saw the young man, Harding, and then I was to say to him that Mr. Cooke wanted him—I heard Harding say to Cooke on one occasion, "Don't send them close to our premises, for if our old man were to see them, or to know it, he would have some suspicion," or, "it might excite, out old man's suspicion," or words to that effect—I am sure I heard him say that—I do not recollect that Cooke made any answer—I am not certain whether that was before or after the marking-ink was brought—while 1 was at Cooke's I never knew any marking-ink to be made or to be bought by him.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. What were you before you entered Mr. Cooke's employ? A. A painter, at King's Stanley, in Glucosesteshire—I had no shop—I was working for myself—my father knew the trade before me—I was not apprentice to him—I have been in a person's employ for two months or so—I was not in great distress when Cooke took me—I certainly was glad to have a place—it was near winter—I was married, and my wife had constant work—there was no other person in the room to see this ink brought—I do not know of any person being present to see anything that I have spoken to—I was dismissed from Cooke's service—he never told me that I was a good-for-nothing fellow, or that I was not to be depended upon, and he would not keep me—I did not see., him at all times in his business—he was sometimes at work till two or three o'clock in the morning, and I was with him—he has worked late I know—I do not know that it is a rule in the business with respect to marking-ink to make it privately—I know it is a secret, and persons in pos-session of it do not wish to communicate it to others—I have been in the habit of purchasing materials for Cooke in his business—I never knew of his working at night alone—he had a boy in his service—I have been in the habit of cleaning out a pestle and mortar occasionally—I believe corrosive sublimate had been used in it—by the appearance it had only been used for one particular purpose—Cook has come home in a passion sometimes, and found fault with me—I never said I would serve him out—I remember paying Paddock 1s., which I owed him—I did not on that occasion say to him, "I have got Cooke now, and I will serve him out—I never used those words, or any similar expression—I never knew any other packer but Harding—I do not know that packing requires more experience than any other part of the business—I never attempted to pack—I knew nothing of the business before I went to Cooke's—he used to make a great quantity of inks, and have them packed and sent abroad—he made black and blue ink—he was in the habit of sending me and

others to buy materials—I never recollect his writing out a list of the things he wanted—I went by word of mouth.

COURT. Q. Did he ever intimate to you that he was in the habit of making marking-ink? A. No.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you ever get any materials applicable to making marking-ink? A. Not to my knowledge—when he worked late at night I was up with him—that was when we made ink, which was once in two or three months—he made black ink, and I assisted him—there were some new circulars brought home one day from the printer's, with a different price of ink on for our traveller to circulate—I opened and looked at them, and saw the prices—Mrs. Cooke asked me why I did it—I said it was no harm, I had seen it before it went, and I wanted to see how it was done—she said that was not all, there was an invoice opened up stairs—I said I never saw it, but that was no more harm than my letters being detained and broken open—she said, "Who did it?"—I said, "That is what I want to know"—that was the cause of my dismissal, and two days afterwards I went to Mr. Arnold's—I did not go before, as I was a young man a hundred miles from home, and I was distressed—I had but about 15s. a week—I had a child—I had a room in the house, and found my own board—I had no friends to go to—I saw Harding bring the ink powder before Christmas—I suspected something was wrong in Jan., and from that time I took a note in my book of what happened.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. This was a book in cypher, was it not, and had Feb. before Jan., and all sorts of messes in it? A. It is in cypher—this is the book—I knew marking-ink before I saw this—I had seen marking-ink at Cooke's, but did not know how it was made.





GEORGE TREW
 (City police-constable, No. 26.) I took Harding into custody—I found on him a bunch of keys, one of which is a latch-key, which opens Cooke's door.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. It would fit a great many doors, would it not? A. I cannot say—I only tried it to that door—it is a common key.





GEORGE WARDLE
 (City police-constable, No. 325.) I searched Cooke's house on Tuesday, the 17th of June—I found this bottle of marking-ink in one of the drawers of the chest in the first floor sitting-room, also these eight small bottles of marking-ink, and a quantity of ink powders, which I produce a part of, a bottle of red ink, and about 7lbs. of copperas.





SAMUEL PICKARD ARNOLD

re-examined. I have looked at all this property—I believe it to be ours—neither Harding, nor any one in our employ, had an opportunity of knowing how marking-ink was made—it was entirely private.

JURY. Q. Have you any locks on your premises that this key will fit? A. I know of nothing like it.
(Mr. Pappineau, a stationer, in Mark-lane, and Mrs. Soper, of New-street, gave Cooke a good character.)

HARDING—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutors, who engaged to take him back into their service.—



Confined six Months.—(See page 453.)

COOKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.

