





69. 




DANIEL M'CARTHY,



 JEREMIAH MALLOWS
, and 




CATHARINE CARTHY
, were indicted for

 stealing 1 wooden cask, value 1s.; and 115lbs. weight of butter, 4l. 2s.; the goods of 



Thomas Davidge; and that Mallows had been before convicted of felony.






ROBERT SMITH
. I am in the employ of Mr. Thomas Davidge—he lives in the Minories. He had a cask of butter safe at his shop about half-past five o'clock in the evening, on the 1st of Nov.—the butter weighed 115lbs., and was worth 4l. 2s.—the cask is here—there are marks upon it by which I know it is my master's—I missed it about half-past five, about two minutes after I had seen it safe.





HENRY CHAPMAN
 (City police-constable, No. 648.) I was on duty in High-street, Aldgate, about six o'clock in the evening, on the 1st of Nov., and saw the three prisoners—M'Carthy had the cask of butter on his shoulder—Mallows was walking on his right side, and Carthy on his left—when she saw me pass them, she fell back in the rear of the two men, and I turned back to pursue them—Carthy immediately said, "Oh, he is done"—M'Carthy then dropped the cask of butter, and ran down Petticoat-lane—I pursued him, and Mallows ran off—I took M'Carthy, and Carthy attempted to rescue him—she was very violent, and nearly bit my left cheek off—she threw her arms round my neck, and said, "You shan't have him now"—M'Carthy resisted very much, and others attempted to rescue him.






EDWARD BURGESS
 (police-constable H 198.) I went about half-past eight o'clock that night to a beer-shop, and found Mallows sitting there—I had not spoken to him, but he ran out when he saw me—I pursued, and took him—I told him I wanted him for the firkin of butter out of the Minories—he said, "I did not take it; you can't lag me for it."

Mallows. Q. Do you know me? A. Yes, I know you to be an associate of thieves—I never saw you thieving.





MICHAEL CONNEY
 (police-constable H 138.) I went after Carthy, she was not at home—I went to a beer-shop, and found her—I took the bonnet and shawl, which were found where she attempted to rescue M'Carthy from the officer.

Mallows. Q. Do you know me? A. Yes, I have seen you with thieves.

M'Carthy's Defence. I was in a public-house, and ran out and was stopped by the policeman.

Mallows's Defence. When M'Carthy was taken to the station, the officer said to him, "You won't be here alone, I will fetch your companion;" and he went and fetched me. I had not been out that night.





WILLIAM GILL
 (City police-constable, No. 538.) I produce a certifi-cate of the prisoner Mallows's former conviction, by the name of Jeremiah Mallows, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man—he was then tried in the Old Court.

Mallows. It was in this Court where I am now.

M'CARTHY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

MALLOWS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

CARTHY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.






Transported for Seven Years
.
