



1688. 




ROBERT MITCHIE
was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Gardner, about the hour of four in the night of the 
30th of April, at 

St. Giles-in-the-fields, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 pencil-case, value 2s.; 8 studs, value 1l.; 16 sovereigns, and 1 ₤5 note; his property.






EDWARD GARDNER.
I am a bottle-merchant, living in Great Wildstreet, in the parish of St Giles-in-the-fields. The prisoner took a lodging in the back-room on the third floor of my house, on the 1st of April, in company with another lad rather less than himself—they continued there upwards of four weeks—they left early on Friday, the 1st of May, I cannot say the precise time—after they left, I went into my parlour about eight o'clock in the morning, and found a drawer of a chest had been broken open—it was locked again, and I cannot say in what way it had been broken open—Mrs. Gardner tried it first with her key—she could not open it—I tried it with mine, and could not open it, but in shaking it the lock dropped down—I missed from there a leather bag, containing sixteen sovereigns, a pocket-book containing a ₤5 note, and a pair of gold studs, and sundry papers, a silver pencil-case, and some silver coins, which I could not number exactly—the studs were gold with a turquoise stone in the centre—I had seen the leather bag, and the pocket-book last about eleven o'clock on the Thursday night, the 30th of April—I went to the prisoner's room about nine o'clock that morning, and discovered in the fire-place, covered with a towel, the pocket-book, and the leather bag which had contained the sovereigns—there✗ were no sovereigns, or Bank-notes, or studs, but all the papers were in the pocket-book—they were not disturbed—I saw the prisoner in custody about a month afterwards—I had not seen him in the meantime—his companion was sentenced last Sessions—they both went by the name of Mitchie at my house—I have the silver pencil-case in my possession, which I had when the other prisoner was convicted—I am not sure that that had been in that drawer.





JAMES SUTHERLAND.
I am Borough officer for Edinburgh, and live at Edinburgh. I apprehended the prisoner on Tuesday the 12th of May, at Roastan, a small village eight miles from Edinburgh—I charged him with robbing Mr. Gardner, of Great Wild-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, London—on commencing to search him I saw him take from his pocket a gold stud, which he handed to my assistant, who handed it to me immediately—I did not tell him it would be better for him if he would confess what he had done, or worse if he did not—I asked him how he committed the robbery—he said the boy who lodged along with him, of the name of Gilbert, stole the key of the cellar—he said he had lived at Mr. Gardner's, in London—he said he had observed Mr. Gardner putting money into a drawer of a chest of drawers, in the back-parlour, and they both agreed to break open that drawer, and carry off the property, and that Gilbert stole the key of the cellar, underneath Mr. Gardner's shop—they entered the cellar, and there is a hatchway from the cellar to the shop, and that he held Gilbert on his shoulder up the hatchway to the shop, and that he himself had considerable difficulty in getting up; that they lighted the candle in the shop from lucifer-matches, which they had procured, looked round the

shop, and found a screw-driver, and forced a drawer, in a cheat of drawers, in the hack-parlour, and took from it fifteen sovereigns, two gold studs, a dark coloured leather pocket-book, containing a 5l. Bank of England note; and that be got for his share six sovereigns, the 5l. Bank of England note, and the two gold studs; that they placed the pocketbook in the fire-place, came out of the room, locked the door, and pushed the key underneath the door—I only got one stud from him—he said he had lost the other—another gold stud was delivered to me by Gilbert's father—they are both here—the prisoner is a Scotch lad—I carried him the same night before the Magistrate, he was committed, and detained till an officer came from Bow-street for him—this is the stud I received from my assistant.

Prisoner. Q. Where was I? A. Standing in a garden in front of the house, belonging to the family where yon lodged—you neither ran away nor came forward—I did not say, "Well, Bob, I want you in Edinburgh"—my assistant asked for the studs, and you gave this to him—I stopped on the road for the purpose of feeding the horse, and giving you refreshment—I did not search you after that—we had a quartern of spirits among three of us—it was a very wet night, and rained two hours and a half, and we were out the whole time—I did not say you would be likely to get away, if you told all about it—I said that Gilbert was found, but not that you was to be a witness—you said that Gilbert gave you a ₤5 note, and six sovereigns, in your room at Mr. Gardner's house—you did not say it was in Birmingham; you said you lost Gilbert in Birmingham; that you went to the theatre, and Gilbert never came to his lodging; that when you left Mr. Gardner's house, you walked in London streets all night, and in the morning went by the Birmingham Railroad.





ALEXANDER KERR
(police-constable F12.) I live in Long-acre. On the 3rd of June, the prisoner was delivered into my custody, at the Caltonhill gaol, Edinburgh—I brought him to London, I told him it was for robbing Mr. Gardner, of Great Wild-street—I made him no promise or threat he did not deny it at all—I asked him if it was all true that was alleged against him—he said Gilbert was the worst of the two, and that he had only received six sovereigns of the money, and two gold studs—we arrived in London about half-past five o'clock, on Friday, the 5th of June—I brought the studs from Edinburgh, and handed them over to Sutherland—I received them from Mr. Dymond, the public prosecutor.

Prisoner. Q. What day of the month was it you saw me? A. Tuesday, the 2nd of June—I put you on board the steamer—I do not remember saying on board, "Do you mean to deny those papers I have in my pocket? "—I did not say, "Perhaps I would make yon tell me something before we get✗ to London"—I kept the handcuffs on you all the time, excepting while you were at meals—I put you down in the hold—you slept on two sails, as you were very sulky—I kept the handcuffs on you all night—I said I would have you properly secured all the way, when I found you were so sulky—I attended you the whole day on the deck, and at your meals—there was a ladder fastened over the hold.

MR. GARDNER.This stud is mine—I bought it in the Palais Royale, at Paris, three or four years ago, and have been in the habit of using it occasionally—this was in my pocket-book—the house is my dwellinghouse—I occupy it, and sleep there.

Prisoner's Defence. On the 1st of May, about half-past twelve o'clock,

I went into the house—a women let me in—I went into my room, and Gilbert told me that he had got some money from Edinburgh, from a person he had written to several times, that he had had a cheque on his father's banker's, and he had got the money—I said, "That will do finely"—he said, "Bob, we will go away"—I said, "Why not stop here, we will be better here"—he said his father and mother would be angry—he said, "Come and take a walk at any rate"—we went out, and walked till four o'clock, and met a captain of a ship, at the Tower—he spoke to Gilbert—we went into a public-house—he gave the captain some drink—I asked Gilbert how much he had got—he said, 20l.—he gave the captain a sovereign, there was an officer, and he gave him something, and then he said he would go by the Birmingham Railway—we went, and got to Birmingham by eleven o'clock—he was going out—I asked, where—he said, "To the billiard table"—I stopped in the house till he came back, about six o'clock—he gave me six sovereigns, and said they would pay my passage to Edinburgh—I said, "I think I will go to the theatre"—Gilbert was not well, and would not go—when I came back I saw a letter written.—"Dear Bob—I am sorry to inform you I have broken into Mr. Gardner's shop, and stolen the key of the cellar, and got up and found a chisel, and I burned it, as I was afraid." I then went to bed, and in the morning I thought I would go to Liverpool, thinking he would be there before me—I told the person to be sure and send him if he came in—I went to Liverpool, and watched till one o'clock at the railway, to see if he came—he did not come—I went to the boat, and went down to Glasgow, and stopped there all Sunday, and the next morning I went away to Edinburgh, and went to the house—they asked where I came from, I told them—I slept in the house all night, and remained there two nights—I heard one night that there was search going to be made after me, as a partaker in the robbery, and that Gilbert was taken—I stopped about five days, and then Sutherland came and said, "Bob, you are wanted in Edinburgh, " and he asked if I had any property—I said, "No"—he said I must go to Edinburgh—they asked about the robbery—I told what I knew about it—Sutherland said, they wanted to make me a witness against Gilbert, and gave me two glasses of spirits—then they took me to gaol—I was there three weeks—an officer took me on board the ship, and told all the people what I was there for, and said he would make me tell him something—he said, did I mean to deny the papers that he had in his pocket? —I said, "Yes, " I did not know what they were.




GUILTY.Aged 17.—Of stealing in the dwelling-house above the value of 5l.

✗ 


Transported for Ten Years

✗ See Seventh Session, p. 51.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
