




1416. 




JOHN FINN
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
23rd of February, 2 gowns, value 30s., 1 shawl, value 10s., and 1 brooch, value 2s., the goods of 



Mary Ann Fosdike; and that he had been before convicted of felony: and 




MICHAEL FINN



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN FOSDIKE
. I was on a visit at the house of Mr. Everall, at the Duke on Horseback public-house, in Holland-street—he is not related to me—I had a shawl, two gowns, and a brooch there—these now produced are them—one gown is Orleans cloth—I gave 30s. for it—I had not worn it a great deal—the other gown I have had some time—it is worth about half-a-crown—the shawl I gave 30s. for, last Christmas twelvemonth—the brooch was given me by a gentleman—it is Mosaic about ten o'clock on the morning of Wednesday, the 23rd of February, John Finn and a lad named Davis came to the house—they brought a piece of beef-steak and a piece of bread with them—they asked for permission to dress the beef-steak, which I gave them—they remained in the house about an hour and a half, and left about eleven o'clock—my clothes were in my bedroom, up two flight of stairs—I went up stairs to clean myself at twenty minutes past eleven o'clock, and missed my clothes there had been no one in the house but these two lads—there was no Jew named Slipey, or any other person there—I had some conversation with Davis while he was there—he asked me whether I knew him, and told me who he was—that was in presence of John Finn—the next morning I saw Davis at his mothers—he and his mother and father went with me to the house of James Wright, a dealer in marine stores, in Red Cross-street—there was a great many second-hand clothes and things in the shop—in consequence of something said to Wright he produced the clothes to me—Davis's mother paid him some money—I cannot say how much—I saw some silver pass—she paid it for the redemption of the clothes, and the things were delivered to me—I heard Wright say he gave 12s. 6d. for them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Mrs. Davis was a friend of yours, was she not? A No—I had not known her before—I, Davis, and Wright did not arrange that we would let Davis off as easily as possible—I told his mother I would freely forgive him if he would tell me where they were, that I might get them back—the clothes were got back, and on the Tuesday following the prisoners were given into custody—the only person who had any conversation with me was Davis—he did not claim

acquaintance with me—he asked me whether I knew his father—I said no, I did not.





ELIZABETH DAVIS
. I am the wife of John Davis, and the mother of the boy. On Wednesday, the 23rd of February, the prosecutrix came to me and told me what she had lost—in consequence of what she said to me I spoke to my son, in consequence of which he told me where the property was—I agreed with the prosecutrix, and went with her and my husband and son to Wright—when we got there these articles were produced—I paid 12s. 6d. for them to Wright—the prosecutrix had promised to forgive my son if she got the property.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe your son told you he was a party to the stealing? A. Yes, distinctly.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who did he tell you was the other party to the stealing? A. John Finn—he said he took the bundle from John Finn.





JAMES WRIGHT
. I am a clothes and bottle-merchant, in Red Cross-street—I know Michael Finn by sight—on Wednesday, the 23rd of February last, he came to my shop alone—I had seen him before in the street, but not to speak to him—he brought these two gowns, shawl, and brooch—he asked 1l. for them, and asked if I would buy them—I asked him whether they were his property—he said they were—I said it was too much—I examined the goods—I supposed him to be twenty-three or twenty-four years of age—I believed him when he said the goods were his own—I thought he might have bought them to sell again as I do—I did not ask him where he lived—I did not ask him whether he bought them to sell again—I said I would give him 12s. and no more—he took them away and refused to sell them to me—he came back in about twenty minutes or a quarter of an hour, and said I should have—them for I4s.—I said the goods were not worth more than 16s., I would give him 12s. 6d. and that was all I would give him; if he did not like it, to take the goods out of the place—he took the money and went away—between eight and nine o'clock the next morning, in came five parties to me, and asked if I had purchased the goods of Davis—I said no, I had never seen him; I bought them of a young man who stated he had had the goods for crockery ware—(Michael Finn had told me he had them for crockery ware)—in consequence of the description given of the goods I produced them—the prosecutrix said, "They were stolen out of my house"—I said I was very sorry for it—I told them what I had given for them—they put the money on the counter, and asked me if I gave that money for them—I said, "Yes, that is the money I gave for them"—they were going out of the shop—I stopped the prosecutrix and said, if I saw the party who sold them to me, should I give him in charge?—she said, "No, we do not wish to prosecute for the sake of Davis"—on the 2nd of March I was in the Hat and Feathers public-house, with a friend—I saw Michael Finn there—I called him outside and said I was sorry he had brought the things to me, for he knew they were stolen—he said, "I did not know they were stolen, they were given to me to sell by a party who said he had had them for crockery ware"—he said nothing about trade.

Cross-examined. Q. You returned these on receiving 12s. 6d,? A. Yes, they seemed respectable people—I believed they were stolen then—I did not ask for the 12s. 6d.—I did not offer to let them go without.





JOHN BLUNDKLL
. I am a City-policeman. I was in Gravel-lane

on Wednesday, the 2nd of March, and saw Michael Finn in conversation with Wright—I took him into custody, and told him what he was charged with—he said he was sorry for his mother, but not sorry for himself.

Cross-examined. Q. What was the exact expression he used? A. He did not care for himself, but was sorry for his mother.





WILLIAM HENRY WOLLEN
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information, I went to the prosecutrix on Tuesday, the 1st of March—from what she said to me, I went to the house of Davis's mother, and received charge of Davis—I produce the shawl, two gowns, and brooch.

Cross-examined. Q. You received charge of Davis? A. Yes, he was brought to Newgate as a prisoner, and admitted to bail—a bill was preferred against him, which the grand jury threw out.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you the officer in attendance at the examination of the prisoners? A. Yes, I saw the clerk write down what was said at the time by each of them, and they put their marks to it—these are the examinations—(read.)
"Michael Finn says, 'The prisoner Davis gave me the things to sell; my brother was with him; they did not tell me where they got the things; I sold them for 12s. 6d.'" "The prisoner, John Finn, says, 'I did not take the things; it was Slipey, a Jew, who was with us, that had the things; it is false what the prosecutrix says, that there was no other person there; she asked me to get change for 6d. for a man that was there.'"





JOHN DAVIS
. I am sixteen years old. I have known John Finn about twelve months. On Wednesday morning, I met him in William-street, Blackfriars-road—he had some meat and some bread—he did not say any thing to me about it—he bought the meat and bread while I was with him—he asked me if I would go with him to the Duke on Horseback—we took the meat there, cooked it, and we had some beer—after that he took off his shoes in the tap-room, and went up stairs—when he came down he had a bundle—he was going to put it out of window—I said, "Don't put it out of window, I will take it out under my arm"—I did so—I went out first, and waited outside—in about five minutes he came out—I went with him to his house. No. 19, York-street, Black friars-road, and left the bundle there—I never go by the name of Slipey—there was no Jew or any person with us at the Duke on Horseback—I afterwards went with him to the Hat and Feathers public-house, and saw Michael Finn there-John told him he had a bundle, and asked him to go and sell it—he went with us home to his own house, and afterwards we went to Wright's shop, and sold the things for 8s. 6d., so Michael Fim told me—he gave me 3s. 6d. John Finn had 3s. 6d., and Michael 1s. 6d.

John Finn. Slipey had the rest. Witness. I do not know slipey.


John Finn. Slipey is the one that went up stairs.





MARY ANN FOSDIKE

re-examined. There was no third person there who could be called Slipey there was no one in the tap-room but the two boys.

John Finn. Q. Did not you send me out for change for 6d., for a man? A. There was a gentleman in front of the bar, who had a glass of ale, but he went away immediately—he did not come in at all—I am sure he was not Slipey


John Finn. I went next door, got change for 6d., and put the half-pence

on the counter. Witness. I sent him for change—I did not go up stairs till five or ten minutes after the boys were gone.





GEORGE VINCENT
. I was a policeman of the M division—I produce a certificate of John Finn's former conviction, in May, 1839—(read)—he is the person—I was present at his trial.

JOHN FINN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Convict Ship.

MICHAEL FINN-

NOT GUILTY
.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

