




23. 




JAMES OWEN
 and 




JAMES PARKER
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Frederick Webster, about three in the night of the 
6th of Nov., at 

St. Leonard, Shoreditch, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 bed curtain, value 4s.; 1 night-gown, 2s.; 1 shift, 1s. 6d.; 1 apron, 1s.; 2lbs. weight of tobacco, 7s.; 21bs. weight of sweetmeats, 3s.; and 12 fruit pies, 1s.; his property; and that Parker had been before convicted of felony; to which


OWEN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years
.





FREDERICK WEBSTER
. I live at No. 47, Holywell-lane, Shoreditch. On Wednesday night, the 6th of Nov., I went over my house about half-past eleven o'clock, and fastened it all—I went to bed about half-past twelve, which was my usual time—I was awoke by the police as near four o'clock as possible, knocking at the door—I came down, and found that some one had broken into my back window—they had forced the window up, and got in—the front door was open, and the police there, waiting for my coming down—I missed a quantity of confectionary, tobacco, some fruit pies, some bed furniture, a chemise, and some little things belonging to my wife—the prisoner Owen is my nephew—I do not know anything of Parker—I understand his parents are honest people—I had a package of fusees, which I had taken from a bundle over night—I had had them for two years, and I took one from the packet, to try them to see whether they were good or bad—it is a thing to light a pipe with—I had left them on the back parlour mantel-piece, and in the morning they were gone—I had nailed my back parlour window, because I had been robbed previously—they had got over a wall into my back yard, and up to the window—I have had Owen under my care for some time, and he has no friend to look to but myself—his father is not a man that has looked after him as he ought—he is just turned sixteen years old—I cannot account for his robbing me—I have tried to learn him my business, and thought he was going on well—I have a friendly feeling towards him, and also towards Parker—the policeman and I went down a passage by the side of my house, and there we saw the bed furniture and night-gown,—I advised the policeman to place the things where he found them, and watch to see who came for them—I was inside while he watched—I did not see them come for the things, and did not see them in their possession.





ANTHONY HUTCHINS
 (policeman.) On Thursday morning, the 7th of Nov., I was on duty in Holywell-lane, about four o'clock, and saw Mr. Webster's door open—I knocked at the door, and Mr. Webster came—I found an entrance had been effected through the back parlour window—in the passage by the house, I found a gown, bedgown, shift, and apron, concealed in a hole—I left them there, and watched—I saw Parker afterwards come to the hole, and pick the property up—Owen was with him—I took the property in to the prosecutor, and he identified it.

MR. WEBSTER
re-examined. Hutchins showed me some property, which he said he picked up in the passage, and afterwards some which he took from the hole—it was the same—he had placed it there till they came back, and watched that he might detect them—it was my property, which I had lost that night—the bed furniture I can identify, but the other things I cannot—the bed furniture was taken from a drawer—this now produced is it.

Prisoner Parker. The policeman said at the office that I was going to pick the bundle up, and put it down again; and now he says I did pick it up.





ANTHONY HUTCHINS

re-examined. I saw Parker pick this furniture up from the hole, where I found it concealed at first—I placed it back,

and watched to see if the prisoners came back for it—about half-past five they came back—Parker went up the court for the property, while Owen waited outside, on the look-out—I saw Parker pick up the property and run across the street, and on seeing me, he placed it in the hole again—I stated before the Magistrate that I saw him pick it up and replace it.





ISAAC NEWTON
. I produce a certificate of Parker's former conviction—(read—Convicted on the 10th of June, 7th Viet., of larceny, and 
Confined two days)—I saw the person tried—the prisoner is the person.

PARKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years
.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
