




2186. 




THOMAS FITZGERALD
 and 




THOMAS COOMBS
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 till, value 6d.; 1 shilling, 4 sixpences, 1 groat, 30 pence, 76 halfpence, and 48 farthings; the property of 



Elizabeth Gadd; and that Fitzgerald had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH GADD
. I am a widow, and keep a general shop in Regent-street, Lambeth. On the 6th of July, about half-past twelve o'clock, Annetts came in and told me something, and I missed my till from under my counter, where I had seen it safe about half an hour before—it had about 10s. in it, in silver and copper—there were some farthings, halfpence, pence, and one or two shillings—this is my till.





EDWIN JAMES ANNETTS
. I live in Caroline-street, Lambeth-walk. About

twelve o'clock on the 6th of July I was in Lambeth-walk—I saw the prisoners together—they turned down Regent-street—Fitzgerald went into one shop previous to his going to Mrs. Gadd's—he came out again, and they went down Regent-street—I saw Coombs standing out by a post—Fitzgerald went into Gadd's shop, and came out with the till in his two hands—they then both turned round the corner, and were out of sight—I have been in the police, and had seen both the prisoners before, and knew them—I pursued them at fast as I could—they ran down Dorie-street—there is a kind of bend in that street, and I lost sight of them, but just as I got near the corner I heard the sound of money rattling—I got round the corner, and saw these two farthings—the prisoner had got rid of the till, and had something in the centre of a handkerchief, and both of them had hold of it—I called, "Stop thief," but I could not catch them—I went to a garden at the corner of Dorie-street, and the persons said they had picked up the till—I got this till there—the prisoners had passed that place as they were going—I am superannuated through injuries I received in the force.

Fitzgerald. Q. Where were you when I brought out the till? A. Some distance up Regent-street—I am positive of you, because I had seen you numbers of times, and I saw you come down the street.

Coombs. Q. How far were you off when I was by the post? A. About thirty yards—I did not say at Union-hall that I was 200 yards off—I knew you.

Fitzgerald's Defence. I was at home at the time of the robbery; I stopped in my own neighbourhood for three weeks after, before I was taken; this man is taking a false oath.

Coombs's Defence. I can prove that I was at Chatham, selling skewen and brushes; I do not know this lad; I never saw him in my life.





WILLIAM COMPTON
 (police-constable P 159.) I produce a certificate of Fitzgerald's former conviction, which 1 got at the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—( read)—he is the person.

FITZGERALD—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


COOMBS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

