



408. 




EDMUND WEBBER
 was indicted

for embezzlement.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES KIRTON.
 I am a corn-chandler, and live in Charles-street, Middlesex Hospital. I am a customer of Giles and Co.—on the 11th of Dec. I owed them 56l.6s, which I paid to the prisoner, in notes and gold, on the 11th of Dec.—I had known him as a Giles's clerk some years.





HENRY ASTE.
 I am a corn-chandler, and live in Tottenham Court-road. I deal with Mr. Giles—on the 5th of Oct. I purchased to the amount of 626l. 11s. 4d., which became due tow months after, on the 5th of Dec.—I paid it to the prisoner on the 4th of Dec., being market-day—on the 7th of Oct. I purchased to the amount of 718l.11s.10d. of Mr. Giles, which became due on the 7th of Dec.—I paid that to the prisoner on the 7th of Dec., by this check.





FREDERICK KERCHEVALL.
 I am chief clerk to Mr. James Sharpe Giles—he has no partner. The prisoner has been in his employ about eight years—he was a clerk under me—it was part of his duty to collect money from customers—this is what we call our long-book, used at market, containing the original entries of what sales are made on the particular dates—I find on the 5th of Oct. a sale to Aste, 626l.11s.4d., and on the 7th of Oct., 718l.11s.10d.—those sums became payable at two months after the sales—it was the prisoner's duty to collect them—he kept the book produced for that purpose—it is his collecting-book—it is his duty to make it out from the market-book—to copy it from the market-book—here is no entry in the collecting-book, on the 5th of Oct., of Mr. Aste's transaction—his name is not mentioned—on the 12th he has an entry, 626l. 11s. 4d., as if the sale took place on that day—there is no entry whatever on the 7th—there is no entry of the 718l. odd on the 7th, and that is not in the book at all—here is another book, which we call the market cash-book, containing the various sums received from the different buyers on the different dates stated, togehter with the transactions to which it refers—whoever received money at market would give it to the prisoner, and before he went to the banker's, in the afternoon, he would enter the various sums, which is done by putting the checks on the City banker's in an alphabetical list, first casting them up, and then entering the amounts, making the exact amount received—it was his duty to enter all sums he received on account of Mr. Giles—the other clerks who received would enter in this book, and give the money to the prisoner—there are several handwritings in it—the prisoner would see that he had the money, and write on the opposite page the different kinds of money of which it was composed, checks, notes, or cash—he ought to enter on the credit side of the book the sum paid into the banker's—I find no entry of 56l. 6s. 6s. from Kirton, neither the name nor amount—the entries of the day, except two, are in the prisoner's writing—the discharge on the other side is his writing—he paid into the bank that day 1, 508l. 14s. 3d.—here is another amount afterwards of 45l. received from James Ford, after making up the cash for the day, and it was paid into the banker's—Kirton's name does not appear, nor does any corresponding amount of 56l. 6s. appear to have been received in any way whatever—I find no entry in the cash account, on the 4th Dec., on the side where he enters what he has received, of the amount of 626l. from Mr. Aste, neither the amount nor name—on the discharge side I find an entry of a check on Spooner's of 599l.17s.6d.—that indicates that he has carried to Smith and Payen's a check on Spooner's for that amount—I find no entry in the cash account of the 7th of Dec. of 718l.11s.10d. received from Aste, neither name

nor amount, nor on the 8th—on the 9th Henry Aste is credited for 626l. 11s. 4d., relating to the transaction of the 12th of Oct.; and on the discharge side there is a check on Barclay's for 626l. 11s. 4d.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. These dealings are extremely large, are they not? A. Yes—9, 000l., or 10, 000l., passed through his hands from the 30th of Nov. till he was given into custody, on the 12th of Dec.—very likely from 20, 000l., to 30, 000l., a month passed through his hands—the names of all the persons described as paying money on the 11th of Dec. are entered—this 45l., odd is in the prisoner's writing—I should say it was made immediately after he balanced his cash, before he went to the banker's, because he paid it in—I have gone as far back into the books as business would allow, and have no doubt these sums have been taken latterly to cover other sums originally taken—the prisoner admitted that to me himself, and there is no doubt of it from the books—we distinguish in the books the account of checks and money—we should put coutt's checks under a line, to keep them from those bankers who clear, and then the checks on bankers who do not clear—he paid into the bank 225l. in bank notes, and 66l.10s. in money, on the 11th—there is no item on the debit side applying to 225l., or 66l., because many customers pay partly by check and partly by money—it does not appear what sums are paid by cash—we have no means of telling with certainty, but I myself know who the different parties' bankers are.





JOHN WALLIS.
 I am clerk to Messrs. Barclay—Mr. Aste has an account with our house—these two checks for 626l. 11s., and 718l. 11s. 10d., have been paid by our house through the clearing.





ARTHUR PUGH
 I am clerk to Messers. Smith and payne—the prosecutors keep cash with us—here is the book in which the particular payments made to our house are first entered—the prisoner was in the habit of paying money on Giles's account daily—he usually brought a list of the checks on a slip of paper, and I detach the portion containing the clearing lists, and enter the other checks from his paper—on the 4th of Dec. he paid in, on Giles's account, 2, 619l., 18s., and 49l.10s. a check on Young's—I pasted in my book the list he brought—here is a check on Barclay for 526l. 17s. 6d.—on the 9th he paid in 2, 532l., 12s. 5d.—that consisted of a check on Barclay's for 718l. 11s. 6d. among others—there was no check paid on that day, on Barclay's for 626l.11s. 4d.





WILLIAM GILES.
 I have received a letter from the prisoner enclosing 40l. 4s.




GUILTY. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The prosecutors stated the prisoner's defalcation to be from 1, 200l. to 1, 400l.—There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
