



257. 




SARAH DIPROSE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of Nov., 1 table-cloth, value 9s.; the goods of 



Joseph Clayworth; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH CLAYWORTH
. I am the wife of Joseph Clayworth; he is a poulterer; we live in Bishopsgate-street-Without. The prisoner worked for me as a charwoman on the 16th of Nov.—she left about seven o'clock in the evening—at ten I missed a table-cloth—I sent for the prisoner the next morning, and charged her with taking it—this is it—I went to Mr. Fry's, in Whitechapel-road, where it had been pledged, and saw it again—it is worth 8s. or 9s.—it has been stained with a cup of coffee.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You do not mean to say that this is worth 8s. or 9s.? A. Yes—I bought it about four months ago, and gave 11s. for it—I occupy apartments in thelouse—it belongs to Mr. London—his servant had waited on me, as one of the lodgers, previously, but she did not do so that week—this was on a Saturday—my husband had spilled some coffee on this cloth—the servant had not handed it to the prisoner to be washed—the servant had not been in—I sent for the prisoner on the Sunday morning—she at first strongly denied it—she afterwards told me she had got the cloth—I said if she would bring it back on the Monday I would forgive her—she said she would come back the next morning—the policeman said, perhaps she would leave her lodging, and he said, "I will take your ring in charge"—I would not let him take her, and he said if she would leave her ring perhaps she would come back; but it was a brass one—she came on Monday with a pawnbroker's declaration—she said she would bring the cloth in three hours, she had burnt the duplicate—she laid the declaration on the table, but she took it away again, and I saw no more of her till the policeman had her in charge.





JAMES WILLIAMSON
. I am in the service of Mr. Fry, a pawnbroker in Whitechapel-road—I produce this table-cloth, which was pawned by the prisoner on the 16th of Nov., about, the middle of the day, in the name of "Ann Brown, No. 6, Union-street, Whitechapel."

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known her before? A. No—I never saw her before—I am certain she is the woman—she came on the Monday morning, and said she had lost the duplicate, and I caused a delaration to be given her.





NATHANIEL JACKSON
 (police-constable H 114.) I took the prisoner.





JAMES HAMS
 (police-constable K 21.) I produce a certificate of the

prisoner's former conviction, by the name of Sarah Dupross, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted on the 10th of May, 4th Vict, and transported for seven years, having then been previously convicted)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
