




1392. 




JOHN HALL
 and 




JOHN HALL
, junior, were indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 



Ebenezer West, at 
St. Clement Danes, on the 
29th of April, and stealing therein 10 pairs of boots, value 1l. 5s.; 16 pairs of shoes, value 1l. 12s.; 6 other boots, value 2s.; and 1 other shoe, value 6d.; his goods.






EBENEZER WEST
. I keep a shoe-shop at No. 4, Vere-street, Clare-market; I do not five there. On the 29th of April I left it about eleven o'clock—I cannot say the day of the week—I know it was the 29th—I was before the Magistrate on the 30th—Lshut the door, and locked and, padlocked it—the shutters were also fattened by a bar, and bolted inside—I was sent for to the shop at eight o'clock next mornings and found the lock and padlock broken, and the articles stated gone—I did not know exactly what quantity was gone, but when I got to Bow-street the same morning I found ten pairs of boots, sixteen pairs of shoes, and some odd ones—they were my property, and part of what I missed from my shop—the elder prisoner lodged in the three-pair front room of the house where my shop is—I have seen him pass up and down—I do not know whether the younger prisoner lived there—I have seen his lace before.





JOHN WATSON
. I am going on for fifteen years of age—I live with my parents, but work for Mr. Furley, next door to the prosecutor's. One evening, I cannot exactly say the day, (I think it was the 29th, it was the day before I went before the Justice,) I was returning home with my mistress, about half-past twelve o'clock, and saw a light in Mr. West's shop—the street and shop doors were both open—thinking my master might be there, I went up to the door, and saw the elder prisoner picking up boots and shoes in the shop—he saw me and my mistress, got up as quick as he could, and slammed the door in our faces—I then stood on the knocker of the door, looked over the fanlight, and saw the elder prisoner going up stairs, with as many boots and shoes under his arm as he could carry—I knew him before by sight, by going up and down stairs at Mr. West's—I am sure he is the man—I saw Mr. West next morning, when he came to his shop, and told him what I had seen—I went to Bow-street the same evening, and saw the elder prisoner there—I do not know what time it was I saw. Mr. West.





EBENEZER WEST
. re-examined. I saw Watson after I got to my shop next morning—I did not notice at what time—it was before twelve o'clock—I had been to Bow-street before I saw him, and saw the younger prisoner in custody—I went again to Bow-street that evening—Watson was there then, and the elder prisoner was then in custody.





EMILY ANGELO FURLEY
. I came home with Watson—I went to Mr. West's shop, thinking my husband was there, as I saw a light in the shop—I was going in, and saw the elder prisoner picking up the boots and shoes—I saw him with boots and shoes under his arm—he shut the door in our faces—I went out into the road, looked through the fan-light, and saw him going up the first flight of stairs, which are straight before the door—I, afterwards saw the light go into the third-floor front-room.


John Hall, sen. They could not see the stairs, it is impossible—there is a long passage, and the stairs turn round a corner. Witness. I did see the stairs—I first of all saw him come from the water-closet into the shop, and then saw him picking up the boots and shoes—the stairs do turn a little—there is a straight passage, and then you must turn a little to get on the stairs, but I am sure I saw him going up the stairs.





JEREMIAH DONOGHUE
. I rent this house—the elder prisoner lodged in the third-pair front-room—I have seen the younger prisoner there, coming in and out sometimes—the elder prisoner's wife took the room of me, and I afterwards saw the young man going up and down stairs—I could not swear whether he slept in the house—I never knew any thing wrong of the old roan while he lived with me.





JOHN JAMES ALLEN
 (police-constable E 159.) On the 29th of April, a little after twelve o'clock, 1 was on duty in Tottenham Court-road, and saw the younger prisoner passing up Tottenham Court-road with a bag on his shoulder, going towards Windmill-street from Percy-street—I met a brother constable, and we followed him—he went to a marine-store shop, and knocked at the door—directly he saw us he asked if that was No. 32—I said I did not know what the number of the house was, and asked what he had in his bag—he said he did not know—I asked where be got it—he said at the corner of Wardour-street, from a man who he had been in the habit of working for, and who lived at Paddington—we took him and the bag to the station-house, and found it contained boots and shoes—these are them—(producing them).





FREDERICK SHAW
 (police-constable E 114.) I took the property into my possession—it has been locked up in the station-house ever since, under my charge—I am positive it is the same—they were produced at Bow-street the morning the younger prisoner was there.





EBENEZER WEST

re-examined. I can swear these are my property—some are my own work, and some my men's work—they are second-hand ones which I have repaired—I have brought six odd boots and an odd shoe to match with them—here are two boots which I have brought from my shop, which match two found in the bag—they have my stamp-mark on them, and here are others with the same stamp on them—I can swear they are my property, by being under my notice so long.

John Hall, sen. Defence. I was at work up stairs at the time of the robbery, finishing off two pairs of trowsers—my son came up, seemingly half drunk, but I do not believe he was—he said he should not sleep at home that night—" You won't," said his mother—" No," said he—she said he bad better stop at home—he made an excuse to go below, took a light, and went down—he came up in five or ten minutes, made a frivolous excuse, and down he went again—his sister said, "I am sure John is up to no good"—his mother look the candle, and went down to see what he was doing—directly she got below he knocked the candle out of her hand—she called out for a light, and came up stairs—I then went down, and looked about, but could not find him any where—I saw the street-door half open—I shut it, and came up stairs again—that is all I know about it.

John Hall, jun. Defence. I am a scavenger. On the 28th of April I was at work at Paddington, all day—I returned home before eleven o'clock three parts drunk—I was to go to work that night at night-work at Paddington—I went down stairs to the water-closet, and went straight out—I

afterwards met a man named Davies, who I used to work with—he said, "Stop for me at the corner of Percy-street"—I stopped there for him, as I was going to work with him—he came, and said, "Take this bag for me to 32, John-street"—I went, and the policeman came up to me—I asked what number that was—he said he did not know, and asked what I had got there—I said I did not know—he examined it, and said it was boots and shoes—I said, "Is it?"—he said,.," Yes, where are you going with it?"—I said, "To No. 32"—that is all I know about it—I am at innocent as a child unborn—I get my living by hard work.
(John Hall, sen., received a good character.)

JOHN HALL, sen.—


GUILTY
. Aged 61.—



Confined One Year.

JOHN HALL, sen.—


GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

First Jury, Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

