



2165. 



BENJAMIN HENRY HOLYOAK
 was indicted

 for stealing 6 planes, value 1l. 15s.; 3 saws, 15s.; and 1 stock, 15s.; the goods of 



William Ingliss; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM INGLISS
. I am a carpenter, in the employ of Mr. Young, of West-square, St. Georges's. On the 2nd of Sept. I was working at a building in New-street, Bermondsey New-road—I went away to dinner at twelve o'clock, leaving my tools lying about—there were three baskets there, one of which was mine, but the tools were not in it—after I bad been away about half an hour, Green called us out of a public-house—I went back with him, and found the greater part of my tools in the basket, and in charge of Ashworth—there were six planes, a stock, and three saws—they were worth about 3l. altogether—they are here—I never knew the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Were there a great number of tools scattered about? A. Yes—all that were in the basket were not mine—there were a few besides mine—there were three carpenters at work there





CHARLES GREEN
. I am a labourer, and live in Blackfriars-row. on the 2nd of Sept. I was employed by Mr. Young at the buildmg—I remember

the men going to dinner—I remained outside to have an eye to the bricklayers' tools—the prisoner was not employed there, but I saw him come round to the corner of the building where I sat having my dinner—I merely saw his face—I did not see whether he had anything or not—he said to me, "Where are the carpenters gone to dinner who work at this building?"—I said, "I do not know"—he walked off to the front of the building—in a few minutes I thought he had no business round there, as it was not a public thoroughfare, and I jumped up, took my dinner in my hand, and went round to the front of the building—in consequence of what a woman told me I followed the prisoner, and overtook him with the basket of tools on his back—I said, "Where are you going with these tools, mate?"—he said, "I am going to a fresh job"—I said, "I am Yery much mistaken if you have not taken these from our building"—he laid, "God bless you! I will go back with you"—he did so—I unlocked the back door—he went into the building and put the tools down—Mr. Ashworth said to me, "Is it the men's tools he has got?"—I said, "I do not know, he seems to say they are his own"—"They are my own," the prisoner said—I said to Mr. Ashworth, "Do you know how many baskets the carpenters have got?"—he said, "Three large ones, and one small one"—I went into every room, and could only find two large ones and one small one—I said to the prisoner, "You had better stop till the men come from dinner"—he said, "I shall lose my job; I know where the men go to dinner; I will go and make it all right that they are mine"—he then left the tools in the building and said to Mr. Ashworth, "I will leave my tools in your charge while I go to the men, to satisfy them that the tools are mine"—the prisoner and I then walked off to the Compasses, where the men dine—when we got nearly there he said, "You go in and tell the men to come out"—I said, "You had better come in with me"—he went with me. very near to the door, and took a pipe out of his pocket—he said, "Go in and tell them to come out"—I left him outside and went in, tapped the prosecutor on the shoulder, and said, "I want you"—I then went out, and the prisoner was gone—I am quite certain he is the man—he was dressed in a white flannel jacket.

Cross-examined. Q. You had not seen him before? A. Never—I saw him again when I was sent for on the Monday following—this occurred on Tuesday, the 2nd of Sept.—I merely saw his face when I first saw him—I could not tell whether he had anything on his back or not—I cannot exactly say what room the carpenters' tools were in—I did not know what was in the basket till I got up to him—I did not examine them—I do not know that they were the same that were in the basket when I came back—the prisoner did not offer me anything to drink or smoke—the house where the men got their dinner might be three or four minute's walk from the building—the prisoner and I walked there side by side—Robert Everett was one of the carpenters—the name of the other I do not know—those men are at work there still—the prisoner did not tell me he had been sent for some carpenter's tools—he said the tools were his—I said, "The prisoner seems to say they are his," and he assented to it—when I saw him at the police-office it was not on this charge.





ROBERT ASHWORTH
. I am a hatter, and live in Brook-street, Bermondsey New-road. On Tuesday, the 2nd of Oct, between twelve and one o'clock, my wife told me something, and I went to the building—I saw the prisoner and Green—the prisoner had a basket of carpenter's

tools on his back—there was some talk between us about these tools—the prisoner left them in my charge, and said he would go with Green and make it all right—I took charge of them till Green and the carpenters came back—the prisoner did not come back—I showed Ingliss the same tools and the basket—I had had charge of them all the time.

Cross-examined. Q. When you came in was the basket lying down? A. No; the prisoner had it on his back, and Green was with him in the front part of the building—Green said the prisoner seemed to say that the tools were his own; and the prisoner said they were his, and he was come to look for a job—the conversation occupied from five till, I suppose, ten minutes—I never saw the prisoner before—I saw him at the station-house nearly a fortnight afterwards—I swear he is the person.





MART EVANS
. I am the wife of Evan Evans, a tanner—I saw the prisoner between twelve and one o'clock on the 2nd of Sept from the back part of the building with a basket on his shoulder—I called out to a bricklayer's labourer on the premises—he went after the prisoner—I saw him overtake him, and bring him back—I am sure he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. How far was he from you? A. I was at my gate—he came from the back of the building, and came towards me—he had passed me before he was brought back—the nearest point at which he had passed me was twenty yards, or perhaps more—I saw him when he came back with the basket.





ROBERT ASH WORTH

re-examined. This is the basket which the prisoner had on his back, and these are the tools—I kept them till Ingliss came.





WILLIAM INGLISS

re-examined. These tools are mine—here are planes, saws, and a stock.





JOHN BARKER
 (police-constable K 108.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted 20th May, 1845, and confined three months)—I was at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

