



779. 




MARY DOWLING



was again indicated for stealing, at 
St. John, Hackney, 9 shirts, value 1l., 15s., 3 table-cloths, 25s., 3 bed-gowns, 12s.; 3 sheets, 12s.; 6 frocks, 12s.; 2 petticoats, 5s.; 6 collars, 3s.; 1 curtain, 2s., 6d.; 1 shift, 2s.; and 2 night-caps, 1s.; the goods of 



George Taun, in his dwelling-house.






EMMA WILLIAMS
. I am single, and am cook at Mr. George Taun's, of Elm-terrace, Cambridge-health. My mistress puts some of her washing out—Wednesday is the day for sending the linen—on the 1st of Dee., between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I found the prisoner waiting in the kitchen—I put out a linen while she was there—she was not employed to wash anything—I do not know myself what she came a bout—the value of the articles put out for the laundress was 5l. or 6l.—I missed them afterwards—they were taken away by somebody.

Prisoner. I was never in the house in my life, and do not know her or her laundress. Witness. I am certain of her—I had never seen before—I saw her at the station, on the 16th of Jan., and recognized her.





LOUISA COOK
. I am nurse-maid in Mr. Taun's family. The gate bell rang—I went—the prisoner was there, and said she had come for the washing—I let her into the hall, and told my mistress, and by her directions showed the prisoner into the kitchen—my mistress told her she

must make a mistake—she said no, it was not a mistake, that she came from Mr. Hoggins—(we always called the laundress Mr. Hoggins, but her name is Stapleton)—mistress said she had come too soon—she said it was the day before-hand, but if it was inconvenient, she would call next morning, but the reason she came was, that Mr. Hoggins' child was scalded so dreadfully, that Mr. Hoggins could not come—they looked out the things, put them into a basket, and mistress gave her the list of the things—she said she would not take the basket, as she had three more parcels to take besides ours—she took a cloth out of the basket and tied them up in it—as she was going out, she asked mistress if she had any ointment she could give her, and some old linen to blind the child's sores up with, as it had had oil rubbed on it—mistress brought her down one of master's old shirts, and gave it her for the child—I have seen the child since—there is nothing the matter with it—I am certain the prisoner is the woman—I was with her an hour-and-a-half or two hours.

Prisoner, They must be very simple people to give linen to a person they do not know.





MARGARET JANE STAPLETON
. I am a laundress. I am called Mr. Hoggins—that was my former name—I have been married a second time—I have washed for Mr. Taun's family for some years—I used to send my daughter for the things—I do not know the prisoner—I have since found out that she lived next door to me—my child has not been scalded at all—I never sent for the linen till Wednesday, and did not receive these things.





WILLIAM SAUNDERS
 (police-constable N 25.) The prisoner gave me "No. 20, Minerva-street," as the place where she lived—I found it was false—I went at last to Mr. Stapleton's, and afterwards to Mr. Taun's, and brought Williams and Cook to the station—they identified the prisoner—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. John, Hackney.





EMMA WILLIAMS

re-examined. The bundle contained nine shirts, three sheets, three table-cloths, three bed-gowns, six frocks, two petticoats, nine collars, one curtain, one shift, and two night-caps—I am certain they were worth 5l.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the prosecutor or Mr. Stapleton; Mr. Taun came to the station and said I was not the person.





WILLIAM SAUNDERS

re-examined. Mr. Taun had not such an opportunity of seeing her.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.

