




913. 




GEORGE HOSSELL



, stealing 2 heifers, price 23l.; the property of 



Edward Moss.






WILLIAM HIDER
. I am foreman to Edward Moss, a carcass-butcher, who has a slaughter-house in White's-row, Spitalfields. On 26th March, about half-past four o'clock, I left the slaughter-house safe, with two bullocks and two heifers in it—in consequence of something I heard at a quarter-put eleven, I went with my master, and missed the two heifers—they were Mr. Edward Moss' property—we found the prisoner at the police-station, and the heifers at the Green-yard.





ELIZABETH BELCHER
. I am the wife of Frederick Belcher, of White's-rot, nearly opposite Mr. Moss' slaughter-house. On this evening I went out for some beer about a quarter or twenty minutes to nine o'clock, and saw two men, of whom the prisoner is one—he had the padlock of Mr. Moss' slaughter-house in his hand, in the act of turning it with some instrument—I believe he saw me—I withdrew from the door, and went a little further, watched them, and saw them both go into the slaughter-house—when I came bad with the beer, the beasts were taken out of the slaughter-house.





ALICE DUDLEY
. I keep a fruit stall in Whites-row. About two o'clock on the afternoon of the 26th, I saw the two heifers driven into Mr. Mow-about nine I saw the prisoner and another man pass me, driving them towards Spitalfields Church—I told Potter.





HENRY THOMAS POTTER
 (policeman, H 69). I was on duty in the Commercial-road, and saw the prisoner and two others driving the beasts, about twenty minutes before nine o'clock—Dudley told me something, and I followed then—I told another constable—as soon as they saw me, they ran away, and left the heifers—I remained with them, and afterwards took them to the Green-yard.





EDWARD CARTER
 (policeman, H 215), About nine o'clock on the 26th, I met Potter, and he spoke to me—I saw the prisoner driving the heifers, as soon as he saw me he ran away, and left them—I followed him; another constable stopped him.





CHARLES SIMPLE
 (policeman, H 56). About a quarter-past nine o'clock I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw the prisoner pursued by Carter—I stopped him. 


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

