




539. 




CHARLES BROCKWELL
 and 



JAMES MACEY
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John presland, about one in the night of the 
9th of Jan., at 
West Ham, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 15s., the goods of 



William Beck Presland: 1 coat, 2l. 10s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 12s.; 19 spoons, 8l. 12s.; 24 pairs of boots, 8l.; 1 pair of ear-rings, 5s.; 1 tooth-pick, 2s.; 2 pencil-cases, 1s.; 1 table-cloth, 5s.; 1 pair of spectacles, 5s.; 1 scarf, 3s.; 12 sovereigns, 6 half-sovereigns, 20 half-crowns, 90 shillings, 60 sixpences, 30 groats; 1 10s. bank-note; and 1 order for the payment of 4l. 16s.; the property of the said John Presland



MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution,





MARY ANN PRESLAND
. I am the wife of John Presland, and keep a shoemaker's shop at Stratford, in the parish of West Ham; My husband is very is, and has been so for some time. On Friday morning, the 10th of Jan., I was called down stairs by my son a little after seven o'clock in the morning—I found the show-room door open—the staple had been wrenched off—the door of the show-room opens into the passage, another door opens into the shop, and another into the sitting-room—a bureau that was standing in the show-room was broken open, and from it I missed from 10l. to 15l. in gold, more than 6l. worth of silver, and 3l. worth of copper, a 10l. Bank of England note, and a check on Smith and Co. for 4l. 17s.—I also missed a great coat of my husband's, and a great coat of my son's—I went to the next room and found all the cupboards open—they were without locks—from them I missed nineteen silver spoons and a table-cloth—an old pair of spectacles, which laid on the table when I went to bed, were also gone, and many little things—on returning into the show-room I missed from twenty to thirty pairs of ladies' boots from ft glass-case—there was a pair of old kid gloves in my husband's coat pocket—I had put them in myself—I went to the back of the premises and found the parties had got in by boring a large hole with a centre-bit in the back door leading into the yard, big enough for my son to get through—the yard is surrounded by a paling—after getting in at the back door, they would be enabled to reach the other part of the premises, but not without wrenching the staple off—they could get into the other room because the key was in the door—I and my son saw the house safe over night at nearly eleven o'clock—the back door was then safe with two bolts and a chain, and there was no hole.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is the house occupied entirely by yourself? A. Yes, by my husband and my own family—I have no servant, except a shopman, who comes at seven o'clock in the morning.





WILLAM BECK PRESLAND
. I am the son of last witness. I came down on Friday morning a little before seven o'clock, and from what I saw I called my mother—the day before I had taken a quantity of copper from the postman, and I noticed one penny-piece among it particularly—I cannot say exactly that I pointed it out to my mother—I said something to her—I cannot say whether she looked at it—I made a remark to her about it.





MICHAEL CASEY
. I am a policeman at Stratford, (K 378.) I received information of this robbery on the morning of the 10th of Jan., and went towards the Whitechapel-road to look after the persons I supposed had committed it—when I got to near the London-hospital I saw two men from Stratford—I knew they were persons that came from Stratford—I had seen them at Stratford the day before—in fact I see them almost every day'—they separated, one came towards Whitechapel, and the other went down Eastmount-terrace—they were not the prisoners—about twelve o'clock hat day I saw the prisoners at the back of the London-hospital, opposite the British Oak—I knew them before—they did live in Stratford—Macey

lives there still, but Brockwell had lately removed to Bromley—he did live at Stratford for years—a man and a woman was with them—they did not see me till I just came up and laid my hand on Brockwell—he asked me what I wanted with him—I asked what he had about him—he hesitated for a time—I put my hand into his breast and found he was loaded with copper—I took him into custody, took him to the station, searched himand found 5s. 4 1/4d. in coppers in his breast pocket, and 2l. 14s. in silver, a pair of black kid gloves, a pocket-handkerchief, and a knife—I have shown one of the coppers that I found on him to the prosecutrix—this is it—Benton was with me, and he took Macey into custody—when I first saw them there were four men and a woman together, and I saw Brockwell hands paper to the female, with which she directly went off—they were all together.





JOSEPH BENTON
 (police-constable K 381.) I was with Casey on the morning of the 10th, and took Macey into custody—I searched him at the station, and found on him 2l. in silver, 6 1/2d. in copper, and a half-hand-kerchief—when I went up to him I said I wanted him—he said, "What for?"—I told him on suspicion of breaking into Mrs. Presland's house on the night before—he said he knew nothing about it—he struggled, and tried to get away from me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. He did not struggle much? A. He struggled a good deal—he would have got away if he could, but I would not let him—he then went quietly.

MRS. PRESLAND
re-examined. My son can identify the penny-piece better than I can—I am perfectly aware that it was among my copper—I count up my copper 1s. worth at a time, and I saw it was a defective one—I noticed it, and put it into the bureau along with other copper—I only showed it to my son—he noticed it to me first—I am quite certain it is the same penny he noticed to me the day before the robbery—these are a very old shabby pair of gloves—I believe them to be my husband's—they are what I put into his great coat pocket—here are the initials in my own handwriting inside them both—this half-handkerchief is not mine—I know nothing of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I suppose you marked these gloves after you saw them in the hands of the officer? A. No, this is not the first time I have said there was writing in the gloves—I have said so several times since the prisoners were committed—it is my handwriting—I cannot tell when I put them there—they have been in my husband's pocket for years—I saw them about a week before the robbery—(the witness was directed to write her initials)—I have been paralysed—my hand shakes, and I cannot write with accuracy—both the gloves are written upon.

W. B. PRESLAND
re-examined. This is the penny that I showed to my mother—I know it by these two pieces being cut off the edge—those marks were there when the postman gave it to me.

BROCKWELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


MACEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
