





1157. 




ROBERT POTTS,



 THOMAS RAWLINSON
, and 




EDWARD ROBOTHAM
 were indicted for

 stealing 2 sixpences, 4 pence, and 2 halfpence, the monies of 



Frederick Sunderland Mallett; and that Robotham had been before convicted of felony.






FREDERICK SUNDERLAND MALLETT
. I am inmate of the West London Union workhouse. On the 12th March I went out—I returned at ten o'clock, and went to bed—the three prisoners came to my bed and took ray clothes from under my pillow and took two sixpences, four penny pieces, and two half-pence out of my pocket—one of the half-pence I can swear to—I did not see which took them out—Rawlinson took the things, and the other two

were alongside of my bed—I ran down stairs and alarmed the watchman—the trowsers were found on my bed, but the money was gone—this is the half-penny I can swear to.





GEORGE SMEETON
. I am an inmate of this house—the prisoners attacked me first, and took my clothes, and took what I had out of them—then they waited till Mallett came, Robotham got out of his bed and ran to Mallett's bed—Robotham and Pott stood by him—Rawlinson ran away with his trowsers.





MICHAEL YOUNG
. I am in the Union—I heard the prisoner say, "When Mallett comes up I will hold his hand, and one shall go to his bed, and the other ransack his pockets"—they all arose from their bed, and went to Mallett's bed, they ran from the one end of the room to the other, and then brought the clothes back again.

Robotham. Q. Who was the money given to? A. It was handed from Rawlinson to Potts, and from Potts to you.





CHARLES TILLEY
 (City police-constable, No. 265.) I found 9 1/2 d. on Robotham, and a penny on Rawlinson, and the marked halfpenny.





JAMES WILLIAM NEWMAN
 (City police-constable, No. 217.) I produce a certificate of Robotham's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

POTTS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

RAWLINSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.






Confined six months.


ROBOTHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

