




1942. 




JOHN BRADY
 and 




PATRICK HARRINGTON
 were indicited for

 stealing, on the 
1st of June, 240 pence, the monies of 



John Newton; and that Brady had been before convicted of felony.


MR. WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN NEWTON
. I am a chandler, and live in Buckeridge-street, St. Giles's. On the 1st of June the prisoners came into my shop—Brady bought a pennyworth of cheese, and a halfpennyworth of bread—Harrington bought a farthing pipe—I had 2l. worth of copper in 5s. packets behind a counter—Harrington walked up behind the side of the counter, and went out with something—I came out of my room, and missed 1l. worth of copper—Harrington walked out of the shop, and handed something to Brady, who was at the door—I then went to the door—Brady stopped in the passage, then turned round, and faced me—I called out that I knew them both, and it would do them no good—at the instant part of the money fell from Brade.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long after they had been to buy the bread and cheese did you see Harrington in the shop? A. Not above ten minutes—I was in the room behind the shop—I saw Brady standing at the door—I swear there was nothing between me and him to prevent my seeing him—I did not see his face after the money was given him—I did when he came into the shop, and at the door—I am sure of that.





JOHN ROBERTS
. I am a waiter. Between five and six o'clock in the morning of the 1st of June I saw the prisoners near the prosecutor's shop—about ten minutes after I heard some pence rattle on the pavement—the person who dropped them was three or four doors from the prosecutor's—I do not know who it was.


Cross-examined. Q. Is this a house which keeps open part of the night? A. Yes—it is in the Rookery, St. Giles's.





THOMAS KEYS
 (police-constable E 153.) On the 1st of June I was standing at the station-house door, St. Giles's—I saw both the prisoners in Buckeridge-street—they were running—Brady was carrying something which appeared heavy, with his two hands to his left side, and Harrington was running in the rear of him—in about ten minutes I heard that the prosecutor had been robbed of a 1l. worth of copper.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the prosecutor? A. A general dealer—he keeps open till one or two o'clock in the morning, and opens again about five.





CHARLES BROWN
 (police-constable F 128.) On the 1st of June I took Brady, and another officer took Harrington—I was present before the Magistrate—Brady said he picked up 5d. in halfpence.

Harrington's Defence. I went about six o'clock to get my mother's breakfast, and about nine I went to call my mother—the policeman took me—I know nothing of this.





ALEXANDER KERR
 (police-constable F 49.) I produce a certificate of Brady's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. How long is that ago? A. Two years and eight months.

BRADY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


HARRINGTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

