




1744. 




HENRY YOUNG
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Charles Pullom, on the 
31st of May, at 
Bedfont, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 1l., 1 loaf of bread, value 8d.; and 1lb. of bacon, value 7d., his property; and that he had been before convicted of felony.





CHARLES PULLOM
. I am a labourer, and live in the parish of Bedfont—I rent the house, and live in it. On the 31st of May, I had been out to work in the morning, and came home to dinner alone—I went out again after dinner, leaving nobody in my house—my wife was out at work—I locked the house up, and saw every thing was correct and fast—I left the watch on the safe, and the victuals in the safe—I saw the watch safe at ten minutes to two, and went out directly—I was afterwards called from my work, and found my wife had been home—I found the house locked up—when I went in I missed my watch, about a pound of bacon and a loaf of bread from the safe—whoever got in had taken a pane of glass out of the casement window—the fastening was just inside the pane—they could undo it then—I sent for the police—search was made for the property, bat it has not been found—I saw the marks of shoe nails on the window cill, I afterwards saw them compared with some boots, and four nails quite corresponded with the marks on the cill—I saw the marks before the boots were put on them.





JANE PULLOM
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I went out to work about eight o'clock in the morning, and did not return till after five—I found the door locked, went in, missed the victuals out of the safe, and observed the string of the window curtain broken, a pane of glass taken out—the hasp could be opened by that—there were marks of nails on the cill—I showed them to the police-sergeant.





JOSEPH REYNOLDS
. I live at Harmondsworth, which joins Bedfont, and am a farmer. On the 31st of May, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner on Duke's-river bridge—I did not know him before—I went near to him, and am certain he is the man—he laid down on the wall of the bridge, and seemed watching me—I saw the black cap he had on was of a different colour underneath—I went home, and sat there some time, and saw him watching some people that were hoeing behind the house—I kept watching him at the back door, and saw him looking round, watching—I saw him go into the prosecutor's garden—he opened the gate with his left hand—he had a small bundle in his right hand—he went round the corner of the house out of my sight, but I could see him working his hands about, and in five or six minutes he went round the house, came out on the other side, and came on the bridge again—he then went into the garden again, came round the house again, and as he came round I saw something on his arm—he had been near the window, but when he came out the first time, I saw him go and try the front door, and when he came out of the garden the last time, he had something which he dropped, and stooped to pick up—I took a stick and went after him—he went over the Duke's bridge, and over the Queen's bridge, down the bank, then pulled his round frock off over his head, put something into it, and took it away under his left arm—it made a large bundle—I could not follow as fast as he went—I saw him cross the gravel pits, and down Feltham-lane—I directly went to the policeman who was near, and sent him after him, and another man also—I went to the prosecutor's house.





EDWARD IRELAND
. I am a labourer at Bedfont. On the 31st of May I was hoeing potatoes in my garden, about five o'clock in the evening, and

saw the prisoner come down the Queen's River-bank, between thirty and forty yards from me—I am certain he is the man—he had a bundle under his arm, wrapped in a white smock-frock—I went to Feltham Gravel-pits, down Feltham-lane—Reynolds came up and spoke to me—I went in pursuit of the prisoner, met a policeman, and went down Ship-lane, saw the prisoner in a rye-field, and took him—I asked if he knew where the two bridges were, meaning the Queen's and Duke's bridge—he said he never was there, and, pointing to a path, said that was the way he had come, but it was not so.





JOHN BLANCHARD
. I am a policeman. I received information of the robbery, went in pursuit, and took the prisoner at Feltham parish, in a ryefield—I reland was with me—he had a bundle in a smock-frock over his shoulder, containing his clothes, and this cap on—I told him I took him on suspicion of housebreaking, and told him where the house was—he said he never was there, and did not know where it was—I searched him, and found two knives, a shirt, a pair of trowsers, and seven or eight gloves, on him—Reynolds was on the bridge, and said he was the man who was ID the garden—I examined the prosecutor's window—it appeared that the lead of the casement had been turned back, and a pane taken out with a knife—I tried the two knives—one of them exactly fitted the marks—the property has never been found.





EDMUND BURTON
. I am a policeman. In consequence of instruction, I went to the prosecutor's house, and examined the window—the glass appeared to have been taken out, and the hasp undone—the window opened, and the party had got in that way—there were marks on the window, two of which fitted the point of one of the knives exactly, where the lead had been forced on one side—there were footmarks on the cill, which I compared with the prisoner's left boot—four of the marks appeared to fit exactly, and I have no doubt were caused by that boot—I observed the marks before I compared the boot with them—the safe is not near the window—they must get in to get at it. Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all about it. JOHN NEVILLE I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at the Surrey Quarter Sessions, Newington—(read)—I was present at the trial, and know him to be the man.




GUILTY
.** Aged 22.——



Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Baron Guerney.

