



1431. 




JANE SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of April, 66 yards of lace, value 5l. 9s., the goods of 



William Phipps Simons, in his dwelling-house.






ANN MARIA SIMONS
. I am the wife of William Phipps Simons, who keeps a lace-shop in High Holborn. On the 10th of April, about three o'clock in the day, the prisoner came in, and asked to look at some lace—Elizabeth Sanford showed her some, as I was engaged with a customer—Sanford came and spoke to me—I then went to the door, and asked Sanford, in the prisoner's presence, what had become of the lace that was missing from my box—Sanford said she had not got it—I told her that she must account for it—she then came round the counter, lifted up the prisoner's shawl, and took from under her arm seven cards of lace—she was given into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Does your husband occupy the whole house? A. Yes, he is the leaseholder—it was in consequence of what passed between me and Sanford, that I said the lace must be accounted for—it did not appear to be entangled in her shawl—she had on a black satin shawl with a fringe—the lace was not at all likely to adhere to the shawl—all the cards are marked.





ELIZABETH SANFORD
. I assist in Mr. Simons' shop. The prisoner came in, and asked for thread lace—I showed her a box with cards of lace in it—she would not decide on any piece—she then wished to look at a collar in the window—I put the lid on the box and went to the window to take the collar out—while doing so I saw, from the reflection in the glass, the prisoner take out one piece of lace from the box—I gave Mrs. Simons information, who came and demanded the lace of me, which was missing from the box—I said I had not got it—she asked the prisoner to move from her seat, that she might look for the lace on the floor—the prisoner rose, and moved into the centre of the shop, and pretended to look for the lace—I came round the counter, threw up the back of her shawl, and took from under her left arm these seven cards of thread lace.





JAMES COLLINS
. I am a policeman. I was sent for, and took the prisoner.

MRS. SIMONS re-examined. The value of the lace is 5l. 9s. 6d. at cost price—it cost us more—it was slightly measured at Bow-street, and reckoned up—it is English lace—there are sixty-six yards altogether—one piece is 1s. 10d. a yard, and another 8d.—Mr. Simons buys of the maker—the prices are marked on the card—some has been cut off—I do not know how much—I speak of the value as they are now—some of it is of more value, and some less.




GUILTY
of stealing under the value of 5l.Aged 19.—



Transported for Seven Years
.
