



945. 




THOMAS BROOKES
 was indicted

 for the willful murder of 



William Gobart; he was also charged on the Coroner's inquisition with the like offence.


MESSRS. CLARK
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD EATON.
 I am a cane-stainer, and live in Cock-ally, Shoreditch. On the 17th of March, about ten minutes to ten o'clock, I went with James Badkins and William Gobart, the deceased, to Hare-alley, where the prisoner lives—when we were at the top of the court Gobart asked me to go and call the prisoner—I went and called out, "Tom, Bill wants to speak to you"—the prisoner came down, and came to the top of the court—Gobart asked him for his things he had helonging to him, which were locked up in his box, that was the first thing that was said—the prisoner said he should not give them till such time as he paid him, and he did know that he should give them

to him then, and if he stopped there a minute he would put a bullet through his head—I turned round and said to Gobart, "Bill, I am going, I am not going to stop to be shot at"—I left him and went to my own place, about twenty yards off in the next court—when I left the prisoner was going down the court—Badkins and Gobart remained—the prisoner's house is about twenty feet from the top of the court—I went up stairs, and in not more than two or three minutes heard the report of a gun—James Badkins came and called me—I went down stairs, went up Haare-court, and saw Gobart lying in a pool of blood in the court—he drew his breath—I did not hear him speak afterwards—I did not see the prisoner then—I went for a doctor.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Had there been a row in the court about robberies of cane committed? A. No, not in my hearing, but three weeks before Christmas somebody came to my master and stated that I was robbing him—I asked him to give me in charge—I begged and prayed of him to give me in charge, and he would not—I went to the Mansion-house to get a summons against my master—they could not do anything unless I entered an action, and being a poor man I could not do that—Badkins did not work at the same place as me—Gobart did—I called him Gobart before the Coroner and grand Jury—Gobart could have gone to the prisoner without me.

Q. You did not ask him what he wanted with you, unless it was to provoke and annoy the prisoner? A. No, I never had a word with the prisoner—I was there all the time, till I heard him say he would put a bullet through his head—I did not think the prisoner meant what he said when he said he would put a bullet through him—I did not go to provoke a row—I did not expect any rowat all—on my oath I have told all that passed.

MR. CLARK.
Q. How long had you been in the deceased's company before you want to the top of the court? A. All day—I was not in the court before the deceased came—I do not know how to spell Gobart's name.

COURT.
Q. Did you come first into the court with Gobart? A. Yes; I was with him all the time till I went away—I was there all the time the prisoner was present—the deceased and I had not come away straight from our working place—he had not been away from me—we left work and went to the "Admiral Vernon," in Long-alley, and then went down to the prisoner's house—we had not parted—I am quite sure nothing passed in my hearing but what I have said—I was sometimes two or three yards off—I saw no young woman pass—I saw one sitting down at the prisoner's door, but did not see any one pass.





JAMES BADKINS.
 I am a boot-closer and live in Shirt-lane, Shoreditch—I knew the deceased. On 17th March I was at the top of Hare-alley, about ten o'clock at night—when I got there the prisoner, the deceased, and Charles Eaton were all three there—I did not see Richard Eaton—the prisoner was about four yards down the court, against a post—Eaton was close by him—after I got to the top of the court I heard deceased say to the prisoner, "I will give you a punch of the head"—the prisoner said then, "If you stop there a minute I will put a bullet in your head"—no blows were struck or aimed in my presence—Gobart had his hands in his pocket when he said so—after the prisoner said this, he went into his own house—I remained at the top of the court with Globart—he was going down the court, I said, "Bill, don't go down for fear you should be shot"—he said, "What have I got to be afraid of'—I then followed him and was against the shutters—he went opposite the prisoner's door and said, "Tom," and there was a gun fired directly—I only saw the flash and heard the noise—I did not see the deceased fall—as near as I can guess that was about ten minutes after the prisoner said, "I will put a bullet through your head"—nothing had taken

place during the ten minutes, nothing was said—Charles Eaton, and me, and Gobart, had stood still in the court for ten minutes, not talking together.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you been at a public-house with them before you fell in with them in the court? A. No; the first thing I heard was the deceased say to the prisoner, that he would punch his head—I do not know what had taken place before that—there appeared to have been some quarrel between them, but I did not come in time to hear the beginning of it—I knew Eaton and the deceased by being in the same street and living close by—I heard nothing said about a robbery—I never mentioned Gobart threatening to punch the prisoner's head till I was examined before the Magistrate—I do not know whether I mentioned it before I was crossexamined by the prisoner.





CHARLES EATON.
 I am the brother of Richard Eaton—I was with him at the top of Hare-court, and the prisoner, and deceased (who was my cousin) on the night of 17th March—I was not there when the prisoner came—he was there when I got to the top of the court—I did not go to the court with my brother and Gobart—on my coming up I heard the prisoner say, "If you wait there one minute I will put a bullet through your head"—I heard nothing said to that—my brother turned away and went up stairs, leaving him and any cousin at the top of the court—I know Badkins—I did not see him there—the prisoner turned away, went down the court, and went up stairs—I remained at the top of the court with my cousin for about two or three minutes—we then went down the court as far as the prisoner's house—we remained there about a second before anything happened—as soon as we got down to the entry my cousin went to go into the entry, the prisoner stood in the entry and shot him directly—I saw the gun fired by the prisoner, who stood in the entry—I was right in front of the door—Gobart was standing right before me, right on the threshold of the door—nothing was said or done by the deceased before the shot was fired—he had not spoken—he fell, and I fetched a constable.

Cross-examined. Your cousin, the deceased, went down to the door of the prisoner's house in your company, and never spoke a word? A. Not in my hearing—he did not begin by calling out Tom—he went on to the threshold of the door, he was going into the passage, but did not get in—the first thing that I heard pass, was the prisoner saying, if he stood there a minute he would put a bullet through his head—Gobart never said a word about doing anything to him.

MR. ROBINSON.
Q. How long were you in the deceased's company altogether? A.Not above two or three minutes—I found him there when I first came to the court.





MARY JARVIS, JUN.
 I am between seventeen and eighteen years old, and live with my mother in Hare-alley—we lived on the third floor—the prisoner lived above us, at the top of the house—I did not live with him, I used to speak to him—I kept company with him—on 17th March I was in the court, sitting at the door of the house—Eaton came to the door, and called " Thomas Brooks," after he had called two or three times, the prisoner came—Eaton said, "Came this way, for I want to speak to you"—Brooks and Eaton went away together to the top of the court, six yards, or it may be more, from my door—I remained at the door—there was nobody else at the top of the court then—I knew the deceased, William Gobart, by sight—I have seen him about twice—I did not see him there at that time—some words arose between Eaton and the prisoner; I did not hear what it was about—all I heard was Eaton saying, "God strike me blind"—I took my little sister up stair—I did not

remain up a moment, and when I came down I saw Bill Gobart at the top of the court, and DickEaton and the prisoner—I saw nobody else—I was at my own door—Gobart was standing about half a yard from the prisoner, and about six yards from me, about as far as the end of this court is from me—I saw William Gobart make aim at the prisoner, he hit him in his forehead twice or three times—Gobart threatened the prisoner to come out in Cock-lane to fight—that was after striking him—the prisoner said it was not worth his which to touch him—I went from my own door into Shoreditch—I live at the Shoreditch end—I stopped about a minute, came back again and there were about half-a-dozen people at the top of the court—Charles and Dick Eaton were two of them—I did not know the others—I heard them say, if they had a b—y goof gun, like TomBrooks, they would give him a b—y good bullet, and blow his b—y brains out, or, if not, they would blow his b—y nose off—they all said so—the prisoner's name was mentioned at this time—Gobart made answer, "No, if we had a b—y good knife, we would b—y well stick it in him—I remained there—I heard no more—they all six went out into Cock-lane I went up stairs again, came down and went into Shoreditch on an errand for something, and heard the gun go off, but who let it off I do not know—I was not away above a few moments—I do not know where the prisoner was then—he was not one of the six persons who went out into Cock-line—I saw nobody in the court when I came back—I fell over the deceased's forehead—I went up to my mother's room, and found the prisoner standing at the door—he hung round my neck, and said "I have done it, I have done it"—my father and mother were in the room—the constable came up stairs and took the gun.





RICHARD EATON

re-examined. I saw the last witness at the door a few minutes before ten o'clock.

MR. CLARKSON
to
MARY JARVIS.
Q. When DickEaton first came down calling for Tom Brooks, was he alone? A. Yes—he could not see the prisoner at that time—I asked the prisoner if I should say he was there—he said, "Do not tell them I am here; I will go up stairs and come down again:—Dick Eaton swore at the prisoner, and said, "D—his eyes," and said he would have his life at some time or other, but I do not know what it was about.

MR. CLARK.
Q. The prisoner said, "Do not tell them I am here;" who is them? A. I do not know—Dick Eaton was the only person in the court at that time—it was that same night that Eaton spoke about taking the prisoner's life, but before Bill Gobart came—DickEaton was in the court a goodish while before Gobart came—it might be a quarter of an hour or more.

COURT.
Q. You went into Shoreditch twice, did you at any part of the time go to the head of the court where they were standing? A. Yes, before I went into Shoreditch the first time, I was then as near to them as I am to the jury-box—while I was there, Gobart struck the prisoner on the forehead—that was as I was coming rather away from them—I happened to turn my head and saw him do it—the prisoner said "I do not think it worth my while to touch you," and Gobart wanted him to go down to Cock-lane, and also to Quaker-street, to fight—I have kept company with the prisoner nearly twelve months, but no further than standing at the door at night with him, that is all.





MARY JARVER.
 I am the wife of John Jarvis, and mother of the last witness—I live in the same house as the prisoner, on the first floor—my daughter lives with me—it must be the fourth floor the prisoner lives on—on the night of the 17th March, the prisoner came to my door and lifted the latch up—he had not said a word before that—he did not come in—he said, 'Where is she,

where is she?"—I said, "You know very well where she is"—I did not know where she was—he ran down stairs directly, and I heard a report instantly—I thought it was my daughter he had shot—I saw nothing in his hand while he was at the door—when I heard the report, he ran up stairs with the gun in his hand—he took hold of my arm, and said, "I have done it, I have done it"—he turned to my husband and said the same words—he said nothing else to him—my daughter came up stairs, saying, "Tom, Tom, what have you done?"—he made no answer, but fell on her neck, and kissed her—the policeman came and asked him what he had done it with—there was no answer made—the policeman took the gun, and asked what he had done—no answer was made.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL.
Q. Do I understand you he had not the gun in hand when he came to the door? A. I did not see anything in his hand—I should have seen it if he had—he did not appear at all flurried or excited—I only occupy one room—my daughter was not in the room, she came in after the report, and after the prisoner was there.

MR. CLARK.
Q. Dose she sleep in your room? A. Yes, with me, and lives with me entirely,





JOEEPH BROOKS.
 I am the prisoner's brother, and live in the same room with him, in Hare-alley. On the Wednesday night I was in bed, and heard somebody run up stairs—my brother came into the room—I did not see what he did—I had my head covered up—he remained in the room about two minutes—there was a gun in the room, and a powder-flask in his box when I went to bed—I heard the report of a gun about a minute after he went down—he had been using the gun the same day—he and I had gone down into the cellar, and saw a rat there, about three hours before.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKBON.
Q. How long do you think you have been standing in the witness-box? A. I do not know—I cannot tell how long I have been here.





JOHN LOCK
 (police-constable H 201.) On 17th March, about ten o'clock at night, I was on duty in Shoreditch, and heard the report of fire-arms—I went to the spot—before I got to Hare-alley I was called—I went to No. 3, in the court, and found the deceased—I lifted him up, and saw the ramrod of a gun near him—in consequence of what was said, I went up stairs, and found the prisoner on the first floor, with a gun in his hand, in the act of giving it up—I took it from him—his father was there, and said something about what he had done—the prisoner answered, "I have had my revenge; he has injured my sister and others of mine, and I have had my revenge, and if had not done so he would have taken my life"—I had told him that Gobart was dead—I took him into custody, he went quietly with me—I searched him, and found some shot on him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON.
Q. How many times have you been examined in this matter before the Justice? A. Twice—I did not say a word at the first examination about what he said about his sister—I was first examined before the Magistrate, then before the Coroner, then before the Magistrate again.





HENRY HARRIS
 (police-inspector.) The prisoner was brought to the station, and made a statement to me—he said, "If I had not done it, perhaps they would have had my life; they threatened to drag me out, four of them, about ten minutes before"—I was at the prisoner's room the same evening—I examined his box, and found some shot—I saw his father take a powder-flask from the window-seat—he handed it to me.






JAMES RICHARD HANCOCK
. I am a surgeon, and live in High-street, Shoreditch—I found the body of the deceased lying in the passage, in a pool of blood—I found a gun-shot wound on the left side of the neck, which I have no doubt caused the death—the carotid artery and jugular vein were wounded—I extracted the shot.

MR. JARVIS
re-examined Brooks has a sister named Sarah—her and Gobart had lived together for some time—I suppose the prisoner knew that—I do not know that that occasioned any bad feeling between them—it had been going on about eighteen months—they lived in the house before I lived there—I have lived there twelve months, and they lived there before that—I am not aware of any dispute between Brooks and Gobart in consequence of that.




GUILTY
of Manslaughter
 Aged 21.—


Transported for Life


