





1986. 




THOMAS ROBERTS
, 




JOHN WILLIS
, and 




JOHN WHITALL



, stealing 1 watch, value 3l. 10s.; I seal, 3d.; and 3 keys, 3d., the property of 



John Knight, in a barge on the 
Thames; Willis and Roberts having been before convicted.






JOHN KNIGHT
. I am master of the brig Belus. On the morning of the 30th July, I was awoke about a quarter before five by a footstep, and saw Whitall by my bedside, in the cabin—my watch was in an old shoe, and he was in the act of grabbing it—I grabbed him and he pulled me out of bed—I caught his legs as he was going up the ladder—I went on the deck and saw-Roberts—he had no business there—I saw a boat along-side, and Willis in it—I called out "Police!"—Whitall and Roberts got into the boat, and it pushed off—Roberts left his cap on board—I am sure the prisoners are the men—they were taken that morning—when I went up to Whitall he swore he would jump my b----y guts out—this is my watch—(produced)

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Was it not dark? A. No; the sun was rising when I awoke—Whitall was by mv pillow, hanging over me—I was not a good deal excited, I was hurried—I should say this took about two minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You do not mean to say it was light? A. Yes it was—this was in a large state-room, the door was open, and there was a light came from the hatchway and the sky-light—I held Whitall about a quarter of a minute—I had never seen him before, and I did not want to see him then—I took notice of him—I saw him again in about ten minutes—I had not hold of Roberts, but I can swear to him.





JOHN ELLIS GODFREY
. I am an officer of the Customs. I saw a boat under the bow of the prosecutor's vessel—I saw Whitall on the deck—I am sure it was him—he went over the back quarter of the vessel, and got into the boat—the other two prisoners were in it—I know them all three.


Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You do not mean to swear to Willis? A. Yes.





HENRY LUTON
 (Thames-police Inspector.) I heard a cry about five o'clock, of "Police!"—I went to Fletcher's Dock—I went into a garden, and found the prisoner—I laid hold of Roberts—a black man had got hold of Whitall—he knocked the black man down—I then struck Roberts over the legs with a stick, and knocked him down—I ran to the black man's assistance—my three officers came to the place and the prisoners were taken—the watch was found on the Wednesday following, in a yard close to the garden which the prisoner ran round—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did you see all the prisoners? A. Yes—there were four in the boat—I saw them all land—the captain came up to the prisoner; he pointed out Whital to me, and said, "That is the man that stole my watch"—he pointed to Roberts, and said "That is the man he gave it to"—I suppose there were a dozen persons there when we had got the prisoners in custody.





JOSEPH JOHN ROBERTS
. I found this watch in Fletcher's yard, near the garden, at Union Dock Poplar.





GEORGE CARR
 (police-sergeant K 7). I produce a certificate of Willis's conviction—(read—Convicted March 1847, and confined six months)—he is the person.





SAMUEL PECK
 (policeman K 24l). I produce a certificate of Robert's former conviction—(read—Convicted 22nd Dec, 1847, and confined three months)—he is the person.

ROBERTS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

WILLIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Seven Years.


WHITTALL—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined One Year.

