





2677. 




ALFRED EATON,



 JOHN BARRY
, and 




THOMAS HOCKADAY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of Sept, 3 half-crowns, the monies of 



Alexander Cathie: and that Hockaday had been before convicted of felony.






ALEXANDER CATHIE
. I am a baker, and live in Plummer-street, City-road. About four o'eloek in the afternoon of the 6th of Sept., I went across the street to speak to a neighbour—my attention was called to my shop—I saw the three prisoners together—they separated—Barry passed to the other side of the road—Hockaday stood in front of my window—I went across—Hockaday tapped at the window—I went in, and Eaton was standing in front of the counter in the shop—before I crossed I heard Barry call out something—I asked Eaton what he wanted—he said, "A halfpenny loaf"—I walked round and gave him one—he then asked if I had not a crusty one—I said, "No, be off"—I went to the till, and missed three half-crowns, which I had seen safe about two minutes before—no one else had been in the shop—I walked to the door, and saw the three prisoners eighty or a hundred yards off handing something from one to another—I then stood at the sill of the door, and when I saw which way they went, I ran through a court, and saw them together—I laid hold of Eaton, and the other two ran away—Eaton threw something on the ground, what I cannot say—I pursued the other two, but could not take them—there was a crowd, and when I got back to my shop they were in custody—two half-crowns were found on Hockaday in my presence.





JOHN CATTRILL
. About four o'clock on this day I was talking to the prosecutor, and saw Eaton in the shop—Hockaday was at the window, and Barry on my side of the way—I told the prosecutor—he went over, and there was a chase—I followed the prosecutor, and he took Eaton—I took charge of him while the prosecutor went after the others—Eaton threw down a penny and a knife.





THOMAS BUTLER HOSIER
. I took Hockaday.





EDMUND MUNDAY
 (police-constable P 46.) I took Hockaday and Barry to the station; and found on Barry 1s. 7 1/2 d., and on Hockaday 2 half-crowns.

Hockaday's Defence. It was my own money; I saw the persons running, and the gentleman took me.






JOSEPH GREEN
. I produce a certificate of Hockaday's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

EATON—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined Three Months.

† BARRY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

HOCKADAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.


