



1537. 




THOMAS BENNETT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of April, at Streatham, 16 spoons, value 10l. 5s.; 3 forks, value 3l.; and 1 fish-slice, value 2l.; the goods of 



William White, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM FEETON
. I am gardener to William White, of Upper Tulse-hill, in the parish of Streatham. I was at work on the back-lawn on Thursday, the 30th of April, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, and saw a person drop off the porch over the kitchen-door, and heard the glass break belonging to the porch—I called to my son Tom to run to the front-gate—I also ran, and saw the prisoner go out of the carriage-gate—he turned his head aside before he got to the gate, and I saw curls at the back of his ear—I did not hear him say any thing—I followed him—he turned to the left, towards Brixton—I followed him about two hundred and fifty yards, and in turning the corner, I saw him take a parcel from under his coat and throw it down on the walk—I still followed him a hundred and eighty yards, leaving my boy to pick the property up—he got over into a backgarden, and was caught in my sight—I swear he is the man—I lost sight of him for about a hundred and eighty yards, while he passed through Mr. Marshall's garden, but that was the only time—I saw him go into Mr. Marshall's garden, but did not see him come out—I returned a short way back into the road, and saw him, with his coat off, on the road—I had

taken particular notice of his clothes—there was another person running besides—that was Mr. Charlton's gardener—he was dressed in brown trowsers and waistcoat to correspond—when I met the prisoner, after going through the garden, he was walking very leisurely along, coming towards me—he said "The young man that they were running after they, have caught just down there," pointing with his finger—I said, "Have they? but you are the young man I am running after," and made a catch at him—he stepped back, took up a stone, and said, "D—your eyes and limbs, if you touch me I will knock you down"—I still advanced on him—he came to Mr. Luke's door—the servant was looking through the grating—he took his two hands, forced the door open, and ran down Mr. Luke's avenue leading to the house, ran across a small meadow, into my master's field—an errandcart man in the road, seeing him cross the field, headed him, and took him—I had a full sight of his face, and had a glimpse of his face as he went out of Mr. White's—but I swear to him by his clothes and by the hair.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long elapsed from the time you saw the man drop from the back-door till you saw the prisoner in custody of the carrier's man? A. Twenty minutes or half-an-hour—it could not have been much more.





THOMAS FEETON
. I am son of the last witness, and foot-boy to Mr. White—I work in the garden. My father gave me an alarm—I ran round the stable-yard, and out at the same gate as the prisoner did—I noticed the prisoner's dress and his curls—I and my father followed together—I saw him drop a parcel, which I took up, and carried home—it was wrapped in a silk handkerchief—I laid it on the top of the stairs, by the side of my mistress—I went to the station-house, and got a policeman, but before I got back my father had got one—I then saw what was in the handkerchief—I saw the same handkerchief delivered to the policeman—the prisoner had curls sown on each side of his hat.





JOHN GENT
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody from the gardener, with the property—he had this hat on then—it had two curls sown into it, as it has now—(producing it.)

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean you took the hat from the prisoner's head? A. Yes—I cannot tell who put it on—he had it on when I received him from the gardener.

Prisoner. They are my own curls; I had a fever, and had my head shaved.





WILLIAM WHITE
. These spoons and forks are my property—they were kept in a dressing-room adjoining the bed-room—he must have gone up a back stair-case at the kitchen end of the house.

Cross-examined. Q. Who has charge of the silver? A. Mrs. White—the boy assists in cleaning it—I have a kitchen at one end of the house, and a stable at the other—it is a cottage—the knives are cleaned in the stable—you do not go through the stable to the house.





WILLIAM GEERS
. I am a policeman. I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction; I am quite certain he is the man—(read.)

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you get the certificate from? A. From Mr. Clark's office—he was convicted in July, 1838—I remember it perfectly—I was in Court when he was tried—I took him into custody myself, with the watch on his person—I am quite sure it was July, 1838—he was tried at Guildford, and had twelve months' imprisonment.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

