



977. 




JAMES CONNOLLY
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 hearth-rug, value 15s.; the goods of 



Joseph Rodrick; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ROBERT BARKER
. I am shopman to Mr. Joseph Rodrick, of Chapman-place, Dover-road—on the 28th of Feb., about twelve o'clock, I was serving in the shop—a boy told me something—I ran up a court, and spoke to a policeman—I missed a hearth-rug—this is it.





HENRY RAWLINS
. I was in the prosecutor's shop—I ran out, and met the prisoner a little way up Kent-street, with this hearth-rug under his arm—I gave him in charge—he had not bought the rug of me—he said two boys threw it down at his feet, and he picked it up.





SARAH ANN NASH
. I live in Devonshire-buildings—I saw two boys come round the corner with a rug—they gave it to a man—he took it, and went down Kent-street—they were four doors from the prosecutor's house.





CHARLES WHITE
 (police-constable M 246.) I took the prisoner and the nig—I did not see the two boys—I stopped the prisoner, and asked him how he came by the rug—he said he was standing in the court, when two boys ran by, and threw it down, he took it up, and some women came by and said it was stolen—he said, "Very well, I shall keep it till there is an owner."





HENRY RAWLINS

re-examined. When I saw the prisoner he was in Kent-street, between thirty and forty houses from our place—the rug was under his arm—he was walking slowly—I did not speak to him.

Prisoner. I was in a public-house, I came out after having half a pint of porter; I saw two boys running towards the Borough; one of them threw a hearth-rug down at my feet, two women were coming by and saw it.

COURT. to
SARAH ANN NASH. Q. You saw these boys coming in a direction from the prosecutor's shop with the rug? A. Yes, and they gave it to a man—they went down a court, and the man carried it—this was a little after twelve o'clock.

Witnesses for the Defence.






MARY ANN HALL
. I am single and lodge at No. 7, in the Mint, opposite

St. George's workhouse—a young woman who is coming aa a witness lives there with her brother and sister, who have a milk-walk, and the young woman serves the milk at home—I have a room up stairs—I was going down Kent-street last Saturday five-weeks, between eleven and twelve o'clock—I saw the prisoner come out of the Black Horse public-house—two lads van past him and threw down something at his feet—he had not got many steps out of the public-bouse—we saw him stoop and pick it up, we crossed and I said, "Young man you had better not take it, nor have anything to do with it; I think it is stolen property by the lads running so fast"—he said, if it was stolen he should keep it till such time as it was owned—I did not see Nail—we stood watching the prisoner five or ten minutes—he never offered to move, only walked very gently—I did not see him taken—about a fortnights ago I was standing talking to Ann Sweeney, she told me she knew a young man taken for a hearth-rug—I asked her what sort of a young man, and she told me—I said, "I saw a young man pick up a hearth-rug in Kent-street"—she said he was fully committed, and told me where to go to find his sister—I went to Bermondsey—his sister, Ann Connolly, came yesterday and asked if I would come and say what I had seen—my mother takes in washing—I go to help her—I am living by myself—I never saw the prisoner to my knowledge before that day.





MARY ANN M'CLEOD
. I live at No. 7, Mint-street, as servant with my brother—he is a milk-man—Hall goes out washing and cleaning, she mostly works for her mother—she did live up stairs at my brother's—my brother is married—I think it is five weeks ago last saturday, I was going up Kent-street, to buy something for dinner, and saw the prisoner come out of the Black Horse—two boys ran by and threw a hearth-rug down at his feet—he stooped and picked it up—I said, "Young man, if I were you I would not have anything to do with it, I think it is stolen, by the manner the boys ran away"—he said, "I shall take care of it till it it owned"—he staid there five or ten minutes—I did not hear of his being taken before the Magistrate till teat week, when a man and woman were talking about it in a public-house, in Kent-street, they said they saw a young man taken up for a hearth-rug—I asked what time of the day—they said between eleven and twelve o'clock—I asked what sort of a young man—they described him, and I said, I saw it—I did not know the man and woman—they said his name was James Connelly—I heard he was fully committed to take his trial, that is what brought me here—I never saw the prisoner to my knowledge before, mat any of his family—I never heard that he had got a sister—I do not know Ann Sweeney.





JOHN WHITE
 (Police constable R 180.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 16th June, 1845, and confined sir months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years


