



1493. 




MARY GORDON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 sovereign, 3 half-crowns, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, and 1 piece of foreign copper coin, value 1/4 d.; the monies of 



John Harber Barber, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN HARBER BARBER
. I live in Brewer-street, Pimlico. On the 12th of June, about twenty minutes past ten at night, I met the prisoner at Buckingham-gate—she asked me if I would give her a drop of gin—I took her into the White Horse—we had a quartern of gin, came out together, and came down St. James'-street together, walking side by side till we came to William-street, when she turned up a dark passage—I put my hand in my pocket, missed my money, and followed her—she met me, and said there was no thoroughfare, I could not go through—I accused her of robbing me—she denied it—a policeman came, and I gave her in charge—I had had one sovereign, three half-crowns, and one shilling and sixpence loose in my pocket—it was my wages which I had received, and an old coin which I had found three weeks ago—this now produced is it—I swear to it by this figure "7" on it.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you want to take improper liberties with me? A. No—I did not offer you sixpence, or pull up your clothes.






THOMAS BROWNE
 (police-constable.) I took the prisoner in charge from the prosecutor—he had been drinking, but knew perfectly well what he was about—the place is no thoroughfare—I got a lamp, made a search, but found nothing—next morning, between three and four o'clock, I searched again—I saw two half-crowns in a piece of rag, pulled out from behind an old board, ten or twelve yards from the end of the street.





MARY ANN BARBER
. I am the prosecutor's wife—as soon as it was light in the morning I went with the constable, made a search, put my hand in between the gutter and boards, and pulled out the rag—it is an old white pocket-handkerchief.





ELIZA JOHNSON
. I search females at the Westminster Police-station. On Saturday night, about eleven o'clock, I searched the prisoner, and found this coin in a pair of mittens which she had on, and a shilling, a sixpence, and a halfpenny in her pocket—after I undressed her completely, I said, "What have you got in your hand"—she said "Only an old dirty glove"—I do not know where she took it from, but I think it was from her bosom—I found this half-crown in it.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I put it on the table? A. No. Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor had a hole in his waistcoat pocket; at the public-house there was a large nail hanging out; a farthing dropped out; he said I might keep it for a keepsake.





THOMAS PRONGER
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Westminster—(read—convicted August 1842, and confined three months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.** Aged 39.—


Transported for Seven Years.

