



1132. 




PETER THORP
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of March, 19 wooden boards, value 1l. 4s., the goods of 



Edward Shepherd.






EDWARD SHEPHERD
. I am a timber-merchant, and have a wharf at Wenlock-basin, City road. On the evening of the 15th of March I was passing one of the gates of the wharf, which is usually kept shut, and it was open—I saw a person outside with some boards on his shoulder, apparently shifting them—I thought it strange, but did not take any notice of him—I made inquiry at the counting-house, in consequence of which I ran to the gates—they were still open, and there were some deals outside on the footway.





JOHN BYETT
. I live in Princes-court, Bunhill-row—I work for a person named Austin. On the 9th or 11th of March the prisoner brought two deals, and put on the truck—I went with him to Plough-yard, Shoreditch, just by the side of the railway—some more deals were brought another day—on the 13th he brought two more, which were taken to a court past Shoreditch church, I cannot tell the name.





THOMAS BAULSON
. I am the prosecutor's foreman. On the morning of the 15th of March I went to a gate belonging to the yard in Wenlock-road—I found it open—some deals had been lying outside the gates—I examined the stock within, and missed some—the stock appeared disturbed—I saw two deals lying outside—they were brought inside—I went to Austin's shop, and saw two deals lying on his truck—they belonged to my master—I returned to the yard, and Austin afterwards brought the prisoner to the counting-house—I asked what he was going to do with the deals—he said he had taken them, a man had employed him, and he had had the truck three times previous—I asked who the man was—he said he did not know, he met him promiscuously, and he employed him—I asked where he

had taken the deals to—at first he said he did not know, but afterwards when Austin's boy came he admitted they were taken into Shoreditch, at the end of Holloway-lane—I gave him into custody.





GEORGE AUSTIN
. I am a green-grocer, and live in Cross-street—I 1st out trucks. The prisoner first came to my place to hire a truck on the Tuesday morning, the week before the 15th of March, to the best of my knowledge—he said he wanted it to take two deals in to Shoreditch—he had none with him at that time—they were set against a wall on the opposite side of the road—he fetched them to put on the truck—being in our way to Spitalfields-market, the lad helped him with them—I took the prisoner into custody on Monday morning, the 15th, and left him in charge of Baulson.





NATHANIEL CARTER
 (police-constable M 254.) On the 15th of March the prisoner was given into my custody at the prosecutor's counting-house—he said some man met him on the City-road-bridge, and hired him to take the deals—about two hours afterwards, in going down to Worship-street police-office, he said, "I was a fool to go back for the other two"—he did not say what two.




GUILTY
.** Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
