





898. 




RICHARD LANGDALE,



 FREDERICK PAYNE
, and 



THOMAS ETTERIDGE
, were indicted for

breaking and entering the ware-house of 



John Symonds, on the 
16th of March, at 
St. Catherine Cree, and stealing therein 224 1bs. weight of tea, value 35l.; and 2 chests, 2s.; his property.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH CRUSHET
. I work at the Saracen's Head-inn-yard, at Aldgate—it is kept by Mr. John Symonds—he has a warehouse as well as a booking-office. On Thursday, the 13th of March, I was in the booking-office—I saw Langdale take the key out of the booking-office door, and put it into a box of red putty—I told Mr. An sell, the book-keeper, in the course of the day, what I had seen—here is a box of red putty, produced by the officer—it is such a box as I saw Langdale have, and the putty in it was red, the same as this is—Langdale was formerly employed as ostler in the yard.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You do not know that this is the box? A. No—there are two doors into the warehouse, and one into the booking-office—Langdale took the key out of the booking-office door.

COURT. Q. Did you tell the Magistrate it was the booking-office door, or the warehouse door? A. I do not know, but it is all as one, by opening the door, the key of which I saw him take out, you could get to the warehouse—there is a door between the warehouse, and the booking-office—that door is not locked, it is only bolted in the booking-office.





THOMAS ANSELL
. I am book-keeper to Mr. Symonds. On the 13th of March Crushet communicated to me what he had seen—I examined the key of the booking-office door, and found the wards filled with red putty—anybody, by going in at that door, could get into the warehouse—I directly gave information to the police—on Saturday, the 15th of March, I observed Langdale and Payne alternately looking out of the tap-room

window into the yard, towards the warehouse, for full six hours—that window commanded a full view of all that would come into the warehouse or booking-office—there were two chests of tea came into the premises that day, they were to go to Ipswich on the Monday, and were deposited in the warehouse—I saw them safe there at eight o'clock that Saturday night—I left a few minutes after—I secured the warehouse door inside and locked the office door—there is a bar goes across the folding doors of the warehouse on the outside, and fastens on the inside—on the Sunday evening I was sent for, and missed the two chests of tea from the warehouse—the two chests were found broken to pieces on a dung-heap about fifty yards from the warehouse—the officer showed me the remains of the chests at the station—there was a direction on one—the direction of the other was torn off—I knew them to be the same—the chests weighed about lcwt. each, and the tea was worth about 35l.—Langdale had no right in the office.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Is not the tap which looks towards the warehouse very much frequented? A. Middlingly so—persons in the tap could look out into the yard—I have seen persons looking out there, but not for such a length of time—I know Payne had been about there—I have seen some of his cards, directed to the Saracen's Head—he asked me, about four months ago, to allow him to have two pointer dogs chained up in the stable for a night or two, and I allowed him—I have seen him have dogs there—I saw a little dog with him on that Saturday.

MR. DOANE. Q. What did the cards describe him to be? A. A dog-dealer.





JOHN SHERLOCK
. I work at Mr. Frank's, a farrier, who has his place of business in the Saracen's Head yard. On that Sunday evening, between seven and eight, I was there by myself—I heard a noise, which seemed to come from Mr. Symonds's warehouse door—I got up, and went to see what it was—I saw Payne standing two or three yards from the warehouse door—about nine o'clock the same night I heard a noise—I looked out again, and saw Payne on the opposite side of the yard—I told Mr. Odell, who keeps the inn.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Have you not often seen Payne there? A. Yes, in the day-time, down the yard.





JAMES ODELL
. I keep the Saracen's Head inn—Sherlock gave me information, a little after nine o'clock, on that Sunday evening—I went and examined the warehouse—the bar which goes across the outside of the warehouse door was down—I observed that Langdale and Payne, and my boots and another man, were in the tap at that time—I went to let Mr. Symonds know what I had observed, and met the policeman on the way—I returned to my house, and found Etteridge, the cabman, in the bar—I did not notice any cab at that time—I went into the bar, and found Etteridge and Payne in the bar drinking, and Langdale was in the tap—(I had seen Langdale and Payne there in the afternoon, and they had dined there as usual)—about ten minutes afterwards I went up to the gallery, where the officer was, and saw a cab go out of the yard—it had just started away—I saw Langdale by the cab but I cannot say who drove it—I called to the officer, who ran down, but was some time in going down—Langdale took the dog, and ran after the cab.


Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. How long has Payne been living there? A. The last time was four or five months—he was stopping there

sometimes—he had only one dog at that time—he did not lodge there then.





THOMAS WRIGHT
. I am ostler at the Saracen's Head. On that Sunday afternoon I went there between two and three o'clock, after dinner—I taw Langdale and Payne there, who appeared as if they had just had their dinner—they were in the tap-room—after some time they went out, and I did not see them again till about seven in the evening—they were there till eight or nine o'clock, and then went out—I heard the noise of something coming down the yard—I afterwards saw Payne and Langdale in the tap, and a man like a caiman came in with them, who wat about the nse of Etteridge—he brought out a pint of beer, and Payne drank with him—then Payne went and fetched another pint, and Langdale came, and they all drank it.

Cross-examined by Mr. O'Biien. Q. Was this in the public room? A. Yes; but there were no other persons there.





FRANCIS OFFER
 (City police-constable, No. 525.) On that Sunday night, about a quarter-past nine o'clock, I saw an obstruction of some omnibuses, and I saw Etteridge drive a cab down the Saracen's Head yard—I knew Etteridge, but I did not know then where that cab put up at—I made inquiries, and went to the Blue Boar inn yard at Aldgate—I waited there till half-past twelve at night, and then Etteridge drove the cab into the yard—I asked if he had not been to the Saracen's Head yard that night—' he did not answer, but, after putting the question the third time, he said, "Why, yes"—he said he drove into the Saracen's Head yard at half-past nine or a quarter-past nine—I said he was my prisoner—I brought him oat of the Blue Boar yard, and we met Payne and Langdale in Aldgate, coming in a direction towards the Blue Boar—I had but just come oot of the yard when they came up—I took them into custody—Etteridge was by my side, but they did not know I had him in custody—I said, "We will go to the station," and said to Etteridge, "Come on"—I believe it was Langdale said to Etteridge, "Old fellow, are you in the mess?"—when we got to the station, Etteridge said he was engaged to go to the Saracen's Head yard to take up a fare; that he went, and had a pint of half-and-half; he was then called out, got on the box, and was told, to drive to the White Horse, in Petticoat-lane—he said he went to the White Horse, and had a pint of half-and-half; the man who took him paid for it, and got on the cab-box with him; that he then drove to the bottom of the lane, and, as he turned the corner, the man on the box said, "Wohey," and immediately a lot came up and opened the cab-door, and out fell two sacks, and that was the first he knew that the sacks were in the cab—I took him to Petticoat-lane, to show me where he took these sacks—he took me into the lane, but he did not apparently know the White Horse—he was told which was the White Horse, and he said that was it—he showed where the sacks were taken out of the cab, it was at the bottom of the lane, not at any house.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you look into the cab that night? A. Yes—it is a common box-cab, and opens at the side—I observed the number, but I cannot recollect it now—it was quite plain on the cab—Etteridge had his badge.





JOHN COLE
 (City police-constable, No. 502.) I searched Payne and Langdale at the station that Sunday night—I found on Langdale a comb, and on Payne seven sovereigns, this box of red putty, and three duplicates,

one of which is for a suit of clothes pledged on the 6th of Peb.—one of them is dated the 21st of Sept., and another the 28th of Dec.—they are all for wearing apparel except the one of the 28th of Dec, which is for a silver watch, a gun, and a powder-flask.





WILLIAM MOORE
. I live in Hand-and-Pen-court, Leadenhall-street, and am a licensed conductor to an omnibus; I have known Payne eighteen years. On Saturday forenoon, the 16th of March, about half-past ten o'clock, I met him, and he asked me to lend him 6d., which I did.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What has been his character? A. I never knew anything wrong of him.

LANGDALE—


GUILTY
. Aged 22

PAYNE—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.





Transported for Ten years.


ETTERIDGE—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against Langdale and Payne.)
