



239. 




ALFRED SINCLAIR



; obtaining goods by false pretences.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CETTA
. I live at No. 40, Hatton-garden, and am a barometer and

looking-glass maker—the prisoner came to my shop on 6th Aug., 1848—he gave the name of "C. F. Barclay and Co., West India merchants, No. 10, Maiden-lane, City;" my clerk made the entry in this book, and I made a memorandum myself in the order book—he said he was a West India merchant, that he had previously exported looking-glasses and barometers, and if we could agree in prices he could be a very good customer—he chose some barometers and looking-glasses in the shop, and I entered the order in the order book—he said he wanted them to be shipped next morning—I said, "You are a stranger, you must give reference"—he said he could give plenty, he could give a hundred references—one was "Mr. Crowther, No. 104, Bunhill-row"—he gave me three references, the others I could not find, but I went to Mr. Crowther, and he said he was a very good man, I might trust him to any amount—I took the goods myself the next day to Maiden-lane—I saw the warehouseman, and the prisoner came when he saw the cart with the goods—he said, "That is right, you have just come in time"—he said he wanted the goods to be shipped the next morning—I saw a great many empty cases, they were cases made for exportation—the prisoner came again on the 9th, he ordered more goods, which were sent to him—this is the order book in which I put down the goods myself, while the prisoner was there—the goods altogether amounted to 42l. 19s.—on the day after that I took down the last goods—I saw the prisoner, and he said he should want some more goods, and he came up and selected almost the whole of the goods that I had in my shop, amounting to 70l. or 80l.—that was on the 24th or 25th—that put me on my guard—I went the next day to No. 10, Maiden-lane to look after my money—I saw his warehouseman, but I did not see the prisoner till I saw him in custody this year—I went to his house perhaps ten or a dozen times that day—there were new cases there ready to pack.

COURT. Q. What was it induced you to let this man have these goods? A. His reference; and then I saw the house in Maiden-lane was a very respectable house—he asked for a list of prices, and then he said that he used a good many—then be gave an order for two of these, and two of those—he appeared to be a business man, trafficking to the West Indies—I would not have parted with my goods to him unless he had told me these things—I thought I should have a good customer—on 26th or 27th Aug., I saw at Bow-lane station a barometer and a looking-glass—they were part of the goods I had trusted him with.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How soon did you go to the house in Maiden-lane? A. The first order was given on the 6th Aug.; and something was said about their being shipped next day—I went to Maiden-lane on the 7th, when I took the goods—when I went with the next order following, I saw two or three small glasses there, but the large ones were gone—that was about the 9th.





WILLIAM CHILD
. I am an officer attached to the Trade Protection Society—I received instructions, and inquired after the firm of Barclay and Co.—on the 25th Aug., I saw Mr. Cetta in Mr. Barclay's warehouse in Maiden-lane—I was there, and when Mr. Cetta came out I had some conversation with him—the next morning I went to Mr. Cetta's place—I returned to Maiden-lane, and watched there about a quarter of an hour—I saw the warehouseman come out with a looking-glass and barometer, wrapped up in a shawl—I had been watching the premises three or four

days—I had seen that man in the shop acting as warehouseman, and he told me he was warehouseman—I saw him for hours in the warehouse-when he brought the goods out, I stopped him in Thames-street, took the goods from him, and took them to Bow-lane station—Mr. Cetta saw them and recognized them—I knew the defendant by the name of Tucker—when I took him, he gave me the name of Sinclair—I knew him by the name of Willis; I have seen him giving that name—the name of Barclay and Co., East and West India merchants was over the door in Maiden-lane—the man whom I took with the barometer and glass, was taken from the station to Clerkenwell, he there begged Mr. Cetta to forgive him, and he would give the goods up—he said he was only servant to Mr. Barclay—I did not see the defendant till last Jan., at the Elephant and Castle; he got into an omnibus to go to Shoreditch, I got into the omnibus and rode with him to Spital-square, I then took him to the station—I know Mr. Crowther's place, he has now left—I followed some goods from Mr. Barclay's ware-house to Mr. Crowther's—I think it was on the day after I took the looking. I glass and the barometer—I there saw about two dozen glasses and a lot of chain, I which I had seen in Mr. Barclay's—I have been looking for Mr. Crowther, I do not know where he is—the place in Maiden-lane was first designated I as Barclay and Co's., about June, 1848, and it continued rather better than two months before it was shut up—Crowther's place was closed a few days afterwards.





JOHN BOUCHER
. I live in Bush-lane, Cannon-street. The house No. 10, Maiden-lane, belongs to my father—the prisoner came in June, 1848—he agreed to take those premises—he represented himself as a wholesale provision and export merchant, by the name of Barclay—he remained in the house rather less than three months—about three weeks before the quarter he left—we never got any rent from him.





JOHN MILES
. I live in Dowgate-hill. I know the prisoner—I put up the inscription for him at Maiden-lane, "Barclay and Co., East and West India merchants"—he never paid me for what I did.





JAMES THOMPSON
. I am a box-maker, and live in Knight-rider-street In June, 1848, I was foreman to Mr. Holmer—about July or Aug., 1348, the prisoner came to his shop in Old Fish-street—he said he wanted some packing cases to pack goods, they were to be shipping cases—he gave the name of Barclay and Co., No. 10, Maiden-lane—we made him twenty-four cases: we never got paid for them—we got nineteen of them back, in consequence of a line being written to us.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were three other indictments against the prisoner.)
