



1726. 



JAMES WRIGHT
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a forged request for the delivery of goods.






RICHARD SMITH
. I am a tailor, and live in Church-street, Brighton. On the 20th of June last, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I packed up a dress coat, and directed it to "Mr. Butler, 140, Cheapside, London," and sent it by the Brighton railway—this is it—it was made in my establishment—it is a new one.





EDWARD ELSTON
. I live in Cross-street, Bermondsey, and am clerk to Cbaplin and Home. The prisoner came to me, at the Brighton terminus, and said he wanted a parcel addressed to Mr. Butler, 140, Cheapside, and brought this order before the train came in—(read)—"Please deliver the bearer a parcel to come by the Brighton railway for Mr. Butler, 140, Cheapside—20th June, 1846—Brighton Railway station, London-bridge"—I gave him the parcel—he put bis initials in the book.





THOMAS PURDY
. I am assistant to William Clayson, of No, 140, Cheapside. Mr. Butler is one of our travellers—on the 20th of June he was at Witham, in Essex—I know that by a letter—the prisoner did not bring any coat or parcel to our house—this order is not Butler's handwriting—there was no parcel delivered.





ROBERT BRIOGS
. I am shopman to Mr. Wood, a pawnbroker. On the 20th of June, about eleven o'clock at night, this coat which I have produced was pledged at our place by a woman.





JOSHUA REEVE LAW
. I am a clerk at the London-bridge Railway station, and live in the Broadway. I was present on the evening in question, and saw the parcel delivered to the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence. The witnesses are wrong as to my identity; they say I applied for it twenty minutes before the train came in; How is it possible that I could apply for it before it arrived, when I am a stranger to all the parties?





RICHARD SMITH

re-examined. The parcel was directed about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon of the 20th—it arrived in London at ten minutes past eight, it came by the six o'clock train from Brighton—there was no other train before this arrived, after six o'clock.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The prisoner had been before convicted of felony, and there was another indictment against him.)
