





1163. 




JOHN ELL
 and 



HENRY CORDUROY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
18th of April, 7 reams of paper, value 6l. 7s., the goods of Sir 



William Magnay and another; and 





JOHN DODGE



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen.


MESSRS. BODKIN, CLARKSOK, and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City police-constable C 422.) I received directions to watch the premises of Messrs. Magnay, and on the 18th of April I saw one of their wagons at their warehouse about two o'clock—it remained there about half an hour before it left—I then saw it drive off—Corduroy accompanied it as wagoner—I saw him driving it, he was by the side of the horses—I did not see Ell at the warehouse—I followed the wagon to the Stationery-office in James-street, Buckingham-gate—I did not see anything delivered, as the wagon went up a gateway—I saw it return, and it was driven to the Coach and Horses public-house in York-street—Corduroy went in there—whilst he was in there£Ell drove up in a cab—he got out and went into the public-house—I did not see him come out again, but I saw Corduroy come out in about a quarter of an hour—he then took the wagon to the Duke of Ormond's Head public-house in Princes-street—Corduroy went in there, and stopped about a quarter of an hour—he then came out in company with Ell—the wagon then went on towards Storey's-gate—Ell and Corduroy accompanied it, walking—when they got near to Storey's-gate, I saw the tilt of the wagon move, and Ell got in—it was an ordinary wagon-tilt—a person inside would not be perceived by persons outside while the tilt was over it—Ell's hat came off as he was getting in—Corduroy stopped the wagon, and Ell got his hat again—the wagon then went on to a beer-shop at Lambeth, and stopped at the door, and Ell got out—he and Corduroy went into the beer-shop—I saw them come out—the wagon then went on, and Ell and Corduroy accompanied it—it stopped at the corner of the Waterloo-road—I then saw Corduroy unfasten the tail-board of the wagon—(before he did that, he and Ell stood talking together for about two minutes)—he took out of it two bundles in brown paper wrappers, and placed them at the door of a shop which is a receiving-house for the London Parcels Delivery Company—Ell was by him to see what he did—Ell then carried the parcels into the shop, and Corduroy drove on with the wagon—Ell remained in the shop four or five minutes—he then left, but I cannot tell which way he went—I then went into the shop and saw the parcels which had been taken from the wagon—they have since been examined and found to contain each three reams of paper—they were addressed to "Mr. Dodge, No. 25, Ashley-terrace, City-road"—I cut off one of the directions—(this is it)—I made a communication to Messrs. Magnay on the subject—I then went with the inspector to the receiving-house—I made a communication to the persons there, and brought away the parcels—between eight and nine o'clock the same evening I went, by desire of my inspector, dressed as a porter, and took the two parcels to Dodge's house—I knocked at the door—Dodge came—I said I had two parcels for Mr. Dodge—he said "My name is Dodge; it is all right"—he then took the parcels off my shoulder and put them down in the passage—I asked him if he

would have the kindness to give me a receipt for them—he said, "Did Ell tell you to ask for a receipt"—I had not at that time mentioned Ell's name—I said, "No, he did not, but I should be better pleased if you would give me one"—he then said, "Did Ell pay you?"—I said, "No, he has not, sir"—he said, "Then I will give you 1s.; you can tell Ell that I have paid you, and that will be as good as an acknowledgment for the receipt of the paper"—he gave me 1s., and offered me some gin—I then left, and joined Mr. Magnay and Mr. Todhunter, who were waiting some yards from the house—I returned with them, and took Dodge into custody—I told him I was an officer, and took the paper which I had already delivered—I afterwards took Ell in custody—I found a portion of a card in his pocket, which I produce, also another half of a card which I got from Gibbs at the receiving-house—when I was following the wagon I was in plain clothes—I had seen the wagon loaded at Messrs. Magnay's with the bulk of the paper—it was in open reams, that is, the sides of the paper were open—the paper that went to Dodge's was covered altogether.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You were about half an hour at Messrs. Magnay's? A. Yes—there were two public-houses and a beer-shop that the wagon stopped at—the first public-house was the Coach and Horses, and the other was the Duke of Ormond's Head—I did cot see Ell go in at the Duke of Ormond's Head, but I saw him come out—the Stationery-office is inclosed with a wall and gates—I saw the wagon drive into the yard—what happened there I do not know.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did Ell get into the wagon at Messrs. Magnay's? A. He did not—the first time I saw him he was getting out of a cab near the door of the Coach and Horses—the Stationery-office is not surrounded by a wall, but there is a wall at one part of it, the part nearest to York-street—the Coach and Horses is in York-street—I have been employed in London, but not in carrying out parcels—I have been in the police four years, and before that I was a gentleman's servant—I stood about two hundred yards from Messrs. Magnay's warehouse—I was not out of sight of it—I stood near the end of Garlick-hill, and Messrs. Magnay's is at College-hill—Corduroy was with his horses.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. At whose request did you watch? A. At the request of Sir William and Mr. George Magnay—it was by direction of my inspector that I dressed myself like a porter, to go and carry the paper, it was in Mr. Magnay's presence—I went back, accompanied by the inspector, Mr. Todhunter, to get the paper at the receiving-house, and I took it to Messrs. Magnay's, in Maiden-lane, which is one entrance to their warehouse—I deposited it in a room on the ground floor—I put it on a table, to the best of my recollection, and it remained there five or ten minutes—I then took it with me to Dodge's—Mr. George Magnay and Mr. Todhunter went with me—I carried it a short distance—it was then put on the foot-board of a cab—I rode outside the cab, and Mr. George Magnay and Mr. Todhunter got inside—we went to Dodge's—I got off before I got to Dodge's—the paper was on the foot-board—the cab man assisted me to take it off—Mr. Magnay and Mr. Todhunter staid at some distance while I went to Dodge's house—all this time I had a jacket and an apron on—no one has paid me yet—I cannot tell that I look to anybody to pay me—what I did was in pursuance of my duty—I should not be at all surprised if Sir William Magnay paid me—I fetched

Mr. Magnay to Dodge's—I was in the house the whole time Mr. Magnay was there—I cannot say whether Dodge answered every question that was put to him truly—he was with Mr. Magnay by himself—I heard tome part of the conversation, but not all—he offered to bring a light to Mr. Magnay to show him over his premises—he said he had sent about four or five reams of the paper the day before to Mr. Yarranton, which was found to be correct—he said he had no idea that he had done anything wrong.





GEORGE MAGNAY, ESQ
. I am the brother of Sir William Magnay, and am in partnership with him in the house in College-hill—we supply her Majesty's Stationery-office with paper—we never permit any persons in our employ to have any perquisites, or to dispose of any outside paper, or outside covering, or wrappers—in consequence of what I observed relative to our stock, I employed the police to watdh our servants—on the 11th of April Haydon brought me this direction, which is Ell's writing—(read)—"Mr. Dodge, No. 25, Ashley-terraoe, City-road"—I was afterwards shown another address on another paper, which was in the same handwriting—there were two parcels of paper brought to our place by Haydon—this is one of them, and on the wrapper of it is u Mr. Dodge, No. 25, Ashley-terrace, City-road"—there were about six iearns of paper in the two parcels—they are worth about six guineas'—that is what we should sell them for if we sold them—it is called blue-wove double foolscap—to the best of my belief it has not been sold—it is paper we do not generally sell in the trade, it is made expressly for Government—in consequence of this paper being shown to me, I went with the officer to Dodge's house, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening—the officer was dressed as a porter—he took the paper there—when I got there I found Dodge there, and the paper which had been delivered by the officer—on my going in I asked if Mr. Dodge was at home—he said, "What is your pleasure, Sir?"—I said, "Is your name Dodge?"—he said, "Yes, Sir"—I said, "I give you into custody for receiving stolen property; this paper is mine; where did you get it from?"—he said, "I bought it of John Ell"—I said, "What did you give for it?"—he said, "10s. per ream"I said, "You know you must have been doing wrong in buying that paper for 10s."—he said, "If I have done wrong I am a ruined man; what shall I do! I will confess all"—I said, "Whatever you say will go in evidence against you"—he said, "My wife advised me to have no transaction with Nicholson, for it would be the ruin of me if I did," or words to that effect—we then took the paper into his front room, and retired to his work-shop, which is the back room—he is a working book binder—it is a private house—I there examined his stock—we found on the counter three more reams of the same sort of paper, blue-wove double foolscap—I said, "Here is some more of my paper"—he said, "I received that from John Ell yesterday, and likewise five reams more that I have sent to Mr. Yarranton, the ruler"—I searched further and found several reams of yellow-wove double foolscap, ruled—I said, "This is also mine; how came you to have it ruled?"—it is not customary to rule printing paper in this way—on looking further I found a considerable quantity of books made from the same yellow-wove foolscap paper that was ruled, on the counter—it is not usual for printing paper to be ruled in that way for books, as it is a paper that has no size in it, and the ink sinks—it is expressly prepared for printing—I looked further and found a considerable quantity of wrappers, some under one counter and some under another, under other paper, and, on looking at

the wrappers, I found the direction "Mr. Dodge, 25, Ashley-terrace, City-road, by the Parcels Delivery Company," in John Ell's handwriting—after I found these, Dodge's remark was, "What shall I do? I bought the paper of Ell"—when he said he had no idea he was doing wrong, I said, "You must know you were doing wrong; you could not have bought this paper, 26lbs., (which was the weight of it) for 10s.; that is not 6d. a pound: it ought to have been from 9 1/2d. to 10d."—he said, "I bought a ream of paper of Mr. Evans, in Budge-row, for 7s. 6d."—I said, "What was the weight of that?"—he said, "14lbs."—I said, "Surely you cannot compare this with what you bought at 7s. 6d.; you have been a long time in the trade, and ought to have known better; show me your invoices."—but on searching I cottld not find any, neither could he show me any—he said, "I have got none"—he then said, "I shall be ruined, I have respectable connexions who were going to put me into business; my sister promised me assistance as well as a friend; I have first-rate characters from the Bank of England; what shall I do? I will confess all"—I said, "Whatever you confess will go against you"—he said, "Shall I be locked up to-night"—I said, "Yes, you will be locked up, but I will speak to the officer to get you a comfortable cell"—he said, "Will you prosecute me?"—I said, "I will"—he was then taken to the station—he made use of these sort of expressions frequently—Ell was under-warehouseman in our establishment—he was acquainted with the regulations of our house as to the Stationery-office and the mode of supply for it, as to inspection-notes, and so on—an inspection-note and receipt-note are the same thing, except that one is kept and the other is returned to us—the receipt-note is the acknowledgment from the office that the quantity of paper purporting to have been delivered has been received—at the Stationery-office, on their receipt of the paper, they give the receipt-note back and retain the inspection-note, and give us an accepted notice.

Q. Was it Ell's business or not to see the wagon loaded? A. The clerk gave Ell instruction to load the wagon with a certain quantity of paper—it was Ell's business, with the assistance of the porters and wagoner, to put that in the wagon, and nothing but what he was desired to put in, no more—it was within the scope of Ell's duty occasionally to go to the Stationery-office, either with or without the wagon—it would excite no suspicion for him to go to the Stationery-office, but I am not aware of any business that he had which would take him to a public-house in York-street, or elsewhere, and most decidedly not to the Parcels Delivery Company-Dodge was not a customer of ours—I did not know him at all—when I had given him in charge the officer addressed me as Mr. Magnay—up to that time I am not aware that Dodge knew who I was—the officer named me first.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Dodge was not a customer of yours? A. No; Ell has occasionally bought a ream or two of paper for his friends in the country—he has not bought as much as 18l. worth at a time to my knowledge—I have looked through our sales for the last twelve months, and he has not—I have no knowledge of his buying as much as 18l. worth—nor 15l. nor 13l. worth, to my knowledge—I am not the warehouse-clerk—he may have bought it of the warehouse-clerk and I not know it.

Q. Now, about these wrappers and waste paper, you sell them occasionally? A. We sell waste paper and brown paper—the wrappers are not sold to my knowledge—I have given orders for them never to be sold

—the brown paper wrappers, that is what comes round the paper, are sold, some hundreds weight at a time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you know much of Corduroy? A. He was in our service—he can write his name I believe—I have seen him, and he can read a direction—I do not know whether he can read anything else—I have seen him look at a direction and say, "I know where to go"—I cannot say whether he can make out the Lord's prayer—a direction is not the easiest thing in the world to make out—whether he can read print or not I do not know, but he can make out a direction—I will not say that he can read anything in the shape of a direction, but if he had a direction to go to two or three places he would be able to make it oat—that arises from his going to the same places so often—I was not there when the wagon was loaded—it is Corduroy's business to load the wagon—he receives the paper and puts it in the wagon—when the wagon is to be loaded it is his place to get into the wagon and receive the paper as it it given him from the warehouse.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. You told my friend, just now, that six reams of paper were worth six guineas; now I do not wish to pry into your business, but will you swear that you get anything like six guineas for it? A. For that description of paper—for the blue paper we get very nearly a guinea a ream, and for the yellow, nearly 17s.—we have four clerks in our warehouse—I believe they all sell—I take the out-door department—when I am at home I have to do with sales effected at home in the warehouse—I am about half my time out and half at home.

Q. You said Dodge said, "I will confess all;" were not the words he used, "I will tell you all that I know about it?" A. To the best of my belief he said, "I will confess all"—I had as vivid a recollection of what he said when I was first examined as I have now—he said, "If I have done wrong I am a ruined man; I will tell you all I know about it, and will confess all"—he said he had got five reams at Yarranton's—I have never said it was four reams, to my knowledge—I am sufficiently positive to swear that he said five, and five were found at Yarranton's—I have always said no—I told him, in the first instance, without any inquiry, that he had been committing a felony—I believe this yellow-wove double foolscap paper is ours—it is precisely similar to some we have a great quantity of, and he said he bought it of John Ell—it is a peculiar make—it is made for printing, and of a description and quality that we have had an immense quantity of—it is very stout for double foolscap—I do not believe there are thousands of reams of this weight in London—it is not often made so heavy—this is the paper that I say it is unusual to rule—Dodge offered to bring a light to show us over his house—it was the officer he offered the light to, and the officer went over the house—he brought the light—he did not offer it to me—it was a light out of the back room—he said to the officer, "Here is a light, I will go with you, and show you over the house"—he pointed out some;' books to me himself.

Q. Did he not tell you he had purchased the paper of which those books were made? A. He only mentioned having bought some paper of John Ell—he directed my attention to some books—I was looking over his place, and I think I had seen the books before he mentioned them—I am not aware whether I had said anything about them before he mentioned them to me—I will not swear that I had.

Q. By what do you identify any part of the paper that has been produced; what enables you to say any part of it is yours? A. It is a paper

exactly similar to paper that was in the warehouse when this paper was found—we had a great quantity of it in the warehouse of the same make—we send to the Stationery-office, perhaps 250 reams in a fortnight, sometimes 500—we do not generally sell that description of paper to other parties—we do not in the course of a year sell a considerable quantity of it, except to the Office—we may have sold a few reams, ten or twenty reams—we have not sold more—to the best of my belief we have not sold more than twenty reams of it in a year.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Is it usual, if a parcel is to be delivered in the same road as the Stationery-office, to send it with the Stationery things? A. Sometimes, but not generally, and on that day there was nothing sent—I gave the clerk instructions not to send anything.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did Corduroy know enough of your business to know that nothing was to go out without an invoice, or a note from some one of the clerks? A. Yes—he has been in the service of the family ever since he was thirteen years old—he has been in our service with the wagon and other servitude, for twenty-six years, I think—he knew that it was the practice of our trade, not to send out any goods without an invoice, or note from some clerk of the establishment—a note or invoice would, in due course of business, have been delivered to him, to deliver with the goods—we have missed a great quantity of the blue-wove fools-cap, as well as the yellow-wove foolscap—we sell to Government by contract, and on competition with other wholesale persons in the trade—perhapi twenty different contracts go in, and generally to the extent of 100,000 reams—I told Dodge he had committed a felony, before I entered into conversation with him—I had seen the officer go to his house, and seen the direction on the paper—Ell never purchased any of this blue double-wove foolscap of us, nor printing paper of any kind.





JOSEPH TODHUNTER
. I am inspector of the City police. Inconsequence of some communication from Messrs. Magnay, I gave directions to Haydon—he was acting under my directions some time before this occurred—on the 18th of April I accompanied Mr. Magnay and Haydon with the two parcels of paper, to the neighbourhood of Ashley-terrace—Haydon was directed to take the two parcels of paper to Dodge's house—he then returned to us—Mr. Magnay and myself went to Dodge's house—we were at the door together, I cannot say whether he or I went in first—after we had been there some little time, I was in the back parlour with Dodge—Mr. Magnay had left the room, and I believe was in the front parlour—Dodge said, "This is a bad job, I am afraid my character is lost; do you think I can do anything with Mr. Magnay?"—I said, "I do not know, you may try if you like"—I had not mentioned the name of Mr. Magnay to him before he made that observation—he had before that been in conversation with Mr. Magnay—before that, something was said about his having bought paper at a sale, and a catalogue was handed to me—I handed the catalogue to Haydon—I did not notice what sale it was—I asked Dodge if he had any invoice of the goods we found there—he said no, he had not—he did not point to any paper, or speak of any particular paper when he spoke of a sale—he said he had bought paper at a sale, and he had a catalogue.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Have you got his account-books here? A. Yes.





MICHAEL HAYDON

re-examined. I have not got the catalogue here—he made no reference to any paper we brought away with reference to that catalogue.






JAMES GEORGE ALEXANDER DIGGINS
. I am an examiner of paper at her Majesty's Stationery-office. Messrs. Magnay supply us with paper—it is my duty to count the paper at the time it is delivered, and examine it afterwards—on the 18th of April we received 160 reams of paper from Messrs. Magnay's—I believe Corduroy was the person who brought it—I counted the paper, and put my initials to it, and then handed over a note to the person who brought it—this is the note I handed to Corduroy on that occasion—I was present during the whole time the wagon was there—Corduroy did not receive any paper of any kind from me, or in my presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. There was no deficiency of paper in the Stationery-office? A. Not that I am aware of—I judge from the appearance of the parcels, whether they are what they ought to be—the paper is all in reams, and my own experience is generally sufficient to know if the quantity is there—I do not know whether Ell was there that day—he generally goes on those occasions, and I mostly speak to him, if I speak to any one.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Are you a judge of paper? A. Yes—this is a common quality of paper.

MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Is it for writing or printing on? A. Not for writing on at all, for printing—it is such as account-books would be made of—it is a common quality of paper for writing on—I could not say whether it is a paper we use or not.





WILLIAM JOSEPH WICKWAR
. I am a clerk in the house of Sir William Magnay and Co. I produce the note which I prepared on the 18th of April, before these goods were delivered—I prepared this inspection-note at the same time, which was returned to me with the initials of Mr. Diggins on it—it was brought to the counting-house by Corduroy—I gave instructions to Corduroy, on the 18th of April, to go to the Stationery-office—Ell was in the warehouse—it was bis duty to load the paper—he prepared it, and loaded it, and Corduroy received it into the wagon—I saw Ell there—it would be his duty to sort out the paper, and put it into the wagon—I saw him at work at the paper—he would have no authority to put anything into the wagon, except that for which I had given him directions in writing, or some other document—he knew that that was the custom of the house—he has been in the employ more than twenty years—Corduroy took the receipt-note to the place where the goods were delivered, and it was his duty to bring it back from the office—Ell occasionally accompanied the wagon to the Stationery-office—he is sent to assist in unloading it—if there were not a wagon load of goods going to the Stationery-office, and we had any other orders to execute, they would never be sent without a receipt-note or an invoice—Ell and Corduroy knew that perfectly well, from the periods they had been in the establishment—I was not aware that any paper had been put into the wagon, nor did I authorize either of them, or direct any other person to put any other paper into the wagon that morning except that going to the Stationery-office—I had received instructions from Sir William Magnay with reference to what was put into the wagon that morning, as to my watchfulness and care of it—I did not give directions to anybody to put more or less into it than what was to go to the Stationery-office—it was to have that, and that only—I gave that direction to Ell, to load the wagon with the double fools-cap—the wagon is drawn up opposite a window to be loaded—there is a

sliding-board to extend from the warehouse to the wagon, and the paper is pushed down the board—I do not know what was the position of the officer that morning—supposing he stopped at Garlick-hill, he would not be able to see Ell if he were in the warehouse.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you superintend the loading of the wagon? A. No—I saw Ell working at the counter, assisting in loading it—I will not swear that I saw him put any of it into the wagon—I gave him directions what paper was to go, and saw him working at the counter—the wagon was loaded after he came from dinner—he was absent from the warehouse, and back again, while they were loading the wagon—no doubt there were porters assisting in loading it—I have, from time to time, sold paper to Ell—not some hundred weight at a time—not 18l. worth—I have sold him ten guineas' worth at a time, and 13l. worth at a time, and on other occasions small amounts.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDEROAST. Q. Did you see the wagon at the place? A. Yes—I cannot tell whether Corduroy went to his dinner at that time—I cannot swear that the wagon was partly loaded when he went to his dinnerand returned—he had his dinner before he went with the wagon—I cannot tell whether he went to dinner when the wagon was partly loaded—I saw Ell preparing the paper, and superintending the loading of the wagon—Corduroy's place was in the wagon—he might have been gone to his dinner—I do not know that he was gone to his dinner while the wagon was loading—I cannot swear whether he was away while the wagon was loading—I cannot remember whether he was away part of the time while it was loading—I do not recollect whether I saw bim put his hand to any parcel at all—the delivery notes have occasionally been given to Ell—he frequently went to the Stationery-office—not generally—there was no rule about it—if he was ordered to go he went, sometimes two or three days running—on this occasion he was told to go to the Stationery-office—I do not know that he went in a cab—he was told to go, before the wagon was loaded—I was present when the wagon left the premises—I did not see Ell in it—it was not necessary for him to go with the wagon, but he went afterwards—that was frequently the case—we have, besides the wagon, a cart, that takes paper to the stationers' shops, and to the consumers—we serve wholesale and retail dealers, and we have a cart that carries the various things to different places—a man named Hall has the care of that cart—the smaller parcels would go by this cart under the care of Hall generally—I used generally to superintend the loading of the cart—I do not generally superintend the loading of the wagon—if I had occasion to load the cart I should have given instructions to Ell if he were there, but if the porters were there, I generally used to tell them—I told either Ell or a porter—if a parcel were to be sent out of the rounds of the cart I would not send it by the wagon—if I wished to send a parcel eight or ten miles out of the rounds of the cart it would be sent by a carrier—I believe the Parcels Delivery Company are great carriers.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you give directions to anybody, either the Parcels Delivery Company, or carrier, to carry any goods on the 18th of April, by means of the New-cut, to Mr. Dodge, in Ashley-terrace? A. I did not—I did not give any directions to Ell to do so—if I had had anything to send to Ashley-terrace, I should not have sent it by the way of Lambeth—Ell was desired that day to go to the Stationery-office—he was not desired to go to the Coach and Horses, or any such place as that, or anywhere

else, except to the Stationery-office—I have here a memorandum of the paper I sold to Ell—"On the 22nd of Feb., 1845, two reams of thick post, and one ream of yellow foolscap"—he said he wanted it for the school-master where his boy went to school in the country, a little way out of town on the 20th of Nov. I sold him one ream of thick post, and one ream of yellow foolscap, amounting to 27s. the two—I sold him to the amount of 10l. eight or nine years ago—I have sold him various little quantities, principally writing paper, but never any blue wove.





ALEXANDER GEDDES
. I am in the service of Mr. Ash brook, who keeps an oil-shop in the'New-cut, Lambeth, and a receiving-house for the Parcels Delivery Company—I remember the officer coming there on the 18th of April—there were two parcels there, which had not been there five minutes—they had been brought by the prisoner Ell—there was a wagon outside—the addresses were on the parcels which have been produced to-day,—the name of Dodge was on them—Ell brought the parcels somewhere about four o'clock in the afternoon—he wanted to know what time they would be delivered—I told him it was too late for them to be sent that afternoon, they would be delivered in the morning—he wanted to know how he could get them back if that would not do—I tore one of my employer's cards in half, gave him one of the halves, and told him any person producing that might have them back, if that would not do, if not, they would go in the morning—these are the two halves of the card.





MICHAEL HAYDON

re-examined. One half of this card I got from Geddes, and the other half I found in Ell's pocket.





THOMAS HOGG
. I keep the Coach and Horses, in York-street, Westminster, about a hundred yards or more from the Stationery-office—I know Ell and Corduroy—they were at my bouse on the afternoon of the 18th of April—I had seen them before that—they had been in the habit of coming backwards and forwards to my bouse for many yean—I do not know how long they were at my house on the 18th of April—I was not there all the time—perhaps I saw them for five minutes—they had something, but I do not know what—I did not serve them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Used the clerks in the Stationery-office to come there? A. Not the clerks, but I have seen some of the persons there—my house is handy.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Is it not usual when the men come to the Stationery-office for them to come to your house? A. Not to my house—I have frequently seen them come to bave something to drink—it is not a common practice—they have come to my house on many occasions, not only Magnay's people, but the persons who assist in the Stationery-office.

MR. PRENDERGAST
to
W.J. WICKWAR. Q. I believe when the wagon goes there is an allowance made to the men there? A. 1s. 6d. is given for drink.





WILLIAM GODFREY
. I am a jobbing-porter, near the foot of Southwark-bridge—I have been employed by Ell on different occasions—I have been to Mr. Dodge, in Ashley-terrace, with letters from Ell, three or four different times—Ell used to pay me for going about 8d. a time—the last time I went was on a Friday, and I think it was the 18th of April—it was with a note from Ell—I took it between ten and eleven o'clock—Dodge read Ell's note, and said, "Two o'clock"—I told Ell two o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When did you first give an account of this to anybody? A. I do not know—I mentioned it last Wednesday

to the attorney, Mr. Hobler—that was the first time I told him of it—I have never been before the Magistrate—I have been a jobbing-porter for twelve months—I have been in regular employ, but not latterly—I was in the City police about four years ago—I was obliged to resign, because I got a drop too much—I have been in no regular employ since—this was on a Friday, and I think it was on the 18th of April—Messrs. Magnays have not been talking to me about the 18th—I will not swear that the officer or Mr. Ilobler did not.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. What did you do when you got a drop too much? A. I went to sleep on a step up a court in the Old Jewry—that was the only offence forwhich I was dismissed—there was no other charge brought against me—I have not applied for any regular employ since—I have been employed as a porter, about Southwark-bridge—Mr. George Magnay was the person who first came to me about this matter—I heard that he was inquiring for me, and I went to him at his house, but I had seen him in Thames-street before I went to his house—I believe I spoke to him first—I knew it was him, because I had seen him before in the street, going in and out of his house at the corner of College-hill—I knew him as I know anybody else—I had been told it was Mr. Magnay a long time ago, and I went up to him in the street—I do not know whether I had any work that day—I did not get a drop of anything to drink at his expense—I did not get anything of Mr. Hobler—they gave me 1s. for the subpœna last Wednesday—I went to Mr. Hobler's office by order of Mr. Magnay—I was reading the newspaper on the Friday morning that I went with the note, and I saw the date on the top it, so I know k was the 18th—I go with a great many notes, and often read the newspaper—I do not know that I noticed that day in particular, but I know it was on a Friday, and the next morning I heard that some persons had been taken at Mr. Magnay's.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you know that the note you took had anything to do with this? A. No, but when I heard that a robbery had been effected, the thought struck me directly, "This is the very man I have seen"—I did not know that the note I took had anything to do with the robbery till I had conversation with Mr. Magnay, and then I went to Mr. Hobler's by his desire—I heard Mr. Magnay had been inquiring after me two or three days.

MR. WILKINS
to
JOSEPH TODHUNTER. Q. Was not Yarranton examined on this case before the Magistrate? A. He was examined in the case of Sir William Magnay, but whether on this charge I cannot say.

COURT
to
MR. GEORGE MAGNAY. Q. Do you say that parcels should not go without an invoice? A. It is customary to send an invoice with the goods—if the parcels are sent by the Parcels Delivery they would send the parcels delivery-book, which would be signed—the invoices are often sent by post.
(Mr. De La Rue, a stationer and card-maker; Mr. Jones, a clerk in the Bank of England; Mr. Coe, of the stationery department in the Bank of England; and Mr. Freeman, of Somerset-street, Portman-square, gave Dodge a good character; John Ayres, a cow-keeper, at Hoxton; Francis Riches, a green-grocer, Whitmore-road, Hoxton; Henry Binfield, a draper, in Old Fish-street; and Edward Cohen, a tailor, in Great St. Thomas the Apostle, gave Ell a good character.)

ELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Seven Years.


CORDUROY—


NOT GUILTY
.

DODGE—



GUILTY. Aged 31.—




Judgment Respited.


