






1630. 




WILLIAM BROWN,



 EDWARD WORLEY
, and 




JAMES WOODERSON
, were indicted for

 stealing 99lbs. weight of lead, value 4s., the goods of 



Joseph Edwards, and fixed to a building.—2nd COUNT, not stating it to be fixed.






JOSEPH EDWARDS
. I am a chimney-sweeper, and live in Orchard-street, Westminster. I have a soot-shed about fifty or sixty yards from my house—it had lead fixed on it, which was safe on Friday and Saturday, the 3rd and 4th of May—I missed it about half-past one o'clock on Monday the 6th of May—the tiles had been removed also—I went to the station at Bow-street—I found the lead in the yard—I took it and compared it with the roof, and it fitted exactly, and the nail-holes corresponded—I can swear to this one piece.





THOMAS LANGLEY
 (police-constable F 121.) About eleven o'clock on Sunday morning, the 5th of May, I was in Drury-lane, and saw the three prisoners coming down the lane—Brown was carrying a basket, which appeared to be very heavy—they passed me—I followed them to the corner of Queen-street, and there Brown and Wooderson saw me following them—they crossed and went down Wild-street—they spoke together again—they crossed over to the other side—another officer was coming, and we took them—they had this lead with them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did not Wooderson escape? A. Yes—I did not see him again till the 15th of May, when he was in custody—I had inquired about him in the interval—I gave a description of him at the police station as about twenty-five or twenty-six years old, rather dark complexion, with a cut on his left cheek—I observed that as I passed him—I never had any conversation with him—Bagnell did not give a description of him in my presence—I did not talk to him at all about him—I only told him that he had a jacket on similar to a fustian jacket, but nothing about the cut on the face—I have been in the police since 1840—I had never seen Wooderson before—I went down to the station and gave the report to a man at the door—he was one of the B division—I do not know his number—it is my duty to make the report to my superior—I did not do so, because I thought I could apprehend him without.

Brown. The policeman came to me in Clerkenwell, and asked me a description of the man; I told him he had a cut down his face: he asked me all the particulars. Witness. I did go there, but did not ask him to describe the third man; he said he would tell me the man if I went to him; I went to him, and he would not tell me anything about him.





CHARLES HENRY BAGNELL
 (police-constable F 31.) I was on duty in Wild-street—I saw the three prisoners coming down Great Wild-street—Brown had this basket—it was very heavy—Langley came to me and said something—the other two men ran away—I ran after them—I swear Wooderson was one of the men—I had never seen either of them before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far were you from Worley when he ran away? A. Twenty-five yards—I knew him by seeing him—when I brought Worley back Brown said he was not the man who employed him.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long have you been in the police? A. Eleven years—I remember Wooderson—Langley did not tell me he had a cut on the face—I did not notice any cut—I saw him again in custody at the B station—Langley was there, and pointed the prisoner out—he did not express any doubt about him—I had given no description of him—I left that to Langley—I did not hear him give a description—there were no other persons under charge.





WM. MILLERMAN
. I apprehended Wooderson—I had received information

from Mr. Edwards—I had known all three prisoners as being together-before—I told him it was for being concerned in taking some lead from Mr. Edwards—he said he believed I was only joking with him—he is a labourer—sometimes he works, and sometimes he is along with thieves—I have been in the police ten years—I received information on the subject on the Monday—I did not go to his house, because I knew I should meet him in the street.

Brown's Defence. About a quarter to eleven o'clock I was coming through Brokers-alley; a man in a fustian coat, who appeared to be a plumber, asked if I wanted a job; I said, "What?" He said, "Help me to carry this, I will give you 6d." I had not got it above five minutes, and the officer asked what I had got; I said the man that gave it me was just before me.





JOHN BRANNAN
, labourer, Peter-street, Westminster. I know Wooderson, he is a shoemaker—between ten and eleven o'clock on the 5th of May, I saw him in his own room; I went there to have my shoes mended—he was about half an hour about it—I stayed with him till about one o'clock.





THOMAS WESTON. I
 hawk nuts; I have known Wooderson as a neighbour four years. On the 5th of May I swept the front of his door, and saw him in-doors—he is a shoemaker, and works for Mr. Patterson in Broadway, at the corner of Tothill-street.

COURT. Q. Was he at home the next day? A. I will not be certain—I live next door to him.





TIMOTHY SHEILS
. I am a mason's labourer, and live three doors from Wooderson. About ten o'clock on Sunday, the 5th of May, I went to borrow a hammer of him to nail my own boots—I took it home, and the prisoner was not out of my sight till a few minutes after twelve—I did not see him during the next week, because I was at Greenwich.





WILLIAM SCOTT
. I am a labourer. I know Wooderson—I saw him at work in front of Pye-street on the 5th of May.

COURT. Q. What makes you remember it was the 5th of May? A. They said he had done something, and his brother came and asked if I would go down as a witness—I do sot know how many weeks it was after—I cannot tell that it was not the 14th of May—I do not know that I saw him at home the next week.

BROWN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

WORLEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

WOODERSON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.






Transported for Seven Years.

