



2239. 




SARAH BROOKS
 was indicted

 for stealing 4 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns, the monies of 



Frederick Dadswell, from his person, having been before convicted of felony.






FREDERICK DADSWELL.
 I am shopman to Frederick Price, of Bishopsgate-street. On the 30th of Aug., about twelve o'clock at night, I was in High-street, Borough—the prisoner stopped me, and wished me to go to a house in King-street with her, which I would not do—she would not leave me—after refusing her several times, we went into a public-house, and I gave her a pint of beer, with an understanding that she was to leave me—that was five minutes after I first met her—we came out—I told her to go one way, and I would go the other—she would not, but kept hold of my arm, and followed me—she pulled me into another public-house by force, and called for some gin—I told her she ought not to do it—I paid 5d. for it—we came out—I told her to have me—we stood still together ten minutes, opposite the Town-hall—I

did not see a policeman—I should not have given her in charge if I had—I went towards the Borough-market—she attempted to pull me into another-public-house—she suddenly pulled me into a dark court, and closed the door—I felt my money in my pocket then—she began unbuttoning my trowsers, saying as I had treated her she would treat me—I felt for my money, missed it, seized her hands, and said she had robbed me—she struggled to get away—she said I had dropped something—I dragged her out, met a policeman at the court door, and gave her in charge—she told the parcel—I had four sovereigns and two half-sovereigns in a piece of newspaper in my right hand trowser's pocket a quarter of a minute before I missed them.

Prisoner. Q. Did you say as you had treated me I must treat you? A. No.





CHARLES M'CARTHY
 (policeman, M 252.) On the 30th of Aug. I was on duty in the Borough-market—Dadswell gave the prisoner into my charge—she said she heard something drop in the court—he charged her with stealing few sovereigns and two half-sovereigns—she denied it—I took her to the station.





MARY ANN RANDALL.
 I search females at the Southwark Police-station—the prisoner was brought to the station—she said she had got no money—I searched her, and found four sovereigns and two half-sovereigns, wrapped up in a piece of paper—she took it from me once, and wished me to keep it, and not say anything about it.

Prisoner. I did not wish you to keep it; I wished to know what it contained.





FREDERICK DADSWELL

re-examined. There is no mark on this paper—it was such a piece of newspaper as this—to the best of my belief it is the same.

Prisoner's Defence. If I had known it belonged to the gentleman, I would given it him.





GEORGE WILD
 (policeman, M 94.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Aug., 1845. and confined one year)—I was present at the trial—she is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

