



1036. 




RICHARD RYAN
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 



Samuel Lands, on the 
27th of March, and stealing therein 24 pairs of boots, value 17l.; and 9 pairs of shoes, value 3l.; his goods.






SAMUEL LANDS
. I am a boot-maker, and live in Fore-street. On the night of the 27th of March I came home about a quarter before eleven o'clock and found two men in my shop packing up my goods—the door was locked against me—I had left it locked about half-past nine o'clock—the lock had been picked apparently—I lost a good many boots and shoes—there were four parcels ready packed up in the shop—on, my opening the door one man came out on me, and the other bounced out against my wife and knocked her down—the prisoner is one who came out—I pursued and took him without losing tight of him—the value of the property is 18l. or 20l.—the door was left on the catch lock, and as soon as I put my key in it opened—I am quite certain I left it locked.

Prisoner. He said at the station-house it was so momentary he could not swear to the man who came out. Witness. I am quite certain of him—I never lost sight of him.





SAMUEL MALINGS
 (City policeman, No. 457.) I heard the cry of "Stop thief on the 27th of March, and saw the prisoner running across Fore-street into Milton-street, about ten yards from Mr. Land's shop—I followed him and saw him put his hand in his right hand pocket, about fifty yards up Milton-street, and throw away something which jingled—I afterwards received from a boy, named Fry, in the street, a bunch of picklock keys—I saw the prisoner secured.

Prisoner. At the station-house the Inspector asked what he knew about it, and he said, "Nothing"—afterwards a boy brought in some keys and then he came back with the prosecutor and said he saw me heave something away, and at the office he said he heard something jingle. Witness. I had not been in the station-house until I brought the keys in myself.





GEORGE FRY
. I live in Angel-court, Milton-street—I heard the cry of "Stop thief and saw the prisoner running up the street—directly he was stopped something struck my leg, and on stooping down I found it was a bunch of keys—I was about eight yards from him—I gave them to the policeman—these are them.






THOMAS WHITEHOUSE
. I am assistant to Mr. Potter, of Red Cross-street. I saw the prisoner turning into Milton-street—I crossed over to the right-hand side and endeavoured to stop him—my foot slipped, I fell, and believe he fell on me.





GEORGE CATCHPOOL
 (City policeman, No. 452.) I took charge of the prisoner—as I was scuffling with him I saw him put his hand into his pocket and throw something from him, but I did not see what it was—I was about three doors from the prosecutor's shop when the two men came out—I am sure he is one of the two.

Prisoner. He knows he held my hands, and how could I take any thing from my pocket? Witness. Police-constable Grey, No. 150, told me to hold his hands—at the station-house I found a box of Lucifer's on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I had been in Thames-street, and coming up Little Moorfields I heard a cry of "Stop thief "—somebody said, "That must be him"—the policeman then caught hold of me, and then another caught hold of me, and took me to the station-house; in about five minutes a boy brought in some keys, and a man with him; then the policeman was told by the Inspector to go and see if the lock was picked; be returned and said one of the keys would fit the door, but before that the policeman said he knew nothing about it, afterwards he said he saw me come out of the shop, which is false. I understand there are large locks on the doors, and it is not likely such small keys would open the locks. I was never in prison before in my life.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
