



1176. 




ELIZA DOWNE WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering a bill of exchange for payment of 5l., with intent to defraud 



Edward Majoribanks, and others.


MESSERS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.
JOHN HEATLEY GABB. I am a butcher, and live in Great James-street, Lisson-grove. I first saw the prisoner on 17th April—she lived at Mr. Saunders, Stafford-street, in my neighbourhood—she came to deal with me—at the time this transaction happened she was in my debt 12s. 4d.—she had agreed to pay weekly, but it had got rather over the week—I applied for payment, she said she had not got the money, and asked if I would take a bill at fifteen day's sight, payable at Court's✗—I said yes, if it was all right, I would take it and give her the difference—I did not mind waiting fifteen days if the bill was all right—on Monday evening, the 3rd May, she called and gave me this bill—(produced)—I am very little acquainted with bills—I took it next day to Coutt's bank, showed it to one of the clerks, and found it was on a receipt stamp, instead of a bill stamp—I was told to drop it into the acceptance-box—I called next day for it—I saw the prisoner that

day, and told her the person I had shown the bill to said it was informal, that it ought to have been on a shillting bill stamp, instead of a receipt stamp—(I did not say I had been to the banker's)—she said she did not think it would make any difference, but she could get another, as Mr. Douglas always kept a quantity of bills by her already accepted—I said I should hear more about it to-morrow—she called on me next evening, about eight oclock, and handed me this other bill, on account of the other being on a wrong stamp—I was to get either one or the other cashed, and give her the difference—I promised to do so—I went to Coutts' afterwards, and was detained.





PETER SHEDDEN
. I am clerk to Coutts and Co. Edward Majoribanks is a partner in the house—there are other partners—(looking at the first bill)—I took this out of the acceptance-box and marked it—it is the same bill.





JOHN WILKINSON
. I am a clerk at Coutts'—it is my duty to open letters that come to the firm—on 6th May, I received the letter produced, by the post.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (policeman.) On 5th may I took the prisoner in charge, in Stafford-street, Lisson-grove—I held the two bills produced, in my hand, and asked her where she got them, as I thought they were not all right; she said from Mr. Douglas—I asked her how she got them; she said, she received them by post from Watford—I asked her where Mr. Douglas lived; she said, 34, Charles-street, Berkeley-square; if I looked in the Directory I should find it there—she said Mr. Douglas was her sister, and the wife of Admiral Douglas, who was a very old man, and she always transacted his business for him—I searched her room and found these papers marked E. and F., in a writing case, and also a letter—when I found the paper marked E, I asked her whose writing it was, she said it was hers—I said, it is a bill of acceptance; she said, "Yes, I was merely scribbling at the time I wrote it"—I found this paper at the house written in pencil, and a letter, not opened, directed to Coutts and Co.—I asked her who wrote that; she said she had, and that she was about to send it to Coutts'.





MRS. CATHARINE ANN DOUGLAS
. I am the wife of Admiral J. E. Douglas—he is advanced in life, and in infirm health—I do not live at Watford, but near Bushey—we have a house, 34, Charles-street, Berkeleysquare, but have not occupied it for or five years—the prisoner is my sister—I have an account at Coutts' banking-house in my own name—I am in the habit of drawing on the house myself—neither of the two bills produced are my writing, nor written by my authority or sanction—this note is not my writing—I had rather not say whose it is—I believe it to be the prisoner's

COURT. Q. How long is it since you have had communication with the prisoner? A. I have not seen her since 1830—it was not at marriage that we ceased to have communication—I do not know her husband—he lives in the West Indies—she has children by him, who live with him—I do not know how long she has ceased✗ to live with him—she came home from Jamaica in ill-health—she has applied to me for help—(the bills were here read as follows:—"Watford, 4th May. Fifteen days after date, pay Mr. Williams, or order, 5l. for value received. C. A. DOUGLAS. To Messrs. Coutts and Co.")—("Watford, 2nd may, 1847. Gentlemen, fifteen days after date, pay Mr. Williams, or bearer, 5l. C. A. DOUGLAS. Messrs. Coutts and Co.") (Letter read—"3rd May. Gentlemen, I have drawn a bill on you at fifteen days, payable to Williams, or order; and will thank you to honor the same when applied for. C. A. DOUGLAS."






JOHN HEATLBY GABB

re-examined. This is in the prisoner's writing—(read—"Pay the within to John Gabb. E. WILLIAMS.")




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.

