



941. 




JOHN HEBBURN
 was indicted

for stealing 1 truck, value 3l.; the goods of 



Thomas Dukeson; and that he had been twice before convicted of felony.






PHEBE DUKESON
. I am the wife of Thomas Dukeson, a carman, in Dunning's-alley, Bishopsgate-street. On a Thursday afternoon, about the 5th of March, the prisoner came to our place about one o'clock, to hire a truck to go to the Eastern Counties Railway to fetch two boxes to go to Sun-street—I let him have the truck—he was to bring it back within the hour—he did not bring it back—I saw it at the police-court the following day.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. He gave you some money? A. He left 6d. for a deposit—it is usual to leave 1s.—I told him I should return him 3d. if he did not keep it longer than the hour—the hire is 3d. an hour from the time it goes from my place.





JOSEPH COLES
. I buy and sell trucks and carts—on a Thursday afternoon, about the 5th of March, about two o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop and asked me to go with him to look at a truck in Steward-street—I went and he showed it me—I saw that same truck at the station in the presence of Mrs. Dukeson, and she identified it—I agreed to buy it of the prisoner for 14s—he asked me 18s. for it—I asked him if it was his own—he said yes—he brought it down to my house—it was at my door till the policeman got it—I had not paid for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever been in a witness-box before? A. Not for some years—I was never charged with receiving trucks in my life—I will swear it—I do not deal in stolen goods—there was one I bought of the prisoner about twelve months ago—I am not in the habit of buying trucks and carts in this way—I offered to buy this of the prisoner because he had sold me one before that was stolen—the moment I saw it I knew it was not right, and told the policeman the same evening.





SAMUEL GORE
. I was a policeman—on the 5th of March Mr. Coles

spoke to me—I took the prisoner—I found the truck opposite Mr. Coles' door.





HENRY BEAN
 (police-constable G 16.) I produce two certificates of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted 12th Dec, 1842, and confined three months; and 7th Jan., 1845, and confined six months, six weeks solitary)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 53.—


Transported for Seven Years.

