




431. 



JAMES GLYNN
 and 




GEORGE LEVER



, for a robbery on 



Charles Loxton, and stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, and 1 half-sovereign; his property; Lever having been before convicted.






CHARLES LOXTON
. I am a seaman. On 10th Dec., between two and three in the morning, I was at the Cock public-house in Tothill-street—the prisoners and others were there—I was not perfectly sober—Lever came behind me and threw me down on my back—he then put his hands into my pocket and took my purse—I turned round and grappled with him, and nearly got the purse out of his hand—while doing so, while Lever got away with my purse—out of his hand—while doing so, I was pushed down on my face, I cannot say by whom—they held me down, while Lever got away with my purse—I called out "Police," and the constable came—I desired him to go and search the back premises—I asked the landlord for a candle—he would not give me one, but laughed at me—we get a match, and went into the yard to look for Lever—I did not find him—I afterwards saw him by the bar—I went to call the police, and when I brought the police back Lever was gone—Glynn stood at the bar, and I gave him in charge—I went with him to the station, then returned to the Cock, and found Lever and gave him in charge—I have never found my purse—it contained a sovereign and robbed—when—I had a friend with me—he had gone backwards when I was robbed—when I got up off my face, Glynn was standing over me—I am sure he was there—I cannot say that he was taking any part in my being pushed down.

Lever. Q. When I first met you, what house were you in? A. The

Nag's Head, in Tothill-street—a friend, named Brannan, was drinking with me—there was no female or any one else in my company—I called for a quartern of rum and handed it to you to drink, knowing you—you asked my name, and a young woman said, "It is Charlie Loxton"—I said I had been to sea—I did not ask you to come across the road and have something to drink, Brannan did—I went over and called for sixpenny-worth of rum, and you called for sixpenny-worth—you asked me to go home to your place to sleep with you, as Brannan said I was a long way from home—you called for a pot of stout, and after drinking it, said, "I am going home, Charlie "—we then went over to the Nag's Head again, and had two or three glasses there—we then came out, and I bib Brannan good night—he asked me for a shilling and I gave it him—it was you that asked me to go into the Cock—I called for gin and water and a pot of beer—I did not say "Sit down, and stop a little longer"—I heard something said about a young man having been living with Brannan's wife, but I knew nothing about that—they did not get scuffling, nor did I go to help up my friend who was knocked down—nor did you, being intoxicated, fall on the top of me—I went to the bar to change a half-sovereign, and you followed me—I got my purse partly out of your hand.

COURT. Q. How long had you been drinking with him before this took place at the Cock? A. Two or three hours—I know him eight years ago, but since then I have been to sea—I paid for part of what we had, and he paid for some—I took out my purse before I got to the Cock and paid money out of it.





WILLIAM WARDLOW
 (policeman, B 87.) On the morning of 10th Dec., about half-past two, I heard the cry of "Police" from the Cock public-house—I went there—Loxton opened the door and said he had been robbed—I asked the landlord for some matches, went and searched the yard, but found no one there—there was a place where they could have got away—I then went away—I was called again about a quarter of an hour after, and found Glynn there—Loxton gave him in charge, and said he was a party with the one that had escaped, and held him down while the other robbed him—Glynn denied it—I took him to the station, then went back to the Cock, and found Lever there—he appeared to be drunk and told him what I wanted him for—he said he would not come with me—he resisted, and laid hold of my collar—we struggled together—I got hold of him, got assistance, and took him into custody—he kicked me—I searched for the purse and did not find it—when I first saw the prosecutor I thought he was drunk, but afterwards I believe he was not; it was only excitement—he was sober enough to know what he was saying.

Lever. Q. Where was 1 at the Cock when you saw me? A. In the tap-room—you appeared to have been drinking—you knew me—I did not say when the prosecutor came in, "I do not see him here"—I did not say, "Halloo, Bunce," nor did the prosecutor on that say he knew you—I kicked you on the leg after you kicked me severely.





JAMES SKELTON
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate—(read—George Lever, convicted June, 1841, of larceny, and confined three months)—I was present at the trial—Lever is the person there referred to.

GLYNN—


NOT GUILTY
.

LEVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Maule.

