



2119. 




JOHN HAYES
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Susan Batterson and another, on the 
24th of June, at 
St. James, Westminster, and stealing therein, 5 coats, value, 4l. 10s.; and 1 yard of cotton cloth, 5s.; their goods.






SUSAN BATTERSON
. I am single, and am a hosier and glover living in Regent-street, in the parish of St. James, Westminster. On Saturday night, the 24th of June, I went to bed about a quarter to one, leaving my shop-door and window fastened and bolted—I saw my assistant do it—at five o'clock in the morning I was alarmed by the police, got up, went down into the shop, and found that and the parlour in confusion—my goods were all thrown about the shop, not as they were the night before—two panes in the fan-light, over the door, were broken, so that a person could put their hand in and undo the bolts—both the bolts of the door were undone—I missed two silver table spoons, four dessert spoons, two tea spoons, a mustard-spoon, a pair of sugartongs, and a gold watch, which had been locked up in a closet in the parlour—I missed a variety of small things out of a work-box, fifteen silk handkerchiefs, two scarfs, and six Chesterfield tweed coats from the shop—these coats, now produced, have my assistant's writing on them—I cannot swear to them.





JAMES BRADLEY
. I am shopman to the prosecutrix. I saw the shop safely fastened on Saturday night—the fan-light was secure at twelve o'clock when I left it—next morning I went to the shop about nine o'clock, and found two panes of glass broken in the fan-light, and missed the articles stated—I know these coats to be Miss Batterson's property—they are quite new and were safe in the shop when I left it—this piece of shawl is also hers.





EDWARD SPALL
 (City policeman.) I was on duty on Sunday morning, about three o'clock, in Stoney-lane, and saw a cab coming down Grave-lane—I stepped on one side and saw the prisoner get out of it, with a bundle under his arm—I followed and stopped him, and asked what he had got—he said he did not know—I asked where he was going to take them to—he said to No. 18, Gravel-lane—I said there was no such number in the lane—he said, "If you will go with me I will show you the house"—I went to the further end of the lane and part of the way up another street; finding he could not show me the house, I took him to the station, and found the bundle containing these coats.

Prisoner's Defence. I was passing over London-bridge about one o'clock, when a respectable looking young man came up to me and asked if I wanted a job; I said, "If you please;" he said, "Take this bundle;" I took it, and walked by the side of him over the bridge; he called a cab; I took the bundle to the door and said, "I suppose you have done with me now;" be said, "You can come in, if you like;" I got in, and he drove on; when we stopped I got out; he asked the fare; the cab-man said 2s.; he gave him half-a-crown; the cab-man could not give change; the gentleman said to me, "Take the bundle out of the cab, and go down to No. 18, and stop till I come, and I will give you 1s.;" I passed the policeman; he hallooed after me, and said, "What have you here?" I said, "I do not know;" he said, "Where are you going to take them to?"I said, "That gentleman there told me to take them to No. 18, if you ask him he will tell you;" we went to find No. 18, but could not, and he took me to the station.





EDWARD SPALL

re-examined. There was another party with the cabman,

but I was not near enough to see him—the prisoner made this statement at the time—the cab drove off when I was following the prisoner—I do not know whether the other man got in or not—he was out of the cab when I saw him.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

