




2308. 




JOHN ROOKE
 and 




RICHARD HAWKINS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
10th of September, 1 purse, value 6d.; 8 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the property of 



Manoel Joaquim Carneiro da Cunha, from his pe on.






JAMES CRESWICK
. I am an ornament-manufacturer, and live in New Compton-street. On the 10th of September, between two and three o'clock in the day, I saw the two prisoners and another in Gerrard-street, as I was coming down Macclesfield-street—I have not the least doubt that they are

two of the three—I observed them follow the prosecutor and another gentleman, and when they got close to them, I saw Rooke put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and take out his parse—Hawkins was by his side, quite close to the gentlemen, when Rooke took out the purse—Rooke walked on—the two gentlemen stopped to knock at a door—one of the companions, (the third one,) walked about a dozen yards before the gentleman, then turned, and looked him in the face—he then walked back and escaped—Hawkins crossed the road directly the purse was taken, and went away—I told the prosecutor that he had lost his purse—he went with me to Rooke, who did not attempt to run away—I accused him of having the purse—Rooke said he had not got the purse, and we might search him—the prosecutor asked a person in the crowd to get a police-man—I said I was sure Rooke had the purse; and when he found he could not get away, he pulled it out of his coat-pocket, went down on his knees, and begged for forgiveness—I am quite sure Hawkins was one of the three—he had an opportunity to see Rooke take the purse.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When had you seen Hawkins before? A. I cannot say, but I have seen him passing my door with the other man—he was not apprehended on that day—some lads in my employ pointed him out to me as being a bad character—I did not see him again till the Saturday after—I first saw him on Thursday, in Gerard-street, nearly opposite Macclesfield-street, about twenty yards from where the gentleman lost his money—I saw Hawkins and Rooke, and a third person, for about twenty yards, before this happened—they were together, apparently in conversation—when Rooke took the purse Hawkins and the other were on the curb—Rooke was on the wall side—they were all close together—the prosecutor was outside the pavement, walking arm-in-arm with Captain Paschal—there were very few people passing by—it is a very dull street—I did not notice any one—I did not give any alarm till I told the prosecutor he had lost his purse—my object was to get Rooke with the purse.

Rooke. Q. You did not see me take the purse? A. Yes, I distinctly saw you take it out of the prosecutor's pocket—I saw it in your hand, and saw where you put it.





GEORGE FREDERICK PASCHAL
. I am a captain in the army. I was walking with the prosecutor—I had knocked at the door of a lodging-house which I was taken to, and the prosecutor said to me, in French, "I believe I have been robbed"—I said, "Feel if you have lost any thing"—he said, "Yes, my purse is gone"—at that moment Mr. Creswick cried out, and said, "That boy going on a-head of you has taken the gentleman's purse"—I ran and collared Rooke—I charged him with having it—he denied it—I kept him from the area and from the people about, and just as the policeman was coming up he made an attempt to kneel down, and gave the purse into my hand, and I gave it to the policeman.





JOHN WARREN
 (police-constable C 35.) I took the prisoner and the purse—I gave it to the prosecutor—I did not see Hawkins.





MANOEL JOAQUIM CARNEIRO DA CUNHA
. I am attached to the legation of the Brazils. This purse and its contents are mine, and just before this it was safe in my pocket.

MR. CLARKSON
called






WILLIAM HAWKINS
. I am a boot-maker. I remember the Thursday before the Saturday that my brother was taken up, he was employed by me as a boot-maker—I live at No. 93, Berwick-street—he was with me on

that Thursday between two and three o'clock—I did not send him out, but he went out—I was rather slack of work.

Rooke. A boy came running after me, and gave me the purse, and put it into my hand.
(Jacob Wedderborn, a scale-beam filer, gave Hawkins a good character.)

ROOKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

HAWKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Ten Years.
