




781. 




FREDERICK POWELL
 and 




CHARLOTTE MARSHALL
 were indicted for

 a robbery on 



James Keppey, on the 
2nd March, and taking from his person, I comb, value 6 d.; 1 handkerchief, 6d.; 6 half-crowns, and 5s.; his monies, and beating, and striking, and using other personal violence to him; and that Powell had been before convicted of felony.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES KEPPEY
. I am a type-founder, living at No. 14, Skinner-street, Clerkenwell. On the morning of 2nd March, about one o'clock, I was in Holborn—I had been drinking—I was not sober nor yet tipsy—the female prisoner came up to me, and asked where I was going—I said, "Home," and with that I was put on my back—she was not talking to me two minutes—she was not walking with me during that time—I stopped for a moment to answer her, and I was knocked down by three or four men, as it appeared to me from behind—when down, they robbed me of all I had, and gave me a good hiding as well—I had from a sovereign to 24s. in silver in my pocket—I know it was safe in my pocket when I was knocked down—I felt the male prisoner's hand in my pocket, and I held him—I never let go of him—I was on the ground on my back—I called out for the police, and gave him into custody—I do not know what became of the others—I also missed a pockethandkerchief, and a knife with a comb in it, from my coat-pocket—my coat and trowsers were very much torn—there are marks of violence on my face now—I have a black eye—I could not open it on Saturday—that was from a blow that was given me when I was knocked down.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you ever seen the woman before? A. Never—I was something between drunk and sober—it was about one o'clock or a quarter after—I had been taking a walk from one place to another, and was going home then—I have a wife—the last place I was at was Oxford-street—I had been nowhere there—I had, perhaps, been enjoying a glass—I do not know the sign of the public-house—I was alone—I cannot tell you at what time I went into the last public-house, or when I left it—I do not recollect being in any house for two or three hours previous to the time I was knocked down—I do not know that I had been anywhere particular before I went to Oxford-street—I cannot tell you whether it was ten, eleven, or twelve o'clock when I left the last public-house—I do not know what I was doing from twelve to one.

COURT. Q. Had you been more drunk earlier in the evening, and recovered? A. Perhaps I had recovered a little in the evening.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Where do you recollect yourself sober last? A. In long-lane, Smithfield, opposite to where I work—that was at seven o'clock—I went to different places after that—I did not take any particular notice where I went to—I do not know what public-house I first went into—I cannot tell you where I first got drunk, or how many public-houses I went into that night—I cannot tell how many persons I was in company with that night, nor how many women—I have not seen any of the property since—I spent 2s. or 3s. that night—I do not know where I spent it—I went out at seven, and came back at one, and do not recollect where I spent the money, or who I was in company with, or anything about it—when I left Long-lane I was alone—I was not company anybody all night—I do not say I did not speak to anybody—I am quite positive I had my property about me at a quarter past one—I cannot tell you anything else.





JOHN KNIGHT
 (policeman F 148.) About one or two o'clock in the morning of 2nd March I was on duty in Broad-street, St. Giles—I heard a cry of police, ran to the spot, and saw the prosecutor and the male prisoner struggling on the pavement—I asked what was the matter—the prosecutor answered, "I give that man in charge for assaulting and robbing me"—I took the man into the custody, and took him to the

station-house—he said nothing at all on the prosecutor's making the charge—as I was taking him to the station-house the female prisoner hit me about the head three or four different times, saying, "you b—, you shall not take him"—another constable came up, and took her in charge—the male prisoner was searched, and 6d. and some halfpence were found on him—the prosecutor was a little the worse for liquor—it seemed to me as if the blows he had received had quit stupified him—I saw blood on his nose—the prisoner was present when the prosecuter gave the charge to the inspector—he charged him with assaulting and robbing him—he did not go into any particulars—he did not say how it happened—I know both the prisoners—I have seen them together—I saw them about twelve or half-past the same night together, with several more, in Broad-street, close on the spot—I have seen them together before several times.

Cross-examined. Q. Had a crowd assembled round the prosecutor when you came up? A. Yes—I saw nothing, except that his nose was bleeding, and he was the worse for liquor—no property has been found.





HENRY BINGHAM
 (police-constable E 153.) I recollect hearing a cry of police at this time—I did not see the prisoners taken—I saw them going along in custody—I saw the female prisoner go to my brother officer, when he had got the male prisoner in custody, and say, "You b—, you shall not have him;" and she beat him on the neck and back part of his head, and kicked him likewise—I took her into custody, and took her to the station—the prosecutor had been drinking, but had his senses as much as he has at this present time—he seemed to know what he was about—he walked to the station.





JAMES KEEPKY

re-examined. My money might be in half-crowns, shilling, and sixpence—I am quite positive there were six half-crowns.





STEPHEN THORNTON
 (police-constable A 26.) I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office—I know the prisoner Powell—he is the person mentioned in that certificate—I was present at the trial—(read—convicted 12th June, 1837, by the name of 


Frederick Box, and transported for seven years.)

POWELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MARSHALL—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

