



2136. 




SAUNDERS ROSENBURG



, stealing 1 watch and 1 guard-chain, ralue 10l., the goods of 



James Sutton, in his dwelling-house.


MR. PREXDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






EMILY SHAPJCAND SUTTON
. I am the wife of James Sutton—we live in Richmond-terrace, Dalston in the parish of St. John, Hackney. The prisoner came on 5th May, and took a lodging for eight weeks—I was to board him—he gave the name of Parry, said he was a merchant just come from Bourdeaux, and lad a great many goods at the Custom-house—he showed me several samples—on the next Wednesday he borrowed 3s. 6d. of me, and afterwards got 6l. from me, to make up some money to pay the Custom-house duty—he said he bad 195l. to pay, and would I lend him 6l. to make it up—when he had got the 6l. he left the house—I received a note the same evening, not in his writing, but the signature to it was his—I did not see him again till I saw him at Worship-street—I did not miss anything on the day he left, but the nest day I missed a gold watch and chain, and pocket-book—he had seen me put the watch and chain into my writing-desk on the sideboard, on the Wednesday evening—the watch was out of repair—it wanted something, which the prisoner said he could do—he had done something to a kitchen clock, and put, that to rights—I never saw the watch again till I was at Worship-street—I went with my husband and a gentleman to the Custom-house—we made inquiries, but there were no goods, and no such person known—we gave information to the police.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did he say he would repair the watch? A. No, he said he would look at it—he said he understood watches, and my Geneva watch was out of repair—I did not give it him—he took it in his hand, and placed it in my hand again, and I placed it in my writing-desk—I remember the day he went—I did not say on the day after, "Dear me, how stupid it was of me to give him my watch to repair!"





FREDERICK FOX
. I am a pawnbroker, in Old-street-road. This watch and chain were pawned by Richards, about the 24th May, with a metal watch, for 3l. 10s.—the watch is worth about 3l., and the chain about 30s.





JANE RICHARDS
. I am the wife of John Richards—we live in King-street, Finnsbury. The prisoner came to my house on Thursday, 11th May—he said he was a foreign merchant, and dealt in silks, velvets, champagne, and other rones—he said he had 4000l. worth of goods at the Custom-house, and 300l. was due to him for goods which he had sold on a former occasion—he hired two rooms of me, and was to pay weekly—I asked for a reference—he took out a well-furnished purse, and said his money was his reference, he would pay beforehand, and he said he paid for everything as he had it—on the Monday afterwards he said he had 300l. to pay for goods, and he was 8l. short if I would lend him that he would leave the two watches on my table I lent him the 8l.—he went away, and I never saw him till he was at Wrohisnip-street—he told me he had property in one of my cupboards, which he left locked—we found the key in his bed-room, we opened the cupboard, and there was nothing there—I pawned the watches a few days afterwards—these are them.






HENRY TATE
 (police-sergeant, G 2). I took the prisoner in Featherstone. street.

MRS. SUTTON
re-examined. This is my watch—I have had it four years—it cost fifteen guineas.
(HERMAN GASLING, a tailor, of Leadenhall-street; and Mrs. Cantor, of the Minories; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
of Larceny.
 Aged 60.—


Transported for Seven Years.

