



1863. 




BRIDGET DORAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of June, 1 petticoat, value 6d.; and 1 shift, value 6d. the goods of 



George Hemmings, from the person of 



Mary Ann Hemmings.






MART HEMMINGS
. I am the wife of George Hemmings, and live in King-street, Lower-road, Islington. My daughter, Mary Ann Hemmings, is six years old—she went out to play on the 23rd of June, between five and six o'clock in the evening—she had her petticoat and shift on—I did not see her again till half-past eight in the evening, when I heard she was taken away, and I went in search of her—I was in great anxiety about her—I looked about for her—she was brought home from the watch house—she had been stripped of her shift and petticoat—I never saw the prisoner.





MARY ANN HEMMINGS
. I live with my father. I went out to play in the street after tea-time—the prisoner came and spoke to me—she asked me to go on an errand for her, and said, "Come along with me, and I will give you a new white frock with two flounces"—she said she would give me a new shift and a new pinafore, and a pair of white Adelaide boots—she took me into the fields, and asked me to sit down—she said, "Let me look at the pattern of your frock"—then she took off my shift and petticoat, and put them in her apron, and then got up and walked on, and went away with me, when the gentleman came up and took hold of her.

Prisoner. Q. Did I take off your things? A. Yes, you did—I was not crying against a public-house when you saw me—I did not say a little girl had got me from home—I had not got my little things in my pinafore.





HENRY DENNIS
. I saw the prisoner with this little girl in Rosemary-Branch fields—I saw her take off the child's clothes, and put them in her apron—I watched them—I saw her undo the child's things, and they slipped off her.





JOHN DILLINGTON
. I was in the fields—Dennis told me what he had seen—I saw the prisoner with the things—I asked her if the child belonged to her—she said no—I asked her if the things belonged to her—she said no, but to the child, and she then let them fall on the ground—I would not part with her till I gave her into custody.

Prisoner. The child had the things in her pinafore. Did I have any thing in my possession? Witness. Yes, you had them in your apron.





THOMAS SUNNEX
 (police-constable N 212.) I took the prisoner—she said she met the child crying in Britannia-fields, that she had these things in her pinafore, and she took them from the child to carry them home to her parents—in going along she said she was going to take the child to the station-house, but she was going in a contrary direction.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming home, and saw the child crying

against the Royal Standard; she said a girl had brought her away, and she did not know her way home; I said I would show her, and I was going to the station.




GUILTY
.† Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
