



1772. 




ELLEN PRICE



, stealing 1 purse, value 6d. 6 half-crowns, and 4 shillings; the property of 



William Westcott, from his person.






WILLIAM WESTCOTT. I am an attorney's clerk, at Salisbury. On 13th

Sept. I was passing up Shoe-lane, about nine o'clock in the evening—the prisoner came up to me—she put her right arm round my waist, and her left hand into my pocket—I had been to a public-house, but not with her; I do not know whether she was there or not; I did not notice her till she came up to me—I have never said before that I went into a public-house to drink with her—I believe I treated a girl, but not this girl to my knowledge—I had been with a friend that day, and was a little tipsy, but not so as that I could not know a person again—the prisoner took from my pocket my purse, containing some silver—I struck her hand, and the purse fell—I stooped down, and picked it up—the policeman came up; the prisoner went off directly—I did not see her afterwards.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q.
TO whom are you clerk? A. To two or three persons; Mr. Sutton principally, he is clerk of the peace at Salisbury—I did not go with the prisoner to a public-house, and have some drink—she got me under a lamp, with her arm round my waist, and her left hand in my right-hand trowsers pocket, and she broke a button off in doing it—the policeman did not come up and speak to her just before the purse came out—I picked up the purse, and then I saw the policeman—I was rather cloudy that night—I think I had treated two women that night; they asked me and I treated them—I think it was brandy-and-water that I drank—I was rather the worse for what I had taken—I picked up my purse directly, and put it into my pocket—I had time enough to see the prisoner so as to know her again—she stood facing me when she did this; her back was towards the wall—I was near the wall, under a lamp, but I believe she was nearest the wall; I am certain of it.

Q. Did you not say, "I came out, and she got me against the wall?" A. Yes; we were near a wall—I took the purse to the station; I did not give it to the policeman; I gave it to the inspector—the policeman came up while I was picking the purse up—he said something, but I do not know what, as I was so intent on picking the purse up—I will swear that the policeman did not speak to me before the prisoner put her hand into my pocket, nor did he speak to her that I know of—he did not take the prisoner when he came up—I suppose it was his opinion that he had better take me; he knew her.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (City-policeman, 241). On the evening of 13th Sept., I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor in Shoe-lane, and knowing her to be a noted character I watched her—I saw them under a lamp; she had him against the wall; her right arm was round his breast, and her left hand was in his right-hand trowsers pocket—I stood directly behind them for an instant—I then spoke to her—she drew her hand out; the prosecutor struck her hand, and a red purse fell to the ground—I was going to pick it up, and he prevented me; he took it up himself—I did not take the prisoner—I spoke to the prosecutor, and took him to the station; I was anxious to protect him from being plundered by somebody else.

Cross-examined. Q. Has the prisoner ever been charged with any felony? A. She has been summarily convicted—I do not know that she has been tried by a jury—she has been brought to the station, for taking money from people, and she was summarily convicted, and had a month.




GUILTY
. † Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

