




911. 




MARY DONOVAN
 and 




MATILDA EVERDON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of March, 1 jacket, value 14s.; and 1 crown-piece; the property of 



David May.






DAVID MAY
. I am a sailor, belonging to a collier, which laid at Towertier. I had been three days in town—I went home at one o'clock in the morning, and fell in with Donovan, in the highway—I went home with her, and Everdon was sitting in the room—I had a crown-piece and a few shillings in my jacket pocket—I went to bed with Everdon, and gave her 18d.—I put my jacket on the bed—Donovan was down stairs in the other room—I went to bed at four o'clock—when I awoke, they had absconded, and my money was gone, with my jacket—I went to the station, got an officer, went to different public-houses, and found the prisoners sitting in a public-house in Back, both together—I gave them into custody.





JOHN ASHBY
. I am a pawnbroker. I took this jacket in pawn of Donovan, about eleven o'clock in the morning—Everdon was with her at the time.





FREDERICK PICARD
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner in charge—the duplicate of the jacket was put back into the prosecutor's pocket, and—I received it from him—Donovan said she had pawned the jacket—a waiter gave me 8s., which Everdon gave to him—he is not here.





DAVID MAY

re-examined. When I was looking for the money in my pocket, as I was putting my clothes on, I found the duplicate in the pocket.

Donovan's Defence. I met the prosecutor, and another man, and two young women—he took hold of me, and said, "This is my countrywoman"—he came into my house—Everdon was sitting there—they had some drink, and went up stairs together—Everdon called me up, and said in his presence, "You take this man's jacket down till the morning," and in the morning she asked me to pawn it, which I did, and gave her the ticket.


Everdon's Defence. Donovan fetched the prosecutor in doors—he went up-stairs with me—I called this woman up to leave the jacket till the morning.

DONOVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

EVERDON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

