




301. 



WILLIAM ALLEN
 was indicted

for burglarious breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Hirst, about one in the night of the 
3rd of December, at the 
hamlet of Ratcliff, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 15s.; 1 waistcoat, 5s.; and 1 pair of trowsers 17s.; his property.






ROWLAND HIRST
. I am the son of Richard Hint, who keeps a house, No. 13, in Wharton-street, in the hamlet of Ratcliff. On Saturday, the 3rd of Dec., I went to bed, leaving my clothes on a sideboard in a room on the ground-floor—my mother was the last person in that room—when I was there were window was down, and the shutters, which are outside, fastened for the night—the window was not fastened, but was down—it is a sash window—I went to bed about half-past eleven or a quarter to twelve o'clock, and these were the clothes I took off—I got up next morning about half-past nine or ten—the shutters had been then opened, and I missed a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers.





PHILIP KELLY
. I am fourteen years old, and live in Wharton-place. I have known the prisoner about two years—I saw him on this Saturday night between half-past one and two o'clock—I have a place at a public-house, and when it closes on Saturday night I am obliged to do the tap-room up and other jobs, which keeps me there—I saw the prisoner at the corner of Wharton-place—he said, "Have you seen a man named Jop?"—I said, "No, I have not"—I do not know Jop—he then proceeded across the road to his companions, and said, "It is all right"—I saw three persons with him at the corner of Dunstan-place—I then went towards home, and going by the prosecutor's house I saw a man at the shutters of the front room ground-floor—the shutters were partly open—the man had his hand up to the shutters, and something white across his arm—when I came up he put his hat across his eyes, crossed over, and be and another went up School-house-lane—I cannot say that was the prisoner, it was so foggy—it was about five minutes after I had seen the prisoner—I went home to bed.

Prisoner. He said at the station that I was not the man at the window, nor the one who joined him. Witness. I said I could not say whether it was him or not that went up School-house-lane—this is my deposition—it was read over to me—(the witness's deposition being read, stated, "I did not see the prisoner join the other man—he is not one of the two that went up School-house-lane")—I suppose that is a mistake.

Prisoner. I was standing opposite Wharton-place, not at the corner—I laid to him, "Bis.; is that you?" and he said, "Yes."





JACOB PHILLIPS
. Last Sunday week, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to my shop, and said, "I thought my old woman had been here"—he went out again, came in shortly after with his wife or his woman, with a child in her arm, and a fustian coat on the other arm—the prisoner offered to sell it—I asked 4s. for it, and offered him half-a-crown—he went away, and would not take it—he came back with his wife, and she said, "You shall have it—if I was not distressed I would not tell it"—I gave him half-a-crown for it—the policeman came to my house at nine on Monday morning, and I, delivered the coat to him.





CHARLES POTTER
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on Sunday night—I told him I wanted him for the robbery in Wharton-place—he said he knew nothing of it—I found the coat, on Monday morning, at Phillips's.

R. HIRST
re-examined. This is my coat, which I lost from the table that night—I gave 25s. for it twelve months ago—it is worth more than half-a-crown.

Prisoner's Defence. I found it about three o'clock in the morning, behind a night-cart—I stated this at the office.
(At the prisoner's request, a statement made by himself before the Magistrate was read, which represented that he had found the coat laying behind a cart,



and took it home; that he afterwards went up Ratcliff-highway to inquire for an owner, and saw four policemen.)




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

