



982. 




JOHN HUNTLEY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Stretch, at 

St. Matthew, Bethnalgreen, with intent to steal.






THOMAS STRRTCH.
 I keep a beer-shop in Hope-street, Hackney-road, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. On the 31st of March I and my family went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock—my house was safe then—between five and six o'clock in the morning I was aroused by a noise in the shop—I am able to say it was not quite half-past five o'clock—I got up and found the prisoner behind the street door, within the house—I collared him—he said I had shut him in the tap-room all night—he said, "I have got nothing"—an alarm was given for the police—they came, and I gave the prisoner into custody—I am certain he was not in the tap-room the night before, or in the house, it was fastened up as soon as it was dusk—I noticed my till in the shop—it was drawn about two-thirds out—I had left it closed

over night—somebody must have moved it—I had cleared all the money out of it, except a few farthings—I found the doors and windows, and the street door fastened in the morning—he had got in by wrenching the cellar-flap up—I found it forced open—the bolt was wrenched off, and lying down in the cellar.

Prisoner. The policeman pulled the till out himself in shifting the things about the place. Witness. I was with the policeman in searching the house—he did not pull the till out.

Prisoner. He was up stairs dressing himself at the time.





THOMAS TROTMAN
 (police-constable N 207.) On the morning of the 1st of April I went to the prosecutor's shop—I was let in at the side door—the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner, whom he gave into my custody—I found on him this key and knife now produced—I did not go into the shop where the till was.

Prisoner. The second policeman said I had been in the tap-room all night, and this policeman said I never said so. Witness. I heard him say so, but I was not asked at Worship-street.

Prisoner. He asked whether I said anything. Witness. No, I was not.





WILLIAM JOHN ANDREWS
 (police-constable K 60.) On the 1st of April, at twenty-five minutes to six o'clock, I heard a cry of "Police!"—I am sure it was not six—I went to the prosecutor's house, and found the prisoner there—I asked how he got there—he said he had been locked in the tap-room all night—I went to the tap-room, and found the door fast bolted on the outside, so that it would still confine anybody in it, if they had been there—it had not been entered by anybody—I saw that the cellar-flap had been opened by some means—the bolt had been broken off, so as to admit of the flap being opened—it had been closed when I saw it—I saw the till in the shop moved about two-thirds out of its place—I did not move it—there were a few farthings in it, but no silver.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been in company with some friends till about half-past one o'clock; I went there for the purpose of getting something to drink; I knocked at the door, it was bolted—I found the cellar-flap half way open—I went half down the steps, tried to get up again, and could not—I tried to go the other way—I had got by the street-door, when they came and collared me.




GUILTY.** Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

