





1351. 




WILLIAM WYNNE,



 JOHN SMITH
, and 




THOMAS BAKER
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
16th of June, a printed book, value 3s., the goods of 



Thomas Cahill, from his person; and that Wynne and Smith had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM WEST
 (policeman.) About ten o'clock on the evening of the 16th of June I was on duty, in company with Ashman, in Great Queen-street—a number of persons were assembled in front of Freemasons' Tavern—I saw the three prisoners together, and watched them for about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—I saw them speak to each other—I saw each of them attempt several gentlemen's pockets, but Smith did so more frequently than the others—I saw Smith go close up to the prosecutor—the

other two closed up behind him—I closed up at the back of Baker, looking over his shoulder—I saw Smith take something from the prosecutor's pocket and slide it towards Baker, who put it under his apron—I put my hand under his apron and felt it was a book—Ashman put his hand at the same time and took it away—I spoke to the prosecutor, and we took the prisoners into custody—on Wynne I found six old cotton handkerchiefs, and three on Baker—a lot of Irishmen were assembled there to see the Catholic schools.

Wynne. The handkerchiefs belong to me; no man would be tempted to steal them; they are not worth 2d.; did you see me attempt anybody's pocket? Witness. Yes.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (policeman.) I was on duty, in plain clothes, in company with West, and saw a crowd opposite Freemasons' Tavern—I saw the prisoners feel several pockets, Smith more particularly—he closed behind the prosecutor, and the other two were covering him—I was close behind Smith—I saw him take something from under the prosecutor's coat-tail, and give it to Baker, who put it under his apron—I immediately seized his hand, and took this book from it.





THOMAS CAHILL
. I went with a boy to Freemasons' Tavern on the 16th of June, and was waiting for him to come out—I had this book in my pocket two or three minutes previous to the policeman speaking to me—I then felt, and it was gone—it is mine.

Wynne's Defence. I never saw these men, and know nothing of them; I was standing there, and was taken into custody.

Smith's Defence. Wynne is quite innocent of being in our company; he is a total stranger to me; I am quite innocent of it; I was standing by the railing, and never touched the man's pocket.

Baker's Defence. I found the book on the step of a door, about two minutes before the policeman took hold of me.





JAMES WEBB
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Smith's former conviction from Clerkenwell Sessions-house—(read—Convicted on 3rd Dec. of larceny, and confined three months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.





WILLIAM WESTLAKE
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate from this Court of Wynne's conviction—(read—Convicted, on 19th Aug., 1844, of larceny from the person confined nine months)—I was present at the trial—Wynne is the party then found guilty.

WYNNE—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.





Transported for Ten Years.


BAKER



GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Six Months.

