



448. 




WILLIAM JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering, on the 
19th of December, a certain forged order, with intent to defraud 



George Stone and others.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





EDWARD SEWELL
. I am a hatter, and live in New Bond-street I knew the prisoner, as having been in the service of Captain Charritie of Norton-street. On Friday evening, the 18th of December, the prisoner came to my shop to pay me for a hat he owed me for—he offered me a cheque for ten guineas—it was very similar to the one now produced, but I am not positive of it—I had not sufficient change—he said he would call the following evening, and left—I did not send him to the banker's the next day, nor did I detain any body at my shop from Captain Charritie.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am cashier at Martin, Stone, and Co., bankers, Lombard-street—George Stone and five others constitute the firm. Captain Charritie kept cash at our house. On Saturday morning, the 19th of December, a person brought this cheque for payment—I did not notice him particularly, and cannot swear to him, but he was detained—he put the cheque into my hands—I asked where he got it—he said he came down in a cab from Bond-street to ascertain if it was a good cheque, as a man was in custody at the hatter's, where he wanted to have it changed, and that the

hatter had sent him to our house—I saw the moment I had the cheque it was not genuine—I asked him to go into the private room, where he was detained till Forrester came and took him away in a cab.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I was sent for to Martin, Stone, and Co.'s banking-house, and found the prisoner in the private room—this cheque was before some gentlemen—I asked the prisoner his name—he said, "William Johnson," that he lived with Mr. Sewell, a hatter's, No. 9, New Bond-street; that the servant of Captain Charritie had tendered this cheque to Mr. Sewell in payment for a hat, and Mr. Sewell had detained the servant, and sent him with the cheque—I asked how he knew it was Captain Charritie's servant—he said, "I have been with him," or "to him with a hat," I do not know which—I then took him in a cab to Mr. Sewell's, No. 9, New Bond-street, and ascertained that no person was detained there—I took him into the house, searched him, and took him in the same cab to the Compter—I observed him fumbling in his pocket, which induced me to search the cab, and I found this paper at the bottom of the cab, on the side he bad sat—it is a similar form to the cheque.





JOHN CHARRITIE
. I live in Upper Norton-street, Marylebone, and was formerly a captain in the East India Company's service. I kept an account at Stone and Martin's—this cheque is not written by me, nor by my authority—the prisoner was in my service for about six months, and left about three months ago—I have not seen him later than a month after he left—I may most probably have paid bills through him by a cheque, but am not certain—I deal with Mr. Sewell.

Prisoner. Q. I believe you can speak to my character? A. I received an excellent character with him—I found him honest and well conducted.

Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.
