



2607. 




HENRY GEE, alias
 Gould,

 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit shilling; having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANB
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint—I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Henry Gee, with another at this Court in July 1841—I have examined it with the original record, it is correct—(read.)





LUKE NIXON
 (police-constable B 16.) In July last year I had the prisoner in custody, and was present in this Court at his trial—he is the person who was convicted.





JAMES WELLS
. I am a tin-plate worker, in Curtain-road, Shoreditch. On the 25th of August the prisoner came to my shop, to ask the price of a saucepan I showed him one—he wanted one made with two handles—I agreed to make him one for 16d.—he wished it to be made stronger, and

said he would give 18d.—I asked him to pay a deposit—he said he would pay 18d., and gave me half-a-crown, saying he wished to pay for it—I gave him 1s.—he said he had got something else to get, and I might as well give him the other 6d.—I did so—he was to send a boy the next morning for the saucepan, with the 6d.—I put the half-crown into at pocket—I am quite sure I had no other half-crown there—about half or three-quarters of an hour after, I went to change it, and found it was bad—I kept it apart from all other money, and gave it to Strutt, the constable—I am quite sure I gave him the same half-crown as I received from the prisoner—the boy has never come for the saucepan.





JOHN STRUTT
 (police-constable G 219.) On the 27th of August Mr. Webb showed me a bad half-crown—he gave me a description of the person he had it from—on the 2nd of September I went to him again, and he gave me the half-crown, which I produce.





ELIZA COX
. I am the wife of Samuel Cox, a chemist, of John's-row, St. Luke's. On the 1st of September the prisoner came to the shop, and asked for a pennyworth of Turner's cerate ointment—I served him—he gave me a shilling—I immediately detected its being bad, and sent it up stairs to my husband, by Coppen, the servant, telling her to ask him for two sixpences, but said nothing of my suspicions—she went up, and my husband came down.





MARY COPPEN
. I am servant to Mrs. Cox; she sent me up to master with a shilling—I gave him the same shilling.





SAMUEL Cox
. I received a shilling from Coppen—I came down, and saw the prisoner and my wife in the shop—I asked him if he knew it was a bad shilling—he said he did not know it was, it was given to him by his wife—I asked where he lived—he said in some court in Whitecross-street—I said it was very strange he should come so far on so very wet a day for a pennyworth of ointment—he would have to pass many shops—it was nearly half a mile, and it was raining very hard at the time—he said he had been to Sidney-grove, to deliver some work he had done—I gave him in charge, with the shilling, to Nevill.





JAMES NEVILL
. I am a policeman. I was called in to Cox's shop, I took the prisoner into custody, and received a shilling from Mr. Cox, which I produce—I searched the prisoner, but found nothing on him.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. The half-crown and shilling produced are both counterfeit in all respects.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

