





2401. 




WILLIAM STEVENS,



 JOHN WHITE
, and 




JOHN LONG
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Nicholas Walker, about the hour of three in the night of the 
21st of Oct., at 

St. Clement Danes, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 4 half-crowns, 8 shillings, 4 sixpences, and 100 pence; his property; to which


STEVENS pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


WILLIAM WEST (policeman.) On the 21st of Oct., about three o'clock in the morning, I was in Drury-lane, on duty, and saw the three prisoners standing ing at the corner of Bury-court, in Drury-lane—the prosecutor keeps a public-house at the corner—I asked them what they did there that wet morning—Long said they had been at a raffle, had stopped late, and were locked out—I left them, went round my beat, and in seven or eight minutes, when I returned, I only saw White and Long—I said, "You have dispensed with one of your party"—they said, "Yes, he is gone home; we are going there also"—I went round my beat again, returned, and saw the same two leave the place—I went down the court, listened, and heard something like sliding down something—I went and looked up at the prosecutor's house, and saw Stevens standing on the top of a stone of a watering-place—I took him in charge—the water-spout runs up from the watering-place below—I found 11s. 10d. in copper money in his pocket, four half-crowns in his hat, 10s. in a tobacco-box in his pocket, and a screw-driver without a handle—I went back to the public—house, and met Long at the corner of Russell-street—I gave him in charge, went to the public-house again, and saw White, and took him in charge—I asked what he was waiting for—he said, "Nothing particular"—I then asked him where the other prisoners were—he said they were gone home—I found on him a handle, exactly fitting the part of the screw-driver found on Stevens—I afterwards examined the water-spout, and saw marks on the side of it.





NICHOLAS WALKER
. I keep the Barley Mow, in Drury-lane. Stevens lived in my service about sixteen months ago—I do not know the other prisoners—about four o'clock on this morning I was called up by the police—I let West in—I examined my bar, and missed 1l. in silver, and 11s. 10d. in penny-pieces, four half-crowns, eight shillings, and four sixpences—I examined my premises—they had entered by the scullery window, which was open—it was shut when I went to bed—I saw it myself about one o'clock—it was fastened by a brass spring, and a little brass bolt—the waterspout is about three yards from the scullery window—I had locked all the house before I went to bed—it was all safe and shut up.

White's Defence. About half-past ten o'clock on Monday night, Long and I were going to a raffle, up at the Jolly Butchers, in Newportmarket. Stevens came in, got in conversation with us, and asked us to drink, which we

did. On coming out, he asked us which way we were going home; I said to Seven-dials, as our lodging was closed, as the landlady locks the door at twelve o'clock, and we cannot get in after. He said, "Then you may as well come down to where I live." We went along, and when we came to the corner of this court, he said, "Wait just round the corner, I shan't be long." I said, "Very well;" we waited there, and did not know what he was after till the policeman came and tapped us on the shoulder, and took us to the station; he was a stranger to both of us.

Long's Defence. I have the same to say as White.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

LONG—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Ten Years.

