




2312. 



MARTHA WILLIAMSON
 was again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of June, 5 gowns, value 21s.; 5 printed books, value 3s.; 1 saw, value 1s. 6d.; 2 shoes, value 1s. 6d.; 1 chisel, value 1s. 3d.; and I brush, value 9d.; the goods of 



Henry Morton, and another: and 





WILLIAM JOHNS



, for receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, for receiving of an evil disposed person.






HENRY MORTON
. I am a pawnbroker, in the London-road; I have one partner; I know the prisoners, by seeing them outside the shop; they could have taken my property if they had a mind. On the 3rd of August the officer brought seventy-one duplicates—he asked if they were of property which had been stolen from us—some of them had reference to the articles stated in this indictment—the prisoner Johns had been at my house that morning, and I had engaged him to come the next day to line the shutten and doors with iron, but that afternoon the officer brought him and the duplicates—we then went to different shops, and found this property—afterwards, in company with the officer, searched the house where the prisoners lived, and found a great many articles of mine.

Johns. Q. Did you ever see me at your shop? A. I have seen you repeatedly pass, and I saw you that morning, when you came for the work—I cannot say whether I have seen Williamson in the shop.





CHARLES RUSSELL
. I am in the employ of Mr. Stevens, a pawnbroker, I have a dress which I took in of Williamson—I advanced 2s. on it.





WILLIAM HUMPHREYS
. I asked Johns, at the station, if he had any duplicates—he said he put them into the box—we went back to his lodgings and found them.


Johns. Q. Where did you find them? A. One in the salt-jar and two in the warming-pan—one in a new frying-pan, and the others in a box.

Johns. I know nothing of any thing that was taken, and never did take anything.

WILLIAMSON—


NOT GUILTY
.

JOHNS—


GUILTY
. Aged 42, on the 2nd COUNT.—


Transported for Seven Years.
