



2792. 




ELIZABETH ALLBRIGHT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of September, 1 blanket, value 1s. 6d.; 2 sheets, value 2s.; 2 irons, value 1s. 6d.; 3 plates, value 6d.; 2 tea cups, value 3d.; 2 saucers, value 3d.; 2 knives, value 6d.; 2 forks, value 6d.; 1 gown, value 2s.; 1 hammer, value 6d.; and 12 staircase rails, value 2s.; the goods of 



Sarah Dean: and that she had been before convicted of felony.

MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH DEAN
. I live in Lambeth-walk. The prisoner engaged a furnished room in my house, at 1s. 6d. a week, in the middle of August—on the 29th of September, she had not been home all night, and I missed first two irons, and then the rest of the articles stated in the indictment—some of them had been in her room—and all of them were in my possession when she came to lodge with me.

Prisoner. I had no key to the room—it was open to the street—she gave me warning to leave, but my time was not up till the Tuesday—I left the gown and blanket in the room—another person occupied the room—the stair-rails were under the bed—I never took any thing. Wit-ness. The other person had left the room more than a week—the stairrails were put under the bed to make a little alteration—there were two dozen of them, and when she was gone there was only one dozen left—there was a key to the room door—she could have locked it.





ALFRED ROLFE RANDALL
. I am in the service of Mr. Amor, a pawn-broker. I have two sheets, pawned in the name of Mary Jones, one on the 31st of August, and the other on the 4th of September.





TIMOTHY BROSMAN
 (police-constable L 124.) I received charge of the prisoner from Mrs. Dean—she gave me a duplicate of one sheet pawned at Mr. Faulkner's—she was then searched in my presence, and the duplicates of the two sheets pawned at Mr. Amor's were found on her—Mrs. Dean had followed her to a new lodging which she had taken, but the prisoner had not slept there—I found this flat-iron there, and the prisoner told me it belonged to Mrs. Dean, and that she had taken the two sheets from Mrs. Dean's, and pawned them with an intention of releasing them as soon as she had received some money.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I had nothing to do, and certainly did pledge the sheets to get a bit of food; I have been turned from my home for seven years by my husband, who has married another woman; I have had but 1l. 2s. 6d. from him since.





THOMAS TUNSTALL
 (police-constable B 90.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at the office of the Clerk of the Peace of Westminster—(read)—the prisoner is the woman.




GUILTY
. Aged 53.—


Transported for Seven Years.
