



1886. 




JOHN DOBSON
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Ann M'Kenzie, on the 
2nd of Sept, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, 1 purse, value 6d.; 12 shillings, 5 sixpences, and 4 pence; the property of 



James M'Kenzie; and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to her; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ANN M'KENZIE
. I am the wife of James M'Kenzie, and live at No. 39, Cable-street, St. George's. On the 2nd of Sept I went and staid out with a friend—she wished me to stop all night—I did not wish to do so, and her servant saw me home—I asked if he would take a glass of something, and we went into a public-house in Cable-street, which leads out of Rosemary-lane—there were two or three men there—I took my purse out to pay for what he had—I kept my purse in my hand; and whilst I was wishing the servant good night, the prisoner knocked me down, and got the purse out of my hand—I am quite sure, without looking at him, that he is the person that knocked me down—I am very sorry to see him in such a place—I had never seen him before—he was in the public-house, and saw my money in my purse—I cannot tell to a shilling what was in it—there were several shillings in it—I had just that moment bid the servant good bye, and I said, "Oh, Sam, this person has got my purse;" and he ran after him directly—he hit me in the chest—I do not say that he hurt me—he merely knocked me down—he seized my purse—I got up, and shouted, "Stop thief"—Sam got hold of him—he flung the purse down—I did not see him do so—I know Sam picked it up—it was my purse.


Prisoner. She said at the office she saw me throw the purse out of my hand. Witness, I did not see him fling it down—all I know is that he snatched it out of my hand, and ran, and the servant caught him.

Prisoner. She states she lives at No. 29, Cable-street; my father went to inquire, and it is no such thing; she was lodging there about three months ago, and she rang the bell this night to lodge there. Witness, I was stopping at Mr. M'Carthy's; but since this case, I have been ashamed of myself, and have been away for a fortnight—my husband is a morocco-leather manufacturer—I do not live with him now—he is not in London—he has been away about six months, travelling.

Prisoner. She said her husband kept a coffee-shop; she is not what she states; my father cannot find any husband; I was taken up once about two years ago, and ever since then I have been hard at work. Witness, My husband never kept a coffee-shop.





DANIEL SIMONS
. I am called Sam—I am servant to Mrs. James. I was going home with Mrs. M'Kenzie on the evening in question—she asked me to take a little something to drink, and we went into a public-house—we came out; and as I was wishing her good night, two young men came along, the prisoner is one, and a young woman—I was crossing the way—I turned round, and saw the prisoner put his hand on the prosecu-trix's breast, and push her down, grab the purse out of her hand, and run away—she sung out to me that he had the purse—I ran after him, and ran past him—he dodged me round the posts—he then went right through the posts, and I saw him throw the purse down—I picked it up, and afterwards gave it to the policeman—the prosecutrix said it was hers—I am quite sure the prisoner is the man.

Prisoner. This man did not come after me; he was quarrelling with the prosecutrix; there was a row between them; she had been struck by a coal-heaver, and pushed in the mud, and I brushed the dirt off her black silk gown; this man came out of one of the prostitute's houses in Dock-street. Witness, What he says is not true—I have got my address in my I pocket where I live.





PATRICK MADDEN
 (policeman,) About two o'clock, this morning, I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I hastened towards the cry, and met the prisoner, running—I stopped him—he said there was a black man going to ill-use him—Sam came up shortly afterwards, and said the purse was taken from a good lady—he gave it to me—the prosecutrix said it was hers, and I charged the prisoner with having knocked her down and robbed her—he said he did not.

Prisoner's Defence. The black man struck me, and I ran away from I him; I told the policeman what was the matter, and I immediately stopped with him; when I met with this woman she was along with a tall coal-heaver, who knocked her down; the black man came up as I was wiping the dirt from her silk dress; she said, "Hallo, Sam;" she was I drunk; the policeman sent her away from the corner of Dock-street; she was running along, and she said, "I will run you for 6d.;"she ran on, and he after her, racing; they then had a few words, I went up and interfered, and they hallooed "Stop thief" after me.





ANN M'KENZIE
. re-examined. I was not drunk—I did not drink anything in the public-house.





ROBERT THORP
 (police-constable) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted 8th April, 1844, of larceny, and confined three months)—he is the man who was tried and convicted on that occasion, I am quite sure.





GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

