



2213. 




RICHARD MULLETT
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 mare, price 10l.; 1 chaise, value 10l.; and 1 set of harness, 4l.;: the property of Edward 



Leech Davis.






EDWARD LEECH DAVIS
. I keep a livery-stable in White-street, Wellington-street, Blackfriars-road. On the 7th of Aug. the prisoner came, from five to half-past five o'clock in the afternoon—he asked what I should charge for a horse and chaise to go to Croydon—I said 12s.—he said it was to return

at ten o'clock the same evening—I lent him the horse and chaise—he paid me the 12s., and left his address—"Charles Webb, 18, Nelson-square"—he did not return that evening, and the next morning I went to No. 18, Nelson-square—I found no such person lived there—I heard no more of him for a week afterwards—he was apprehended on the Wednesday afterwards at Woodford, in Essex—I found my mare in the stable of a man named Jordan, at Woodford, and the chaise had been sold to Broad, a coach maker at Woodford—the harness was pawned at Stratford—the chaise was worth 10l.;, and the mare 10l.;

Prisoner. Q. Did that chaise belong to you? A. No—I have a licence to let chaises, and mine being all out, I got it of Epps over the way—it was my own horse and harness.





HENRY JORDAN
. I am a carrier from London to Woodford, and live at Woodford. On the 8th of Aug. I saw the prisoner at the back of the Castle there—I had no conversation with him then, but the next evening, the 9th, he brought the horse and chaise up to my place, to put the horse up for a few days, as he said he was going to stop in the country—the chaise was put into the cart-shed—on Saturday, the 10th, he came again, and had the mare and the chaise out—on the 11th he had them out again, with the harness—on the 12th be came in the morning, and told me he was short of cash, and was going to take the harness to pledge—he went to Stratford in my cart, returned in the evening, and told me he had pledged the harness for 2l.;—next day he took the chaise out with a different horse, stating he was going to Epping, to see the cricket-match—he returned in the evening with the horse without the chaise, and a harness which he had hired—he told me he had sold the chaise for 3l.; to a Mr. Smith, of Chingford—I said I thought that was a very low price—he said he only gave 3l.; 5s. for it, and if I thought proper to buy the horse, I could have it for 4l.;—I thought it very low, and I dispatched a man to find Mr. Davis, to see if he could ascertain whether it was right—the man returned in the evening with Mr. Davis—I did not buy the horse.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not work that horse three or four days? A. I worked it once to Laytonstone, by your permission.





JOHN BROAD
. I am a coach-maker, and live at Woodford. The prisoner came with a horse and chaise, and told me he wanted to sell the chaise—he asked 5l.;—I said I did not want it myself, but I knew a gentleman who wanted an old chaise, which was Mr. Smith, a solicitor—Mr. Smith came the same evening—I called the prisoner—Mr. Smith said to him, "Will you take 3l.;?"—he said he supposed he must, but it was too little—Mr. Smith asked him what he was—he said an auctioneer, and be could get more for it in a sale-room—he sold the chaise to Mr. Smith, who paid him 3l.; for it, in my presence—this was on Monday, the 13th of Aug.





RICHARD TAYLOR
. I am in the service of Mr. Jordan. The prisoner rode in a cart with me to Stratford—there was a set of chaise harness in the cart—I was going into Mr. Press', a pawnbroker, with another article, and the prisoner asked me to pledge the harness for him, which I did—I got 2l.; for it—I gave him the money and duplicate—it was the same harness which he had brought with the horse and chaise to my master's.





WILLIAM JAMES LAWS
. I produce the harness, pawned for 2l.;, by Taylor.





JAMES WHITE
 (police-sergeant K 13.) I took the prisoner at the back of the Castle, at Woodford, at a private house—I told him he was charged with stealing a horse and chaise—he refused to give his name and address—I found the mare at Jordan's stable, at Woodford, and the chaise at Broad's, the coachmaker's—I received the duplicate of the harness from Mr. Smith.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

