



2574. 




LOUISA NORTON
 was indicted

 for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



Thomas Reynolds, on the 
29th September, and stabbing and cutting him on the right cheek and right side of the neck, with intent feloniously, wilfully, and of her malice aforethought, to kill and murder him.—2nd COUNT, stating her intent to be to maim and disable him.—3rd COUNT, to do him some grievous bodily harm.






THOMAS REYNOLDS
. I am a general dealer, and live at No. 8, Great Earl-street, Seven-dials—I have known the prisoner three years, and have been in the habit of going to see her now and then at her lodging. On the night of the 28th of September, I met her in Drury-lane, between ten and eleven o'clock, and went with her to a public-house at the corner of Drury-lane—she appeared to have been drinking—I afterwards went with her to her lodging in Smith's-court, Charles-street, Drury-lane—I fell asleep there—on awaking I missed 3s.—I think it was about half-past two when I awoke—the prisoner was in the room—she awoke me by coming in, and I accused her of taking the 3s. out of my pocket—she denied it at first—I insisted on having it, and she chucked down half-a-crown—I insisted on having my money back—she ran to the door, bolted it, ran to the dresser, got a knife out of the tray, and stabbed me with it once in the cheek, and once underneath the jaw—she struck me four times—I closed on her, shoved her down, and ran out of doors, and she ran all up the court after me, beating me on the head—a policeman came to my assistance—I was bleeding very much, and lost a great deal of blood, and was very weak—I was taken to the hospital—the prisoner bolted the door before she made the attack on me, and I unbolted it when I pushed her down, to get out of the way—my head was affected from the loss of blood, and I was very faint, so that I could not make any very effectual resistance.

Prisoner. He had been drinking with me all the evening, and was very tipsy—I had a young man at home, and left the prosecutor to go home—he followed me home, and broke my door in—I do not recollect stabbing him—I was very tipsy when I did it, and am very sorry for it. Witness. I did not break her door in—I was quite sober.





MATILDA GRIFFITHS
. I am single, and live in Smith's-court, Charles-street, Drury-lane. On the 29th of September, about half-past two o'clock in the morning, I was in the court, and saw the prosecutor rush out of the prisoner's room, saying "You have killed me, you have killed me," and the prisoner after him, beating him as hard as she could with both her hands—I stopped till she returned to her own room—I went to the prosecutor, and found him bleeding, I thought for death—a policeman came, and I left—I saw a piece of skin about two inches, or two-and-a-half inches long, hanging down from his right cheek—he was much exhausted from loss of blood.

Prisoner. She is a common prostitute, come here for 3s. 6d. a day. Witness. I get my living by needle-work.





JOHN LAWRENCE
. I am a police-sergeant. At a little before three o'clock in the morning, on the 29th of September, I was on duty in Charles-street

and heard a cry of "Police"—I ran to the spot, and saw Reynolds leaning against the wall, bleeding profusely from a wound in his face, and the flesh of his face was hanging down—he was nearly fainting—I sent him to the hospital—I afterwards went to the prisoner's room, No. 6, Smith's-court—found a great quantity of blood on the floor, and on the dresser a knife, with wet blood all over the blade—I traced the blood through the passage into the court to where I had found Reynolds—I afterwards saw the prisoner brought from No. 3, in the court, by Russell—I asked how she came to stab the man—she said she knew nothing about it, and if he was stabbed, be had stabbed himself—her face and clothes were completely covered with blood, all through to her white petticoat.





EDWARD RUSSELL
. I am a policeman. I was with Lawrence, and not finding the prisoner in her room, I went to the attic of No. 3, and found her covered with blood, sitting on a bed—she appeared to have been drinking—I told her the charge—she said nothing then, but on the way down stairs she said it was not her, and in Drury-lane, she asked if the man was dead, or if he was likely to come against her—at the station-house she was asked several times to give up a knife which she had, and she said she would keed it to cut her own throat—she afterwards gave it up—it was a penknife.





RICHARD LEWIS BEAN
. I am house-surgeon at King's-college hospital, Lincoln's-inn-fields—Reynolds was brought in on the morning of the 29th of September—he had several wounds—two on the right side of his cheek, which the knife produced would inflict—I sewed up the lower one on the right cheek—the flesh was hanging down, but it was not a very serious wound—he seemed to have lost a good deal of blood—there were three wounds, and one which appeared a scratch—he left the hospital on the 1st of October.




GUILTY on the 3rd COUNT
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
