



2087. 




GEORGE DAY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of June, I ham, value 8s., the goods of 



George Austin; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE AUSTIN
. I am a cheesemonger, in Blackmore-street, Clare-market, On the 20th of June I was called out of my shop—I saw the prisoner on the ground, about ten yards off, struggling with Lewis, and a ham lying by his side—it is mine—it has the hook on it which it hung up by—I had seen it safe a few minutes before—I had not sold it—I helped to take the prisoner to the station—he said he would kick my b----guts out, and used many other expressions.





WILLIAM JAMES LEWIS
. I live opposite Mr. Austin. I was standing at my door—I saw the prisoner, about ten yards from Mr. Austin's, with the ham partly concealed under his coat—I immediately walked over, and said he must go back with me about it—he hesitated, and said he bad paid for it; it was all right—I secured him.

Prisoner. He said, "Where did you get that?" I said, "A gentleman asked me to carry it; it is bought and paid for." Witness. His words were, "I have bought and paid for it"—he did not point to anybody as having given it him to carry—he did not say the man was walking on—there was nobody near.

Prisoner's Defence. A man asked me to carry it as far as Holborn, and said he would give me 6d.





CHARLES PAYNE
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, for stealing a watch, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.


Prisoner. It is false; I was never convicted in my life. Witness. I was at the trial, and swear he is the man; your lordship tried him.

NEWMAN. I am a turnkey of Newgate. I know the prisoner by his being in Newgate—he was tried in the name of Boyle, I do not recollect what for—I knew him directly he came into the gaol, and challenged him with it.





THOMAS DEAN
 (police-constable G 37.) I had the prisoner in custody for robbing a gentleman of a watch—he was tried for it—I swear he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

