





718. 




JOHN WILLIAMS,



 JAMES RYAN
, and 



CATHARINE WOOD
, were indicted for

 stealing 1 watch, value 3l., the goods of 



Philip Griffiths, from his person.






PHILIP GRIFFITHS
. I live in Brunswick-street, Soho, and am a shoemaker. On the 17th of Feb. I spent the afternoon at a public-house—I saw all the three prisoners there—I left the house for a particular purpose, and went to a wart—it was then nearly dark, between half-past five and six o'clock—while there I was struck at the back of my neck, and I fell on my knees—the prisoner Williams had passed me about a second before I received the blow—he was not above a yard from me—he came back when I was down, pushed me on my chest, and pushed me down on my back; and when I was on my back, he took my ribbon and watch out of my waistcoat pocket, snapped it off, and broke it—I did not see either of the other prisoners at that time, but about a second afterwards they were close to my person—Wood seized me round the waist and held me, and the two men ran across through the court together—Wood did not go back with me to the public-house—she went part off the way with me, and came into the public-house afterwards—I have not found my watch—I am quite sure it was in my pocket—I was not quite sober, but I was sober enough to know what took place.

Ryan. Q. Did you not tell me if I could hear anything of if you would give me a sovereign? A. I said if I could get my property back I would give

a sovereign—I did not give you a glass of wine—I thought you was not the man then.

Wood. When I assisted you up we went into Drury-lane; you asked the policeman if he had seen two men running; you did not attempt to give me in charge. Witness. It is very untrue.





THOMAS GURLING
 (police-constable F 68.) I took Williams—I said, "Williams, I want you about a watch"—the prosecutor was standing outside the house, waiting—he saw him, and said, "That is the man who took my watch"—Williams said nothing till he got to the station—he then denied the charge—I took the other prisoners—they denied the charge.

Ryan. You did not tell me what it was for. Witness. I said, "I want you about the watch again."





ROBERT COCKHEAD
. I keep the Red Lion and Still public-house, in Drury-lane. On Tuesday, the 17th of Feb., the prosecutor came to my house about one o'clock—he drank several half-pints of wine—I served him with five and the young man with one—I went away at three o'clock, he was there then—I came back about six o'clock, he was there then—Wood had been drinking with him—she was nearly as tipsy as he was—I saw Williams and Ryan there about six o'clock—Wood and the prosecutor had been away somewhere—they returned, and Wood made an observation that some man with one arm had got the watch—(the prisoner Williams has only one arm)—Wood said it was done in some court in Wild-street—Williams was not there at that time—Wood said if the prosecutor came home with her she had got the ticket of his watch, and he should have it for a sovereign—she exhibited a ticket, and I looked at it—it was the ticket of a whittle, not of a watch.





BENJAMIN FANE
. I was in Mr. Cockhead's service—I saw the prosecutor on the day of the robbery—I served him with half-a-pint of wine at one o'clock—I saw all the three prisoners in the course of the afternoon—they were all three drinking together—I went out about five o'clock to collect my causWood was then inside the house, and Williams and Ryan outside—I heard Williams tell Ryan there was a party standing at the bar, who had got a watch on a tape slang, and it could easily be had, either with scissors or a snatch—Wood followed me out, and she followed the other two prisoner just as I went away—about a quarter of an hour afterwards I came down Brownlow-street, there was a man running along, who asked me if I had seen Williams, as he had got the watch—I saw no more of Ryan and Wood till they came in to my master's house, in the latter part of the evening—the prosecutor was there still, he described the three prisoners to me, and said he had lost his watch—Wood came in in about half an hour—he spoke about the watch in her presence—she said she knew nothing about it, but she offered this ticket about an hour afterwards—it is a ticket for a whittle—she wanted the prosecutor to go home with her, and said if he would give her a sovereign she would give him the ticket of the watch.

Ryan. Q. Did I not come into the house about half-past six? Witness. That might be about the time—I believe you called for a pint of stout—the prosecutor accused you of stealing the watch—I did not say, "I know he has nothing to do with it—he has only just come from his tea"—I never spoke to the prosecutor at all about you—you told me between seven and eight o'clock that you had sold the watch in Petticoat-lane, and it fetched 13s., 6s. 6d. was your share, and that you rode from Petticoat-lane, the distance being so far.

JURY. Q. Did you see Wood with the other prisoners after the watch was stolen? A. Williams did not come to the house again—Wood was with Ryan about half-past six—as soon as he came in she joined him.

William's Defence. I was in Covent-garden all day, at the election; I followed

the mob to Westminster, where I reside; the next morning I saw the prosecutor in Drury-lane; he followed me down to the barber's; I came out and went down to the Coach and Horses; the officer came in and took me; when I got up Charles-street, at the corner of King-street, the prosecutor was there; the policeman said, "Is this the man?" he said, "Yes," and that I had followed him out and robbed him; and after that he was drinking with Wood and kicking up a row with every person in the house, and accusing them of stealing his watch; he and Wood went out, and he kept talking about his watch; he did not say anything about my being the man; he went to the policeman and he was going to lock him up, as he was so intoxicated.

Ryan's Defence. I went for some work, I came back about six o'clock and had my tea; I came out with my brother, and went to this public-house and had a pint of stout; the prosecutor came in and Wood with him; he was saying he had lost a watch, and he would give me 1l. if I knew anything about it; then he accused another man, and he was going to fight him, but was turned out.

Wood's Defence. I have known the prosecutor two years; I saw him about one o'clock that day, and asked him to give me a drop of beer; he gave me three or four quarterns of rum, and he had some wine; about half-past four o'clock I was tipsy, and he leaned over the counter; the publican said, "You have had sufficient, the sooner you leave the better;" he said to me, "Will you come part of the way towards Clare-market;" we were both so tipsy we could not go along without being pointed at; he turned a court and fell; I saw two men run away, but who they were I do not know; I never left him till seven or eight o'clock in the evening; I did not leave Mr. Cockhead's house till twelve o'clock, as I had to call my husband up.

JURY to RICHARD COCKHEAD. Q. Did you see the watch in the prosecutor's possession? A. No, not all the time he was there.





BENJAMIN FANE

re-examined. I saw it in his hand—I saw him take it out of his waistcoat pocket, and place it there again.





PHILIP GRIFFITHS

re-examined. The watch was fastened with a ribbon round my neck—it was snapped off from it—here is the ribbon now.

WILLIAMS†—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

RYAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.





Transport for Ten Years.



WOOD—


NOT GUILTY
.
