



678. 




GEORGE BROWN
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Barnes, on the 
5th of Feb., at 
St. Jame's Clerkenwell, and stealing therein 7 spoons, value 1l. 16s., his goods.






JANE BARNES
. I live with my uncle, John Barnes, of No. 21, Queen's-row, Pentonville—he occupies the house. There is a pantry in the front area—there is no entrance to that except from the front kitchen—there is a window, which can be reached from the street—it is covered with wire—on Wednesday, the 4th of Feb., I was in the pantry, about seven o'clock in the evening—the window was fast at that time—I left seven spoons in the pantry,

and they were in such a position as that a man could put his hand through from the outside and take them out—I saw them last at ten o'clock at night—next morning I got up about seven o'clock—I went into the pantry soon after I got up, and the spoons were gone—a pane of glass had been broken large enough to admit a man's hand.





RICHARD COLEMAN
. I am shopman to Mr. Priest, a pawnbroker, in Long-acre. I produce six spoons, pawned at our shop on Thursday, the 5th of Feb., by the prisoner—I am quite certain of him—it was in the afternoon part, I think about one or two o'clock in the day—I asked if they were his property—he said yes, they were.





RICHARD SAYER
. I live with my brother, a pawnbroker, in Drury-lane. I produce a spoon, pawned at our shop on Thursday, the 5th of Feb., by the prisoner, to the best of my belief—I have no doubt about him—I gave him a duplicate—I cannot call to mind what time in the day it was.





JOHN ARCHER
 (police-constable G 8.) The prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell—I took the prisoner into custody on Saturday, the 7th of Feb., about eight o'clock in the evening—I found on him these two duplicates, one relating to six spoons, and the other to one.





RICHARD COLEMAN

re-examined This is the duplicate I gave.





RICHARD SAYER

re-examined This is the one I gave.





JANE BARNES

re-examined These are my uncle's spoons that were lost—I was in the habit of washing them.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(A note was found on the prisoner, planning the committal of another robbery.)
