



28. 




JOHN LEARY
. was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of November, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



Edward Miles, from his Person.






EDWARD MILES
. I am a cabinet-maker, living in Luke-street, Paul-street, Finsbury. At a quarter-past six o'clock on the evening of the 15th of November, I was walking with my brother-in-law in Barbican—my brother-in-law jogged me—I did not take notice—he jogged me again—I looked round, and saw the prisoner behind roe drawing my handkerchief from my pocket—I asked him what he meant by doing that—he said, "What!" and began to abuse me—he had got my handkerchief in his hand—I told him to go on, or else I would give him in charge of the police—he told me to go on myself.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was it entirely out of your pocket? A. Yes, and in his hand—I work for myself at present—my brother lives with me—he goes with a traveller—it was quite dark—as I talked to him about it the policeman came up, and I gave him into custody—this is my handkerchief—I had a lapel coat on—the handkerchief was in the pocket behind—I am quite certain it was not hanging out—I had just before put it into my pocket—I am certain I had put it to the bottom of my pocket—he said, "D—n your eyes, go on yourself—he did not say the handkerchief was falling out of my pocket.





GEORGE FLOWER
. I was walking with my brother-in-law on the 16th of November—I saw the prisoner follow us from Smithfield to Barbican—I looked over my shoulder, and saw him draw a handkerchief from my brother-in-law's pocket, I seized him by the collar, and kept him till the officer came up, and we gave him in charge.

Cross-examined. Q. How far had you got before the policeman came? A. Not ten yards from the place—he ran away after the policeman took him, not before—my brother took the handkerchief, and told him to go on, but he began abusing us—I was willing that he should go.





THOMAS DUNGLISO
. (City police-constable, No. 125.) I was on duty about six o'clock in Well-street—I heard a cry of "Stop thief—I ran towards the place, and saw the prisoner—he altered his course, and ran up the Crescent—he had been in the hands of another officer—who is ill.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
