





403. 




JOSEPH REDBURN
 and 




PETER PECK
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 gelding, price 8l.; 1 cart, value 16l.; and 1 set of harness, 2l.; the property of 




William Gadbury.






WILLIAM GADBURY
. I am a carman, living at No. 76, London-wall. On Monday, the 14th of Dec., the prisoners came to me about a horse and cart which I had previously advertised—I brought it out—Redburn represented himself as living with his father, at Islington, and to be in the coal and potato line—I accompanied them to Islington with the horse and cart—when we got

into the Lower-road, Peck said to me, turning to our left, there was the shop, in the green-grocery and coal line, where they lived—Redburn said, "The old chap, meaning his father," is not at home, he is at market; we will just go a little higher up, and wait a little time; the horse will be a little cool, and by that time he will be at home"—we waited about half or three-quarters of an hour at the. Thatched House, Lower-road—Redburn then said, "The old chap is at home now, I shall just go and try him; we have got two or three hundreds of coals to take, a hundred here and a hundred there, and the old chap will have an opportunity of seeing the working of the horse; if he don't have him, you will have, at all events, half-a-crown for your time"—Peck said, "I had better accompany him"—I think he said the old chap would think he had got a fault in his fore-feet—I was foolish enough to let them go away with it, and saw no more of them till they were in custody—I have never found the horse or cart.

Redburn. Q. What price did you ask me for the cart? A. Twenty-two guineas; and you offered to give twenty.





CHARLES GILL
 ( police-constable K 59.) I took Peck into custody.

Redburn. I get my living by clipping and trimming horses.

REDBURN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

PECK—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Ten Years.

Peter Peck was also indicted for 

stealing a gelding, price 14l.;, and a halter, value 6d.; the property of 



Thomas Trinder
; to which he pleaded




GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
