



2711. 




MICHAEL DOYLE
 was again indicted

 for feloniously receiving of An evil-disposed person, on the 
15th of September, 1 wrapper, value 1d.; and 10 quires of paper, 4s. 9d.; the goods of 



John Evans, which had lately before been stolen, well knowing the same to have been stolen.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY CHILDS
. I have been in the service of Mr. John Evans for two or three years. I saw the prisoner at my master's on Thursday, the 7th of September—I saw him again on Friday morning, the 15th, at eight o'clock, when I was going to work, and he said, "Can you bring me half a ream of paper a size larger than I had before?"—I said, "I will try what I can do"—he arranged to meet me at the corner of Chequer-yard, which it about three minutes walk from my master's, and not within sight of it—I took him half a ream of paper to Chequer-yard at two o'clock, and gave it to him—it was sealed up in a coloured wrapper—he walked away with it immediately, and I walked to the warehouse—as I was leaving him I saw Mr. Hughes, who is in my master's employ—the wrapper which I gave the prisoner was similar to this one (looking at it)—the prisoner had a bag which he put the paper into.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. This is a very common wrapper? A. No, I have seen more than this one—it was not at two o'clock that the prisoner first spoke to me about the paper—it was at eight in the morning—I had not taken out paper before—he did not give me any money for this—he did not give me the money to go and fetch it—he did not say that he was pressed for time, and ask me to get it for him, and give me the money.





JAMES HUGHES
. I am in the service of Mr. Evans. On Friday, the 15th of September, I saw Childs go out of the warehouse about two o'clock—he had what appeared to be a ream of paper under his apron—he said, "I shall be in in a minute"—I followed him down Dowgate-hill to Chequer-yard—I saw the prisoner standing at the corner of Chequer-yard—Childs went up the yard, and the prisoner followed him—they were out of my sight—in a minute after Childs came back and passed by me—his apron was then quite flat—I communicated this to my employer's brother, and from his direction I said nothing about it that day—this wrapper is similar to what reams of paper in our warehouse are wrapped in—the prisoner had a bag in his hand, and something in it when I first saw him.





JOHN VALE
 (City police-constable, No. 417.) At half-past two o'clock on Saturday afternoon, the 16th of Sept., I was on duty, and saw the prisoner standing on a step with a bag in his hand—I took him, and in the bag I found this wrapper—he gave me an address, which turned out to be wrong.
(Peter Brown, a general dealer, Bedfordbury; Edward Bradshaw, shoe maker, Back-hill; Richard Ryan, shoemaker; and Samuel Nesbit, of Devonshire-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

