



2522. 




MARY ANN EPPS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of September, 31 1/2 yds of ribbon, value 7s. 6d., the goods of 



William Kingston; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES RATH BONE
. I am in the service of Mr. William Kingston, in Westminster bridge-road—between five and six o'clock in the evening of the 10th of September, I was behind the counter serving the prisoner—I saw her take a small piece of green ribbon—she asked for no particular colour—she had bought two yards and a half of white and pink—I saw the green, which she had not bought, under her handkerchief—she put the green back and wanted some more ribbon, and took this other ribbon out, which she let drop on the floor in my presence—she took her purse out of her pocket and let it drop as well—she picked her purse up and wanted to pay for what she had bought—she then took up this ribbon and concealed it about her person—I let her go as far as the door, within a step of being outside, I then turned her back, and she let her purse and this ribbon fall on the floor—I took her to the end of the shop—she asked Mr. Kingston to forgive her—she was examined—there was nothing found on her but some small parcels of ribbon.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Did you see her put the green ribbon back into the drawer? A. No, I saw her take it up and put it in her handkerchief—she did not do so with the otters—she put them into the box again—there were no other young men serving—the handkerchief was lying on the counter before her—there was but a small piece of green ribbon—she pulled this ribbon off the counter with her handkerchief—I did not see her pick it up—I saw she took it with intent to steal it—this was concealed under her shawl or somewhere—I have not the least idea where it was—I charged her with stealing the green ribbon till I saw it in the drawer.

JURY. Q. You sold her ribbon after you thought she took the green ribbon with intent to steal it? A. Yes—this ribbon she let fall from her person, it was found on the floor right under her, ten paces from the place where she had been sitting, and three paces from the door when she was going out—I swear distinctly to her dropping it after I charged her—I was inside of the counter—I was holding her by the shoulders when she dropped it—I am certain it did not fall from the counter after she had gone from the counter—it could not have been entangled in her dress.





JANE TRENCHERD
. I searched the prisoner—she said she had been in the shop two or three times before, and it was the first time she ever took any thing—she had a sovereign and some silver—she said she would pay for it.

Cross-examined. Q. How long is this ago? A. It was on the 10th of this month—I heard her say she was just married and had two children, and for the sake of the poor little children to let her go.





JOHN JONES
 (police-constable L 14.) I took the prisoner—this ribbon was given me by Mr. Kingston, and while he was in the shop the prisoners said, "Pray do intercede with Mr. Kingston to let me go, I will give you this"—holding her purse up to me.





WILLIAM HEMMINGLANE
 (police-constable L 175.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the office of the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
