





1946. 




HENRY BROWN,



 ELIZABETH JONES
, and 




EMMA BROWN
, were indicted for

 feloniously, and without lawful excuse, having in their custody and possession a mould, on which was impressed the obverse side of a sixpence.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the reverse side.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PENNY
. I am a police inspector of the G division. On Sunday morning, the 14th July, I went with some other officers to No. 8, Broad Arrow-court, Milton-street, St. Luke's—the street door of the house was open—I went up to the front room second floor—I found that door fastened—I forced it with the assistance of the other officers—I found Henry Brown sitting on a chair in front of a clear fire—Emma Brown was sitting on his left, quite close to him—Jones was sitting on a flock bed which was on the floor with a child in her arms—Henry had a mould in his left hand which he immediately threw down, and rubbed under his feet—the other part went into the fire—I produce the part I picked up—on a chair on his left, I found a pair of pliers, a pair of scissors, a hammer, a knife, and three gets, one of which was quite hot—he immediately got up, and was seized by Sergeant Brannan—he kicked and made a great resistance—he laid hold of 2s. previous to being seized, put them into his mouth and swallowed them—we could see him do so—Brannan seized him by the throat—the women were pulling and laying hold of him—Emma Brown said, "Don't kill my father?"—she called him father at that time, and afterwards uncle—she called him a great many different names—she laid hold of him by the arm, and pulled at him to get him out of our custody—after he was secured, I commenced searching, and just by his chair I found a complete pair of moulds used for casting counterfeit sixpences, wrapped up in this piece of linen rag—in the cupboard I found a quantity of plaster of Paris which is used for making moulds—he was at that time secured—he began to use violent and shameful language—he said he had been in this country long enough, he did not care a b——how soon he left it, for he had been all over it before—the women were not exactly so bad, but their language was very rough—I knew Jones before.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I went with Penny to this house in Broad Arrow-court—I seized the male prisoner by the neck directly I went in, seeing him pick up some counterfeit coin from the chair on which he had sat—I held him so a considerable time—Jones came with both her hands

before his chin, and said, "Spit them out, my dear; the b----policeman will choke you"—he succeeded in swallowing the counterfeit shillings—the portion of the mould that he threw on the fire upset this spoon, which contained some melted metal, which I afterwards picked up—it fell through the grate—I produce a portion of it, and the spoon, three counterfeit sixpences, a get, and a portion of a mould, with some letters on it—this is the mould which he endeavoured to stamp on while I held him by the throat—it is for casting counterfeit shillings—I produce a pipe which was stuck in the fire at the same time, close by the spoon—it is used for melting, I believe—the women seized me by the arm, and endeavoured to turn me round, and Emma said, "Don't choke my father, Mr. Brannan"—she knew me well by name—I am sure the man is not her father—I know her father.





HENRY REDMAN
 (police-constable G 224.) I went with the other officers—I produce a file, one counterfeit shilling, four counterfeit sixpences, and part of a mould, which I took off the fire—the heat of the fire caused it to crumble—it is in pieces—there is only an impression on one piece—the women assisted in trying to get the male prisoner away from us—at the time he put the shillings into his mouth they lodged in his throat—I saw the lump—I saw he had something in his hand, and, in trying to get it, one of his teeth caught my hand, which caused me a bad hand for a week or so, and from that hand this shilling dropped, with a little piece of the mould—the women's language and conduct were very violent—Jones got up from a bed, where she was sitting, went to the mantelpiece, and laid hold of something, I could not see what—as soon as I succeeded in getting the hot shilling that dropped on the boards, and put the male prisoner in the corner, I went to the mantelpiece, and from a shell there I picked out four counterfeit sixpences—that was the very corner to which Jones had gone.





MARY MULLINS
. I keep this house, No. 8, Broad Arrow-court, Milton-street, which the officers came to—I let the room to Jones, who passed as Mrs. Brown—they all three lived there, and had been living there nine months.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. This is a plaster of Paris mould for casting sixpences—it has the impression of both sides of a sixpence on it—it is a perfect mould in all respects, and appears to have been used for that purpose—these are four counterfeit sixpences—all of them appear to have been cast in this mould—here are also two others which have been cast in this mould, and one that has not—here is a small portion of a plaster of Paris mould which appears to have been broken—it has a small part of the impression of the obverse side of a shilling on it—the three letters "VIC" in the word "Victoria" appear clearly on it—here is a counterfeit shilling of the present reign, just as it comes from the mould, with all the surplus metal on the edge, just as it is cast—it has similar letters to those on the mould—here is a get, which appears to have been produced by a mould, and which fills up the channel when the metal is poured in hot—here is a small file, with white metal in the teeth of it—it would be used to remove the surplus metal off the edge of the coin when cast—here is an iron spoon, which might be used to melt the metal in, and appears to have been so used—here is some metal which appears to have been in a state of fusion—it is white metal, similar to that of which the counterfeit coin is composed—here are other tools, a pair of scissors, a pair of pliers, and a knife, which are all articles used in coining—the plaster of Paris is similar to that of which the moulds are made.

Henry Brown. Q. Do not you know a girl called Mary Allen? A. No, I do not know such a person at all.

Henry Brown's Defence. I do not know much of the woman myself; she came to my place on Saturday night, and asked if I could give her a night's

lodging; I said I could not, unless my wife consented to it; she said she had nowhere to go to; she was wringing wet; Jones came in afterwards, and looked very black at me, seeing the woman there; however, we got friends after a bit, and the woman continued there; she said she had been out trying some of these sixpences; she said she was in date over the water and in Middlesex; she remained there that night, and next morning Jones got up soon, and went after some money which we have for a nurse-child, 3s. a week; during that time the woman commenced making these things; I had not been out of bed for seven weeks with rheumatics; when Jones came back this woman was making these; she said she had done what she wanted; I said I would have nothing to do with it, or have them in my place; she said, "I will take them away, let the mould be where it is;" we gave her her supper that night, and her breakfast next morning; she wanted the key of the closet; she went, under the pretence of going into the next room for it, and during that time Jones said, "For God's sake, get up, Henry, I don't like these things in the place;" I got up, and had the mould in my hand to break it, when up came the three officers; the door had neither bolt nor lock, nothing but a wooden button; it is a complete plot, and I am as innocent of it as a child; I never issued a bad shilling; I always got my living in the Docks; Penny was talking with this woman all the morning; she has had eighteen months one time, and two years another, and very lately she has been turned up from the offices.
(Jones put in a written defence to the same effect.)

Emma Brown's Defence. I am merely at home on the Sunday; I work at the boot-closing.

HENRY BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.





Transported for Twelve Years



EMMA BROWN—



GUILTY. Aged 16.—Recommended to mercy.—





Confined Six Months.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

