




1456. 




JOSEPH WASSERMAN
 and 




LEWIS LAWRENCE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of April, at 
St. Andrew Undershaft, 4 watches, value 30l., and four watch-guards, value 20l.; the goods of 



William Thomas Middleton, in his dwelling-house; to which LAWRENCE pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Ten Years.





LUKE HANCOCK
. I am shopman to William Thomas Middleton, of Leadenhall-street—it is his house—I sleep there—it is in the parish of. Andrew Undershaft. About four o'clock on Friday, the 15th of April, I was in the shop—Lawrence came in, and requested to look at some watches, I showed him some—he selected four—I showed him some chains also—he selected four chains also—I put the watches in a small bag, and tied the chains up in paper—I was about to pack them altogether in brown paper, when he produced a box, and wished to have them put into it—after they were packed up, Lawrence went out of the shop—he returned, and two or three minutes afterwards Wasserman came in—he asked for a 1. brooch, which was marked in the window—I turned to get the brooch down, and while Wasserman was paying for the brooch, Lawrence got up, and went out—immediately Wasserman had paid for the brooch, be got up, and went out also—I opened the box, and found the box produced had been substituted for the one the watches had been put into—I ran out immediately, and secured Wasserman, brought him back to the shop, and gave him into the custody of an officer—on the Monday following Lawrence was brought to our shop—some copper coins were substituted in the other box, in place of the four watches and chains—the value of the watches is about 30l. and the guards 20l.—I saw them safe just before Wasserman came in—the boxes must have been changed while I was taking the brooch down—I did not see them changed—the prisoners did not appear to know each other—about two minutes after Wasserman had gone, I saw that something was wrong—no one had been in but the prisoners—when I took Wasserman I told him I wanted him—he asked what for—I said he must inquire of some one else—I called for an officer, and gave him into custody—I am sure the prisoners are the two men that came in on that occasion.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time was it that Lawrence came in? A. About four o'clock in the afternoon—he went out once, and it was about two minutes after he went out that Wasserman came in—Lawrence had been in about twenty minutes before he went out—he was selecting the watches during that time—he went out before Wasserman came in—at the time he went out the box had been produced, and the watches were done up in it—I am quite sure of that—I put them in myself, and left the box on the counter—Lawrence left the shop four or five minutes after that—I was talking to him all the time, standing with my back to the window, and looking at Lawrence and the goods, not more than two yards from where Lawrence was—I was standing with my back to the window the whole time, till Wasserman came in—I was obliged to turn round to get the brooch, to serve him with—I did not turn away to lose sight of the box during the time Lawrence was out—I stood

in the shop till he came back—I was not putting the window to rights, of any thing of that sort—I was standing waiting for Lawrence to come back again—I stood in the same place as I was before, with my back towards the window—the window is about three feet from the counter where the box was.

COURT. Q. How did Lawrence leave you; had he finished his business, or did he leave you abruptly? A. He said he would come back again—he was absent two or three minutes, and two minutes after he returned Wasserman came in.





WILLIAM THOMAS MIDDLETON
. I am a silversmith, in Leadenhall-street. These watches are mine—in consequence of information I went to the police-station in Bishopsgate-street—I there found Wasserman in custody—I told him I strongly suspected him of being a party concerned in taking my property, but if he could show me who he was, and could send to any respectable person to give him a character, I should not press the charge against him—he immediately said he could, and threatened me in a manner I did not approve of, about his solicitor bringing an action against me if I did keep him in charge—he sent for Mr. Pringle, a grocer, in Bishopsgate-street, a respectable man—Mr. Pringle came, and said he knew nothing more than that he was an accidental customer, and he could not say any thing to him—I then gave him into custody—he was immediately searched, and on him was found some foreign coins, some sixpences, and 4d. in coppers—I compared the coins found on him with the coins found in the box, and one of them corresponded with some of the coins found in the box—I then asked. him if he knew of any other individual, and asked his address—he said he did, a very respectable wine-merchant, Mr. Squeerbanks, 84, Old Compton-street—he said he lodged at No. 32; Old Compton-street, at Mr; Lyas's—we proceeded to his lodging, and we found that he did lodge there—it is a coffee-shop—I made inquiries of the coffee-shop keeper—I then went to Mr. Squeerbank's, and could learn nothing satisfactory respecting him—the next morning he was brought to the Mansion-house—he was examined there, and a memorandum was found in his pocket-book—in consequence of that I went to Messrs. Caldecot and Company, and found Wasserman had been there—it was addressed to Mr. Lawrence, No. 1, Curzon-street, May-fair—the property has never been found.





SUSANNAH MILLS
. I am servant to Mrs. Isaacs, No. 1, Curzon-street.
Lawrence lodged there about eight months, and Wasserman called several times to see him—Lawrence has been in great distress, and has been supported entirely by the kindness of Mrs. Isaacs.





WILLIAM JACKSON
 (City police-constable, No. 636.) I was sent for to take Wasserman into custody—I asked him if he knew a man named Lawrence, if he knew the party who had been in the shop before—he said, no he did not, he came in to buy a 1s. brooch, and he bad paid for it—I then proceeded with him to the station, and left him there—I afterwards went to No. 32, Old Compton-street, Soho, to ascertain whether he lived there—he said he lived there—he did live there—while watching there I saw Lawrence come to that coffee-house and go in.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you told us the whole circumstances as they occurred? A. Exactly, as near as I can recollect—it was while he was in the shop with Mr. Middleton that he said he did not know the person who was in the shop—I went to him at the station-house—I was in my uniform—I was not in plain clothes—I did not go to see him at the station—I saw

him at the station when I took him there, not afterwards—I had no conversation with him in the station at all—he was taken into custody on Friday, the 15th of April—he was not at the station on Sunday, the 17th—he was committed on the Monday—he was first examined on the Saturday—between Saturday and Monday he was kept in the Compter—I went to see him in the Compter—when you asked me if I did not go to see him on the Sunday at the station, I thought you meant at Bishopsgate-street station—I did not imagine you meant the Compter—I did go to see him at the Compter, in plain clothes—I was on duty—I was ordered by the inspector to go in plain clothes, to try if I could gain any information concerning Lawrence—I merely asked him if he knew Lawrence—I was sent there to ask Wasserman if he knew the party—it was for the purpose of convicting both prisoners if I could—Darby is the name of the inspector that sent me—I expected Wasserman was a foreigner—I considered so by his conversation—I have no doubt of it—I do not recollect the exact time of day that I went—I forget—I do not know whether it was in the morning, afternoon, evening, or night—it was not so late as twelve o'clock at night—I was not out so late as that—I do not know whether it was at nine o'clock in the morning or nine at night—it was between those times—I was out all day, and I do not know what time I called at the Compter—I remember what I said to him—one of the turnkeys was present—he had no pen and paper that I noticed—I had not asked the turnkey to come—I do not know whether he was there to listen—perhaps he would not trust me with the prisoner alone—Wasserman knew I was a policeman—I did not tell him so—he did not tell me he knew a person named Lawrence—he did not tell me a person named Lawrence owed him 3l.—he did not tell me any body owed him 3l.—I saw him a second time, I believe on the Monday, I was in plain clothes then—that was not by the inspector's order, but of my own free will—I was satisfied with what I got out of him on the first occasion.

Q. Then what did you go to him on the second occasion for? A. To ask him if he knew a party named Lawrence—that was what I went to him for at first—I was not satisfied with the information I got the first time—I found the name of Lawrence in his book—he did not tell me that a person named Lawrence owed him 3l.—he said he did not know the name of Lawrence—he said he forgot his name—Mr. Middleton was present on the second occasion—he went with me.

Q. I ask you before Mr. Middleton, how much were you to get from him if you succeeded in getting his property back? A. Nothing at all—he made me no promise—I did not expect any thing—nothing was said about any little consideration.

Q. Then you went to this place twice without the expectation of any thing more than your costs here? A. I left that to the generosity of the prosecutor—I did not know whether I might get any thing or no.

COURT. Q. Then you are allowed to take things from prosecutors in this way, and you would have been allowed to remain in the force after that for an hour, should you? A. Yes, after making a report of it.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did he say anything about 3l. before Mr. Middleton? A. I do not recollect that he did—I went for the purpose of ascertaining what he would say, and remembering it—I do not remember his saying that he was owed 3l. by a person named Lawrence—I will not swear he did not say so—I have been in the force about three years and a

half—I cannot say how many presents I have received from prosecutors at different times.

Q. Will you swear you have not, in the course of your duty, received on twenty different occasions presents from prosecutors? A. I cannot swear it at all, I do not know—the Commissioner knows all the presents I have received, he does I assure you.





FREDERICK LYAS
. I keep a coffee-shop in Old Compton-street. Wasserman lodged with me about three weeks—during that time Lawrence called, and dined with him at Wasserman's expense—on the morning of the robbery, the 15th, Lawrence called and inquired for Mr. Wasserman, about eleven o'clock—in the evening he called again about half-past six—he called again about half-past ten the same night—Wasserman was not at home then.

Cross-examined. Q. You knew Lawrence was in the habit of coming to see Wasserman? A. Yes—Wasserman provided whatever there was to eat and drink—after Lawrence bad been, and before the day the robbery was committed, Wasserman told me not to tell Lawrence where he could be found, for he did not wish to see him—he did not say he was not to be admitted.





JOHN GRAT
 (City police-sergeant, No. 14.) I took Lawrence into custody on the 18th of April—he told me he had parted with the whole of the property himself, he had sold it to a man, in Storr and Debenham's auction-rooms, for 20l.—he gave me a full description of the man—I have got 12l. 11s. 6d. which I found on Lawrence.





GEORGE KEENE
. On the 4th of April the two prisoners came together to our warehouse, and bought a lot of goods to the amount of 51l.—they did not pay me—they were ordered to be sent to their agent, Lawrence, No. 1, Curzon-street, May-fair, to Wasserman's order—Wasserman said that—they were so sent—the money was to come back—the goods were returned to us—we sent again, and they were sent back four different times by Mrs. Isaacs.





CHARLOTTE ISAACS
. I am a widow. I never saw Wasserman—Lawrence lodged with me—he was in a state of destitution—he owes me a great deal of money—I was induced to let his account run on account of his distress—the parcel of goods came to my house—Lawrence was not within, and I sent them back.

WASSERMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
