




745. 




HARRY NEWTON



, stealing 44lbs. weight of fat, value 14s.; the goods of 




John Beale Pashler, his master; and 





GEORGE MATTHAMS



 feloniously receiving the same: Newton having been before convicted.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN BEALE PASHLER
. I am a butcher, at Camberwell. Newton was in my service about eleven months—on the evening of 5th Jan., I was induced to watch him closely—I saw him go towards the slaughter-house between seven and eight o'clock, and heard him say to my brother, "I have just met Mr. Gillespie's cook, and she told me to bring a paunch down"—I knew he had taken one there the night previous—I thought it was false, and followed him down the yard, and when he had got into the slaughter-house I was just at the bottom of the garden, ten or twelve yards from the slaughter-house—I listened and heard him unbolt the back door of the slaughter-house, which opens to a passage leading to my slaughter-house, and to my neighbour's next door—it is opened occasionally—shortly after, he came out, and came past me—I said, "What have you got there?"—he said, "A paunch," and he told me the same story he had told my brother—I went into the slaughter-house—the back door was then fastened—I unfastened it, and went out—the passage was dark—I could not see anything—I felt about, and found a sack

of fat a yard and a half, or two yards from the door, further up towards the end of the passage—I shut the door, and held it in my hand—I stopped a minute, or a minute and a half—I heard some one walk past the door up to the corner—I waited a minute or two till I thought he was ready to start, and then opened the door—it was so dark I could not see anything—I said, "Halloo! you are just the man I am waiting for"—I immediately felt Matthams—he had moved the sack from where it had been before—it was not a foot from him, close to his feet, and close to the door—it had been moved a yard and a half, or two yards from where it had first been—I am positive no one else had passed up the passage—I took him by the collar, and led him into my kitchen—I wanted him to bring the sack of fat—he said, "I don't know what you mean"—I said, "I know, and I will let you know shortly"—he said he had come up the passage for a necessary purpose—his clothes were not undone—I gave him and Newton into custody—a sovereign, and 9s. were found on Newton, and four sovereigns in his box.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was the money greasy? A. Not that I am aware of—the fat was kept on the other side of the slaughter-house, close to the door that I heard open—there was a large trough with a great deal of fat in it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Is the passage narrow? A. Yes—it is not a regular thorough fate—I had not a light—not more than a minute and a half elapsed from the time I found that fat till I found Matthams—he said he hoped I would make no harm of it—the passage is a considerable distance off my shop—it comes to my slaughter-house, and at the other end is a lane.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Do you know this sack? A. Yes—it is one I had—I compared the fat in it with that on my premises—they corresponded.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you know whose it is? A. Mr. Earldon's, the corn-dealer—he sent it to our place with corn in it—Luscomb is in my employ—I charged him with robbing me twelve months back, but not recently—he received a bill of mine, and kept the money—I gave him a good talking to, and kept him till a few days after this robbery, when I discharged him, because I fancied he knew something about it—I do not know that he did.





STEPHEN HARRIS
 (policeman, P 49.) About eight o'clock, on the evening of 5th Jan., Newton was given into my custody—as we went to the station he looked round, and said, "Who are they coming behind?"—I said, "My brother officer is one; I suppose you know who the other is"—he said, "No I never saw him before in my life."





JAMES BAILEY
 (policeman, P 48.) On the evening of 5th Jan., Mathams was given into my custody—as we went to the station, he said he thought it was a very improper charge, as he only went there for a necessary purpose—he said he had been with a friend to buy a pig in East-lane, and was going back that way—he said, "I know nothing of that man that is before me, I never saw him before in my life."





JOHN SMITH
. I am barman at the Duke of Clarence, about fifty yards from Mr. Pashler's. I know the prisoners—I have seen them drinking together at the Duke of Clarence—I cannot say whether they were acquainted, but I have seen them pay for each other's drink—I may have seen them together two or three times a week.





CAROLINE SEYMOUR
. I am cook to Mr. Gillespie. I know Newton by his coming for orders—on 4th Jan. he brought a paunch—I said, "You have forgotten the lights"—he said, "I will bring some to-morrow evening"—next

evening he brought the paunch, and said, "Cook, I have brought you a paunch, and if you see my master, or Tom, say you met me, and asked for this paunch, as I wanted to go out to-night"—I had not met him that evening.





CHARLES BEALE
. I am journeyman to Mr. Pashler. This sack was in his possession some time—it is Mr. Earldon's.
(Newton was charged with having been before convicted, to which he pleased quilty.)

NEWTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MATHAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—



Confined Twelve Months.

