




2124. 




ISAAC NORCOTT
 and 




CHARLES GIBSON NORCOTT



, stealing, in the dwelling-house of 



Joshua Frederick Denham, clerk, 1 watch, 1 bill-case, and 1 cash-box, value 3l. 2s.; and 3 sovereigns, 20 shillings, and 16 sixpences, his property; and burglariously breaking out of the said house.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






REV. JOSHUA FREDERICK DENHAM
. I am the rector of St. Mary-le-Strand, and reside in chambers, at 1, New Inn, St. Clement Danes. On Tuesday evening, 5th Sept., before going to bed, I placed my gold watch on a watch-stand, on a little bracket, in my study—I had in a cupboard a deed-box, containing a cash-box, and an empty bill-case—I must have left my keys on my table, for I found them there next morning—in a money-box, on the cheffoneer I left three sovereigns, 20s., about sixteen sixpences, and about 9d. in copper—the box was locked—I came down next morning, between five and six o'clock, and my watch was gone, and the gold and silver from the box; nothing but the pence remained—the box was locked, apparently as it had been the previous evening—the cash-box was gone—I found the outer-door unbolted inside—the prisoners were in the habit of coming to my chambers to see my housekeeper, who is their aunt, and has been with me twelve years—they have had an opportunity of seeing where I kept my money; they have seen me take money out to give to one of them.

Isaac Notcott. Q. Can you swear the bill-case was in the box? A. Yes—I believe I have not given you any money for the last three years.





JANE BLAKE NORCOTT
. I have had charge of the prosecutor's chambers for twelve years—there was no other servant—the prisoners are my nephews, and have been in the habit of visiting me at Mr. Denham's—they have seen Mr. Denham take money out in my presence—on the 5th, Charles came to see me, about eight or half-past eight, and remained till ten o'clock—after he had been there a short time he asked me for the key of the water-closet—I heard a noise, as he was going out—it was dark, and I thought he could not

find the door—he returned in five or six minutes—he and I went out together at ten—he wished me good night, in Wych-street, and I came back directs and went to bed about half-past eleven, about the same time as my master—I believe I bolted the out and inside doors of the chambers, as usual; I will not be positive—there is only one outside-door—next morning I saw a good many brown lucifer-matches on the mat, by the door of a little room, next to the parlour; not like those used in the chambers—they were not there the night before—when I came back from Bow-street I missed the keys of the outer and inner-doors, they were safe the day before.





WILLIAM JAMES THOROGATE
. I am one of the gate-porters of New-inn, I went on duty, at the gate, on Tuesday evening, 5th Sept., at ten o'clock, and remained there till seven next morning—the gates are closed during that time—I saw the prisoner Isaac come out of the gate about a quarter-past five—I said nothing to him, knowing he was Mr. Denham's housekeeper's nephew—he came in a direction from Mr. Denham's chambers.





THOMAS HENRY PROSSER
. I am chief constable at Coventry. From information, on 16th Sept., I took the prisoners into custody in Wells-street, Coventry—I took from Isaac's pocket this gold watch (produced)—I told them I apprehended them both, on suspicion of Mr. Denbam's robbery in the Strand—I opened the watch, and told them it was Mr. Denham's—they said nothing—I found a carpet bag in the room, which they said was then—I found in it a quantity of wearing-apparel, and this bill-case (produced)I found 10s. 6d. on Isaac, and an old silver watch on Charles.

Isaac Norcott. Q. Who pointed out the carpet bag? A. Your uncle—you said it was yours, and put the key in yourself.





REV. JOSHUA FREDERICK DENHAM

re-examined. This watch is mine, but not the chain—this is the bill-case that was in the box.

Isaac Norcott's Defence. On the night of 5th Sept. I came, with my brother, from Horsleydown, and left him by St. Clement's Church; he said is was going to his aunt's; I went to the theatre; I picked up a few acquittances, and going home, about six o'clock in the morning, met my brother in Tooley-street; I asked him if he had told his aunt he was going to Covenkey—he said, "No"—I said, then we would return, and go to Coventry that morning; we returned; I left him in the churchyard, while I passed up towards the Angel; I passed in at the gate, and saw the porter, and as I went round the staircase of the inn 1 met another porter; I said, "Good morning," and he said the same to me; I passed up-stairs, and hearing the chimes go a quarter to six, I altered my mind, and returned to my brother, who was out-side; we then proceeded over Waterloo-bridge, and I picked up the gold watch; it is not the first time I have done so, for I picked one up a few years ago, and advertised it, as I did this, to see if I could obtain a reward for it; the bill-case had been in my brother's possession a month, and there is sewing about it which I did myself.

Charles Gibson Norcott's Defence. On the night of the 5th I went to see my aunt, and was there two hours and a half; I went out with her for her beer, and bid her good night in Wych-street.





REV. JOSHUA FREDERICK DENHAM

re-examined. I am quite sure the bill-case was in my possession within two or three days of the robbery, and I believe, the day before.

ISAAC NORCOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven, years
,.

CHARLES GIBSON NORCOTT—



GUILTY. Aged 20.—Recommends to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury
,—



Confined Tweleve Months.

