




1510. 




MARY ANN JOBLYNS
 was indicted for

 that she unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously did set fire to the dwelling-house of 



Mary Pettigrew, one 



Charles Eyre then being therein.-2nd COUNT, stating that she did set fire to a certain house of 



John Holborrow, and others, being in the possession of 



Mary Pettigrew, with intent to injure and defraud the said 



John Holborrow and others. 3rd COUNT, stating it to be with the intent to defraud 



Edward Harman and others. 4th COUNT, stating it to be a certain house in the possession of 



Mary Pettigrew, and with intent to defraud Edward Harman and others: and 




MARY PETTIGREW



 for inciting the said Mary Ann Joblins to do and commit the said felony.






GEORGE HOLBORROW
. The house No. 21, old Street-road, belongs to my brother's children, and I receive the rent for the three trustees, who are John

Holborrow, and his two brothers—I caused a distress to be put into that house for rent—it was in the possession of the prisoner Pettigrew—there was 42l. rent due for two years, at Lady Day last—Eyre was the broker's man who was put in possession.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Mrs. Pettigrew had the lease of the house. A. Yes—her husband had it—he died sometime ago, and then she took possession, and carried on the business.

Cross-examined by
MR. CROUCH. Q. Who do you say are the trustees? A. John Holborrow and two others—Mrs. Pettigrew and her husband have occupied it many years—I have received the rent for eight or ten years—both the prisoners came to me concerning the distress before it was put in—Pettigrew stated that if I would wait some time she would pay the rent—she said she was going to administer at Doctors' Commons—I promised to wait a certain time.

COURT. Q. But you did distrain? A. Yes.





CHARLES EYRE
. I live in Brick-lane, Old-street. I am occasionally in the employ of Mr. Garner, a broker and auctioneer—I was put in possession of the house, No. 21, Old-street—I have the warrant here—I went in possession on the 6th of April—there are six rooms in the house—Pettigrew was not there on the 6th of April, nor on the 7th, but she came and slept there on the 8th, and till the 15th, in the back parlour down stairs—Joblyns and her daughter came to see Pettigrew in the day-time—on the 16th of April, Joblyns came there—she and Pettigrew, who is her mother, went out about twelve—they said they were going to Doctors' Commons, and Joblyns grumbled because Pettigrew was not ready—they left Joblyns daughter in the house—she remained in the shop, and so did I till Joblyns and Pettigrew came back between two and three—they had some bread and cheese, and a pint of beer in the shop—(the granddaughter went away, leaving them in the shop)—Pettigrew then went up stairs alone, and remained there for about an hour—Joblyns was down stairs in the shop—Joblyns and Pettigrew went out a second time, between four and five, saying they were going to their friend, Mr. Sharp's, to tea—Joblyns returned about eight or a little after—she sat down and conversed a little time in the shop—she then said, I wonder what mother has been up stairs for, she has not been up stairs for months; if you will allow me the candle, I will go and see"—I said certainly she might take it—she took the candle off the table and went up stairs with it—she was not away, to my recollection, more than five minutes—she brought down the candle with her, and put it on the table—she said the old lady bad been up stairs doing something to the bed—she stated that the old lady was taken violently ill where they went round to tea, that she was obliged to have a doctor and a physician, and put her feet into warm water—Joblyns went away, and said if her son should call, she should not be long before she was back—I said it was a very great pity that the old lady was taken so ill, and I supposed she would not be able to be left alone—she said she supposed she should have to be up with her all night—I said, "Very well, I will take care of everything the same as if you were here; you know I can't leave the possession of the house; you will find the shop open, and everything right when you come in the morning"—she left, and came back about half-past nine, or rather better, and asked if her son had been—I generally go to bed about ten, but that night I did not go to bed before eleven, as she told me the old lady might take it into her head to return, as old people were so curious in their way, I had better wait half-an-hour longer—she did not go up stairs then, but left the house a little before ten, and did not return any more that night—I stood at the door till about eleven—I then bolted the door, and

went up stairs to go to bed—when I got up stairs on the landing, I found a smoke and smother as if it was the smell of wood, but I could not say exactly—I went into the first floor back room, which is a bed-room, that was more full of smoke than the landing was—I was not able to discover any fire there—I then went to the second floor back room—it was still full of smoke all the way up stairs, and so it was when I got to the top—I came down, and looked into the first floor back room again—I went down into the parlour—I could find no fire or make, or any signs of any fire there—I then went up stairs on the landing again, as I thought it might proceed from the next house—I came down, and went to the next house, and asked if the chimney was on fire—Sarah Drake came from the next door, and ran up stairs before me—I followed her with a candle—she saw the fire through the glass door, or something—she opened the door of the first floor room, and said, "Here it is, here it is"—I saw a smoke, but I did not see the fire—I went down stairs to get Mr. Drake—he and I went up stairs together—I then saw the fire in the floor of the front room—it was all of a red fire, but not blazing out—Mr. Drake begged me to go down and keep the door fast, which I did—he threw some water on the fire, and went and got another pail of water, threw that on, and another person brought a pail of water—they succeeded in extinguishing the fire—after Drake had put it out, some policemen and firemen came—I cannot say which of them came first—the policeman examined the room—I saw him hold his lantern or candle to the hole in the floor, and there I saw some lucifers—there were three or four holes—one was towards the partition on one side of the fire, and two or three on the other side next to the window—one on the landing—there were lucifers in each hole, and some papers and wood in one hole, which the policeman took possession of—on the day before I had bought a box of lucifers, which I put on the table in the shop, and some time in the course of the 16th I missed some of the lucifers—no person besides myself and the prisoners had been up stairs that day.

COURT. Q. You told Joblyns you could not leave the house? A. Yes—I said she might go and stop with the old lady, the things would be perfectly safe, as I could not leave the house—I am sure I said so.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. It was about eight o'clock when Joblyns came back? A. Yes—she went up stairs, after she had been there a while, between eight and nine—I may have said it was nearer eight than nine—it was between the two hours—it was about half-past nine when she came back about her son—she did not go up stairs then—she left me before ten—it was about eleven when I went up stairs to bed—I had shut up the shop about eight, and then I stood at the door, or sat down in the shop, but nothing attracted my attention till I went up stairs—I persist in swearing that there was smoke on the first landing—it was not so dense as it was when I opened the back room door—when I got into the back room it was very dense—the landing is rather a large one—I looked about in the back bed-room; I could not see any fire—I went up stairs, and looked into the back bed-room there—I did not look in the front room, as there was no furniture or anything there, but I thought there might be a spark fell on the bed things in the back rooms—in the first floor front room there was an old bureau and bookcase—at the top were two tables and four chairs—in the back room, first floor, were a bedstead, mattress, and bedding, a table, two old chairs, and, I think, a wash-tub—they were all old, and worth very little—I was told that some goods were removed a fortnight before—I slept in the second floor back, and had a flock bed—the daughter and mother slept in the first floor back room, when they did sleep there—all the other rooms were unoccupied—there was but a little stock in the shop—I did not look into

the first floor front room at all, because I thought nothing could catch fire there—the top of the house was shut up—there is no trap-door that I could perceive—there were some windows, but I believe they were all shut—when I went out to Drake's fur water, I pulled the street door to in my flurry—I did not put the fire out; Mr. Drake did—it is an old house—the floor was very dry, and there were holes in it—the hole in the landing was the same as those in the floor—they appeared to be holes worn—I am in the habit of smoking at times—I had not been looking out of the first floor window at all that day, I am sure of that—I went up stairs, but not with a pipe—I never smoked up stairs—I do not know whether there had been any disputing between Pettigrew and her landlord, besides this distress.

COURT. Q. These holes in the floor did not appear to be made fresh? A. No; I believe they were old.





SARAH DRAKE
. I live next door to this house. Eyre came in, and I went with him into the next house—I have heard what he said about finding this fire.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. When you went up you saw the fire with the greatest ease? A. Not till I went up to the door, but I had no candle—I did not perceive any smoke on the landing, but when the room door was opened there was great smoke from the bit of board that was alight—my father did not come while I was there—I went down, and Mr. Eyre followed me.





HUGH JAMES DRAKE
. I went into the house—I observed that there was a dense smoke in the passage, so much so that I was obliged to stoop—I had no candle—I went into the front room on the first floor—the smoke there was Very dense, and there was a fire behind the door—I found the smoke so dense when I got to about the middle of the passage, that I crawled on my hands and knees to the fire—I saw a red fire about two feet square in the floor—I crawled close to it, and perceived there were little lights round the joists in the floor, and the whole of the floor appeared to be destroyed as far as the joists went—I looked into the hole, and put my hand in—there was something which was very hot and very hard—I got out of the room as quickly as I could, and knowing there was no water in the house, I went to my own house, took the tub of water off my counter, went into the house, and, knowing where the fire was, I stooped down with the tub in my hands, and poured the water into the hole, and then the smoke was very bad—I opened the window, and called out for more water—I succeeded in putting out the fire—I do not think the water I took would have extinguished it, if there had not been more water brought—I sent for my axe, and broke in the flooring, and discovered a great deal of sand, and that, I suppose, was the hard substance that I felt—I did not remove any boards till the firemen and policemen came—I then removed the boards, and saw these lucifer matches—the policemen picked them up—they were on fire on the other side of the joists, under the floor—I observed more holes than one in the floor.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Have you been in the house since? A. Yes, two or three times—there is a padlock on the outside.





HENRY ANDREW MALLETT
. I am an engineer of the Whitecross-street fire station. On the night in question I was called by the policeman to the house in Old-street-road—I found the fire was extinguished in the first floor front room—the flooring and joists were burned.

Cross-examined. Q. This was an old flooring? A. Yes—I understand there has been a new flooring since.





HENRY WILLIAM DUBOIS
 (police-sergeant N 14.) On the night of the 16th of April I went to the house No. 21, Old-street-road, which is in the parish of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch—I went into the first floor front room—I

saw a hole in the flooring, about two feet from the stove, where about eighteen inches or two feet had been burnt quite away, no portion of the flooring remaining—after the firemen went away I went down into the shop, and on the counter I saw a great quantity of mortar and sand where the hole had been broken through in the ceiling, and a small portion of tinder of rags in the mortar and sand, that had fallen through where the hole had been broken—I went up stairs after that to the room where the fire had taken place, and saw a hole in this board which I produce—this board was near to where the fire had been burning, next to the joists that were burnt, and in the hole in this board I could see matches, paper, and chips—I found another hole in the floor where there had been a knot in the wood, and in that hole I found this other paper and these matches—I could see them the very moment I turned my light on—on searching the floor further I saw another hole near the window, and in that hole I found this other piece of paper—on searching the landing, leading to the room which had been on fire, I saw another hole. and in that I found some lucifer matches and a paper, which is a receipt—I examined the whole house, but did not find anything but in that room and landing—next morning I went to No. 6, Wenlock-cottages, and there I saw Joblyns—she called to me while I was on the stairs—I told her to put on her clothes and go along with me to her house in Old-street-road, which had been on fire—she said, "O dear! O dear me! what shall I do; my mother is so ill I cannot leave the house"—I said, "You must go with me"—she said, "What damage is done? is the house burnt down?"—I said, "You must go with me and see"—she said, "Is the man hurt?" (or burnt)—I said, "He is not, no thanks to you"—on the 18th I received this policy of insurance from the postman—it is directed to "Mrs. M. Pettigrew, No.21, Old-street-road."





WILLIAM EDWARD BALL
 (police-constable N 365.) I was present when the search of the house was made—Sergeant Dubois has given a correct account of it—I produce some lucifers which I found at the house—I went to Wenlock-cottages the next morning—I got there first—I saw Joblyns, and asked for Mrs. Pettigrew—Joblyns said her name was Joblyns, and wanted to know my business, saying her mother was very ill—I asked if she knew that their house in Old-street-road was on fire—she said, "O dear me, fire! What a sad thing it is, for we are not insured," or something to that effect—Sergeant Dubois then came up—I had seen some goods removed for No.21, Old-street, about ten or eleven days before—there was a cart at the door, and Joblyns and a man were helping to put the goods into the cart.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Can you swear it was not twelve or fourteen days before? A. It might have been.





WILLIAM CALDWELL
. I am a letter-carrier—I received this letter containing the policy of insurance from the Post-office—I delivered it to Mr. Dubois.





RICHARD LEAGE
. I am an appraiser. I have an inventory of the goods in the house No. 21, Old-street—I made it on the 11th of April, under the distress warrant that Eyre had—I valued the goods at 10l. 2s.





JAMES SEYMOUR HORSLEY
. I am clerk at the Sun Fire Insurance office. I produce the book—here is a policy entered granted to John Pettigrew—I have a policy up to Lady-day, 1845, upon the dwelling-house No. 21, Old-street, for 100l., in the name of Mary Pettigrew.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You have had that insurance for many ears? A. yes, about thirty years.





RICHARD WILKS
. I am clerk in the Sun Fire-office. This policy was

made out by me and sent by the post—Mr. Edward Harman is chairman of the Sun Fire-office Company, and there are other proprietors.





WILLIAM SHARP
. I live in Hoxton-square. I do not know much of Joblyns or Pettigrew—they did not drink tea at my house on the 16th of April—Pettigrew never was in my house in her life—they never drank tea there.





WILLIAM ROGERS
 (police-constable N 288.) I took Pettigrew into custody on the 17th of April, at No. 6, Wenlock-cottages—she first asked me where the man was—I asked if she meant the broker's man—she said, "Yes"—I told her I could not tell her—she then asked me what part of the house the fire began in—I told her I could not say.

JOBLYNS—



GUILTY
on the 3 rd and 4 th Counts.
 Aged 35.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


PETTIGREW—


NOT GUILTY
.
