




1267. 




HENRY STEVENS
 and 




JAMES HOFF
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
10th of March, 26lbs. weight of bacon, value 14s., the goods of 



Robert Skinner.






ROBERT SKINNER
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in the Curtain-road, Shoreditch. On Thursday, the 10th of March, my cart was standing at my shop-door, being loaded—my man plated a flitch of bacon in it—Dakeson came in and gave me information—I went to the cart, and the bacon was gone—I had seen it safe in the cart not more than ten minutes before—part of it is now her—it resembles mine very much.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANKTINE. Q. Have you compared it with the bacon from which you supposed you cut it? A. No—it was not in my possession when this was shown me.





THOMAS DUKESON
. I was coming up Holywell-lane this evening, and saw Mr. Skinner's cart standing at his door—I saw the prisoners and another young chap waiting opposite his door, a little distance from it—I saw Stevens go to the cart and take out a half-side of bacon, put It under his arm, cross the road, and give it to Hoff, who was standing on the other side of the way—Hoff went up Charles-street one way, and Stevens went another way—I directly informed Mr. Skinner.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen these persons before? A. No—I was a very few yards from them—I saw them for three or four minutes Bonner was with me.





WILLIAM BONNER
. I saw Stevens take the bacon, go across the road with it under his arm, and give it to Hoff.





JAMES BRANNAN
. I am a police-sergeant. On Friday morning, the 11th of March, I went to Featherstone-court, St. Luke's, to Hoff's house—I knocked at the door, he admitted me—I said, "Now Mr. Hoff, about this bacon"—he said, "What bacon?"—I said, "The bacon stolen from a stolen from a cart last night in the Curtain-road"—be said, "I know nothing about it"—I found this bacon which I have produced, in a cupboard in the house, and asked how he came by it—he said he bought it of a female—he afterwards said he had bought it of a young man—Stevens was taken by

directions on the Sunday following, by another officer, in the same court as Hoff.
(Hoff received a good character.)





JAMES BRANNAN

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Steven's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person so tried and convicted.

Cross-examined. Q. Do yon know whether the prisoners are in distress? A. Yes, they are.

STEVENS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

HOFF—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.
