



2402. 




EMMA MAPPISON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; 7 sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 18s., 3 sixpences, 1 groat, 1 bill of exchange for 300l., in his dwelling-house.






JOHN BONEY.
, I live at 51, Pear-tree Court, Clerkenwell—the prisoner was in my service three months ago, and left—on the 26th of Sept., I went out with my wife from six o'clock till a quarter past eight—I received information which caused me to go to the station, where I found my cash

box—it contained seven sovereigns, nearly 1l., worth of silver, a bill of exchange for 300l., and other things—it was safe in my dwelling-house when I left.





ELISABETH BONNRY.
 I am the prosecutor's wife—I went to chapel with my husband, leaving this cash-box safe in the cupboard.





ELIZA LAVINIA THURLOW.
 I am in the service of Mr. Bonney. On the 26th of Sept., in the evening, my master and mistress were out—the prisoner knocked at the door—I opened it—she asked if Mr. Bonney was at home—I said he had gone to chapel—she asked if I would give her a little water to drink—I said I had no spring water, I would give her some other—she said I need not trouble, and asked me to read a letter she had—I fetched a light, and she had no letter—we went into the parlour—she run across the room and took a bunch of keys out of a cupboard door, and said she had left some linen when she was in Mr. Bonney's service, would I go up and look for it—I said I knew nothing of it, so she had better call again—she said she had left her needle-case on the corner of the mantel-piece, would I go up and get it—I said, "No"—she said she would go up herself—I said if she would give me my master's key's she might, but she would not—she blew out the light, and went up stairs—I went for assistance, and shut her in the house—she was taken in the next yard, with the cash-box.

Prisoner. Q. You saw me take the cash-box; did not you ask me to go up stairs? Witness. No—you never went into the kitchen.





JAMES COBERTT
 (policeman, G 208) I was called, went into the yard got over the wall, and found the prisoner concealed in the water-closet with this cash-box and its contents.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
