



2643. 




GEORGE HAYWARD
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering an acceptance to a bill of exchange for the payment of 200l., with ntent to defraud 



Pierre Francois and others.—Third and Fourth COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Lewis Lloyd and others.—Other COUNTS, with intent to defraud 



Robert Paul and others.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






PIERRE FRANCOIS
. I am in partnership with Jules de la Cruez, and have carried on business in the leather trade, in Pinner's-court, Broad-street, since February or March—I first became acquainted with the prisoner, I believe it March; he was then living in Skinner-street, Bishopsgate—I do not know what business he was carrying on there—he told us he was in the shoe trade—I was induced to let him have leather from time to time down to June—on the 9th of July he was indebted to us above 210l.—I became rather anxious to get some money from him, and on the 9th I called on him at his private residence, in Upper Lisson-street, Lisson-grove, where his warehouse was at that time—I told him that I wanted the account—he gave me this bill and two or three others—before he gave it me, I saw him indorse it—this "George Hayward" at the back is his signature.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. How long have you had dealings with the prisoner? A. About four or five months—he has paid us more than 100l., I believe, I do not exactly know how much—it is not 200l.—it may be 150l., I do not know—it was on a Sunday I went to obtain money for the goods—I asked him to endorse this bill—he did it at once—I did not ask him to get some other goods from other persons—I did not offer to recommend him to other persons; nothing of the sort—I asked him once to give me some of the goods he had in his warehouse, if he could not give me some money—his warehouse was shut—there was an officer of the county of Middlesex in it, I believe; he was in the room—I asked the prisoner to give me some goods or bills as security for the money he owed me—I do not know where he was to get the goods from—he had shown me some paper he had for packing, and he offered to give us some of it—I did not mention any other parties from whom he was to get goods, nor offer to give him any reference, or to allow him to refer to me—I said nothing of the sort—I have been in business eight months—I have no other partner than Mr. de la Cruez.





JOSEPH WAKEFIELD TERRY
. I am a clerk in the house of Lewis Lloyd and others—I know nothing of this bill; we have had no advice of it, nor any

funds to meet it from the Commercial Bank of Scotland, or from George Munro.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you would not have paid this bill? A. If we had had advice of it we should—the acceptance states that advice would come through the Commercial Bank, but we looked elsewhere for it—if we had no advice from the Commercial Bank, or Mr. Munro, we should not pay it—if we had had advice from the Commercial Bank, we should have placed the bill to their account—the Commercial Bank would not be the losers if it is a forgery.





ALEXANDER KINGCAVE M'KENZIE
. I am one of the principal clerks in the Commercial Bank of Scotland—Robert Paul is one of the partners—there are several others—we have no depositor of the name of George Munro, nor any assets to meet such a bill as this, nor any authority to give advice to Lloyds to pay it—I know no such person as George Munro.
— HAMBIDGE. I am clerk and agent to the prosecutors—the prisoner was taken into custody on the 26th of Aug.—when I made inquiries at Lloyd's, and found no assets, I was sent down to Scotland to make inquiries after George Munro, of Leopold-place—I could not find any such person there—I inquired at every house and on every flat, on the 1st and 2nd of September.

Cross-examined. Q. How long were you in Edinburgh? A. Five days—I did not go to the General Post Office, nor to any Commercial-rooms—I inquired whether there was any other Leopold-place.

MR. DOANE. Q. Could you find any other? A. No—I inquired at the district post-office, which is No. 1, Leopold-place."





GEORGE MUNRO
. I was a pawnbroker, living at 14, Shrewsbury-street, Edinburgh; but have now retired from business—the acceptance to this bill is not my hand-writing, nor any part of it—I did not authorise any body to sign it for me—I never lived at Leopold-place—there is another George Munro, a grocer and spirit-dealer, who spells his name as I do—I have lived in Edinburgh about forty years—I do not know of any George Munro who spells his name as I do, except the gentleman who is now in court.





GEORGE MUNRO
. I am a grocer and spirit-dealer. I live in Canal-street, Edinburgh, and have done so for twelve years—I do not know of any other person whose name is spelt like mine, except the last witness and his son—I never lived in Leopold-place—the acceptance to this bill is not my writing—I never authorised any one to put that signature for me—I know nothing at all about it.





HENRY COX HIPPESLEY JUSTINS
. I am clerk to Mr. Hobler, the attorney for the prosecution. After the prisoner was taken before the Magistrate, I was sent down to Edinburgh to make inquiries respecting a George Munro, living in Leopold-place—I only found one Leopold-pace there—I inquired at the different houses, if a person named George Munro was there, or known to have been there; and no person of that name was ever known there, or was there at that time—I made very minute inquiries—I took down the names, residence, and occupation of every person in Leopold-place, and inquired particularly whether they had ever known such a person, and the uniform answer was, no—I put myself in communication with the authorities of the Post-office there.

Cross-examined. Q. Of the General Post-office? A. Yes.

JURY. Q. The houses are all let out in flats; you might inquire below, and the other inhabitants might not be known? A. I had the name of the occupant of every flat taken down at the time, with the number of years and months they had resided there; and I made particular inquiries whether

each of them knew a person of that name, and the uniform answer was, they did not—I inquired that in every flat.





PIERRE FRANCOIS

re-examined. The acceptance was on the bill when the prisoner endorsed it, and gave it me.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did he take it from? A. From his pocket-book, with three others accepted by Thomas Reeves, Mr. Porter, and Mr. Beesley—I was to keep the bill till he furnished us with goods, or with some money—I was then to return it to him, if it was before it became due.

MR. DOANE. Q. What were you to do with it when it became due? A. If I had not found out it was a forgery, I should have taken it to Jones, Lloyd, and Co., to get the money for it.
(The bill was as follows:)—"London, 15th May, 1843.—Three months after date, pay to my order the sum of 200l. for value received. GEO. HAYWARD. To Mr. Geo. Munro, Leopold-place, Edinburgh.—Accepted; payable through the Commercial Bank of Scotland, at Messrs. Jones, Lloyd, and Co., bankers, Lothbury, London.—G. MUNRO."





GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


Third Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.

