




1489. 




CATHERINE GREEN
 and 



ANN JAMES
 were indicted for

 stealing, in the 
liberty of Saffron-hill, Hatton-garden and Ely-rents, 13 yards of woollen cloth, value 10l.; 8 yards of velvet, 6l.; and 10 yards of serge, 1l. 10s.; the goods of 



William Lamb, the master of 



Catherine Green, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM LAMB
. I am a woollen-draper, and live on Holborn-hill, in the liberty of Saffron-hill, Hatton-garden, and Ely-rents. Green came into my service on the 27th of April, and left on the 29th of last Nov.—James is her sister, and was in the habit of visiting her at my house—I saw her there on the evening before Green left—on Sunday the 7th of April, this year, I caused Green to be taken into custody—she was taken to Smithfield station, and searched by the female searcher—a bunch of keys was produced to me—one of them fitted the lock of a mahogany box that used to stand on my bed-room table, where the key of my warehouse was universally deposited, if I was not at home—Green said the keys belonged to her boxes, which were at her sister's—on the same night I accompanied Finn the officer to No. 3, Crown-court—I

found James there, and two large boxes, which a little girl pointed out to me—we applied some of the keys to the boxes, and they unlocked them—a key was found in the boxes which appears to have been filed—I was present on a further search of the house, and property was found—it was afterwards applied to the door of my warehouse—it opened it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I suppose the property found you have no doubt was abstracted at different times? A. It was—I should think one person might carry it at various times—I have seen James at my house about twenty times—I had a character with Green.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have no knowledge of who took your things? A. No—any one who had the key of my warehouse might take them away at night.





WILLIAM FINN
 (City police-constable, No. 276.) About eight o'clock on Sunday night, the 7th of April, I took Green and another young woman—I took them to the station—the other one was discharged—the female searcher handed me a bunch of keys, one of them opened a box in the prosecutor's bed-room where the key of his warehouse used to be deposited—I then went to No. 3, Crown-court, and found James in the first floor front room—I said I had come to take her; she must come to the Smithfield station—she said, "What for?"—I said, "On suspicion of being concerned with your sister in robbing her late master"—I said, "Your sister has some boxes here"—she said, "These are them"—I took her to the station, and came back to the room—I found these two keys opened the two boxes that were there—I found in them some bits of cloth, some velvets, some satins, and linings—I found in one of the boxes this key, which turned out to be the key of the prosecutor's warehouse—I also found a Savings'-bank book—on Wednesday, the 10th of April, I went to Crown-court again—I went to the same room with Russell, and searched a chest of drawers—I found in them some little pieces of satin, and Russell found some remnants of woollen cloth—I opened the drawers by a bunch of keys which I got from a girl living in the house, and who was said by James, on Sunday night, to be her daughter.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask that girl anything about duplicates? A. No—she was fifteen years old—I obtained information from her about one duplicate of a ring—I did not tell her if she gave up what tickets she had, her mother should be liberated—these are the articles found in the drawers.





GEORGE RUSSELL
 (City police-constable, No. 234.) I accompanied Finn on the 10th of April, to search James's room—these are the things found in the drawers—(producing various articles)—I produce a duplicate which the girl gave me, who was at the office at the time that James was under examination.





GEORGE RALPH SCADDING
. I am in the service of Mr. Walker, a pawnbroker, in Aldersgate-street—I produce two cloth cloaks pawned by James; one on the 17th of Feb., the other on the 24th of March—also three yards and a half of blue cloth, pawned on the 2nd of Nov., I do not know by whom.





GEORGIANA CHALCROFT
, dress-maker, Sutton-street, Clerkenwell. I know both the prisoners—they have each employed me—I made up these three bonnets by their directions—they came together, and brought two remnants of velvet—they told me if I could make up the bonnets, and manage to keep enough for one for myself, I might have it—I never made bonnets of such velvet before—I made both these cloaks—James brought me the materials to make them—one was for herself, and the other for Green.

Cross-examined. Q. Who produced the velvet? A. They were both together, but the velvet was in James's hands.






WILLIAM LAMB
. I know this blue cloth to be mine—I lost this velvet it is a sort we sell for waistcoats—I believe these shreds found in the drawers were cut from my property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





JOHN TAYLOR
. I am porter to the prosecutor. I was living there for about five weeks before Green left—I have seen James come there two or three times a week to see her sister, and for linen—sometimes she went up stairs on the second floor, and sometimes in the kitchen on the first floor—Green's bed-room was the second floor front room—James generally came of a morning before eight, and of an evening after the shop was shut up—I believe these boxes found at James's to be Green's, which she had at Mr. Lamb's.

GREEN—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


JAMES—


NOT GUILTY
.
