



453. 




RICHARD HORTON
 was indicted

, for that he being employed under, the Post-office of Great Britain and Ireland, feloniously did steal, on the 
24th of December, a certain post-letter containing 1 sovereign, the said letter and sovereign being the property of 

Her Majesty's Postmastergeneral—5 other COUNTS, varying the name of stating the charge.


MESSRS. SHEPHERD and ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN RAINS
. I am the wife of John Rains, of Truro, in Cornwall. On the 22nd of December, by direction of my husband, I inclosed a sovereign in a paper, which I put into a letter—I put it in a piece of paper, put the paper into the letter, and sewed it round to the inner leaf of the sheet with a needle and thread—I took it to the post-office kept by Miss Thomas—I delivered it there—I had sealed it with a red seal, and pressed it down with my thimble, as I was sewing at the time—I sealed it firmly and well,

and directed it to "Mr. Alden, No. 27, Brewer-street, near the Brill, Somers-town, London"—the sovereign was paid by my husband to a benefit society—this is the letter now produced.





GEORGE REYNOLDS
. I am an assistant inspector of letter-carriers—the prisoner has been a carrier in the Post-office about a year and a half—in December last, Brewer-street, Somers-town, was his district—he had been removed, at the commencement of October, from the Crawford-street and Montague-square district. On the morning of the 27th of December I was at the Post-office—I saw a letter directed to" Mr. Alden, No. 27, Brewerstreet, near the Brill, Somers-town, London"—I took a copy of the address, and marked the letter with a private mark—I noticed the letter particularly—it contained some kind of coin—it had the Truro post-mark on it—I gave it to Mr. Cook, another assistant inspector, and desired him to put it among the letters for the prisoner—I told him also to take the direction down—he did so—the prisoner was not in the letter-carrier's office at that time—he came up immediately after Mr. Cook had put the letter among his other letters—he arranged his letters for delivery, and went out in about three-quarters of an hour—I saw him take the letter—this letter now produced is the same, and has my private mark on it—the prisoner left the office about ten minutes before nine o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. About how many letters had he to deliver that morning? A. I have not the means of knowing exactly—perhaps about seventy, and some newspapers—I did not look over all his letters that day—there might be other money-letters—it was his duty to sort all the letters he found placed on his seat.





THOMAS BURGESS COOK
. I am an assistant inspector of letter-carriers. On the morning of the 24th of December, Mr. Reynolds gave me a letter, which, in consequence of his directions, I placed among the prisoner's letters on his seat—I made an entry in a book, which I have here, of the address, and where it came from—I believe this to be the letter—I noticed that the r was left out in the word" Somers-town," and it appeared to me to contain coin—that coin was safe in it when I put it among his delivery letters—there was no appearance of any breaking of the seal, or displacement of the coin—I afterwards made inquiry at Brewer-street, to see if the letter had arrived there; and in consequence of what I heard there, I went to the prisoner's lodging, No. 6, Berkeley-street, Clerkenwell—I saw him there, and told him he must go with me to the Office respecting a letter that had been misdirected—he went with me—on the arrival of the officer, we were directed to go to Mr. Peacock's, the solicitor—Mr. Peacock asked the prisoner if Brewer-street, Somers-town was in his delivery—he said it was—Mr. Peacock then asked him if he had any letters that morning for Mr. Alden, of No. 27, in that street—he said he had not, that be knew the name in the street, but he had no letters for him—Mr. Peacock then said that an inquiry had been made for a letter supposed to contain coin, and directed to Mr. Alden, No. 27, Brewer-street—the prisoner said he had not seen it; if he had, it would have been delivered in the usual way—be gave no further account respecting the letter at that time.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Peak the officer present at that time? A. Not till afterwards—I left the room before Peak was called in—after Mr. Peacock bad asked the prisoner a few questions, Peak was called in.





ANNE ALDEN
. I live at No. 27, Brewer-street, Somers-town. On the morning of the 24th of December I saw the prisoner pass my house—he

spoke to me, and said it was a warm morning—I was cleaning the step of my door—I saw him pass again on his return—he had letters in his hand—he delivered no letter to me—my husband was out.





RICHARD ALDEN
. I am the last witness's husband. On the morning of the 24th of December I went out, about a quarter to six o'clock in the morning, and returned about half-past eight in the evening—I did not receive any letter that day from Truro—it never came to my hands till I saw it at the Postoffice—I have a person corresponding with me every half-year from there.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am a constable of the Post-office. On Friday morning, the 24th of December, I was called into the solicitor's office, the prisoner's was there—I saw Mr. Cook going out as I came in—Mr. Peacock stated, that a money—letter had been addressed to a house in the prisoner's walk, and had not been delivered, in consequence of that, his person and house must be searched—the prisoner said, "Very well"—I took him into another room, searched him, and found several letters on him, and in his breast coat pocket a memorandum-book, also a gold sovereign, 3s. 6d. in silver, and 3d. in copper—the sovereign was in his trowsers' pocket—I opened the memorandum-book, shook it, and a letter tumbled out—I have kept it ever since, and produce it—it has my name on it—when the letter fell out, I said, "What letter is this?"—he said, "That is the letter which has been inquired about with the sovereign"—he was then cautioned, that whatever he might say would be used either for or against him, and he said no more—the letter was just in the same state as it is now, open—here is a hole, where it appears something has been sewn round, just like a great O—the needle and thread have only gone through the inner leaf of the letter.

Cross-examined. Q. Were the words used to him, that whatever he said would be used "for or against him?" A. Yes.

Q. Will you swear you have not said, what you said was, you cautioned him, not to say any thing unless he thought proper? A. That is not what I said to him, certainly.

Q. Is this true, "I then cautioned him not to say any thing, unless he thought proper?" A. I am sure he did not say that—this is my signature to my deposition—I swear I did not say that, I am positive of it—that was not the words I used.

Q. Was it not your impression that he was about stating something more, when you cautioned him? A. He was about stating something, I expect—he got up from the chair—(The witness's deposition being read, toted, "I then cautioned him not to say any thing, unless he thought proper, and he said no more")—I swear I did not say that—it must have been a mistake, which I did not notice when it was read over—I was desired to attend to it, but I might overlook that—I heard the prisoner make a statement at the police-court, which was taken down—I saw the prisoner sign it.
(The letter produced was addressed," Mr. Alden, 27, Brewer-street, Somers-town, near the Brill, London")

The statement made by the prisoner at the police-court was here read as follows:—"The prisoner says, 'When I got up from my chair, I was going to make a reply to a gentleman in the room, and to make a further statement, when I was cautioned by some gentleman: it is, that the letter in question I had for delivery. Previous to my getting to the house, by the

pressure of the string, I found that the seal was broken, and a sovereign visible—I took it out, put it into my pocket, and the letter into that red memorandum-book, separate from the others. It was my full intention on returning to my duty at half-past five o'clock, to have taken it to the President, whoever was on duty, and have stated to him, that just before my delivery I discovered the seal broken, and the sovereign visible, to know what I was to do with it, whether I should detain it until my morning delivery, or what I should do with it. I was so agitated when I went before the gentleman, that I hardly knew what I said, or I should have immediately taken it out of my pocket, and asked the gentleman what I should do with it. In coming from my lodging with Mr. Cook, I asked him if he knew what Mr. Kelly wanted with me; he said he thought it was respecting a money order I had the day before, which was directed to the receiving-house, No. 1, Pleasant-row, Bloomsbury. The morning previous he had told me that I might try it at No. 1, Pleasant-row, Battle-bridge; it was opened by Mr. Steed at the receiving-house; he did not know any thing about it; I took it to Mr. Playle, the inspector, on Friday morning; he wrote on it, 'Not for Mr. Steed,' and told me to take it to the Bloomsbury man. I put my signature to it, and I gave it to the Bloomsbury man; it was thinking of that when I was before the gentleman that caused me to be so agitated, or I should have brought out the other letter, to have asked what I was to do with it. I saw Mrs. Alden, as she as has stated; as I passed her, I said it was a mild morning, and I repassed her.'—R. HORTON."

(Richard Greenhill, tanner, Ashford, Kent; Mrs. Simmons, of Stroud, Kent; John Rothway, painter and glazier, Batches-row, City-road; John Bray, builder, Berkeley-street; and James Pugh, publican, Berkeley-street; deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 30.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury on account of his character.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

