



67. 




MARIA HOPKINS



, stealing 5 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the moneys of 



James Andrew Wilson, from his person, having been before convicted.






JAMES ANDREW WILSON.
 On 6th Nov. I was returning from Paddington, and was accosted by the prisoner—she forced her conversation on me—I missed a handful of silver from my pocket—there had been 20s. or 30s.—it was all gone but a 4d. piece—she was taken in charge—I walked by her side—the officer found 15s. in her mouth, and I picked up half a crown, a portion of the money which was taken from her.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. What time was it? A. About one o'clock in the morning—no one had accosted me but the prisoner and her two associates—I had had nothing but a glass of grog—I took no notice of the three, but the prisoner walked with me about ten minutes, from twenty to forty yards—I was trying to get rid of her, but could not release myself—I did not give her anything—she wanted to know whether I would go house with her—I merely asked her which way she was going—she said she would show me—I went ten or twelve yards, and then saw a policeman.





ROBERT SMITH
 (policeman, 160.) Wilson gave the prisoner into my charge for stealing money—I saw something bulge out in her check, and tried to force it out—she said, "Let me go, I will give it up"—she did not give it up, and with the assistance of another constable I got four half-crowns and two shillings and sixpence from her mouth—Wilson picked up another half-crown, which made five.

Cross-examined. Q. How did you get the money? A. Another man held her arms, and I thrust my thumb into her mouth, as she appeared to be swallowing the money—it fell out—this was in the street.





WILLIAM PENNY
 (policeman, E 140.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1844, for stealing a half-crown from the person, confined one year)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.

