



1170. 




WILLIAM JOHN WORLY
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 sheep, price 2l., the property of 



William Webb.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN BROWN
. I am in the employ of Mr. Webb, a butcher, in Newport-court, Soho. On the 12th of April, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I drove eight sheep into the slaughter-house, which is right opposite the place I had driven them out of, in Princes-court—I locked the door, and took the key down to the shop—I went back again between five and six o'clock in the evening—the sheep were safe then—I locked the door up again—I went to the slaughter-house again between eight and nine o'clock—I found the door was half open—I had left both the doors locked between five and six, and I found one of them open between eight and nine—I got a light, and found that there were only seven sheep out of the eight—inconsequence of something that was told me, I went to the prisoner's shop, in Newport-alley, with my fellow-servant, who is my master's foreman—I heard him ask the prisoner if he had got a stray sheep that did not belong to him—he denied it, and said he had not got one—my fellow-servant asked him, "Are you sure?"—he said, "Yes, I am"—he said he had not got one there—(he came up out of the cellar when we went into the shop)—my fellow-servant said to me, "Go and fetch a constable"—the prisoner said, "For God's sake, don't fetch one; I have got the sheep here, I have got a stray sheep"—in the mean time the constable came up, and my fellow-servant said, "I shall give that man in charge, for taking a sheep"—the prisoner said, "For God's sake, let me alone; I will go and fetch Cranshaw; he knows all about it"—he was then in the alley, in front of his own shop—when my fellow-servant gave him

in charge, the policeman laid hold of his arm, and he took and ran away—I ran after him, and the constable ran, and caught him in St. Martin's-lane, brought him back, and my master gave him into custody—after they came back from the office, I went down into the cellar under the prisoner's shop—I found the sheep there, and brought it up from the cellar, which the prisoner was down in when we went to his shop—it was one of the eight sheep which was the property of Mr. Webb, and was worth 2l.—I found a piece of iron bar lying alongside the slaughter-house door, and the lock was found inside—it must have been broken open.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. This is a common slaughter-house, is it? A. No—there is a common slaughter-house opposite, but this is where we keep the sheep, and kill sheep and calves, and such like—there is a common slaughter-house opposite—the beef slaughter-house; that is what we call a slaughter-house—this is a place where we keep sheep and calves—no other people kill there, barring my master—other persons keep sheep there—every master butcher who has things put there, has a key—Mr. Cooper, the landlord of the place, gives them keys—there were no other sheep in our place that night, but there were sheep in other parts—when you open the gate, or door, you get into a place as large as this Court is, and one part is penned off for us, another for one of our neighbours, and different parts for other persons—when you open the door you may go to any place there—I believe the prisoner was not in the habit of going there—I never saw him there in my life—the prisoner said he wanted to find Cranshaw, and said he knew all about it; but Cranshaw knew no more about it than giving the prisoner a lift up with the sheep—Cranshaw went up to the office to clear himself, and said he knew no more about it than giving him a lift up with the sheep—the prisoner ran away for the purpose of fetching Cranshaw, but he went a different road—the way to Cranshaw's is close by where the market-house is, but I do not know where Cranshaw was at that time—the prisoner ran away from his own shop, and said he wanted to fetch Cranshaw—my fellow-servant said to the prisoner, "I believe you have got a stray sheep here that don't belong to you?"—there was no one there but me and my fellowservant—his name is Aldous—he is not there—the prisoner denied having a sheep—Aldous asked him if he had got a stray sheep that did not belong to him—he said, "I have got no sheep"—Aldous said, "Are you sure?"—he said, "Yes"—Aldous said, "I will swear the sheep I saw there was Mr. Webb's—I can swear to the mark on it—it was marked twice across the loins, and once round each eye—all the sheep my master has are marked in that way with red ochre, which is the common thing for marking sheep with—other sheep are marked in a different way—the man who gave a lift up with the sheep saw it—Cranshaw is not here—I did not mark the sheep myself—I suppose the drover did, or my master—I was not present when it was marked—the sheep were not marked that day—they had been in the place two or three days—they came from Croydon—I know that this particular sheep was marked the same as the others were—the sheep I found in the prisoner's cellar had the same mark as the others—I had seen all the sheep in Mr. Webb's place—I never saw the prisoner with the sheep till I went to his shop.

MR. PAYNE. Q. When you went to your master's place between five and six o'clock, were all the eight sheep safe? A. Yes—there were other persons' sheep there—those other persons have not occasion to force the door and break the lock—they have keys—I have no doubt about that.






HENRY GOODHHERHAM
 (police-constable C 169.) On the 12th of April, about half-past eight o'clock at night, I took the prisoner—I was on duty in Newport-market, and was called to go to Newport-court—I saw the prisoner—he ran away before I got to him—I went after him—he was stopped in St. Martin's-lane, and I took him back—I went to the cellar under his shop—I saw the sheep, and saw it brought up—the witness appeared to know it—the prisoner admitted taking it, both to me and to the Magistrate—this is Mr. Bingham's writing to this deposition—the prisoner's statement was read over to him—(read—"The prisoner says, 'I had the sheep in my premises nearly an hour; I found it lying in Princes-row; I tied its legs, and took it home' ")—this is the sheep's-foot and the lock of the door, and the iron bar, that were in the slaughter-house—this is the sack with which the sheep was covered—this would hide its loins—the sheep was alive—I did not see the sheep in this sack—it was given me by the owner of the property.





WILLIAM TEARS
. I live at the white Hart, in Newport-market. On the 12th of April I saw the prisoner come out of the market-house door with this sheep on his back—I gave him two lifts up after that, as it was too heavy—he could not hold it—he was going towards his home—I saw him come out of the market-house door, and shut the door after him.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure he shut the door? A. Yes—he turned round to do it, and walked on deliberately till he got two doors from our place, and he dropped the sheep—we thought he could not get it up himself, and we gave him a lift—I knew the prisoner, and knew his name—he has three names, Warley, Ducket, and Wingrove—I knew him very well by those three names—Swift Kirby was with me, and he helped the prisoner up with it, and Cranshaw helped him up with it—there were two of us helped him the first time, and three the last time—Cranshaw was one that helped him the last time—he was in the parlour of the house, where I am potman, at the time the sheep was lost—I was in a little mess once about the marrow-bones and cleavers—that was not much of a mess; and once they wanted to bring me in✗ for some fat—I got off with that—it was quite an accidental thing my seeing the prisoner go by—he did not ask me to keep it a secret—I had no share in this—this was a very short distance from the prosecutor's house, and a very short distance from the prisoner's house.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you when you saw the prisoner coming out with the sheep on his back? A. Just by Mr. Kirby's door, the White Hart, in Newport-market—he had not got seven yards from our door before we were obliged to help him—I did not see him break the door open.





SWIFT KIRBY
. I live at the White Hart, Newport-market. I was standing at the door with Tears—I helped the prisoner up with the sheep twice—he dropped it about six or seven yards from our door—I did not see where it came from

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. No more than by sight—he did not tell me that there was any secret in it—he told me nothing about it.

COURT. Q. Was anything over the sheep? A. Yes—a piece of cloth, or a bag, or what you please to call it—it was tied all over its back, with one leg hanging out.





WILLIAM WEBB
. I am the proprietor of the sheep—I saw it in the cellar—I knew it again—it was one out of the eight of my sheep—to carry a sheep they usually tie three legs together, but we generally drive them.

Cross-examined. Q. You had not seen the sheep before? A. Yes, I

bought it—I do not buy a thing without seeing it—if I buy a flock I generally handle them all very particularly—I did not mark these sheep, my drover marked them—there were thirteen in the lot—I did not go into the market-house to see the sheep after it was there—I never go there—I did not see it driven into the market-house—I do not know that it was there, but it was my sheep—I saw it in the cellar, and put it in an opposite neighbour's place, and got it out the next morning—there was no sack on the sheep—it was running about loose in the little cellar—there was no other sheep there.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Is it usual to break open the place with a bar? A. No—there is no one keeps sheep in my place but me.

Prisoner's Defence. That man says all false against me, who says he saw me come out of the door; he has been discharged for dishonesty; no person will employ him; the man was subpoened✗against me to swear nothing; I had no intension of doing wrong; I should have been very glad for any person to have brought a sheep of mine home, and put it in their premises; I never denied the sheep being there; my wife was in the shop.
(Mr. Leadbitter, of the Trafalgar coffee-house; Mr. Crispin, a tailor, of Bedford-court; Mr. Saunders, of Conduit-court; Mr. Smith, of Bedfordbury; and Mr. Thompson, of St. Andrew-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

