



1623. 




WILLIAM MATTHEWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of January, 2 sovereigns, and 3 half-crowns, the monies of 



George Cull.






GEORGE CULL
. I live in Whitmore-street, Hoxton. On the 7th of January I was at the Bell, at Hoxton—I placed two sovereigns and three half-crowns on the table—the prisoner, who was in the room, took them off the table before my face, and went off—I told my son to follow him—he caught him in the passage—they both fell down—he got up, struggled, and ran off—I lost sight of them both—I am sure he is the person.

Prisoner. Q. Are you sure it was me that took the money off the table? A. Yes, I bad changed one sovereign out of three, and placed the other two with the half-crowns, on the table, and was looking for a shilling, when you took them.





GEORGE CULL, JUN
. I am the prosecutor's son. I was at this publichouse—my father got up, and said, "That man has robbed me"—I detained him—we both fell on the floor—he got from me, and ran—there was no one there to run after him—I followed him to the Green Man, and there gave him in charge, about half-an-hour after the money was lost—no money was found—he was in company with one or two others at the Green Man, who he seemed to know.

Prisoner. You wanted to fight me. Witness. No, I did not want to have any thing to do with you—I did not borrow 10s. of my father at the Green Man—I knew my father had money—we had three sovereigns in the morning when we went out—he changed one, and he had two sovereigns and three half-crowns, or more left.





JAMES DAWE
. I am a policeman. I took hold of the prisoner near the Green Man—he asked me what I wanted him for—I said, "For felony"—he said, "What felony?"—I said, "For robbing Cull"—he said it was no such thing—coming up to the Green Man, he said, "There is a person in here, that can satisfy you that what this man says is incorrect"—he then broke from me, and went into the house—I was not strong at that time; indeed, I am under the doctor's bands now—I afterwards found him in Hammond-square, behind some bricks—he went from there to Dennis-place—he there struck me, bit my hand, and threw me down—"Now," he said, "you b—y b—r, I have got you, I will serve you out"—I called out, "Murder"—he ran away, and I lost sight of him altogether—I was laid up for ten days in consequence of his violence.

Prisoner. I deny it—I know nothing about it.





WILLIAM HORSNELL
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner, and got him into a cab—he asked how much I wanted him for, for the job at Hoxton—I said, "About 3l."—he said it was false, he had not so much as 3l.—I had a terrible job to take him—he said no two men should take him—I had to call on the landlord of the house to close the door.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor came into the Green Man on this afternoon; a man named Nixon was there, who knew me, and asked me to have a drop of beer; the prosecutor's son asked me if I knew him, I said no; he said, "I know your brother Adam"—he borrowed 10s. of his father, which was spent before they left the house; he went into the tap-room

where there were eight or nine people, and asked them to sing, and gave them drink; he asked me to go with him to the Bridge House, which I did; we then went to the Bell; the son said he was robbed, first, and then the father said so; they were all tipsy, and had been drinking all day; I know nothing of the money.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
