



1426. 




JOHN TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Box, at 

St. Andrew, Holborn, about two in the night of the 
18th of June, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 2 snuff-boxes, value 3l.; 1 table-cloth, 7s.; 2 rings, 1l.; 1 tooth-pick, 2s. 6d.; 2 buckles, 7s. 6d.; 1 knife, 2s.; 1 eye-glass, 1l.; 2 pairs of spectacles, 15s.; 3 watch-keys, 1s.; and 2 brooches, 4s.; his property.






SUSAN BOX. I
 am the wife of Joseph Box, of No. 14, King's-road, Gray's Inn.

On Friday morning, the 19th of June, I went to bed about five minutes to one o'clock—I left all the doors and windows perfectly secure—I was called up by the servant about six, and missed the articles stated in the indictment—the articles produced are my husband's property, and wdre perfectly safe the night before, in the scrutoire drawer, in the parlour—I found the serutoire broken open—the sideboard had a gimblet-hole made in the lock, but it was not open—the street door was found wide opttt—it had been left on the latch at night.





EMMA SEDGE
. I am single, and in the service of Mr. Box. I saw the bouse all safe before I went to bed—I came down stairs a little before six in the morning, and found the street door open—I went into the parlour, and found the drawer open—the window shutters were fastened as before—the kitchen window was open, and the bar down—it was quite safe the night before.





BFWJAMIK ROBERTS
 (policeman.) On Friday, the 26th of June, about two in the morning, I met the prisoner in Norton Falgate—I stopped him, and asked where he was going—he said to get some coffee—I said he looked rather bulky—I searched him, and in his breeches' pockets found three knives, one of which has been identified, and in his coat-pocket a table-cloth—I asked him how he came by them—he hesitated, he at last said they were his own—I took him to the station, and found nine duplicates on him, three relating to the property, for two pairs of spectacles and an eye-glass—I found the remains of a pearl snuff-box which had been lost, in his pocket—I found a gimlet ia his coat-pocket.





JAMES HENRY SILVEY
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a pair of silver spectacles, which correspond with the duplicate produced, and which I gave the person who pawned them.





WILLIAM PECK
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce an eye-glass—I cannot say who pawned ifc—I gave the person one of the duplicates produced.

Prisoner's Defence. The property was only in my possession a few hours before the inspector found me with it; I bought it, duplicates and all.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The prisoner was also charged with a previous conviction, but the officer was not in attendance to prove it.)
