




1686. 



JAMES LOVE



, feloniously stabbing 



Dennis Sullivan, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.






DENNIS SULLIVAN
. I live in King-street, Poplar. I was in the East India-road at a quarter-past nine, on 26th May—the prisoner had hold of a female's arm, and I heard her say, "Let go I—I knew her by her voice turned round, touched the prisoner on the shoulder, and asked him if he knew what he was going after—he said, "Yes"—I turned to the female and asked what he was doing—she said he wanted to take her to Abbot's fields—I turned from her, and lifted my hand up, and the prisoner ran away, and in four or five minutes he came and stabbed me in the bottom of my stomach I cannot tell what with—I was taken to the Hospital, and have been there ever since—I am sure he is the man.

Prisoner. Q. Did you hear me speak to the girl? A. No—I was passing by—you sang out for the Police—I did not seize you by the collarI did not strike you—I did not call you a b----special.





MARY SMITH
. The prisoner asked me if I would go with him for the night—I said, "No"—he said, "You shall go across the field"—I said."I shall not"—he pulled out a knife from his pocket, stabbed Sullivan will it, and made off as quick as he could—I had not seen Sullivan strike him.

Prisoner. You were twenty yards away. Witness. I saw the knife; I was not two yards from you.





EMILY WILSON
. I was passing, between nine and ten o'clock that nig;—the prisoner wanted Smith to go with him—she refused—Sullivan came up, and said, "You unmanly b----r, let the girl alone"—in a few minutes the prisoner came, and said, "You ugly b——r, what did you call 'Police! I for?"—Sullivan called out, "Oh, my God, I am dead! I am murdered!"—I ran after the prisoner, called, "Police!" and begged some one to take Sullivan to a medical man.





JAMES WILLIAM GEORGE
. I was passing Limehouse Church—I saw the prisoner strike Sullivan in the groin—I cannot say what with—some gentleman caught him—he exclaimed, "Oh, my God! he has stabbed me; I am dying!'

Prisoner. Q. You told him to strike me? A. I did not—he did not strike you.





ROBERT HEELIS
. I am a surgeon. Sullivan was brought to me—he bad a wound, which appeared to be caused by a knife, about an inch and a half long—it penetrated the abdomen—it was a dangerous wound—he is ill now.

Prisoner's Defence. The girl asked me to go home; I told her to go on; she would not; I shoved her away; she came again, and I shoved her into the road; I walked away and met Sullivan; he said, "Is that you, you b—y special! I would hammer you;" another man said, "Do the b—y preacher, now is your time;" the woman said, "Do give it him;" he struck me twice; I got away, and called "Police!" they pursued me, and Sullivan, put his hand into my collar, and twisted my neck till I was nearly choked; I begged for mercy, and that he would spare my life—he said, "You b—r, I won't;" I took my knife out, thinking my life was in danger, and told him I would cut his hand if he did not let go my collar; I then drew the knife on his hand, he tried to take it from me, and to knock me down; I got some distance from him, and heard him say, "I am cut," but I thought it was his hand; I don't know how he got cut.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

