



2148. 




JEREMIAH DRISCOLL
 was indicted

 for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



John Sullivan, on the 
15th of August, and cutting and wounding him in and upon the left side of the neck and left cheek, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.






JOHN SULLIVAN
. I am a labourer, and live at No. 1, Burford's-court—the prisoner lives at No. 6, in the same court, and a man named Timothy Driscoll, also—I do not know that he is related to the prisoner—last Sunday week I went to Timothy Driscoll's, between twelve and one o'clock at night—he is my wife's first cousin—I was not paid my wages till eleven o'clock—I found the prisoner and him there, and both their wives—we had some beer there—I had some—I and the prisoner talked about scholarship—he was talking about a brother of mine—I said my brother was five years at school, and learnt nothing—the prisoner said all the scholarship my brother learnt was from Mr. Townsend, who was a gentleman in Ireland my brother lived with—I said, "Mr. Townsend never sent for my brother to

send him to school"—the prisoner then called me a liar, I believe—I took my band up, with my fist closed, and was going to strike him, but his wife up and shoved me down—she was standing close by me, on the second step of the stairs—she shoved me down on a bed which was lying down, and as soon as I recovered myself, and got up, the prisoner came, and cat my throat—I did not see any thing in his hand, because he stood so high, and his wife was between him and me—I very nearly bled to death—I did not faint away, or lose my senses—I got just outside the door, and got to my own place—I went to catch bold of him after I was struck, to see what he had in his hand, but he went up stairs directly—he lives in the top room—I got out, and got home—the doctor was sent for—I did not fall against any glass—when I went towards the stairs, to lay hold of him, his wife and another laid hold of me, and they shoved my arm through the window —I am sure the window did not cut my head, it was done before.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How far is, the window from the bed? A. About four feet—I am sure it was after I had been cut that my arm went through the window—the cut was behind my ear—when the prisoner's wife shoved me down, she pushed me by my breast—I was thrown down sideways on the bed—there was beer on the table when I went there—there was no bread and cheese—they were not eating any thing—I eat nothing in the house—there was nobody in bed—Catherine Donovan was there—she lives in the middle room—she is not here—she is Timothy Driscoll's wife, not my brother's wife—there are two Mrs. Driscolls—I cannot say whether Catherine is the wife of the prisoner or Timothy—both the wives were present—neither of them were in bed at the time—the bed was only kid down—the prisoner and I come from the same county in Ireland—I have known him since I have been a child—I did not know the prisoner was in the house when I went there—it was Timothy I went to gossip with—I was quite sober when I went—I had received my wages at a public-house, and had a pint or two of beer—I had no gin —I had been at the house about half-an-hour before we began to talk about the scholarship—I drank two tumblers of beer there—there were not above two pots.

COURT. Q. What do you labour at? A. I was a navigator—we sometimes get paid as late as eleven o'clock, and at public-houses.





MARY DRISCOLL
. I am the wife of John Driscoll. I am no relation to the prisoner—I live in the same court—I know Sullivan and his wife—we are old friends—on the night in question I heard his wife call out "Murder!"—I went in, and found Sullivan bleeding—he appeared to be sober—I sent for Mr. Tatham, the doctor—I was at the Thames Police office, and heard the prisoner say to his wife, that he hoped he should get over it, as he had the misfortune of doing it, but he would make some of the b—s swing the rope.





JOHN WELSH
. I am a policeman. I was in Burford's-court on the night in question—I went up stairs to where Sullivan lived, and saw John Sullivan sitting on the bed, bleeding—I came down stairs, made inquiry, and went to the prisoner's room, at No. 6—I found him standing up, with this piece of iron in his hand—I said, "You are my prisoner"—he said, "Very well; whatever was done to Sullivan, I done it"—he was sober—I searched him, but found no knife in his possession—I did not search the premises—I saw Wood on the floor of Timothy's room, down stairs.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not appear as if he had been drinking?


A. No, he did not—I did not sec the signs of any liquor on him—he was sober—he might have been drinking, I cannot say—he appeared to be sober, not to have been drinking—he made no resistance.





CHRISTOPHER TATHAM
. I am a surgeon. I was called in to see Sullivan on the 15th of August, about three o'clock in the morning, at Burford's court—I found him seated on a chair in his house—he appeared to be very much excited—a wound was inflicted on the left side of the neck, five inches long, about half an inch below the ear, extending from the side of the neck on to the cheek—it was more than one inch in depth—there had been considerable hemorrhage, from the appearance on his clothes; but when I arrived it had ceased—he appeared considerably excited, as if he had been taking liquor, I should think beer—I did not smell any spirits—he was not intoxicated—he was quite capable of knowing what he said and did—he appeared to be agitated by passion—I dressed the wound, which had extended through the carotid glands under the ear, and the external carotid artery was laid bare, but not divided; if it had been, I consider he would have been dead before I could have arrived—he has been under my care ever since—there is now every appearance of his doing well—I should say decidedly it was what is termed an incised wound, such as a knife or razor, or some sharp-cutting instrument would make—it could not hare been inflicted by any thing else—it was quite a clean cut; the edge was not jagged at all—I put four sutures into the wound.

Cross-examined. Q. Might not that wound have been caused by a broken piece of glass, if he was thrown violently on it? A. No; I do not think it could—a wound of that description could not be inflicted by a point of glass—if the edge of the glass against which he was pushed was proportionate to the length of the wound, that might account for the appearance.

COURT. Q. Would it have done so if the edge of the glass was of the common thickness of a pane of glass, or must it be sharper than that? A. I do not think a piece of glass would have cut the wound so clean, the edge would be more ragged, and I should have found some small pieces of glass adhering to the edge—I should say if the prosecutor had fallen down on glass in that position, it might have produced that wound, but not by falling against a pane of glass in a window.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
