




2119. 




WILLIAM POPE
 and 




THOMAS NEALE



, stealing 1 truck, value 30s.; the goods of 



Charles Prescott; Neale having been before convicted.






ALFRED FRANKLYN
. I live in Victory-row, Stepney. I hired a truck of Mr. Prescott—I left it fast to another truck at my door, on 24th Aug.—I missed it next morning.





CHARLES CARLEY
. I live opposite Mr. Franklyn. On 25th Aug., I was looking out of the window, at five minutes past six in the morning—I saw a person like Neale cut the string of the truck—Pope wheeled it away.





JOHN RINGROVE
. I live in Grove-road, Bethnal-green. I know Mr. Prescott's truck—on 25th Aug., I saw Pope go past our door with it between Six and seven.





JOHN NEWELL
 (policeman, N 102). On 1st Sept., between six and seven in the evening, I met Neale riding on the truck in question—I took him to

the station—he was not identified—I sent the truck home by his brother—it had on it "Thomas Neale, 15, Bath-street"—it has been altered and fresh lined, and there were new works on it—I told him I took him on a charge of stealing a truck with Pope—he said he had not seen Pope for some time, I think he said three months—he said he had built it a month ago at Mr. Norris—I went there and found it was incorrect.





CHARLES PRESCOTT
. This truck is mine—it has the name of Neale on it—it has been altered, the top taken off and shafts put to it for a donkey—there is a mark on it now which I put on it myself, and there is a split in the block under the spring that was on it when I lent it to Franklin.





GEORGE NEWBERRY
. I made this truck for Prescott—I am quite sure it is the same—I know my own work, and everything about it—the handles have been scalloped out, and shafts put over them.

Neale. It is one of my own make; one side is thicker than the other; there is no mark about it except where it is ground by the wheels.





JOHN NEWELL

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Neale's convistion—(read—Convicted June, 1847. having been before convicted; Confined one year)—he is the person.
(Pope received a good character).

POPE—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Six Months.
NEALE—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

