




472. 




THOMAS KNIGHT
 and 




THOMAS SMITH
 were indicted for

 stealing 5 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; the goods of 



William Henry Mills and another; and that Knight had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM HENRY MILLS
. I live in Edgware-road, and have one partner. At half-past five o'clock on the 27th of Dec. I received information, and missed five handkerchiefs—these two were brought back—I can swear they are mine—I had seen them hanging on the door-post five minutes before.





CHARLES DEAN
. I live in Bury-place. I was in Edgware-road on this evening, and saw two boys run away from the prosecutor's shop—Smith wai one—I ran and caught him—I asked what he had taken—he said, "Nothing"—he dropped a handkerchief—I said I would take him to Mr. Mills—the policeman came up, and he dropped another—the policeman took him.





MICHAEL CUSACK
 (police-constable D 60.) I was on duty—Mr. Mills gave me information—I went into Chapel-street, and saw Smith coming towards me—Dean had hold of him—Smith dropped a handkerchief—another boy standing by took it up and gave it to me.





JOHN THRUSSELL
 (police-constable D 168.) About half-past five o'clock Cusack gave me information—he had got Smith—I had seen Knight and Smith together about half-past five—I went to Knight's lodging, and found him in bed—I said, "I want you"—he said, "What for? "—I said, "For a robbery at Mr. Mills's of the silk handkerchiefs "—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I said, "You must get up," which he did—I then found this handkerchief round his body.

Knight. I had had it a long time.





WILLIAM HENRY MILLS

re-examined. This is one of my handkerchiefs, and one I lost that evening—he might have had it an hour or an hour and a half.






JOHN THRUSSELL

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Knight's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he if the person.

KNIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 12.





Transported for Seven Years.—Penitentiary.

