



1941. 




THOMAS KIRBY
 was again indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
1st of April, of an evil-disposed person, 361bs. weight of worsted, value 3l.; 360 sheets of wadding, value 2l. 16s.; 576 yards of wire ribbon, value 5s. 4d.; 860 yards of stay-binding, value 8s. 3d.; 596 pieces of tape, value 34l.; 34 pairs of gloves, value 2l. 8s.; and 25 gross of buttons, value 2l. 10s.; the goods of 



William Hutchinson; well knowing them to have been stolen.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Abraham George.



MESSRS. RYLAND
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK PIGGOTT
. I am in the service of Leaf and Company, of Old Change, London. William Hutchinson, of Reading, is a customer of my master's—I received an order for goods on the 30th of March, to be sent to Mr. Hutchinson—I selected a part of the goods, three dozen balls of worsted, thirty dozen of wadding, and twenty or thirty gross of ribbon wire, some tape, stay-binding, and some gloves—I took them to the order-room, to be entered in the journal—Mordant was engaged in the order-room—it was his duty to enter them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you venture to swear positively to these things? A. Certainly not—Leaf and Co. are in a large way of business—they have bought stocks in cases of bankruptcy.





WILLIAM MORANT
. I am in the service of Leaf and Co.—I remember an order for goods from Mr. Hutchinson, of Reading—some goods were brought me by Piggott—I called them over to the clerk of the books, and delivered them to Swamell the packer.





EDWIN FREDERICK WINSTON
. I am in the service of Leaf and Co. I was at that time clerk of the books—I remember entering this order—I saw no more of the goods after they had been sold and entered.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you recollect anything of the order, or do you only find there are entries in the book made by yourself? A. Yes.





HENRY SWAMELL
. I am packer in this establishment. I received from Morant a parcel of goods for Hutchinson—I put it into a wrapper, and directed it for "William Hutchinson, Reading"—it was delivered to Virgin, the carman, to be taken to Gerard's Hall.





WILLIAM VIRGIN
. I am carman to Leaf and Co. I received a packet addressed to Hutchinson, at Reading, from Swamell, on the 30th of March—I took it to the office at Gerrard's Hall, and left it there.





JONAS CHBNY
. I am porter at the wagon-office at Gerrard's Hall. On the 30th of March I received a package addressed to "William Hutchinson, Reading"—I weighed it on the 31st of March, saw it loaded on the wagon, and helped to bind it—the wagon started for Reading about three o'clock in the afternoon—the package was in it then.





THOMAS SHEPHERD
. I am wagoner for Reading. On the 31st of March I saw a truss safe in the wagon to go to Reading—I cannot read—it was placed on the corner behind, and was fastened with a rope—I met somebody near Cranford-bridge, I asked for a light, and then missed the package, which was safe when I went out of Brentford.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How many parcels were in the wagon? A. I cannot say.





GEORGE TREW
 (police-constable H 125.) I went to the prisoner's premises on the 5th of May, at half-past nine o'clock, and took him—I searched the premises in his presence, and found thirty dozen of wadding under the counter—I asked how he got it—he said he bought it of a man who had lately gone out of business—I asked who the man was—he said I was no Magistrate, he should not answer that question—some of the policemen remained on the premises for nine days—I was thereon the 10th of May—I continued searching, and found some wire-ribbon, some gloves, and some other things—I have had them in my possession ever since.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you not take possessipn of the house itself? A. Yes, by the direction of Mr. Lewis, the inspector, the shop was shut up—the prisoner's wife was there on the 5th—I do not

know whether she was on the 10th—there were two men there at night, and two in the day—I did not take the key of the house—I do not believe the key was taken.





WILLIAM THOMAS ARTHUR
 (police-constable R 202.) I was at the search on the 10th—I found six bags of worsted-balls, thirty-six roll of stay-binding, and fifty-eight packets of tape.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you sleep in the house? A. No—I cannot say that the key was taken.





FREDERICK PIGGOTT

re-examined. This tape docs not tally in quantity with what I put up—I put up between fifty and seventy dozen—between fifty and sixty are found—they are the same Nos. and description—the wadding is the same in quality and description and number—there were large and small put up for Hutchinson—these bills of worsted are of the same make, and the same sort of goods, and one of the bags is numbered with a "3," which is the same writing as we usually have in our stock, but they come ready written—these balls are about the same quantity.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. With all that, you do not swear to them? A. I do not—we send out enormous packages of these goods.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—



Transported for Fourteen Years.
(There were four other indictments against the prisoner.)
