



2185. 




JOHN CALLOWAY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of June, 70lbs. weight of rope, value 10s.; the goods of the 

General Steam Navigation Company, in a certain boat, on a certain navigable river called the 
Thames: and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN FRIEND
. I am in the employ of the General Steam Navigation Company; when their vessels are not in use they lie at Deptford—on the 27th of June the City of London steam-boat laid there—that is one of their veesels—she left her moorings to go to London-bridge, and the springs with which she was fastened were hauled over the side of the vessel to Gifford, who was in a small boat—I then went from the Rainbow steam-boat, where I was, to the Little Western, and while there I could see the boat in which the springs were—I saw the prisoner in a boat by himself, in the act of taking the springs out of that boat of ours into his own boat—after he had helped himself to these springs, he made the best of his way into the middle of the river, and went with the tide—I got into a boat and followed him; but I had only one scull, and he had two—I kept him in sight, and sculled after him till I got to Elephant stairs—I then shoved in, and gave information to the Thames police—I staid on shore—they pulled after him, and took him, in my sight, in his boat—I saw the springs in possession of the police—they were the property of the company, and the same I saw passed out of the City of London.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. The Rainbow is a large vessel, is it not? A. Yes, and the springs were fastened from that to the City of London—the Little Western was about 300 yards behind the Rainbow—I could see the prisoner take the springs—I was from 200 to 300 yards from him—it was about ten minutes before nine o'clock in the morning—I was about 1200

yards from the prisoner when I started—I occasionally got nearer to him—I should think it was a mile and three quarters from the Rainbow where the police stopped him—there were steam-boats going by, but the prisoner and I kept in the centre of the river—I never once lost sight of him till he was taken—the river was very clear—I can swear the prisoner is the man—I saw him alongside—I did not see him row the boat there—I know these springs by the splicing of them—I stood close to the springs when they were passed over the bows of the City of London—they are worth about 10s.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. I had never seen him to my knowledge—when I saw a man in the boat taking the springs into his boat I could see it was the prisoner, and I never lost sight of his boat till he was taken—the tide was flowing towards London, and we were both in the middle of the stream.

JURY. Q. Supposing you had not pursued and seen him taken, but had only seen him here, could you swear that he was the man? A. I could.





JOHN JAMES JONES
. (Thames police-constable, No. 6.) On the morning of the 27th of June, Friend gave me information, and pointed the prisoner out to me—I went after him, stopped his boat, and found these springs in the stern of it—I told him I took him about these ropes—he said, "Where was the man that gave charge?"—I said there he was—he said what had he done—I said, "About the ropes"—he seemed to be astonished—he was rowing towards London, and had his sleeves tucked up.





ALEXANDER GIFFORD
. I am in the employ of the General Steam Packet Company. On the morning of the 27th of June the City of London came up from her moorings to take in her passengers—when she left her moorings I passed her springs into a little boat belonging to the company—I have every reason to believe that these are the springs—I did not notice them particularly—I handled them in putting them over, and in unmooring the ship—they bear every appearance of being the same.





JOHN FRIEND

re-examined. Q. Had your attention been at any time directed to these springs? A. No further than when they were passed over the bows, a remark was made by the second mate, and I noticed the number of splices in the springs—I could not say how many there were, but there were three or four, or more—I know that springs of this number and description, which ought to be there, are missing.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you know that any are missing? A. By the number of them—they were in my charge—I was in the same boat where they were.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you the charge of the three vessels, the Little Western, the City of London, and the Rainbow? A. Yes, and I miss springs from the quantity given into my care, of the number and description of these—I have no doubt whatever that these are the springs handed over the side of the vessel that morning—I cannot positively sweat, but I have every reason to believe they are the same.





JOSEPH JOHN LEWIS
 (Thames police-inspector.) I was at the station when the prisoner was brought there—I had known him before—I said to him, "What, you are here again?"—he said, "It is all up with me this time," or "all done," I do not know which—he was in the lock-up place.





JOSEPH JOHN LEWIS
. I product a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the same person who was then convicted of stealing rope from the same vessel.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.

