




1790. 




HENRY KING
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Edwards Pollett, about eleven in the night of the 
7th of June, at 
St. Pancras, with intent to steal and stealing therein 15 forks, value 2l.; 5 spoons, value 16s.; 1 skewer, value 2s.; 1 fish-slice, value 5s.; 1 ladle, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1d.; and 1 watch, value 1l., his goods.





MARY ELIZA POLLETT
. I am the wife of Samuel Edwards Pollett—we lodge at No. 9, Church-row, St. Pancras—the landlord does not live in the house—it is let out in lodgings—we have the two parlours and a kitchen—on the afternoon of the 7th of June I went out about two o'clock—I left my room locked, and the outer door shut—each lodger has a key of that outer door—I returned about a quarter to eleven with my sister—I found the outer door shut—I opened it with my key—I then went to open my parlour door—my sister heard some one come one of the back parlour door—she did not speak at the moment, but afterwards she said, "Who is it?"—a man answered, "Don't be alarmed, don't you know me?"—it was an entirely strange voice to me—I did not see anybody, on account of the darkness—some one pushed up against us—that person appeared to come out of the back room, but I cannot swear to that because I did not see him—we were going into the front room—the back room door had been locked when I left it—the person pushed against me, and immediately opened the street door, went down the steps and made his escape—it was a man—there is a gas-light near the outer door—that did not enable me to see the man's face sufficient to enable me to swear to him—I saw something of him—I immediately made an alarm, and cried, "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner in custody in about half an hour—I went into my room immediately, and found all the drawers had been turned out, and the property stated gone—other things were also moved from when I had left them—I found a candle on the drawers, it had been lighted—it was out then—I had not left it there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You had not opened the front parlour when the party passed you? A. No—I was in the act of unlocking the door—we had no candle—the gas-light is on the opposite side of the street, not on our side—the two parlours communicate with each other internally—there is a door into the passage, and also a door into the front-room—I had not locked the door between the parlours—I am certain that I had locked the other door—when I returned the door was open—the street is about the width from me to his Lordship—the landlord's name is Henley—he does not occupy any portion of the house—I believe there are two persons lodging in the house, but I do not know exactly.





SARAH ANN WILLIAMS COTSFORD
. I was with my sister. On entering the house we were in the dark—as my sister was going to open the front parlour door, I heard some one open the back-parlour door, and felt some one's hands on my shoulders—I said, "Who is it?"—a man's voice answered, "Don't be alarmed, don't you know me?"—be went and opened the street door, and walked down the steps—I saw him by the gas-light that is opposite, so that I should know him again—I saw the prisoner in custody in about half an hour—he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to speak with any degree of certainty to him? A. Yes—I saw him going down the steps—he did not run down the steps—he had to open the gate in front—there is a garden in front—the house is not quite so far from the gate as the length of the Jury-box—the gas-light is right facing the house—I cannot tell how long he was in my sight—I had never seen him before.

COURT. Q. Did the gas-light afford you the means of seeing his face?


A. Yes—when I saw him at the station, about a quarter of an hour after, I had no doubt of his being the person.





JOHN MARSHALL
. I live about fifty yards from Mrs. Pollett. On the 7th of June I was standing at my door, and hearing a cry of "Stop thief," I looked, and saw the prisoner creeping under the palings—I caught hold of him—he was coming against our house from Mrs. Pollett's—he pushed me on one side, and at the same time dropped bundle from under his arm—I heard a sound in the bundle like plate—I picked it up, and ran after him—I caught him again between Parry-street and Paul-street—I had not lost sight of him—he made a hit of a stop, and knocked me down, saying, "You b—, what do you want?"—I got up again, ran after him again, and came in sight of a policeman, who took him—I never lost sight of him—he was taken to the station—I took the bundle—I had it in my hand when I run after him—I took it home, and afterwards gave it to the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. At what time did this take place? A. A quarter to eleven o'clock—it was a moon-light night—I am quite sore about that—I am certain of the prisoner—I was about three yards from him during the time I ran after him—he had got about fifty yards when I took him the second time—there were two persons running at the time—some man with his coat off was running after the prisoner—I am quite sure I never lost sight of him.





WILLIAM HONEY
 (police-constable S 158.) About eleven o'clock on Tuesday evening I was on duty in Brewer-street, Somers-town—I heard a cry of "stop thief," and saw people running in the direction of Pancras-road—I immediately ran down myself, and in about three or four minutes I came up with the prisoner—Marshall had got hold of him, and said he had been and stolen a quantity of plate—the bundle was afterwards delivered to me—I took him to the station—this chisel was given to me by the prosecutrix, with a lucifer-box—I afterwards went and examined the door, but found no mark—there were marks on the drawers.





JOHN WALTERS
. About eleven o'clock I was standing outside my house, about 150 or 200 yards from Mrs. Pollett's, and heard a cry of "Stop thief—I looked down towards Mrs. Pollett's, and saw two men running up the road—as the foremost man came up to me, another man tried to stop him, and the man running foremost made a blow at the man who was going to stop him—just at that time I heard something drop and rattle on the ground—after the man was taken, I was out in the road, and picked up a watch, about five yards from the spot where I saw the blow made—I gave it to the policeman—I am not able to say whether the prisoner is the man.

MRS. POLLETT
re-examined. I cannot swear to the plate—there is no nark on it—I lost such, and believe it to be mine—the watch also I belive to be mine, but there is nothing I can swear to it by, no maker's name; or any thing—I lost such a watch—there were fifteen forks lost—there are fifteen here, also a fish-slice, four or five spoons, a ladle, and a handkerchief—I believe the handkerchief to be mine.

Cross-examined. Q. There is no mark on any of the articles by which you can undertake to swear to them? A. No—they are such as I lost—there was no appearance of violence on the back-parlour door—it must have been entered by a key—I found this chisel on the bed next morning——this lucifer-box I found on the floor.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—



Transported for Life.
