




2135. 



GEORGE EDWARDS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Gilbart, about ten o'clock in the night of the 
11th of August, at 
St. Marylebone, with intent to steal; and. that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






MICAIAH READ
 (police-constable E 30.) At a quarter past eleven o'clock, on the night of the 11th of August, I was on duty on the prosecutor's premises, sitting behind a screen in the shop, with some coats hanging over it—I saw the prisoner and another man come to the back of the folding-doors—the other had a light—he tried to open the doors with keys for a quarter of an hour—he broke them open, and they came in—the prisoner said, "It is all right"—they came past me, and went to the door that leads to Oxford-street—his companion turned, and saw me—I got up, and seized his companion—the prisoner seized me by—, and pinched, and struck me—I let go of the other, and seized the prisoner—the other then went back to the other door, and was going out—the prisoner called out, "Come back, there is only one of them"—I felt something drawn across my hand, and found afterwards that my little finger was cut—I got to the door in Oxford-street, got a policeman, and took the prisoner—we found on him a bundle of skeleton-keys, and two of them open the door in Turk's Head-yard, which leads to the back of the premises—I had examined the doors at nine o'clock, when I went there, and they were all right.





JOSEPH SMITH
 (police-constable E 136.) I was on duty, and was called by Read—I took the prisoner to the station—I can prove that the door in Turk's Head-yard was quite safe at ten o'clock.





WILLIAM GILBART
. I am owner of the house No. 86, Oxford-street, in the parish of St. Marylebone—a daughter of mine resides on the premises, and two lodgers—it is my own house—the lodgens pay rent to me.





JOHN SIMS HANCOCK
 (police-sergeant E 12.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

