



2468. 




WILLIAM BATES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of September, at 
St. Marylebone, 2 bags, value 6d.; 80 sovereigns, 60 half-soveveigns, 20 half-crowns, 70 shillings, 30 sixpences, 20 groats, 6 5l. notes, I order for the payment of 15l. 18s. 10d., and 1 order for 15l. 6s. 2d.; the property of 



Edward Scotchman, his master, in his dwelling-house.


MESSRS. ADOLPHUS
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD SCOTCHMAN
. I keep the Crown public-house in Henry-street, Portland-town—the prisoner was my pot-man. On Friday morning, the 18th of September, I came down stairs a little before six o'clock—I placed two bags on the bar parlour table—one contained five or six 5l. Bank of England notes, a cheque for 15l. 6s. 2d., another for 15l. 18s. 10d., and some gold; and the other contained silver—I then opened my house—I saw the prisoner about ten minutes after I had done so—he did not sleep in the house—he came and opened the tap-room door, then went and opened the back yard door—he then went into the kitchen, I believe, for the knives—there is an entrance out of the kitchen into the bar-parlour, the door of which was open, and he could see the bags from the position in which he was—he then came and ordered some gin for the men who were at work in the sewer—I put some gin into a bottle—he then ordered half a pint of rum—I washed a bottle to put the rum into, and while doing that, the prisoner went towards the kitchen again—he was gone about a minute—I could not see whether he went into the kitchen or not that time, I had seen him go in before, when he went for the knives—I saw him in the kitchen—I was in the bar-parlour at the time, and the bags were then on the bar-parlour table—he could see the bags from the kitchen—when he went towards the kitchen the second time, I had not sent him there—I was at the counter at that time, washing the bottles, and was not in a position to see whether he went into the kitchen—he had time between that and his return, to go into the bar-parlour—when he came back he told me to put another half-pint of rum into the bottle, and make it up to a pint—I did so, and placed the bottles on the counter at the bar—he then said, "I want half a quartern of brandy for myself, for I have been ill all night, and I am all of a shake now"—he appeared to be so, but when I saw him first in the morning, I did not perceive any thing the matter with him—he appeared to be as usual—while serving him with the brandy, I heard footsteps, and saw a man go out of the street door leading to the bar—the prisoner was at that time in front of the bar, drinking the brandy—I said, "Who is that man? I saw no one come in"—he said, "I don't know who it is, I saw nobody come in"—he then went out with the bottles

and liquor—I shortly afterwards returned into the bar-parlour, and found the bags and money gone—I informed some policemen—I did not make any charge against the prisoner that day—he came back in about half an hour, to the best of my belief—I said, the man who had gone out had robbed me of my money, and asked him if he knew any thing about it—he said "No"—I asked him nothing more about it till next day—he said he knew nothing of it—I then gave him in charge, and said, "William, I give you in charge on suspicion of being concerned in the robbery"—he said very well, he was willing to go—the policeman was there at the time—on Tuesday evening, the 23rd of September, John Burnham came to me, in consequence of which, I sent for sergeant Taylor—Burnham then produced a bag containing 80l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns—the bag was dirty, and bad earth on it—it was not one in which my money had been—the money was counted over by Taylor, returned into the bag again, and given to Burnham—Taylor followed Burnham out, and in two or three minutes I also followed them to the parlour of the New Inn—I there saw the prisoner, Burnham, Taylor, and Newton, the landlord, and the same bag of gold was on the table—when I went in, the prisoner made an attempt to escape out of the door—I stood at the door, and prevented him, and said, "Let us have none of your nonsense, or I will floor you"—there was upwards of 100l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns in one of the bags I lost.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you in the habit of taking these bags down every morning? A. I was—there were two or three persons came to the front of the bar about the time the money was taken, and had a penny-worth or two of gin, but they went out at the same door they came in at—I did not send the prisoner to see if he could detect the thief—he volunteered to go, and I permitted him—he was taken before Mr. Rawlinson, the Magistrate, on Saturday—he underwent an examination there, and was discharged—he was taken up again on Tuesday, the 22nd—he was not in custody on Sunday or Monday—he had that time to escape, if he liked—there is a glass-door to the bar-parlour—it had curtains to it, which were closed—I consideredthe bag safer below stairs than up stairs—I discharged the prisoner on the Saturday, after he came from the office—I told him he was no longer my servant, and as soon as I had a settling with him I should discharge him—I owed him eight weeks' wages, and he owed me 10l., and on Monday evening he, and a person named Huxton, I believe, who called himself his legal adviser, served me with a writ for trespass for taking him up—the 10l. he owed me was for beer which he took our, and for which he was answerable—I allowed him 1/2 d. a pot for what he took out—there was no final settlement between us—I said, when he served this writ on me, if he would settle with me I was willing to pay him his wages—I have known Burnham ever since I have been in that house, which is twelve months—he is in the habit of coming to my house—I know his brother—he is at work there at the sewer—I left him there this morning—I never knew more than one brother—they were both in the habit of coming to my house.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When the prisoner was first taken before Mr. Raw-linson, and discharged, had you any witness there besides yourself? A. Only Mr. Craig, who went with him in search of the man, no one else—there was nothing in his employment with me to give him possession of 80l.—I believe Burnham is a ground-digger.

COURT. Q. You say you saw a man going out of the street-door; was

he going as from the kitchen which leads to the bar-parlour? A. Yes he was—I only saw the man's side-face—it was not either of the Burnhams—I saw enough of him to know that—probably two minutes had elapsed from the prisoner going away from me towards the kitchen, and the man's going out—I was at the bar at the time, and the prisoner stood facing me, drinking the brandy—the man did not pass through the bar, but through the passage—there is an entrance out of the passage into the bar—I saw him through that entrance, as he was passing out at the door—I could not see whether he had been in the kitchen or not, he was passing from the direction of the kitchen.





JOHN BURNHAM
. I am a labourer. I have known the prisoner about twenty years. On the morning of the 22nd of September I saw him, about half-past eight o'clock, going up Henry-street, Portland-town—he was alone—I told him there was a man taken up on suspicion of Mr. Scotchman's robbery, and I and my brother were going down to the office to see if we knew him—he said he would go with us—he went with us with his entire own will, and we looked at the man—he saw the man in custody, and he said that was not the man, he was not big enough—he went away immediately—I and my brother stopped at the office, and heard the man's examination, and then returned home—after dinner I was going up Henry-street towards Mr. Scotchman's again, and met a man—in consequence of what he said to me I went to the Swiss tavern, and saw Bates—I told him I had come there, as he had sent for me by that man—he asked me, what news—I told him, "Very bad"—I then asked him to come outside, and I said, "Billy, what made you go away so soon from the office without telling us?"—he said, because he could not stop, for that young man that he had seen at the office was one out of the two—he said that young man was standing at the bar having a pint of beer, while there was another taking the bag with 8l. of silver in it—I asked him what had become of the other—he said, "That is my business"—I said, "Billy, this will all be found out, for you are concerned in it"—he said, "I know I am, but it can't be found out, for I had none of the silver, and nobody saw me take the other; there is nobody can come it on me; and what I have got I have put away, so as I can get a little at a time, as I want it"—I asked him what had become of the notes and cheques—he said he had burnt them—we than went inside, and he gave me a sovereign to pay for 1s. worth of brandy and a pot of half-and-half—it came to 18d.—I returned him 18s. 6d.—we then went across the fields to Hampstead, and in coming home he gave me 2s. 6d. to get some steak, and told me to get them cooked—I did so—there was a mistake made in the house, too, and he did not come to the house that I got them cooked at—I went outside, but could not see him—I saw his brother, and by his direction I went to another public-house, the New Inn, where he was sitting up in a room by himself—I told him I thought it was very foolish of him sitting there spending his money, and being in a house that he was not in the habit of using—his brother said he thought it was very foolish of him too—I and the prisoner then came away, and went into the fields—I asked him where he was going—he said he did not know where to go—we went across the fields to Chalk-farm, and there we had a small glass of brandy each, and he had a loaf or biscuit and cheese—we then came out again—I said, "Billy, this will all be found out, and you will get transported"—I then asked him how much of the money he had got—he said he had got about 80l. or 90l.—I told him I thought the best thing would

be to tell me where it was, or give it to me, that I might take it to Mr. Scotchman, for I thought he would rather have that than transport him—he burst into tears, and said, "Oh, my dear children!"—we then went across the fields home, and into his garden—he stooped down, and took a bag out of the earth with his hands—I could not see whether it was covered, at it was dark—we then went into the brick-field—I told him to count it to me, so that he might not say he gave me more than I gave Mr. Scotchman—he counted it over to me, to the amount of 80l. in sovereigns, end half-sovereigns—I told him if Mr. Scotchman would not consent to take it I would return back to him with it—he then proposed where we should meet after I had been to Mr. Scotchman—I said, "At the New Inn"—that was where I went to him when he was alone—I went to Mr. Scotchman with the money, and saw him—I told him something—he fetched Taylor, the policeman, and I produced the bag in their presence—Taylor counted it, and it was put into the bag again—I took possession of it by Taylor's instruction, and went to Bates at the parlour of the New Inn—I went in alone—Taylor had followed me, and was standing just outside—when I went in I gave Bates the bag again, and told him Mr. Scotchman said he would not have any thing to do with it—I called for a pint of beer, and, in the meantime, in came Taylor—Bates dropped the bag on the floor—Taylor; picked it up, and took Bates into custody—I was examined next morning at Marylebone office, and the prisoner was committed.

Cross-examined. Q. You said to him he would be found out, for he was concerned in it; was it then you first began to suspect he was concerned in it? A. I suspected him in the morning, when I first started with him, finding him more flush of money than usual—he did not say he knew he was concerned in it, but them that took the bag with the silver had not got the gold—he never mentioned gold to me—he said, he could not be found out, for he had none of the silver, and no one saw him take the other—when I told him it was foolish to sit in the public-house alone, where he was not in the habit of going, his brother said, he thought so too, as it would cause people to have suspicion—I had not heard him tell his brother any thing about the robbery—I merely took him to witness my words, that I was noticing him—that was all I heard his brother say—he also said, he thought it looked suspicious of him spending so much money about—I forgot that at first, but I recollect he did say it—when we came, out of Chalk-farm—I said, "Tell me where the money is, or give it to me, for the others will split on you, and you will get transported"—I stated that just now—I mentioned the expression, "the others will split on you"—I work at any kind of labor—I have only one brother, his name is William—he is in England—I have a brother-in-law, named Edward French—I have dealt in watches at any time when I can purchase one worth my money—I have bought four—I buy them to sell again if I can turn any thing by them—I do not deal in oats, only when I buy them for my horse—I have bought oats and chaff mixed of a man named Kent, and outset it in labour—I deal in timber, but very little—I have bought some deals to make a shore, which I have been doing—I have dealt with a man named England, but never bought timber of him—I was never a witness before—I was not a witness in the Lincoln's Inn case—I was here in the gallery and heard it, knowing the young man that was tried for it—he was no fiend of mine, merely an acquaintance—I came to see how it went on—I had known the young man three or four years.


MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You say, his brother said to him, that he would fall into suspicion; at that time was the robbery perfectly known generally? A. It was, all through the neighbourhood, and published in the papers—I was never tried, or charged with any felony in my life, nor had any imputation whatever on me.





JOHN TAYLOR
, (police-sergeant S 17.) On Saturday, the 10th of September, I apprehended the prisoner at his master's house—at the prisoner's request I went and searched his house—I found this silver snuff-box, two sovereigns, and 11s. in silver—he was taken to Marylebone-office, and discharged—on the Tuesday following Mr. Scotchman came to me—I went with him and Burnham to Mr. Scotchman's house, and there I saw this bag of gold produced by Burnham—I counted it—there were 63 sovereigns, and 34 half-sovereigns—I put it into the bag again, gave it to Burnham and Mr. Scotchman and I followed Burnham to the New Inn—Burnham went into the parlour—I stood outside against the parlour-door, waiting for Mr. Scotchman who had not come so quickly—I stood so as to be ready in a moment to go into the room—I could not hear any thing that was said in the parlour—I went in and found Bates and Burnham there—I told Bates I had come to apprehend him again for his master's robbery—he arose from his seat, and something dropped—he wanted to get out, but I stopped him—I picked up the bag of gold close to his feet—it could not have dropped from any one but him, from the way in which they sat—I put it on the table—the landlord came in, and Mr. Scotchman directly after—I found in the prisoner's pocket a half-crown, three shillings, and nine sixpences in silver, and 1s. 9 1/2 d., in copper—he said to me, "It is all up with me now," and he turned round to Burnham and said, "I thought you were ray friend, but now you are my foe"—the money was counted, and was just the same amount as before.
(William Pargeter, tailor, and George Nurton, the prisoner's brothers-in-law; Richard Frost, gardener; John Miller, grocer, Henry-street, Portland-town; Joseph Jowle, shoemaker, 8, William-street, Portland-town; and Joseph West, labourer, William-street, deposed to his good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Third Jury.—Before Mr. Recorder.

