



2380. 




MARY BRIANT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of September, 1 purse, value 6d.; 4 sovereigns, and 1 5l. Bank-note; the property of 



William Brown, from his person.






WILLIAM BROWN
. I am a master-mariner. I came to town on the 3rd of September—I had a purse, containing four sovereigns, and a 5l. note, in my trowsers pocket—I went into a house, and laid down on the bed—a

policeman awoke me, and my purse was gone—I did not see the prisoner that night—I was drunk—I know the purse—I do not know the money—it was secure between eleven and twelve o'clock at night—I next saw the purse about one o'clock the next morning—the policeman showed it me—this now produced is it—the money and note were still in it.





JANE BROWN
. On Friday, the 3rd of September, I was in Ratcliff-high-way, about twelve o'clock, along with another girl—we met the prisoner—she asked us to have a drop of gin—we said we did not mind—she went into the Bull's Head public-house, and called for a quartern and a half of gin—she laid down one shilling, and got 6d. change from the landlord—she came in again, and called for half a pint of gin, and laid down another shilling—she went to another part of the counter—I heard her talk to the landlady about changing something—I ran down to the landlady of the house where she lived, and asked if the new young girl had any money, or had a friend in bed—she said she had a friend in bed—the landlady came, and the prisoner was gone from the Bull's Head—the lady said she had been there to change a note—we ran from there till we found her, in a public-house, and gave her in charge.





REBECCA WILMOTT
. My husband keeps the Bull's Head public-house. The prisoner and two other girls came to the house—they drank at the bar—the prisoner asked me to take care of a little money till the morning—I asked what it was—she said, "Four sovereigns"—on examining the purse I found four sovereigns and a 5l. note—she was not conscious of the note being there till I told her—as soon as I named the 5l. note she snatched the purse from me—she after that came and asked me to change the note, which I declined.





THOMAS ARNOLD
. I am a policeman. I Was on duty in the high-way, about twelve o'clock, on the 3rd of September—I heard a call for police—I went up, and saw Brown, and another woman holding the prisoner—they said she had robbed some sailor of a 5l. note, and chucked the parse into the road—I turned on my light, found the purse, and took the prisoner to the station—I then went to Elbow-lane, Shadwell, and found the prosecutor asleep on the bed, with his trowsers on.





GEORGE WILLIAM GRAVE
 (police-sergeant K 11.) I was at the station when the prisoner was brought—she accused another woman, named Breeson—she said, "You persuaded me to rob the man"—Breeson said, "No, I know nothing about it, but the half-sovereign you brought down; I told you if you wanted to rob the man to keep in your room."

Prisoner's Defence. I took the gentleman home; he gave me no money; the landlady told me to search his pockets, and see what I could find; I found a half-sovereign, which I gave the landlady; she said, "Take that, and plant it under the bed; take his watch, and plant that too;" I said I would have nothing to do with that; I saw his purse and took it; I did not know what was in it, I thought it was four shillings; these girls then came and wanted me to get some things with it; I said no, I would give it to the man in the morning; they then called the police.




GUILTY
 of Stealing, but not from the person. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
