



167. 




CORNELIUS COLLINS
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



William Everest, putting him in fear, and stealing from his person 1 watch, value 7l. 10s.; 1 chain, 16s.; 1 ring, 1l.; 1 key, 2l.; and 1 seal, 2l.; his goods: also beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.






WILLIAM EVEREST
. I live at Lambeth. About half-past nine o'clock, on the night of the 15th of Nov., I was in Tooley-street with my wife, and near the end of the street was knocked down by three or four ruffians with their fists—they pinioned my hands behind me, and the prisoner knocked me down with his fist—I saw him plainly—he looked under my hat a second or so before he struck me under the chin, and with his other hand took my watch, which was in my fob—it was at the London-bridge end of the street—I had a guard to the watch—he broke the swivel—I was senseless for two or three minutes, I believe—he ran away—a gentleman picked me up, and took me to the station—I had passed the prisoner and the other men before I was knocked down—there were three or four of them—I have not seen the watch since—it was gold, with a gold seal and key, and was worth 14l.

Prisoner. At the station he said he did not know who took his watch. Witness. I believe I did say that, but I had not come quite to my senses—I am now quite sure it was he—he was the man in front of me—I bad had a glass or two of rum, but knew what I was about





EMMA EVEREST
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I was with him at the end of Tooley-street—I left my husband's arm, and walked rather before him—I heard his voice, turned back, and saw the prisoner strike him down—I saw something glistening before my eye, and suspected he was robbed—I left my husband on the ground and ran after the prisoner, who ran away—I kept him in sight, but did not quite overtake him—there were two or three others with him—I saw him in custody about half an hour after, at the station-house—I am quite certain he is the person.

Prisoner. She said it was a bigger boy, with white trowsers. Witness. I said a bigger boy must have had the watch, for the prisoner threw it down, and somebody caught it up.





LUCY EDWARDS
. I live at Getting-terrace, Dockhead, Berroondsey. About half-past nine o'clock I was in Tooley-street, and saw the prisoner—I am quite certain of him—I saw him knock Mr. Everest down, and snatch something from him which glittered—they all ran away—I saw the prisoner till he was in the constable's hands—I never lost sight of him—he is the man.





SAMUEL CASHMAN
 (policeman.) On the night of the 15th of Nov. I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw the prisoner and three more running—I

stopped the prisoner—he said, "All right, policeman, we are running for a lark"—I took him to the station—he was charged with this, and said he was not the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

