




1039. 




RICHARD MEAD
 and 




JAMES MEAD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
25th of Feb., 8lbs. weight of pork, value 4s., the goods of 




Charles Hobbs; and that 



Richard Mead had been before convicted of felony.






CHARLES HOBBS
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in Sarah-place, Old-street-road. On Saturday evening, the 25th of Feb., I had a leg of pork safe between six and seven o'clock—I afterwards missed it—I saw it next in the hands of Kemp the policeman about a quarter past six o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You took Kemp into custody, did you not? A. I stopped him seeing him in possession of the pork, and then he turned out to be an officer in disguise—this leg of pork is worth 4s.—it was exposed in the window.





HENRY SMITH
. I live in Wellington-street, Kingsland-road. On that Saturday

night I met Kemp—he pointed out three persons to me—Richard Mead was one, the others I cannot swear to—Richard had a basket with him I watched him—he walked up Pitfield-street and back again—he crossed over to Old-street-road, then they went by Mr. Hobbs's shop—Richard had the basket on his left arm, and with his right hand put the pork into it.

Cross-examined. Q. You were a stranger to Kemp? A. No—I know him by living many years in the parish—I know nearly all the police-constables—I do not walk about with them—I have walked about with Kemp when I met him accidentally—I know another policeman named Pretty George—I have gone with him when I met him accidentally—I am a pressman, and work for Mr. Nicholls, of Hoxton-square—I went out to take a walk that night and met Kemp—I was with him about ten minutes altogether—I had been to work that morning—I have walked with Kemp three or four times when he has been in plain clothes—I will swear it was Richard Mead who took the pork—I was ten yards from them—I and the policeman went to the station—I afterwards saw Kemp laid hold of by Mr. Hobbs—I dragged him from Kemp, and then I went home.

COURT. Q. Have you any doubt about Richard's taking the pork? A. Not the least.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) I was on duty in plain clothes in Pitfield-street. I saw James Mead, and I believe Richard, in company with another in Pitfield-street—I watched them, saw them loitering about and followed them—I saw them go to the prosecutor's shop—Richard passed and come back again with his basket—he put his hand on the board, pulled the leg of pork down, and put it into his basket—James was standing about two or three yards from the shop, looking to the shop—James had been with him before for twenty minutes—they then ran up the "Vinegar-ground, and I pursued.

Cross-examined. Q. You are not sure about Richard? A. No—I have known Smith about two years—I have occasionally met him—I have seen Richard before—I took James about two hours after in the Carlisle public-house—Richard came on Monday morning to the station, and then I said to the inspector, "I really believe this is the other"—I did not say I would shove the basket in his eye—I said if he did not go away I should take him—Pretty George was not present at the pork being taken—he knows nothing about it.

MR. PAYNE
called






MARY ANN SCUDDER
. I live in Devonshire-place, Old Nichol-street, Bethnal-green. I know Richard Mead—on Saturday, the 25th of Feb., he came into my house about five—he remained there till half-past seven—he had been to Billingsgate, and was very cold—I told him to sit down, and he had some tea at my house—Elizabeth Carpenter was present—Mrs. Cotton came in about half-past five, while Richard Mead was at tea.

COURT. Q. Are you sure he remained till half-past seven? A. Yes—I remember it, because at half-past seven I went out to ascertain the time, because I had a baby who was ill to take to the doctor's—my husband was there and Carpenter, me, the prisoner, and Cotton—she came in about half-past five and staid about an hour—she did not drink or eat anything—Carpenter drank tea with me, my husband did not drink anything—he was at home, sitting in his own room, which is an adjoining room—I am sure he did not drink tea—the prisoner was doing nothing but sitting in my place and warming himself—he sat by the side of me—I do not recollect what we were talking about—we had bread and butter to eat—Carpenter was sitting at the table with me—the prisoner is no relation of mine—he drank nothing but tea—my husband

was in the room getting his tea—I do not know how many cups he drank—I did not take particular notice—I sat on one side the fire and my husband on the other—the prisoner sat at the table the same side as my husband.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What did you mean by saying your husband was in his own room? A. Mrs. Carpenter's husband was—she lives in the house with me.





ELIZABETH CARPENTER
. My husband works in the docks—I live in Devonshire-place, Old Nichol-street, in the same house as Scudder—on Saturday night, the 25th of Feb., I was in Mrs. Scudder's room from five till half-past seven—my husband was at home in his own room—Richard Mead was at Mrs. Scudder's—we had tea—Cotton was there—Scudder's husband was not at home—I am certain of that.





GEORGE KEMP
. I produce a certificate of Richard Mead's former conviction, which I got from the Sessions House, Clerkenwell—(read.)





PRISCILLA SARAH BARTLETT
. I was present at the trial—the prisoner Richard Mead is the man.

R. MEAD†—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Three Months.


J. MEAD—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Sixth Jury, before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

