




1026. 




HENRY BROWN
 and 




WILLIAM HART
 were indicted for

 assaulting 



Sarah Sherrard, and putting her in fear and danger of her life, and stealing from her person and against her will 1 shawl, value 20s.; and one pair of patterns, 6d., the goods of 



William Sherrard: and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, feloniously beating and striking, and using other personal violence to the said Sarah Sherrard.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SHERRARD
. I am a cow-keeper, and live in Fashion-street, Spitalfields. On Tuesday, the 14th of April, about a quarter to twelve o'clock

at night, I was in Whitechapel-road, on my way home with some relatives, four men came up and pushed against us, and almost knocked us down—the prisoners are two of them—I asked what they did it for—one of the others turned round and struck me a blow in the mouth which knocked me down—he took my umbrella and run away with it—I called for the police—I saw Brown strike my wife in the mouth and knock her down—the blood flowed from her nose and mouth—they escaped—I found my wife without her shawl, bonnet, or patterns—I received information, and went to the King's Arms ptib-lic-house, Whitechapel-road, a short distance from the spot, in about five minutes, and found the two prisoners there with two other men—they were taken into custody—it was Easter Tuesday.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You were returning from Stepney fair I believe? A. No, it was fair time—I have not found any of my property—they were not drunk—one of them did not roll up against my wife—she did not strike one of them with her patterns—my relatives were two females and two males—Whitechapel-road and Mile-end-road are both in a line.

Hart. Q. Did I strike anybody? A. Not that I saw—I am sure you are one of the four.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Were your relatives with you? A. My brother-in-law was walking with me, my wife was about twenty yards behind with the others.





HENRY HART
. I live at No. 12, Quaker-street, Spitalfields, I am a cabinet-maker—I was out walking with Sherrard on this night—four or five young men came up to us—one caught hold of another, and shoved him-against Sherrard, and knocked him down—Sherrard got up, and asked what he did that for—some of them hit him, and knocked him down, while the others hit me, and knocked me the other way—I saw Hart ran tway—he is the only one I can swear to—I saw the direction he took—I followed, and saw them turn into the King's Arms—I waited outside with Sherrard, his wife, and a policeman or two came up—I think there were four persons went into the public-house, but am not certain of the number.

Cross-examined. Q. After shoving you, did not all four walk away? A. Hart run away—I did not see the other four walk—they went away, but Hart ran from me.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you keep sight of them all? A. No—I lost sight of them in the road some time.





SARAH SHERRARD
. I am the first witness' wife, and was walking behind him in the Whitechapel-road—I saw some men come up, and take my husband's umbrella out of his hand—the prisoner Brown struck me several times after that—he struck me in the face with his fist—while he was striking me my shawl was taken off my back, and my patterns were knocked out of my hands—I looked for them afterwards, but they were gone—the shawl was worth 1l. 1s. 6d.—I went with the police to the public-house, and found the prisoners—the prisoner Hart then took me by the hand, and two or three of them said, "Do not press the charge, the things are in a house in Mile-end-road, and we can get them"—I have not seen them since—Hart said this first, and two or three of them repeated it—Brown also said it.

Cross-examined. Q. Dou you mean to say any of them said, the things were in a "house." A. Yes—I will swear Hart mentioned the word "house"—I was examined at the office, and my evidence taken down—I have not talked with Bray since respecting my deposition—he never said anything to me about a house, nor has anybody else—I did not strike anybody with my patterns—I went to strike, but they were knocked out of my hand before I

did—my shawl was pulled off me—while I was being struck, a man in a light coat was scuffling with my husband—when Hart said, "Do not press the charge," I had charged him with ill-using me—he did not say the things were torn off in the scuffle, and left in the road—I looked for them, and could not find them—some people came up afterwards, but not many.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Are you sure the prisoner used the word "house." A. I am—I did not attempt to strike further than to defend myself.





WILLIAM LEE
. I am a weaver, and live in Hart-street, Mile-end. I was one of this party—we were surrounded and attacked by three or four men—the prisoners are two of them—a man named Lloyd was charged, but I could not wear to him—I saw Brown strike Mr. Sherrard and his wife also—her mouth and nose bled—we called "Murder!"—I cannot identify Hart.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not see them go into the public-house? A. No.





WILLIAM ARGENT
 (police-constable H 126.) On the night in question I heard a cry of "Murder!" went to the spot, and saw Mrs. Sherrard bleeding from her nose and mouth—she said she had been struck by some men, and that they had robbed her of her shawl and patterns—I assisted her in looking for the things, but could not find them—I went to the King's Arms in consequence of information, and saw four or five men there—Mrs. Sherrard pointed out Brown as the man who struck her—he replied, he did not strike her, he only pushed her.

Cross-examined. Q. You were examined before the Magistrate; did Mrs. Sherrard say, they had robbed her of her patterns, or that she had lost them? A. That they had robbed her of her shawl and patterns, I am certain of that—she did not use the word lost, the term she used was robbed—I did not use the word lost at the office—this deposition has my handwriting to it—it was read to me, and I was asked if it was true—I have made a great many depositions. (Witness's deposition being read, stated—"She told me she had been struck by some men, and lost her shawl and ")—that is a mistake of the clerk—I did not desire it to be altered when it was read over.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. You have no doubt she said "robbed?" A. None at all.

MR. BALLANTINE
to
SARAH SHERRARD. Q. Is this your deposition? A. Yes—it was read to me, and I put my mark to it—(this being read, stated,—"Hart took my hand, and said, 'Do not press the charge, the things are in Mile-end-road, and we can get them.' ")





HENRY HART

re-examined. This is my signature to this deposition—it was read over to me—(this being read contained the following sentence, "all four walked away, and went into a public-house,")—they all four went away I said, I don't know whether I used the word walked or run—I know Brown made away as quick as he could—I saw the direction he took—I think he ran—I should say walking is a mistake.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Your attention was particularly directed to Hart? A. Yes—what the other four did when I left to look after him, I do not know—I lost sight of them all, but saw Hart and three others going into the public-house.





JOSEPH BRAY
 (police constable H 43.) I went into the King's Arms, and found Brown there—I saw Hart go round behind the table, take the prose-cutrix by the hand, and beg her not to press the charge, that the things were all right at a house in Mile-end-road.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say at a house? A. Yes—I did not hear Mrs. Sherrard give her evidence at the police-court—I heard her deposition read—I did not call her attention to anything about the house—I have not talked to her at all about her deposition.


JURY. Q. Do you know this public-house? A. Yes—it is the resort of thieves and the worst of characters—the license was suspended and transferred to another landlord last licensing-day.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

HART—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Ten Years.

