



886. 




WILLIAM GABLE
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Peter Smith, on the 
30th of January, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, and stealing therein, 10 gowns, value 4l. 15s.; 8 yards of printed cotton, value 13s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief value 6d.; 2 towels, value 2s.; 1 yard of serge, value 1s.; 2 yards of calico, value 1s.; 2 shawls, value 5s.; 2 shifts, value 8s.; 1 pair of earrings, value 1l.; 2 pencil-cases, value 2s.; part of a strainer, value 1s.; 1 vice, value 6d.; 8 pieces of foreign silver coin, value 4s.; 2 shillings, 1 sixpence, 1 token, and 10 pence; the property of 



Rebecca Smith: 2 coats, value 2l. 10s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 30s.; 1 pair of boots, value 8s.; 1 stock, value 7s.; 1 breast-pin, value 10s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of the said 




Peter Smith.






REBECCA SMITH
. I am a widow, and live with my son at No. 9 King-street.

Tyson-street, St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, at times, but on the 30th of January I was at my own house—I had moved my box to his house for safety—it contained a quantity of cotton dresses and the other articles stated in the indictment—I have seen most of them since in the hands of the policeman K 118—seven dresses, some print, shifts, and a silk dress are still missing—my son keeps the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you put the things into the box yourself? A. Yes—I left it at his house four or five months ago—I had the key, and saw the articles safe three weeks before.





PETER SMITH
. I keep the house No. 9, King-street, and am a corkcutter—I let the upper part of the house out. On Sunday evening, the 50th of January, I left home with both my lodgers, about a quarter-past six o'clock as near as I can guess—I double locked the street-door, and took the key with me—when I got a little way from the house one of my lodgers called my attention to a man who was going towards my house, the man appeared the make of the prisoner—I returned home about a quarter after eight o'clock, put the key into the door, and it only turned once—I had double locked it—on opening it I found all the drawers turned out, and the things chucked into the middle of the room—the locks of the drawers were all broken—I went up stairs, and saw my mother's hair trunk drawn from under the bed, broken open, and the things which were left chucked about the room—it was locked before—I missed two coats, two pairs of trowsers, a satin stock, a gold pin, a silk handkerchief from the drawers below, and a pair of boots from the staircase—I have seen my own things in the possession of Mountford.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was you when your lodger called your attention to the man? A. In Tyson-street, which King-street leads into—the person's back was about the same size as the prisoner's.





THOMAS PRETTY
. I am a cork-cutter, and lodge with the prosecutor, I went out with him on Sunday evening, and in Tyson-street met the prisoner going towards King-street—I had seen him before—we were about sixty yards from the house—I had a good view of him when he was coming, and after he got by us I told Smith of it—I lost a stock—I only saw the prisoner once that night—he went right past us—I saw his face coming towards us and passing us, and when he got a few yards from us I turned round and looked at him—I knew him before.

Cross-examined. Q. How soon after you left the house did you leave the prosecutor? A. I left him at eight o'clock, and did not get home till half-past ten—we went to Billingsgate, to see a young fellow we knew, and remained together till we came back to Brown's-lane, leading to Brick-lane—he had about ten minutes' walk to get home then.





MARY LUCAS
. I am the wife of William Lucas, No. 1, King-street, Bethnal-green, eleven doors from the prosecutor's, and in the same line. On Sunday evening, the 30th of January, I went to my door, about twenty minutes after seven o'clock, and saw a female and two men talking in the street—one of the men was the prisoner—he went towards the prosecutor's house—I did not see his face, but he is so much like him—he made a stumble, and his hat fell before he went many steps, and then I saw the back part of him and his head, and he was very much like the prisoner—I afterwards saw a woman come by on the other side of the way—the same woman who had been talking to the prisoner—she came back about twenty minutes after with some things in her hand.


Cross-examined. Q. This is the first time you have said it was the prisoner? A. I said the same as I say now—I said he appeared in stature about the size of the prisoner—I told the Magistrate he had very long hair at the side, just like the prisoner—I did not see his face—I saw the long hair at the side of his face, but not exactly his face—the last witness has long hair, but it is very different to that—I never saw the prisoner before that.





HENRY MANNING
. I am twelve years old, and live at No. 5, King-street. On Sunday night, the 30th of January, I was playing opposite Mr. Smith's house—I saw a man standing at the corner of a court near the house—the prisoner is that man—I observed his face—there was a gas-light right opposite—he had a bundle—it was about half-past seven o'clock—be went up the court, and when he got a little way, he pretended to pick up a stone, and hallooed out, "Bill!"—one of the boys hallooed out, "Father, let us stop a little longer"—I am sure he is the man—I saw his face plainly—the court is two or three yards from Mr. Smith's house.

Cross-examined. Q. What were you about? A. Playing—I had not been to church that night, I went in the morning and afternoon—I never saw the prisoner before—one of my companions called out, "There goes Mr. Smith, he is going to play music at this time of night"—he thought it was Smith, who plays the cornopian—the prisoner pretended to pick up a stone to throw at him—I had the prisoner in view not quite five minutes, it was more than two minutes—my father is a pewterer—I was playing with seven or eight boys—I and two more saw the prisoner—I did not see any other people there.





CHARLES YARWOOD
. I am twelve years old, and live with my sister, at No. 20, King-street. I was playing with Manning, opposite Smith's house—I saw two men come out with a bundle—the prisoner was one of them—I saw the side of his face—the other man was shorter than the prisoner—there is a court at the corner of Mr. Smith's house—both went down the court, turned back, and one of them hallooed out, "Bill," and took up a stone to heave at us.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. My father is traveller for Mr. Parsons—it was I called out, "There goes Mr. Smith to play his music"—I had never seen the prisoner before—I saw his side-face—I had been to church that day.

COURT. Q. Have you any doubt the prisoner is the man? A. I am quite sure of it.





JOHN AYRES
. I am twelve years old, and live in Virginia-row Bethsal-green. I was playing with Manning and Yarwood opposite Mr. Smith's—I saw two men come out of the house—one came out first—the other shut the door after him, and they went up the court—they both had a bundle—the prisoner was one of them—he had a bundle—it was him pulled the door to—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been sure of him? A. Since the night he done it—I told the Magistrate it was a man dressed like the prisoner—I said he was the man—I said it was him—I cannot write—I used to go to school and read "ab" on a card, that is all I learned—I told the Magistrate it was the prisoner, and said he was dressed just like him also—my deposition was read over to me—I did not see his face.

COURT. Q. How were you standing? A. I can tell him by his size and make.






GEORGE MOUNTFORD
 (police-constable K 118.) On Sunday evening, the 30th of January, I was on duty in Pollard's-row, Bethnal-green—I saw two men, with each a bundle under their arms—they turned round by the Hope public-house—I walked after them—they then walked rather fast, and seeing me walk faster they then began to run, and, about 150 yards further, threw their bundles over into the square—I ran against a post, and fell backward—the prisoner is about the same size as one of them—I could not see his face—the other was shorter—I got the bundle—this was eight or nine minutes' walk from the prosecutor's.





WILLIAM ALDERMAN
 (police-constable H 7.) I was called to the prosecutor's house on the Sunday evening, and next day, at twelve o'clock, I went to a brothel in Bell-court, Princes-street, Mile-end, and found the prisoner in bed—I told him he was charged with breaking into the house of Mr. Smith—he said he knew nothing of the robbery.





PITER SMITH

re-examined. The articles in these bundles are part nine and part my mother's—all the property has not been found.

MR. PAYNE
called the following witnesses.






WILLIAM GABLE
. I am the prisoner's father, and live at No. 17, Old Castle-street, which is about a quarter of a mile from King-street—the prisoner lodged at my house—on Sunday evening, the 30th of January, he was at home from half-past six o'clock till half-past nine—there was nobody there but his mother and himself—he was taken into custody on the Monday morning about twelve.

COURT. Q. What time did you dine that day? A. We dined at four, at least had tea—I did not go to any place of worship that day—we supped about half-past nine—we all live in one room, and work in it—the clock hangs over the bed in the room—it does not strike, it goes, and keeps time—I remember looking at it at half-past six—my son called my attention to it—he said, "Now, father, I am going down, take notice of the dock"—I do not know that my wife said any thing to that—"Bill" says I, "it is half-past nine."

Q. But we are talking of half-past six? A. That is the time he came home—I took notice of the clock at half-past six when he came in, it was when he went down at half-past nine that he called my attention to the clock—he stopped in my room and had supper—he called my attention to the clock at half-past six, and I told him the time—I cannot say particularly how he called my attention to it, nor say his reason—I told him it was just half-past six—the clock goes fourteen hours—I wind it up every night—it is a Dutch clock, with brass wheels, and a pendulum—my son had been at home till about one in the day, then went out till half-past six—the evening had quite set in—I sat on the left-hand side of the fire, and could see the clock where I sit—my wife sat on the right-hand—she could see the clock—he did not particularly call my attention to the clock at half-past nine, because I told him the time myself when he was going down,—he said he was going out to take a walk or something—he did not come back that night at all—he lodged at my house some nights in the week, but he was out of my jurisdiction as regards that—he sometimes sleeps at my house, and sometimes not—he slept there on Saturday and Friday, not on Thursday—he did not tell me where he was going on Sunday—I did not ask him—we had a little beef for supper—he eat pretty fairly—supper began about a quarter to nine—he waited to get supper—nobody fetched any beer—we had none—we could not have any.


Q. How came you to tell him it was half-past nine, you did not wish to hurry him away? A. No, I saw it was half-past nine, and said, "Bill, it is half-past nine, if, you are going down"—he had said, "Father, I am going down"—he did not say where or when he was going—I mentioned the time—he jumped up, got a wet cloth, and wiped his face, and went down—he got a glass of liquor below as he went out—we lodge at the Feathers public-house—I have lived there twelve months.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What is your business? A. In the weaving branch, which is very bad just now, and I cannot afford beer for supper.





MARY GABLE
. I am the prisoner's mother, and remember the Sunday before the Monday he was taken into custody—he came home that evening, I think about half-past six o'clock, and remained till half-past nine, when he went out—I am sure he was at home all that time.

COURT. Q. What makes you recollect the time? A. Because my little girl, who is ten years old, was going to Shoreditch church that evening—the went at half-past six, and came in about half-past eight—we supped about nine, as near as I can guess—my husband, son, and two children, the girl who had been to church, and a son thirteen years old, sat down to supper with me—the little boy was not at home all the evening—I think he came in about eight—he had gone out about half-past six or seven—the prisoner was there when he went out—we all five sat down to supper together—I cannot remember what meat we had for supper, I think it was boiled beef, fresh—we had a pot of beer with the supper, which I fetched from below myself—I noticed it was half-past six, because my little girl said, "Mother, it is time to go to church"—I looked at the clock, and said, "Yes, church has begun"—the clock is almost by the door—the bed is in the back part of the room—the clock is right at the side of the bed against the doorway, not over the bed—my husband winds it up—my son said it was half-past six, and time for my daughter to go to church—no farther observation was made about the clock that evening that I recollect—I looked at the clock at half-past nine as we were talking about going to bed then—my husband generally goes to bed early on Sundays—my husband looked at the clock, and said it was half-past nine—the prisoner slept at our house on Saturday—I cannot recollect where he slept on Thursday—he slept at home on Friday—he sometimes sleeps at our house, and sometimes not—our beef was cold—we had tea about four—we generally dine at one—the prisoner had left before dinner—nobody called between half-past six and half-past nine to my recollection—neither the boy nor girl are here.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Where is your girl? A. At home in bed, and the boy is at home.

COURT. Q. Is the publican here? A. No, I do not know why.
(William Gaffee, of Wilks-street, weaver; James Baker, of Pearl-street, Spitalfields; and Thomas Ryan, weaver, of Half Nicol-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
