



1376. 




GEORGE FOWLER
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns, 9 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 3 pence; the property of 



John Gibbons.






JOHN GIBBONS
. I was a patient in the hospital in Gray's Inn-lane—I was received there in September last—I was not in the ward where the prisoner was, but on the 22nd of March I had my thigh amputated, and the prisoner was brought from the bottom ward to the top, to wait on and take care of me—he had his bed by the side of me—on the 26th of March, about twelve o'clock, I lost my purse, two sovereigns, nine shillings, a sixpence, and three pence, from my trowsers pocket, under my bed—there were more patients in the ward—I know the purse was in my pocket on the evening of the 25th—the

prisoner was not there when I missed it—he had absented himself from he hospital without leave—on the morning of the 26th, about half-past seven, he said he had a letter to post, and asked me if I would like an egg for my breakfast, and he would bring it in for me—I gave him 3d. from the locker at my bedside—he never came back—he had seen the contents of my purse he night before, when he gave me my trowsers to take a half-sovereign out of the purse to give the nurse to get me some sugar—I gave him the trowsers to put under the bed again, having replaced the purse—on the 1st of April he was brought into the ward in custody.

Prisoner. Q. Did you give me the 3d. yourself? A. No—you took it from the locker.





HONORA GORMAN
. I am one of the nurses at the Royal Free Hospital. On the 25th of March I received half-a-sovereign from the prisoner—I bought pound of loaf sugar, at 9d., with it—I delivered it to the prisoner about half-past eight o'clock in the evening—he was waiting on the prosecutor—on the morning of the 26th, about half-past seven, I missed him, and did not see him again.





THOMAS HILL
. I am house surgeon at the Royal Free Hospital. On the 26th of March the prisoner was a patient there—we often set one patient to attend another—on the morning of the 26th be left without leave—I did not see him till the following Monday, the 1st of April—he was not recovered sufficiently to leave—he was appointed to attend on the prosecutor at his own request—I saw him on Monday coming out of the Houseless Asylum in Ogle-street—I gave him into custody—he followed me to the hospital, and as he passed me no the stairs, he said, if I would listen to him, he would confess—I told him it was quite out of my power, or words to that effect.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you prefer two charges against me, one for taking away a hospital shirt? A. Mention was made of it—there were upwards of twenty patients in the ward—you are the only instance of a patient leaving the hospital without being cured—I have no recollection of a navigator leaving without leave—there was a patient discharged about a week after you left, and one two days after—those patients had not access to the prosecutor's bed—there was no occasion for their going to his bed at all—no patient left the ward on the 26th but you.





JOHN SMITHERS
. I was a policeman—the prisoner was given into my custody—I went into the hospital with him—after Mr. Hill stated the charge to him I said I should take him before the young man face to face—he said, "No, do not take me before him; I do not want to go; I will confess to you."
(The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that other patients had the same opportunity of going to the prosecutor's bed that he had, and that the confession he was about to make referred to the charge of stealing a shirt.)




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

