



2730. 




JOHN JOHNSON
 was indicted

, for that one 


Edward Jones was, on the 
20th of September last, tried and convicted of stealing, on the 
29th of August, in the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Drake, at 
St. Pancras, 18 spoons, value 9l. 15s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; and 1 basket, value 6d.; his goods: and that he the said 



John Johnson feloniously did incite, move, procure, counsel, hire, and command the said 



Edward Jones to do and commit the said felony; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM AGGS
. I am an inspector of the S division of police. On Saturday morning, the 28th of August, I received information of an offence about to be committed—in consequence of which I went to Mr. Drake's house in Camden-villas, about eight o'clock on Sunday night the 29th of August—I took three policemen there, left them in the house, and placed them in different parts—on the Sunday evening at a quarter past seven, I saw the prisoner in company with one Jones, within about 300 yards of Mr. Drake's house, and near to the Robin Hood beer-shop, there was the prisoner, Jones and Cole, all three together—at five minutes after nine I saw Jones and Johnson leave the same beer-shop together, they appeared to go towards Mr. Drake's house, but I lost them, as I wanted to avoid their seeing me—about half-past nine I went into Mr. Drake's house, and found the prisoner and Jones both in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. Did you yourself receive any information from Cole at first? A. No, not at first—I did not apply to Cole before he came to me—a constable mentioned it to me first.





WILLIAM PORTER
 (police-sergeant, S 5.) I was one of the three officers stationed in the house of Mr. Drake on Sunday night the 29th of August—I was concealed at the end of the passage adjoining the back kitchen-door—a little after nine I heard somebody in the kitchen—I heard them lift up the latch of the back kitchen-door—they must have come from the stable-yard, and then I heard somebody in the kitchen—I thought we heard more than one—after a little time the person or persons went up stairs—I went up after them—I got as far as the dining-room door, where I found the prisoner, and took him into custody immediately—he was about entering the door when I apprehended him—he put his hand behind him, and was pulling something out of his pocket—Mason, another constable, came up at the time, caught hold of his hand, and took from him a jemmy, which

is a small crow-bar—I searched him, and found a box of lucifers on him—it is a regular box, but there is no candle in it—I handcuffed him, and shut him in a room—we went back to the same place again, and in a few minutes I heard somebody enter again, by lifting the latch of the kitchen-door again—they proceeded up stairs—I followed—Wakeham went up before me—when I got up I found Wakeham had got Jones, (who was convicted last Sessions) in custody—I did not see any thing in Jones's hand, but there was a basket of plate standing on the floor—he was close against one of the bed-room doors—the basket of plate was within two yards of him—I held him while Wakeham picked up the basket—the plate was produced on a former trial, and is here.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you and Wakeham go up close together? A. I followed him up—I was not far off—I had not given the information to the inspector.





RICHARD MASON
. I am a policeman. I was in the house on Sunday night—I found the prisoner on the landing-place, putting his hands behind him—I took a small crow-bar from him—I afterwards heard a second person come up stairs, and went after him—I heard something like spoons and forks rattling, went up and saw Jones scuffling between Porter and Wakeham—this might be a minute or two before I heard the spoons rattling—I saw the basket and plate by them.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you saw it in Wakeham's hand? A. I did not see it before it was picked up—when I first saw it it was in Wakeham's hands—I had not given information to the inspector.





RICHARD WAKEHAM
. I am a policeman. I was in the house on this night, and saw the prisoner taken into custody, and afterwards Jones—I heard Jones coming into the kitchen while I was in the coal-cellar—he proceeded through the passage, and up the stairs, I followed him—he did not see me till I came near the top of the second flight of stairs—when he saw me he had this basket in his hand and the plate in it as it is now—I followed him—he went into the bed-room—I took him into custody—he made resistance—in the scuffle he dropped the plate—it fell by the staircase, and made a great noise—when I first went up stairs Jones was alone—I did not see Cole then—I do not know where he was.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Cole before? A. Yes—I might have known him three weeks or a month before—it was I gave the information to the inspector first—Cole told me of it close by the corner of No. 7, just below Mr. Drake's house, about four o'clock, on the Thursday before this Sunday—I was on my beat—he spoke to me first—I knew him working for Mr. Drake, by seeing him pass to and fro—I will swear I saw the plate-basket in the hand of Jones—the sergeant came up after me, but I was before him a few steps, between the prisoner and him—he could not see so well as me—I took Jones about ten minutes after Johnson was taken.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you seen Cole in company with either of the prisoners before the Sunday? A. Yes—I saw him talking with Jones at Mr. Goodhart the surgeon's door on the Thursday about four o'clock—after conversing with Jones, Cole came up to me with a jug of beer in his hand, and made a disclosure to me.





GEORGE COLE
. I was groom to Mr. Drake, of No. 14, Camdenvillas. On Thursday afternoon, the 26th of August, between three and four o'clock, I was at the Eagle public-house, in the neighbourhood of Camdenvillas,

about one hundred yards from my master's—I went for a pint of beer, and as I was returning I met a person who I did not know before, named Arthur Black—he goes by the name of Jones, and was tried last Sessions—he spoke of the hotness of the weather, and the bad state of trade—he was carrying two work-boxes—he said he would not blame any body who would rob another these hard times—he asked whether my master kept any plate—I said, "Yes, sir"—he asked me where—I told him, "In an iron-chest"—then be offered me 300l. If I would let him into the house, and asked me to go and have something to drink, which I refused—I did not tell him why—I had not been out late—he asked me to meet him on Saturday night at the Prince George, in Albany-street—I said I would meet him on that night, but he said no, I should meet him on Saturday night—I then took my beer home, but I went over to Wakeham, the policeman, first—I told him what Jones had suggested to me, and went home—on Saturday night at nine o'clock, I went and waited at the door of the Prince George—Jones came up—we had some ale together, and took a walk together down Albany-street—he said it would be best to come on the Sunday night at nine o'clock, as the police went off duty—he asked me if the plate was all right—I said, "Yes"—he told me to try and get the servants-out—we went from Albany-street to another public-house, and had more ale—I agreed to meet him at the Robin Hood at nine o'clock on Sunday night—I left him on Saturday about ten o'clock—the Robin Hood is opposite the Eagle—I saw no one but Jones on the Saturday—I saw nothing of the, prisoner on Saturday or Thursday—I met Jones on Sunday, about seven o'clock, in Brecknock-crescent, by accident—he said he had seen me talking with Wakeham on the Sunday morning, which I bad been doing—I said he (Wakeham) was my cousin—I said so to deceive him—we walked round by the Eagle, and opposite the Eagle saw the prisoner Johnson leaning against the palings—he asked me if it was all right, and shook hands with me—I had never seen him before—he appeared to know Jones—we crossed over to him—when he asked if it was all right, I said, "Yes"—we all three then went to the Robin Hood, and had some ale—the prisoner said he would go with me first and get the things open all ready—and then he said Arthur Black should fetch the cab—Jones agreed to it—I was to try and get the servants out of the way first—I went for that purpose, but I saw Wakeham—I told him what was doing—I then went back to the prisoners, and said I could not get the servants out before a quarter to nine o'clock—Jones had gone after the cab—Johnson and I drank what we had, and went to Camden-town—Jones came up by the Red-cap, and said the cab was on the stand in the Regent's-park, but not the man—"before this the prisoner had told me that I should be sent over to Scotland, and I should set up a shop there"—he told me he had been to the Brecknock Arms to rob the place, but they were alarmed—we all three went to the Robin Hood again, had more ale, and then it was agreed that Jones should go after another cab, and Johnson and me go and get the things ready by the time he came back—this was just about nine o'clock—Jones went after another cab, and the prisoner went with me—we went the back way, through the stable-yard, to the kitchen-door—I found it shut—I lifted the latch and went in—the prisoner followed me—he went into both the kitchens, and said he would go up stairs and get open the things in the trunk, and get all ready—I went up close behind him till he was taken—I do not know whether the officer saw me—after he was taken I went out the back way for Jones—he came to me and said he had left the cab


at the Eagle—he came with me the back way—the stable-door was ajar—he went in first, and I after him—I lifted the latch of the kitchen-door—when he got into the kitchen, he took this plate-basket off the screen in the back-kitchen, took it in his hand, and was going up stairs with it—I went up with him about halfway, put the candle on the stairs and then came back again—I did not go up stairs again till he was in custody, that I recollect—I had not the basket in my hand—Susanna Spencer was my fellow-servant—I do not know whether she was in the house at the time I lifted the latches.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you had notice to leave Mr. Drake before this time? A. Yes—I had been between three and four months in his service—before that I lived with Mr. Croker, at Brixton, about five months—I left him because my fellow-servant and I did not agree, that is all—before that I lived with Mr. Powell, of Cheapside, for eight, nine, or ten months—I left him because all the servants were discharged at once—they did not say there was any thing wrong—I am eighteen years old—I first went into service at about fourteen—I have lived at four places since, I think—Jones asked if my master had any plate, immediately after talking about the weather —I had never seen him before—I told him I would go home to try to get the servants out of the way—I did not mean to do so—they told me they would rob the Brecknock Arms next week—I agreed to be in it—I have known Wakeham ever since I have been with Mr. Drake—Wakeham had not said any thing to me about the robbery before I spoke to him—he said be had seen me with another person—he did not tell me he knew that person—J went over and told him of it.

COURT. Q. But before you told him, had be said any thing to you about seeing you with another person? A. No—he said he had seen me talking, but he did not know what it was about—that was after I told him about it, not before.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Was not that before you said a word to him about it? A. I told him first—no part of the family were at home—the cook and her sister were left in charge of the house—the family had been away about a fortnight, I think—I do not know where the plate was usually kept—I saw it on the screen, that is all—I did not live in the house—I lived in Randolph-street, Camden-town, at Lainsbury's—I do not know whether the female servants have been discharged—I acted under the direction of the police all through the matter—I told the prisoner I could not get the servants out till a little before nine o'clock—I said so after I had seen he policeman, because it would give the policeman time to get into the house—I had not seen any policeman in the house before I went with the prisoner—nobody has accused me of being concerned in the robbery—I am a witness.

COURT. Q. Have you ever been accused of any robbery? A. Not that I know of.

MR. PAYNE. Q. You never heard it? A. No—I was not charged before I became a witness, and allowed to become a witness afterwards—I am a witness against Barnes and Towers in the copper robbery at Westminster, for trial to-day—I went before the Magistrate about this, and said what I have to say—I was not in the employ of the prosecutor of the copper robbery—I was in company with those prisoners, as I asked if I could ride up to town—i rode up with the carrier.

COURT. Q. Was that before this business, or since? A. Since.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you mean to swear you yourself went voluntarily

to the policeman, and told him? A. Yes—that was the only case besides the one in question—I left Mr. Drake's employ directly after this business—he turned me away—I have since been living with my father at Black-heath—I fell in with Barnes and Towers on the day they were taken with the copper, which is about a week ago.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you ever before a Magistrate till examined on this charge? A. That was the only time—I saw Wakeham on the Sunday morning—I had seen him every day after Thursday, and spoken to him about this from time to time—I acted under the policeman's directions—Wakeham told me to come to him about nine o'clock.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did Wakeham tell you it was after nine o'clock that a burglary must be committed? A. Jones said it was the time the policemen would be off their beat.





RICHARD WAKEHAM

re-examined. I had seen Cole on the Sunday morning, and several times after the Thursday—I told him when the police were in the house ready.





SUSANNA SPENCER
. I was cook to Mr. Joseph Drake, of Camden Villas. I left three weeks ago—I was in the house on the Sunday night—Mr. Drake was at Herne-bay—this plate is Mr. Drake's property, and was in this basket on the Sunday night, about eight o'clock, on a meat-screen in the kitchen—I afterwards saw it brought down by Wakeham.

Cross-examined. Q. You have been discharged since? A. I left of my own accord—we had a few words, but nothing about this matter—the family had been out of town some weeks—Mr. Drake came to town occasionally, and the plate was in use—I always took it into my bed-room at night—I did not see it taken away.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there any charge ever made against you? A. No.





JOSEPH DRAKE
. My house is in the parish of St. Pancras; it is No. 14, Camden Villas—the plate produced is my property, and is worth from 8l. to 1l.





ROBERT MARSHALL STRAIGHT, ESQ
. I am Clerk of the Arraigns of this Court. I produce the indictment against Jones—there is entered on this, a minute of the conviction of Jones of stealing to the amount of 5l. and upwards in the dwelling-house of Joseph Drake—Mr. Clark, as the officer of the Court, has the custody of this.

Cross-examined. Q. Has the record been made up? A. I believe not.

COURT. Q. Have you the caption? A. Yes—(reading it.)





WILLIAM DRENKLE
. I am a hair-dresser. I produce the record of the former conviction of William Black, alias Green, in July, 1835—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is that man, he was sentenced to be transported for life—I did not know Jones till the time he was taken—I do not know that the prisoner and Jones are brothers.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the robbery committed? A. In Devonshire-street, Portland-place—I had stopped the prisoner with the plate, hearing a cry of "Stop thief"—I have frequently seen him about since, but not for the last few months—I did not see him for better than two years after he was convicted—I know the family—there are several brothers—I do not know how old the person appeared to be, but I know the prisoner is the person—I have frequently seen him about Tottenham-court-road since—I understand he had some imprisonment, and got clear.


MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you here at the trial of Jones? A. Yes—I; saw him in prison, and know him to be the prisoner's brother.





WILLIAM FULLER
. I am a policeman. I had the person in custody to whom the certificate of the conviction refers—the prisoner is that man—I have not a doubt of it.

Cross-examined. Q. How old did he appear to be? A. Twenty-four or twenty-five—the next time I saw him was last Session—I know him by his features, and am confident he is the man—I consider him near thirty.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Life.
