



2774. 




WILLIAM HAWKINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of October, 3 coats, value 3l. 10s.; 1 hat, value 8l.; 1 spoon, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 box, value 6d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; and 1 screw, value 6d.; the goods of 



Henry Hewitson.






HENRY EYRES OLDERSHAW
 (City police-constable, No. 513.) On the morning of 5th of October, about twenty-five minutes to ten, I saw the prisoner in Lime-street, with this hat in his hand, and these coats on hit arm—I followed him into Bishopsgate-street, and there stopped him—I asked what he had—he said some things he had fetched from a gentleman in Rood-lane—I asked where he was taking them to—he said to his master's, Mr. Sayers, in Sun-street, Bishopsgate—I asked him to go with me to Rood-lane, or to tell me who the gentleman was he had fetched them from—he said, "No, come with me to Wilson-street, because my muter is waiting, to go off into the country"—I said he must accompany me to Rood-lane—as we were going along Fenchurch-street, he pointed to a court, and said, "That is where the gentleman gave me these coats, I was to meet him here at half-past nine, by order of my master"—I said as I suspected all along that he had taken the things dishonestly, I must take him to the station—on searching him, I found a skeleton key, a spoon, a pair of gloves, two silk handkerchiefs, a knife, the top of a ramrod, and a lucifer match-box—I went to a person in Fenchurch-street, whose name was in the hat, and in consequence of what I learnt there, I went to the prosecutor, who identified the hat—I then missed the other property—I afterwards tried the skeleton key to the door of the prosecutor's counting-house, and it opened it, and also the door of the room leading into his private apartments—it had been newly filed.





HENRY HEWITSON
. I am a merchant, and live in Fenchurch-street. I know nothing of the prisoner—I believe this hat to be mine—I have worn it—these three coats are mine, also this silk handkerchief, this plated teaspoon, cigar match-box, ramrod top, and black kid gloves—they were all in my counting-house the preceding night—they must have been taken either while the servant was lighting the fire, and had left the door open,

or the door must have been opened by a skeleton key—I missed nothing but what was found on—the prisoner.

Prisoner. The gentleman said at the office that he had left the key in the door. Witness. I said the servant must have left the key in the door whilst lighting the fire, or else it must have been opened by a skeleton key—I can swear to all the things—I have worn the coat frequently—my initials "H H" are on the handkerchief, and my crest on the spoon.

Prisoner's Defence. I have a brother named Henry Hawkins, and there may be twenty handkerchiefs marked the same—I did not steal the things—I purchased them for 23s., of a young man who said he was going into the country, and wished to get rid of them—the key I picked up the night before in Tower-street.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
