




1451. 




JOHN PHILLIPS
 and 



GEORGE DRAPER
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Palmer, on the 
13th of April, at 

St. James, Clerkenwell, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 clock, value 1l. 10s.; and 1 glass shade, 10s.; his goods; and that Phillips had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM ROBERT HUNT
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Palmer, and live in Albemarle-street, Clerkenwell. Mr. William Palmer has a dwelling-house at No. 29 1/2, Great Sutton-street, in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell. On the 13th of April, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I was in Sutton-street, and saw the prisoner Draper between the two parlour windows of Mr. Palmer's house—one of the windows was open, and when I got up to the window, I saw Phillips in the parlour, with the clock in his hand—I asked what he did there, and shut the window down—I then knocked at the door of the house, and called out, "Police"—I then saw Phillips getting out of the window—he ran down the street, and at the same time I saw Draper

nearly at the bottom of the street, running—I did not see him commence running—I had walked past him to get to the door—it was the first window that was open, and which I shut down—I followed Phillips, crying, "Stop thief," till he was stopped by a policeman—I lost sight of him for about half a minute, in turning the corner of Sutton-street into St. John-street—I followed him round the corner, and saw him running about fifty yards from me—he ran about 500 yards after getting round the corner—I am certain he is the man I saw get out of the window—I had a full view of his face at the time he was in the parlour, and of his back when he was running—he put the clock on the side-board again, he did not bring it out with him—as we were bringing Phillips back to the prosecutor's house, another constable brought Draper towards us, and he went back along with Phillips—I firmly believe he is the same man I had seen between the windows, by his dress and appearance—I speak to him from his face and dress both

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. In what capacity are you employed at Messrs. Palmers? A. As a labourer—I generally go in at the gates, close by, at six and seven in the morning—I have been informed that the parish is St. James's—I live in St. John's parish—the number of the house is No. 29 1/2,—it is a whole house, and is occupied separately by Mr. Palmer—I went close to the window, and Phillips was in the room close to the window with the clock in his hands—he came out of the same window which I shut down—I had never seen him before, to my knowledge—I had been in the house some hundreds of times, and had often seen the clock in the room—I am positive Phillips had it in his hand—it usually stood on a little sideboard, about four feet from the window—I am positive it was not on the sideboard then, but in Phillips's hands—as soon as I saw it in his hand, I spoke to him, which caused him to put it on the sideboard again—I saw him stopped in St. John's-lane by a policeman—I was close to him.





CHARLOTTE BATES
. I am servant to Mr. Palmer. I heard a loud knocking at the door, and a cry of "Police"—I went into the parlour and found the window thrown up to the top, and the time-piece moved from the place where I had seen it before—this is it—it is the property of Mr. William Palmer—I had been in that room at eight that morning, and opened the shutters—I am quite sure the windows were both shut down then—they are common sash windows—no one but myself had been into the room that morning—there was only one other person in the house, and a female servant named Clark—she had only just got up, and was at breakfast in the kitchen with me—I am certain she was not in the room.

Cross-examined. Q. Are there no fastenings to the windows? A. Yes—I opened the shutters a few minutes before eight o'clock—I dusted the room, and left it about eight—the clock then stood on a little sideboard, with its back against the wall, where it always stood—when I went into the room after the alarm was given it was moved close to the edge of the sideboard—I opened the windows, in order to open the shutters, and then shut them down again—there is a little catch to the windows—I know one was fastened—I cannot say whether the other was—Clark was not out of my sight after coming down stairs till the alarm was given.





THOMAS DULLEY
. I am a policeman. I stopped the prisoner Phillips in St. John's-lane—he was running without a hat—there was a great cry of "Stop thief."

Cross-examined. Q. Are you the person that stopped him? A. Yes—I did not see any man in a long brown coat with him—he was coming towards me—I met him, said, "Halloo, old fellow," and caught hold of him directly.





ARCHIBALD JEFFREY
. I am a policeman. On the morning in question I

was walking down St. John-street, heard an outcry, and saw Draper run from the direction of Mr. Palmer's house—he was about two or three yards from Mr. Palmer's when I first saw him—he was then walking—he was pointed out to me by a person in the street, I do not know who—after walking three or four paces, he set off, running as fast as he could—I ran after him as fast as I could through Albemarle-street—I did not call out—he ran 500 or 600 yards, and was stopped by another person—I was about ten yards behind him at the time—I said, "Come back with me to Mr. Palmer's" and he came back.

Cross-examined. Q. How many turnings are there between Sutton-street and St. John's-lane? A. Two.

COURT. Q. Then how could you see Mr. Palmer's house? A. I was in St. John-street when I heard the outcry—the end of Sutton-street comes into St. John-street, and I could see down Sutton-street.





THOMAS BRADLEY
 (City police-constable, No. 269.) I produce a certificate of Phillips's former conviction—(read)—I was a witness in the case, and know him to be the man.

PHILLIPS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


DRAPER—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

