




2340. 




HENRY ISAAC BURROWS
 and 



MARY ANN BROWN
 were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of April, 1 looking-glass and frame, value 9l., the goods of 



Edward Foster and another.


EDWARD FOSTER. I am in partnership with another, we are auctioneers, in Greek-street, Soho. Burrows had been our porter—this glass was in the same warehouse with the other things—on the clerk's taking stock in April, I found it was gone—I saw it again at Bassett's the pawnbroker's—I redeemed it—it is worth 9l.

Cross-examined. Q. It has no particular mark on it? A. No—I have seen it many times, and have no doubt about it—it is a carved wood frame, and it is not a very common pattern—I saw it again early in June—it was in pledge for 8l.—it could not be bought under 16l. or 18l.

MR. DOANE. Q. Have you missed a glass which corresponds in size and dimensions with this? A. Yes.





JOHN HENRY GARLAND
. I took stock in Rose-street warehouse in April—I did not find this glass among the stock.

Cross-examined. Q. When had you seen it? A. It was there on the 14th of January—I believe this to be it.





GEORGE SHEPHERD
. I am a porter; I was formerly in the prosecutor's service. I took this glass to Rose-street several times from Pall-mall, and back again—it was there safe when the warehouse door was found open—it was standing across the door at the fall of last year—this is the glass.

Cross-examined. Q. Has not the door been found open more than once? A. Not to my knowledge—we generally took the glass in a van—I am almost certain it never was carried by hand.

MR. DOANE. Q. When the door was open did you make an examination? A. I did not, but I saw the glass there then.





MARGARET GREEN
. I am the wife of Thomas William Green, a cabinetmaker, in Crown-street, St. Giles's. From the 10th to the 13th of April last I was in my shop, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning—I saw two men carrying a glass—to the best of my belief, Burrows was one of the men—I have no hesitation in saying it was this glass—they were coming down Crown-street, in the direction of the Seven Dials, as if they had come from Rose-street—they crossed over towards Phœnix-street.


Cross-examined. Q. There was no cover over the glass? A. No—they were stopping, either to consider which way they should go, or to rest, right facing our house for about a second, not more—Burrows was on the off side, towards the road, and the other on the pavement—the prisoner's face was towards the shop—I cannot say whether they went down Phœnix-street—I did not see them come out of Crown-street—I should not have noticed them, only my little boy said, "Father, here is a beautiful glass," and then I looked—I did not keep it long in view—they went in a direction to Tottenham Court-road—I did not know that I noticed the male prisoner enough to know him again, but when I was taken to see him again I knew him—I knew him by his hard features—I told the officer when he came that he was a man with hard features and a high forehead—I described the clothes—he had a short jacket on—at the office he had not got the same coat on—there were several more there, and I knew him among the rest—I told one of the men he was a hard-featured man, and was pock-marked—the policeman came and asked if I saw a glass pass by about three weeks before—I said I did, and took particular notice of it.





BENJAMIN WHITTAKER
. I live in Phœnix-street. The two prisoners occupied a room in my house from March down to May.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you gave them notice? A. Yes, but he took no notice of it—he stopped about three weeks after I gave him a week's notice.





CORDELIA HARRIS
. My husband is a waiter at a tea-gardens—I live at Whittaker's house, in Phœnix-street. On Palm Sunday, the 9th of April, I was coming up stairs—the prisoner's little boy was at their room door, which was open—I asked if he was going to church—I saw a looking-glass in the room like this.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you not intimate with the prisoners? A. No—they never lent me money—I did not see any thing brought into the house—I live in the back attic, on the same floor as them.





ELIZABETH NIXON
. My husband is street-keeper at Essex-street—I live on the second floor at Mr. Whittaker's, in Phœnix-street. On the 10th of April I saw a glass go down stairs, covered with a sheet or wrapper—Burrows and another man were carrying it—I swear Burrows was one of the men—the man had a broom-stick, and slung it on bis shoulders—Brown said to me, "I am very glad it is gone; I was much afraid it would be broken; it is a glass my husband bought for a gentleman, and it is going into the county" she hadher bonnet and shawl on, and went out.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you been intimate with them? A. No—I never saw the glass naked—Brown said it was a glass—I had never been in the room—it went down Phœnix-street and Stacey-street, not into Crown-street.





JOHN POOL
. I am shopman to Mr. Basset, a pawnbroker, in Great Queen-street. On the 10th of April Brown pawned this glass for 8l.—two men brought it to our shop—to the best of my belief, Burrows was one of them—they put it into the passage, and went away directly—Brown pawned it.

Cross-examined. Q. How many times have you endeavoured to recognise Burrows? A. Only once at Bow-street—I did not say I did not know him—the two men came into the passage—I was standing at the window, and my opportunity of seeing them was just as they came into the passage from the street—I have never expressed a doubt as to Burrows, or said I thought he was the man—I will not say positively he was the man.

BURROWS—


GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BROWN—


NOT GUILTY
.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoners, on which Mr. Doane offered no evidence.)
