




491. 




CORNELIUS CULLUM
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of Dec, 2 1/4lb. weight of tobacco, value 7s. 10d., the goods of 




Thomas Huxley, his master; and 





JOHN ROBINS



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; and that Robins had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES FOGG
 I am a Thames-police inspector. On the 14th of Dec. I was watching Mr. Huxley's shop, in Whitechapel-road—I saw Cullum come out of the shop about one o'clock—I followed him into Church-lane—he was

there joined by Robins—they appeared to know each other, and were talking and walking together—they went down Alie-street, and into Rupert-street, where they turned up a passage, which is the back way to the King of Prussia public-house—they were in the passage a few minutes, and then came out—I followed Robins to Rosemary-lane, and when he got near his own house I said to him, "Are you going home?"—he said, "Yes, Mr. Fogg"—I said, "I am going home with you"—we went in, and he went up stairs—I went up after him—I said, "You have got some tobacco about you, give it to me"—he said, "Yes, I have"—he pulled off his coat, and I took about a pound of tobacco out of each pocket—he then pulled off his hat, and said, "You may as well have the rest," or, "You may as well have all of it"—I took the rest of this tobacco from his hat—I asked where he got it—he said he bought it of a man for 6s. 6d. but did not know his name, nor where he lived—I asked if he knew Cullum—he said he did not—I asked what he did up the passage of the King of Prussia—he said he went to see if anybody was playing at skittles—I took him to the station, and then went to the passage, where I picked up two or three small bits of tobacco—I took them and what I found on Robins to Mr. Huxley's shop, and after I had been there some time, Cullurn came in—I called him into the counting-house, searched him, and found two or three small bits of tobacco in one of his pockets—I asked what he was doing up the back way of the King of Prussia—he said he was not there—I said he was there with Robins or Rawlins—he said he never knew him—all the tobacco I found was 2 1/41bs.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What you found in Cullum's pocket was very small? A. Yes—Cromarty was just a-head of me.

Cross-examined by
MR. DONE. Q. How far is Church-lane from Mr. Huxley's shop? A. About 100 yards—it was near the Whitechapel end of Church-lane that the prisoners joined—I directed Cromarty to go a little before me on the other side of the street—I suppose Robins was waiting for Cullum when I first saw him—I saw them go up the passage which led to the back of the public-house—I saw Cromarty when the prisoners went up the passage—he had a better opportunity of seeing them than I had, as he was a-head of me, and was in disguise—they knew me, and I kept back—Cromarty was within a few yards of them all the time—there is a skittle-ground—there was no smoking or drinking there that day—I found the bits of tobacco in the passage, before you get to the skittle-ground.

MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Had you seen Robins before Cullum went to him? A. Yes, waiting about.





DAVID CROMARTY
. I am a Thames police-constable. I was with Fogg on the 14th of Dec., watching Mr. Huxley's shop—I saw Cullum come out, and followed him near enough to see what took place—I saw the prisoners join, and go into the back passage of the King of Prussia—before they went in I saw Cullum unbutton his coat, and give himself a hitch up, and when they were in the passage I saw Cullum give something to Robins, but I could not see what—I told Fogg of it—the prisoners did not remain above a minute in the passage—I afterwards went back with Fogg to the passage, and there we found the bits of tobacco.





THOMAS HUXLEX
. I am a tobacconist, and live in Whitechapel-road. Cullum had been in my service eleven or twelve years—he worked at the manufacturing of tobacco—he was not employed that day at manufacturing this sort of tobacco, but he had access to it—I have not the slightest doubt that this tobacco produced by the officer is mine—it is the description of tobacco that he had access to—Cullum always goes to dinner at one o'clock—the wholesale value of this tobacco is about 11s. 10d.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you know Cullum before he was in your service? A. I was partner with Mr. Ceal, of the Minories, in 1830, and he was then in his employ—I have heard that he worked there when a boy—this would be an unusual quantity of tobacco for a man to buy for his own use, but not for to sell again—this is in a fit state for sale.





ROBERT THORPE
 (police constable H 155.) I produce a certificate of Robins's former conviction, which I got from the Court-house, Wellclose-square—(read)—he is the same person.
(Cullum received a good character.)

CULLUM—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—



Confined Nine Months.


ROBINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Sixth Jury, before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

