



1895. 




CHARLES ROLLINS
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Myer Levy, being armed with a life-preserver, with intent to rob him.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MYER LEVY.
 I am in the employ of Isaac Jacobson, of No. 112, Oxford-street—on Wednesday morning, the 4th of Aug., the prisoner came to our shop, shortly before eleven o'clock, and asked to took at some gold watches—I showed him some—he asked if I would have any objection to send some to the Boar and Castle, for his father to look at—he selected three—I went with them to the Boar and Castle, and went up stairs with the prisoner into a bed-room—after I had been there some time, from his manner I began to get very uneasy, and asked him if the gentleman who wished to see the watches, had not better step into the shop, as it was only a few doors off, and he would see a great variety to look at—he said he would see—he went out of the room, came and said if I would go with him to his father's room he would look at them and choose them—I walked across the room, and we met near the door—we were walking out together, side by side, through the door-way, and just as we got under the door-way, he struck me two or three blows on the side of the head with a life-preserver, which I produce—he laid hold of my left hand which had the watches in it—by a sudden jerk I pushed my hands away from him, and, turning round at the same time, caught his had falling on my head with the life-preserver again—the watches were partly in his hand and partly in mine—they were never out of my possession—he never got them—I called out. "Murder!" and held him till the waiter came to my assistance, and he was taken into custody—this is the hat I had on at the time—(producing it, very much broken)—this is the effect of the blows—it is not beaten through—there is no hole in it—I had a large bump on my head, and I was constantly bathing it for a fortnight afterwards—I have been under the doctor's care ever since.

Prisoner. Q. Are you sure I am the person that struck you? A. Certainly; you hit me three times—I felt three blows on my head—you might have struck more than that—the watches were in my left hand—I had my hat off in the room, but in going out of the room I put it on—you had your hat on at the time you struck me—as we were going out of the room you stepped behind me, and hit me on the side of the head—you bent my hat in this way—I swear your hand was on the watches and my hand, and I pushed your hand away to prevent your taking them—I turned round, and caught

your hand with my right hand, as you were levelling the fourth blow—you resisted, and we had a most desperate struggle after that, after I put the watches into my pocket.

COURT.
Q. Did you find that he had a father, or any person in the house? A. No.





WILLIAM YOUNG.
 I am a waiter at the Boar and Castle, Oxford-street—about ten o'clock, on the morning in question, the prisoner came to our house, and asked me if his luggage had come from the Birmingham Railway—I asked what name—he said, "In the name of Fitzgerald," or Fitzwilliam—my mistress spoke to him, and sent him to the office to see if it had come—he came back, said it had not come, might he go up stairs and wash his hands, he wanted two rooms, one for himself and one for a friend—he went out, and came in again with the prosecutor, and went up stairs—I heard cries of murder some time after—I went up, and found them struggling together—I caught hold of the prisoner, and took him in charge, and he was taken into custody—no one was there with him, and he had no luggage—the prosecutor's shop is about six doors from the Boar and Castle—the porter was sent for a policeman—the prosecutor gave him the life-preserver.





JAMES NEWMAN
 (policeman E 9.) I received the prisoner into custody, and received this life-preserver from the porter—he is not here—I met him in Oxford-street, running—he told me a man had been knocked down with a life-preserver at the Boar and Castle.





MYER LEVY

re-examined. When I got the life-preserver from the prisoner, I had it in my hand, while keeping him away from me—the porter came up stairs, and I told him to take it out of my hand, he did so—I believe this one to be the same—I told him to fetch a policeman.

Prisoner's Defence. It was not my intention to rob him; I was out of employment, and driven almost to desperation, and I committed the assault, that it might have the appearance of something desperate, and that I should get transported; if I had intended to rob him, I could easily have rendered him senseless; but I did not strike him with all my strength, and before the Magistrate the effects were hardly visible; as to seizing the watches, or attempting to seize them, I did nothing of the sort; I do not believe he had his hat on at the time; I hope you will be merciful to me; I was nearly frantic.





MYER LEVY

re-examined. I am quite sure he made a snatch at the watches.




GUILTY. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen years.

