




1020. 




PETER NIMMO, alias
 Edward Thompson

, and 




WILLIAM GREEN
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of April, at St. Mary, Newington, 40 1/2 yards carpet, value 5l. 18s.; 1 bed, 5l.; 1 looking-glass, 4l.; 120 yards of printed cotton, 3l.; 8 blankets, 2l. 16s.; 4 counterpanes, 2l. 10s.;
6 sheets, 2l. 5s.; 4 table-covers, 2l. 8s.; 7 table-cloths, 2l.; 1 desk, 2s.; 1 pair of candlesticks, 2l.; 36 towels, 36s.; 3 spoons, 25s.; 3 pillows, 1l.; 1 toast-rack, 1l.; 8 pillow-cases, 12s.; 1 hearth-rug, 12s.; 1 bolster, 10s.; 4 table-covers, 8s.; 7 napkins, 5s. 6d.; 1 pair of snuffers and tray, 10s.; and 1 box, 6d.; the goods of 



John Rathbone, and that Nimmo had before been convicted of felony.



MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






HARRIET RATHBONE
. I am the wife of John Rathbone, a surgeon, and live in County-terrace, New Kent-road. Last Easter we had a house No. 4, Swan-street, Dover-road—nobody was living in it at that time—on Easter Monday, the 17th of April, I was in that house from twelve o'clock till four—there was furniture in it—I left that and the house safe at four o'clock—in consequence of information on the Thursday after, I went to the house again about half-past eleven in the morning, and found it had been broken open—the first floor and parlour front doors had been broken open—the outer door did not appear to have been forced—the other doors had been safely shut and locked when I left on the Monday—I missed a looking-glass, carpets, and other property, to the amount of between 300l. and 400l.—I have since seen part of it produced by the policeman.





WILLIAM EVANS
. boot-maker, Paddington-street, Marylebone. I purchased this looking-glass of the prisoner Green in June last—he was in my employ as shopman at the time—we were doing up the shop, and he said he had a looking-glass for sale, with feather beds, plated ware, candlesticks, snuffer-trays, carpets, and other things, which belonged to a tradesman, who had been in good circumstances, but was greatly reduced—I will not be certain whether he said the glass was in pledge, or whether it was left at a public-house, and that some man had lent money on it—he did not produce them—in fact I told him I did not want any beds, plated ware, or anything of the kind, but he afterwards brought the glass, and I bought it of him for 2l. 10s.—I kept it until I heard of the evidence at Clerkenwell police-court—I then gave information to Mrs. Rathbone, and gave the glass up to the police.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did not Green say that somebody had spoken to him about selling a looking-glass? A. Yes, he did not say it was his own—he did not mention the name of the person who had given it to him—he did not mention the name of Cole at all—he told me that the person who had asked him to get a purchaser for it would not part with it unless he had the money—I understood him that it was fast for a certain sum that a party had lent on it—before I saw it, I gave him, I think, 25s. to fetch it with—he said that was the sum that had been advanced on it—I am not satisfied as to the day on which I bought it, but it was very early in June, I think about the 2nd—Green did not sleep at my house.

JURY. Q. How long had he been in your employ? A. From the December previous, I think, and remained till about October last—I gave up the glass last month, the day after the hearing before the Magistrate.





THOMAS ELLIS
. I am a boot-maker, and live at No. 17, Cole-street, Dover-road. I have also a house, No. 8, Swan-street, which runs from the Dover-road, and Cole-street leads from Swan-street—the two houses are about twenty years apart—on Easter Wednesday last, the 19th of April, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I was at the house in Swan-street, cleaning the windows outside, and observed a cab drive up to Mrs. Rathbone's door, No. 4—I saw a roll of carpeting brought out of the house, a bed, and a looking-glass, and put into the cab—I could not swear this was the glass—it was such a one—I cannot say how many persons were with the cab, whether there were a dozen, or twenty, or fifty—I saw no more than one—there might have been more—there might have been ten—I fixed my attention upon one

particularly which, to the best of my belief, was the prisoner Green—I believe it to be him—I saw him helping the things into the cab—I did not see any more besides him—I cannot say whether there was a cab man, or who was here, for I took no notice—I did not see the cab come or go away again—I saw it standing at the door—I did not see anybody with it—I did not notice any driver—I was minding my own business.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Will you swear the cab was not a wheelbarrow? A. Yes—it had a horse—I had never seen Green before—there was nothing that called my attention particularly to him—I heard of his being in custody last Thursday week, from Goff, the policeman, who came to me the day before I was summoned to Clerkenwell police-court, to inquire whether I had observed any of the parties concerned in this, and I told him I had—he told me they had got hold of the man—I cannot say that he said he was quite sure of him—I will not swear he did not—he did not describe him to me, or say what he was like—I cannot say that the told me his name—he said he was at Clerkenwell police-court—he did not tell me there was no doubt I should identify him directly—I went to the police-court by myself—I saw Goff there—I saw Green when I was called in as a witness—he was in the Magistrate's room, not in the dock—another person was with him, and a female—I then believed that he was the person—I cannot tell the colour of the horse—it was a green, four-wheeled cab.


Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. The carpet you saw was merely in the roll? A. Yes—it come out the gateway—the entrance is in a gateway.

MR. DOANE. Q. Is the gateway attached to the house? A. Yes—part of it goes into Mr. Butterworth's warehouse, and the prosecutor's door is at the side—the gateway is open to the public—the door is three or four yards up.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 83.) On Sunday morning, the 4th of Feb., when Nimmo (whose real name is Thompson) was in custody. I went to his house, No. 3, Sea Lion-place, near the New-cut, Lambeth, with Williams, another officer—in a cupboard up stairs I found a number of duplicates, these two among them, one for a pair of plated candlesticks, snuffers and tray—I raised a board in the floor, and under it found this crowbar resting on two nails, also twenty-seven keys, some skeletons and some not, and thirteen picklocks—this chisel I found in the cupboard up stairs—I afterwards accompanied Mr. and Mrs. Rathbone to the house in Swan-street, taking the crow-bar and chisel with me—I examined the door of the front parlour down stairs, and the front bed-room up stairs, and found several marks on them—two near the lock of the front parlour door exactly corresponded with the chisel and crow-bar together—it appeared as if they had been used together to prise the door open—the two together just filled up the vacancy—on the door of the front room up stairs I found six marks, three on the door and three on the doorpost—I took out this piece from that door, (producing it,) and it exactly fits this crow-bar—it has lost its point, and there is the corresponding mark on the wood—Nimmo went to live at this house is Sea Lion-place some time last March, I think, towards the latter end—I have known him for a long time—I know when the house was empty, and I saw him there shortly after—I know he lived there, and communicated the fact to Ronayne, and several other constables.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. How long had he been in custody before you went to this place? A. I understood he had been taken the night before, but not on this charge—I found these things under the floor of the room down stairs—there are only two rooms, one up stairs and the other

down—these things were all in one room—I do not know Cole—an old man of that name was at the police-court, charged with being concerned in this house-breaking—I am at present on the look-out for his son, on the same charge—I do not know that Cole lived in this house—I never saw Cole in my life that I know of—since this inquiry I have not had any reason to know that Cole lived there—there was a young woman in the house when I went, who was left to mind it—I remained there till a person, who called herself Mrs. Thompson, came—no one else came—I went all over the house—there was no one in the upper room—Mrs. Thompson came in about half an hour after I got there, I took her into custody, she was discharged—Nimmo did not give me that address himself, but I have known him living there for the last twelve months.

COURT. Q. Was there a bed in the lower room? A. No, there was one up stairs.





JOHN WILLIAMS
 (police-constable E 31.) I took Nimmo into custody on the 3rd of Feb.—when I got him to the station, he gave his address, No. 3, Sea Lion-Place.





WILLIAM RONAYNE
 (police-constable L 36.) Goof gave me some information about Sea Lion-place about eleven months ago, in consequence of which I had my eye upon that house—I have observed both the prisoners there at all hours, both day and night—they both appeared to me to be living there—I have seen them come home together at one and two in the morning—I have spoken to them at the door—I first saw them there about a week after Goff had spoken to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Thompson was in custody first, I believe? A. Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. Did you ever seen Green in that house? A. Yes, a great number of times—I know him.





SAMUEL HENRY BEZANT
. I am shopman to Mr. Button, pawnbroker, John-street, Edgware-road. I produce a toast-rack, pawned on the 10th of May, in the name of John Green, 9, Homer-row—this duplicate produced by Goff is the one I gave the person pawning it—I have seen the prisoner Green at our shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. Did you often see him? A. Not Very often—I do not recollect seeing him on that occasion—I do not know whether he pledged this, or had anything to do with it—he has pawned at our shop three or four or five times perhaps.





THOMAS HOOKER
. I am shopman to Mrs. Gill, a pawnbroker, in Wilmont-street, Brunswick-square. I produce a pair of candlesticks, snuffers, and tray, pawned on the 11th of May last by the prisoner Green—he gave his address No. 9, Homer-row—the duplicate produced by Goff is the one I gave Green when he pledged these things—I took the pledge myself, and am quite certain he is the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Yes.

MR. DOANE. Q. Often. A. Very often.





WILLIAM BENNETT
 (police-constable D 18.) I took Green into custody on the 22nd of Jan., at 39, Drummond-crescent, Euston-square, where I knew he lived, from information I received from Mr. Evans—I searched his apartment, and found this metal box—I took it up and opened it—he said, "Oh that is of no consequence, there is nothing in it, it is only an old tobacco-box"—seeing it was of no value I put it in again, and there it remained till Mrs. Rathbone came and saw it, and claimed it.






WILLIAM HARRIS
. I am an accoutant, living at No. 9, Homer-row, Green lodged with me from Sept., 1842, till Oct., 1843—he lived with me on the 11th of May.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. How did he conduct himself while with you? A. I considered him a very honest young man—he was then shopman to Mr. Evans—he appeared industrious.

COURT. Q. What hours did he keep at night? A. Why, sometimes he used to come in rather late; it might be one or two o'clock in the morning occasionally—I did not see what he had in his room.

MRS. RATHBONE
re-examined. These candlesticks, snuffers and tray, are my husband's, and were safe in the house when I locked it up at Easter—this little box was locked in my writting-desk—I have known it ever since I was a child—it belonged to my father—the writing-desk is gone—this toast-rack and looking-glass are ours; also this carpet and rug (Produced by Goff)—they were all safe in the house—I had locked the door of the room up stairs, and the street door.





JOSEPH ROWLES
 (police-constable L 44.) In May, 1840, I was at the Surrey Sessions, and saw Nimmo tried for felony—I produce a certificate of his conviction from the office of the clerk of the Peace—(read.)

NIMMO—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


GREEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

There were two other indictments against the prisoners.)
