



634. 




MARGARET SWANICK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of January, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 15s.; 1 bag, value 2s.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 3 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 six-pence; the property of 



Sarah Mannsell.






SARAH MANNSELL
. I am a servant, and lodged at Mrs. Fuller's, in Great Barlow-street, as I was out of place—I had been there a fortnight. The prisoner, who was a stranger, came there about five o'clock in the evening, on the 24th of January—Mrs. Fuller did not know her before—she came with the pretence of taking a lodging—I was out at the time—when I came home she was there—I had a bag there, containing a sovereign and one half-sovereign, three half-crowns, two shillings, and one sixpence in a purse, also a handkerchief, and shawl—we drank tea together, and talked a great deal about her mistress, and so on—we were in a room on the second floor—she said, would I like to take something to drink—I said, no, I did not want any thing—I was at needlework—at last I consented, and she took a small bottle from the cheffioneer, and went out—I lighted her down, and she said, would I lend her my shawl, to go next door—I lent it her—she went out, and did not return—I looked, and missed my things—she was taken in three days—I found this purse, which is mine, and 6s. 6d. in it—that is all I have got back.





MARY ECKETT
. I live at the Marylebone station-house. On Saturday morning, the 25th of January, the prisoner was brought there—I searched her, and found this purse, with 6s. 6d. in it, and 1s. 2 1/2 d. in copper in her pocket—she said nothing to me.

Prisoner. You asked me where I came from—I said I was a servant, and took my wages on the Tuesday night, and you said, "Poor girl, I am very sorry." Witness. I did not.





JAMES PORTER
 (police-constable D 55.) I took her on the 25th of January to the station-house on another case—when I got there, the inspector had a description of her in the book—she was searched, and the purse found.

Prisoner's Defence. I left my place, and took a lodging in Homer-street—I was there four nights—as I was coming out on Saturday morning, my lodger asked me if I knew any body who would buy some gowns—she asked me to take the gowns—I went to a person I knew to see if she would buy them, and she followed me and gave me in charge—this purse my sister gave me when she was dying—there is a tassel off it—I know nothing of the prosecutrix.





SARAH MANNSELL
. I never saw the prisoner till that night—I am sure this is my purse.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
