




1092. 




WILLIAM BOWLES
 and 




ROBERT JONES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of Feb., 220lbs. weight of coals, value 2s.; the goods of 



Conrad Nohlgemuth, in a barge on the 
navigable River Thames; and that Jones had been before convicted of felony.






JOEL BARTON
. I am wharf-clerk to Mr. Conrad Nohlgemuth, a coalmerchant at Crow's-nest Wharf, Lower East Smithfield—he had a barge called the William, at Hereford-stairs, on the 16th of Feb.—the coals in it were his property—there were about three tons in one room of the barge, and some Holy well coals in another room—I have examined the coals produced by the officers, and believe them to be my master's—I missed about half a ton from the barge.





JAMES WILLIAM GRIFFITH
 (Thames police-constable, No. 15.) At half-past six in the morning, on the 16th of Feb, I was on duty, and saw the two prisoners alongside the barge William; one of them was in the barge, but I could not see which, and the other was in the boat—I made towards them, as soon as they saw me, the one in the barge jumped into the boat, and they rowed away—I followed, and got into their boat, and asked where they got the coals that were in their boat—there were about 224lbs. of coals there—they said they got them from a barge alongside the tier—but they had no business to take them from there—I went alongside the William, and in No. 2 room I found a basket and shovel—that was the room which the coals they had seemed to have come from—I compared the coals in their boat with those in the barge—they appeared to correspond in every respect, as near as I could judge—supposing them to have been taken from the plugs of a barge, as they said they had, they must have been wet, and they were quite dry, like those in the barge.

Bowles. You said if your mate had been quicker in the boat, I should not have seen you. Witness. I could not see which of you it was in the barge, it was not light enough; but I thought it was Jones.





JOSEPH SHAY
 (Thames police-constable, No. 40.) I was in the galley, and saw the prisoners row away from the barge—I took them to the barge, and the coals in their boat seemed to be the same as those in the barge.

Bowles's Defence. They rowed us from the barge about half an hour, and then they returned to the barge—the basket and shovel we know nothing about—the coals we had we got out of the plug of an old barge, with an old kettle.

Jones's Defence. We went down to an old barge, and looked down the plug—we got them in the boat—the boat shoved off—we could not keep her off this barge—we got on the thwart to shove her off, and the officers took us.





JAMES PECKHAM
 (police-constable M 229.) I produce a certificate of Jones's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

BOWLES—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Three Months.


JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

