



13. 




CHARLES THOMPSON, alias
 Williams,

 was indicted

for feloniously and knowingly uttering, on the 
29th of Oct., a counterfeit shilling, having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.,


MISSES. ELLIS and BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Charles Thompson at this Court at the January Sessions, 1840—I have examined it with the original record, and it is a true copy—(read.)





CHARLES PETTY
 (police-constable N 189.) I know the prisoner perfectly well—I was present when he was tried and convicted in the name of Charles Thompson, at this Court in Jan., 1840, for uttering counterfeit coin.





CATHERINE ATKINSON
. I was assistant to Mr. Binstead, a stationer in

Sydney-place, Commercial-road. On the 29th of Oct., between half-pest one and half-past two, the prisoner came for a penny sheet of the best letter paper, and offered me a good half-crown in payment—I gate him 2s. 1d., which was all that was in that till, and I said I must trouble him to go to the other side for the rest of the change—I am quite sure the shillings I gave him were good ones—I saw them as they laid in the till, and on the counter, and I saw they were good ones—he rang them on the counter, and as I was crossing over to the other counter he called me back, and said that one of the shillings I bad given him was a bad one—I told him that I had given him two good ones—he asked me to look at one of them—Mr. and Mrs. Binstead were in an adjoining room—I called Mn. Binstead, and asked her in the prisoner's presence if she had taken the two shillings that were in the till that morning in the course of business—she said she had, and they were both good onesthere was no money in the till besides the 2s. 1d.—Mrs. Binstead said she was certain that he must have been there before, for she had too often been served such tricks as these—she looked at the bad shilling, and afterwards gave it to Mr. Binstead.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you ask Mrs. Binstead whether the had taken a bad shilling that morning? A. No—I asked her if she had taken the money that was in the till—I saw her give the shilling to Mr. Binstead—I did not see what became of it after.





JOSEPH GOLDIKO BINBTEAD
. I was called into the shop on the 29th of Oct., and saw the prisoner at the counter—I received two shillings, and took a half-crown from the till—one of the shillings was bad—I kept it in my possession till I gave it to the sergeant at the station—I asked the prisoner what he had got to say in the matter, or what it was—he said the lady had given him a bad shilling—I asked who and what he was—he said he was a cabinetmaker out of work—I asked his address—he said he lived in Fore-street, Limehonse, and he did name the number—I cannot say what number it was, but I knew at the time that he did not live there, because I knew the number that be gave—I asked him what he wanted the paper for—he said to write to his sister—be wished the half-crown to be returned, which I declined doing, or the other money either—I sent my son for an officer, and Harris came.

Prisoner. Q. Who gave you the counterfeit shilling? A. I cannot swear who gave it, or whether I took it from the counter.





BENJAMIN HARRIS
 (police-constable K 19.) I received a bad shilling from Mr. Binstead, with a good one, and produce them.





GREGORY WILLIAM PAGE
. I am servant to Mr. Kay, a chemist, in Upton-place, Commercial-road, about two or three dozen yards from Mr. Binstead s. On the 29th of Oct., shortly after one o'clock in the day, the prisoner came and asked for a penny-worth of sugar of lead—I served him—he gave me a half-crown, which appeared to be a good one—I gave him four sixpences, and was about to give him fivepenny-worth of halfpence change, when he asked me if I had not two shillings instead of the four sixpences—I said, "No"—he said, "Give me the half-crown, and I will give you a shilling"—I did so, and he gave me the sixpences—he then gave me a bad shilling—I saw it was bad, but I gave him the change, without' saying anything to him—I let him go out of the shop, then called the man out of the yard to attend to the shop, and followed him—when he got a few doors past the shop, a woman came up to him, and walked with him, till they got a few doors past the George—he then parted from the woman, and went into Mr. Binstead's shop—I waited outside, and saw the policeman go in, and come out with him in custody—I went to the station—I kept the shilling which the prisoner gave me, in my hand, apart from all other money—I gave it to Mumford.


Prisoner. Q. If it was a bad shilling why did you give me the change? A. There was nobody in the shop but myself, and if I had gone to open the door, you might have gone out, and I might not have seen any thing more of you.





GEORGE MUMFORD
 (police-constable K 207.) On the 29th of Oct. I was called to Mr. Binstead's shop, and received the prisoner in charge—Page afterwards gave me this shilling—I searched the prisoner at the station, but found nothing on him—I merely looked into his hands at the shop.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. One of the shillings produced by Harris is a counterfeit, the other is a good one—the one produced by Mumford is counterfeit—I have compared them, and they are both counterfeit, alike in all respects, and were both cast in the same mould—I am quite sure about that.

Prisoner's Defence. I deny being in the chemist's shop at all; I was at the other shop, and changed the half-crown; the woman gave me the two shillings in change; before she left the counter at all, I took them up, sounded them, and objected to one of them; she took it up, and said she did not think she had such a thing in the till; she called Mrs. Binstead, and asked if she had taken a bad shilling that morning; if she had been certain they were both good she would not have asked that question; she did not examine them, she only saw them lying in the till; the lady who actually took the money over the counter is not brought forward; I never had either of the shillings in my possession; if I had changed one shilling for another I must have bad another about me, and nothing was found on me.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

