






1105. 




HENRY BRIANT
,




EDWARD FOY
alias 
Chandler

, 




ANN HENDLEY
, and 




ANN DICKENSON



, burglary in the dwelling-house of 



Henry Coombs, and stealing a jacket, 2 pairs of trowsers, and other articles, value 2l., his goods: also, 1 time-piece, 1 pair of trowsers, and other articles, value 4l.; the goods of 



William Charles.


MR. PLUMPTREE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH COOMBS.
 I am the wife of Henry Coombs, of 22, Northampton-street, King's-cross—it is his dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Pancras. On Saturday, 18th March, I left the house at a quarter past nine o'clock—I am quite confined that I shut the door after me—I returned about half-past ten, and found the house had been broken open; and there were several policemen and neighbours in it—I missed a jacket, two pairs of trowsers, three sheets, two table-cloths, several small pieces of silver coin, and a purse—I found a poker, which belonged to the lodger in the back room, lying on the table, bent double—the street-door opens with a latch—this is the key—William Charles, his wife, and Mrs. Brown, lodge in our house.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. Are you about the time? A. Yes, quite, because my husband had go to a club, and I looked at the

clock—all the lodgers have latch-keys—I do not know whether the lodgers were in when I went out, but I think not.





SUSAN CHARLES.
 I lice with my husband, in this house. On Saturday night, 18th March, I went out at twenty minutes to nine o'clock, came back at five minutes to nine, and observed two men standing on the step of the door, and the door open—Briant is one of them—I asked them what they pleased to want—he said to the other that they had made a mistake in the house, that it was next door they wanted, and not ours—I went up stairs, and shut the street-door after me—they went off the step of the door, and I lost sight of them—our room is above the parlour—I and mu husband went out again at five minutes past nine—my husband locked the door, and I saw him put the key into his pocket—we returned at twenty minutes past ten, and found the street-door locked and bolted—my husband got in at the back, and I heard him unbolt the door from the inside—our room door was open, and the room had been robbed of a time-piece, a pair of trowsers, three shirts, two silk handkerchiefs, and a great many things, worth altogrther about 4l.—the police were called.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever before seen either of those persons at the door? A. Not to my knowledge—it was a beautiful moonlight night—there was a gas-lamp about two doors off—Briant's face was towards the kerb, and the other's towards the doors when I came up—that was all I saw of them—I saw Briant again on Monday morning, at the Police-station—the policeman fetched me, and said he had got a man on suspicion of entering the house—I saw Briant and Ann Hendley at the station—the policeman pointed out Briant—I told the policeman on the Sunday morning that I had seen two men on the steps—IL did not see them above a minute, but I took particular notice of them, because they stood so steadfast.





ELLEN JONES.
 I live at 18, Suffolk-street, King's-cross. On Saturday night, 18th March, my mother sent me out on an errand—I went down Northampton-street, and stood on the step of 23, taking to a girl I knew—that is next door to Mr. Coombs—I saw the prisoners, Briant and Foy, standing on the step of Coombs' door, and the two female prisoners on the opposite side of the way, with a large market-basket—I am quite sure the prisoners are the same persons—I noticed them very much—they were trying to open the door; and when they saw me noticing them, they began knocking at the door—the two women went down to the bottom of the street, and changed their shawls—I knew the men by sight, and also Ann Hendley—I have seen her frequently.

Cross-examined. Q. Were their faces towards the door? A. Yes. they were trying to open it—they had a key—I fold the policeman of this the same night—I went two the Police-court on the Monday—I have seen the other witnesses, but have not talked the matter over with them.





ELIZA PERRING.
 I live at 12, Northampton-street, king's-cross, directly opposite Mr. Coombs. On Saturday night, 18th March, about ten minutes before nine o'clock, I saw Briant and another on the kerb-stone opposite the door, and Hendley near our house—IL saw Briant again at a quarter past nine, at the same place; and I saw Handley walking by our door frequently that night.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen either of them before? A. No—I saw them again on Monday morning—the second time Briant was alone—I heard a disturbance, and went over to Mr. Coombs' to see what was the matter; and there I stated to the policeman that I had seen the two men—the policeman took me to the Police-court—we went to the station to identify

the prisoners—he did not say he had got the men in custody—he told me to come and see if I knew them again—I identified them directly—they were brought out of the cell.





JAMES LAKE.
 I live at 16, Northampton-street, and am a barometermaker. On Saturday night, 18th March, a few minutes after nine o'clock, as I was coming out of the door, I saw two young men trying to get into No.15—I cannot swear to them—I went down a little further, and saw the two young women.





GEORGE GRAHAM.
 I am a pawnbroker, at Chichester-place, King's-cross. I produce a pair of trowsers and a towel, pawned by Hendley, on 18th March, about ten o'clock at night.





ISAAC HUGHES PUGH.
 I am a pawnbroker, at Acton-place, Bagnigge Wells-road. I produce a jacket, towel two sheets, and a shirt—the jacket and towel were pledged by Dickenson on Saturday night, 18th March, between nine and eleven o'clock





JEREMIAH LOCKABY
(policeman, S 180.) From information, I went to 50, Brill-row, Somers-town, into a back room on the second floor, and found Briant and Dickenson in bed together—I told Briant I wanted him—he said, "Very well, I will go with you"—I found in hid room this life-preserver (produced) three keys, and a chisel—he said, "Don't take that chisel; my father left it here on Saturday night for me to do a job with"—I took Dickenson on the 22nd, and told her what for—she said, "I was not out at all on Saturday night; my landlady can prove it"—I took Foy in a public-house in Judd-street, on the 24th—I said, "I want you"—he said, "So help me God, I do not think you have got me to-rights; if I thought you had got me to rights as you have Briant, I would rip your guts out"—I had not said a word about Briant—at the Police-court, next day, he said, "I saw you coming; I ran into the public-house; I did not think you saw me; if I thought you had, I would haves got out the back way over the wall, and come through one of the other houses"—Hendley gave me these three keys(produced) when she was brought to the station.





JOHN DEAR.
 (policeman, S 381.) I took Hendley—on friday night I was in Judd-street with Lockaby, and saw Foy—as we approached him, he left two persons he was speaking to, and went into a public-house—Lockaby went and took him—he told him what for—he said, "I will go with you quietly if you do not handcuff me"—we were gone a very few yards into the street before he said, "If I thought you had got me to rights as you have Briant, I would rip your b—guts out"—he threw us both on the ground—I laid hold of him, put handcuffs on him, and took him to the station—I have tried these two keys given up by Hendley, and they will open Mr. Goombs' door—it is a very common latch.





WILLIAM CHARLES.
 I lodged at Mr. Coombs'. On Saturday night. 18th March, I left the house at five minutes past nine o'clock—I locked the door, and tried it—I returned at twenty minutes past ten, and found the people who live in the back parlour standing at the door, and could not get in—I went next door and over the wall, and found the back door open, and all the doors in the house open—my own room door was also open—these trowsers are mine—I had seen them about nine o'clock, and missed them afterwards.





ELIZABETH BROWN.
 I am wife of Charles Brown, of 8, Suffolk-street, King's-cross. On 18th March I lodged in Mr. Coombs' back parlour—I went out that about ten minutes to nine o'clock, and locked the door after me—Mrs. Coombs was then on the step, talking to a person—the street door, was open—I came back about half-past nine—I put the key in the door, and

found it fast—I could not get in—I afterwards got in, and found my roomdoor open and unlocked—my husband was not in.





ELIZABETH COOMBS

re-examined. This jacket, the towels, and sheets are my husband's—I had seen them safe about a quarter before nine o'clock the same evening—I believe I was the last person to go out—I always pull the door to after me, and try it—my lodgers were home before me.

The prisoner Foy called






MARY CHANDLER.
 I live at 2, Miller-street, Camdentown. On 18th March I went out to market at nine o'clock, and left my son at home—I went home again at past ten, I cannot say how much, and he had just gone out—I do not know where Northampton-street is.





JOHN DEAR

re-examined. Miller-street is about ten minutes' or a quarter of an hour's walk from Northampton-street.

BRIANT—


GUILTY*.* Aged 21.

FOY—


GUILTY*.
 Aged 19.

HENDLEY—


GUILTY. Aged 18.

DICKENSON—


GUILTY. Aged 20.







Transported for Ten Years.

