



1975. 




JOHN WARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of March, 1 shawl, value 15s., the goods of 



Patrick Welch; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






CATHERINE WELCH
. I am the wife of Patrick Welch, and live in York-court,

Marylebone. On the 14th of March my shawl was on a table just under my parlour window—I missed it about four o'clock in the afternoon—I saw the prisoner running from the window down through the court—a man from the window could reach it—this is it.





JOHN WELCH
. I live in York-court. I was at my mother's door on the 14th of March—I saw the prisoner lift up the window and take the shawl out, and run down the court as fast as he could—I followed, and begged him not to take it—he turned back, used a bad expression, and said, if I said a word he would transport me, so help him God he would say I took the shawl; and my father being out of town, I got frightened—I had known him before.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not meet me at the corner of Lisson-grove that day? A. No, I did not meet any one in Crawford-street.





MARY WARNE
. I am the wife of William Warne, a shoemaker, in the Harrow-road. The prisoner brought this shawl to my shop for sale, on the 14th of March—he asked 12s. for it—I said I did not want such a thing—he said he had taken it in the country in exchange for goods—I pawned it for 8s. and gave him the money—he asked me to purchase the ticket as it was of no use to him, and I did.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not see another person, and give him some beer out of a glass? A. No; you called two or three days after, and I gave you 6d. for the ticket; John Welch came when I paid it—he was not with you when you brought the shawl.





WILLIAM LEONARD
 (police-constable D 50.) I took the prisoner, and told him what it was for—he made no reply, but afterwards said Welch gave him the shawl at the corner of William-street.

Prisoner's Defence. I was at the corner of William-street; Welch came and said he had been in the Park, and found a shawl, if I would sell it he would give me 1s.; he told me to go to Warne's; I went and said I wanted 5s.; she said she had no money, but would see if she could pawn it; she came back, and said she had pawned it for 5s., and had lost the ticket; I did not see the ticket; I took the 5s. to Welch, and he gave me 1s.





JOHN WELCH

re-examined. I lent the prisoner 1s., and asked him for it on Sunday—he said, if I would go a little way, he had 1s. owing him, and he would pay it—he went to Warne's house—she could not give him 1s.—she gave him sixpence, and he gave it to me—I never went to Warne's house to pawn the shawl, or see it pawned.





RICHARD RINGHAM
. I am a jobbing man, and work for Mr. Byfeild. I live in Devonshire-place, Lisson-grove. I was standing at the corner of Homer-street, about the 14th of March—Welch came to me and said, "Have you seen anything of Ward?"—I said, "No"—he said, "I have just nailed a shawl worth 30s., and he has run away, I am afraid he won't give it me"—I do not know what day of the week the 14th of March was—I never took notice—I never heard anything about it till three weeks ago, when Welch came and asked me after Ward—I thought it was the 14th of March—it is a good while ago—I had seen Welch about three times with Ward—I have only known Ward ten months—I have not associated much with him—I have no reason for saying it was that day—I only know it from what I was told by Ward's father—no one else was present.





MARTHA KELLY
. I go out washing. I was coming out of York-court, between twelve and one o'clock, and saw Welch half way down the court with the shawl under his arm—I did not tell Mrs. Welch what her son had done—I happened to lose the ticket of a shawl, and went for an affidavit—I saw the prisoner in the Court-house, and asked what it was for—I was told

it was for a shawl that John Welch gave him to pawn, or to sell—I do not know which—there was a young person with me—I will take my oath to the shawl Welch had under his jacket—I could not tell whether it was on his right or left side—I had not known him before—I saw him coming out of the parlour window, and go towards East-street—I do not know whether he that the window, nor what he was dressed in—I believe he had a fustian jacket on I could almost take my oath it is the same he has on now—it is the same-he walked away—he did not say anything to any one—I never saw the other young woman—I do not know her name—I did not see Ward—I do not know him if I saw him—I do not know his father and mother any more than from seeing them outside—I came here to-day of my own accord by myself—his step-father lives in York-court, the same court where this took place—I do not know him, and was never in his house, nor in bis mother's house—I never exchanged three words with either of them in my life.





MATILDA WATTS
. I saw John Welch come out of his mother's window, with a bundle under his jacket, on a Tuesday, in March—I cannot say what day of the month it was—I saw the black, and I saw the fringe—it looked to me like a shawl—I live in the court—I was coming down the court, from Davis-street, with my little girl in my hand—it was between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day—I knew Mrs. Welch—I did not tell her of the robbery, because it is no use telling her, she will always hold with her own child—I went out to my work—I had a glimpse of Kelly-there, but I did not speak to her till to-day or yesterday—I came here because I thought it a shame for one to suffer for another—I came up of my own accord—I know the prisoner's father-in-law—I first heard of the prisoner being taken up two or three days ago, and I thought if he had no imprisonment I would not interfere about it—I go out washing early in the morning, and return late at night—I live with my father—he is old—he was a sailor, and has got a pension—I have heard within three weeks that Ward was taken up—I heard he was at Marylebone office—I told a neighbour that I saw Welch go out with a bundle—I did not go to Marylebone office—Welsh was dressed in a fustian jacket and trowsers—I did not notice whether he shut the window—I spoke to nobody about it.





THOMAS MANNING
. I am the prisoner's step-father, and live in York-court. Last Wednesday Mrs. Welch sent for me, and said she wanted nothing but her own—she asked me 1l. 15s. for the shawl, and said she did not wish to take the bill out, because her own boy was guilty; and then her daughter said she would take a guinea, and the daughter took a guinea of me—I met Welch and my boy together, at three o'clock, in the Bayswater-road, and they gave a pint of beer to a woman.





CATHERINE WELCH

re-examined. I did not take the guinea—my daughter was on a sick-bed—he put it down, and my daughter took a buss, and came and brought it down here after him, and gave it to the officer—it was only to say it was not my property—Kelly lives in my brother's house—my boy was with me on the 14th of March, and came back with me—he came in two minutes before me—I had the key of my door in my hand—when I saw the prisoner run from my house, I stood thirty or forty yards from the boy, and he stood at my door waiting for me—my boy ran down after the prisoner, and returned back to me in about a minute, and said, "John Welch has taken your shawl, and he says if you will persevere he will transport me"—my husband was at work at that time for his employer in the country—he has been at home now about a fortnight—as soon as he came home my boy told him—I then went to where the prisoner live, and he was taken—Kelly cohabits with the Wards—she is there daily—I can swear that my boy was not

out of my sight from the time I put my shawl off my back on to the table, till I missed it.





JOHN WELCH

re-examined. I was not with the prisoner about three o'clock the same day in the Bayswater road—I did not see him, or go with him that day, after he had run away with the shawl—I was with my mother all that day—I did not leave home all day—my mother went out, but I stopped in the room—I was in the yard when she came with the keys—I had been to the water-closet.





ELIZABETH SEBLEY
. I live in Ward's-buildings, Great Woodstock-street—I saw the guinea paid to Mrs. Welch's daughter—I know the prisoner and his friends, but I am not living with him—I never stopped away from my father's an hour in my life.





JOHN SHOVELLER
 (police-constable D 155.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. * Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

