



790. 




THOMAS EDWARDS



, burglary in the dwelling of 



Frederick Lindsay Cole, and stealing 2 pairs of trouser, and shirts, and other articles, value 7l. 10s.; his goods.






EDWARD BUTCHER.
 I lived at Smith's-terrace, chelsea. On Saturday evening, about half-past eight o'clock, I was sent for from the Phœnix tavern, went into the garden, and saw the prisoner in Mr. Cole's parlour, next door, packing up clothes—I got on the wall and looked in, then went for a policeman, then got on the wall again, and saw the prisoner go down into the kitchen, and come up the area, and scale the walls—I followed him—the policeman caught me, but let me go, and I caught the prisoner in Markham-street—I did not lose sight of him—I and the policeman took him to the station, and found four silk handkerchief in his hat.





PATRICK HAMILL
 (policeman, B 134.) I was sent for a Smith-street—I caught Butcher crossing the wall, but let him go, and followed the prisoner—we caught him in Markham-street, took him to the station, and found on him silk handkerchiefs, two silk scarfs, and a latch-key (produced.)





FREDERICK LINDSEY COLE.
 I was dining at the Phœnix-tavern, and was sent for by Mrs. Butcher, about half-past eight o'clock—I went home, and could not get in, as the door-latch was fastened—I got over Butcher's wall, went into my kitchen, and saw a bundle tied up in the area, ready to be carried away—I gave it to the constable—the clothes in it are party mine, and partly my brother's the whole of the drawers upstairs had been opened, and the things turned over.






WILLIAM COLE.
 I live at Smith's-terrace, Chelsea. I came home at a quarter to nine o'clock, met Butcher and Hamill, and went with them to the back-entrance, not being able to get in at the front—I missed some handkerchiefs and wearing-apparel from a drawer—these handkerchiefs are mine (produced)—a square of glass had been broken in the back-kitchen window, which was opened—it was safe when I left.




GUILTY. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.

