



604. 




WILLIAM ROBINSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of Jan., at 
St. Luke, 36 yards of carpet, value 6l. 15s., the goods of 



Richard Phillips, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE MOORE
. I am porter to Mr. Richard Phillips, of No. 24, Chiswell-street, in the parish of St. Luke. At half-past six o'clock, on Wednesday evening, the 18th of Jan., as I was going through the shop, I saw this carpet lying unrolled—I rolled it up—I saw no more of it till the policeman came about ten next morning, and inquired about it—I then looked round, and it was gone.





WILLIAM PHILLIPS
. I am the prosecutor's son—my father is an auctioneer—I live with him. On the morning of the 19th of Jan., the policeman came to our house, and asked if we missed any carpet—I looked round, and saw the space where the carpet had stood the day before—I went to the station with him, saw it there, and identified it—this is it—it is my father's—it cost us 3s. 9d. a yard—there are thirty-six yards—it is new—we had had it three or four months—the ticket is on it now, marked 4s. 3d.,
in my own writing.





JOHN JENKINSON
 (police-constable 53.) On Wednesday, the 18th of Jan., at twenty minutes to eight o'clock in the evening, I was passing along Old-street, near St. Luke's Hospital, about the eighth of a mile from Mr.

Phillips's house, and observed the prisoner and another leaning against the carpet, which was then resting on the iron railing—as soon as the prisoner saw me he turned round, and put his hand on the carpet—I had previously known him as a thief—I asked him how he came in possession of the carpet—he said, "It is not mine, it is his"—pointing to his companion—I took both by the collar—I asked the other how he came possessed of it—he said, "It was given us to carry by a man"—I said I should take them to the station, I did not feel satisfied about it—they both resisted very much—I was obliged to let the other go—the prisoner knocked me down, gave me a black eye, bit me, and kicked me—further assistance arrived, and I conveyed him to the station—I went down next morning to Mr. Phillips, and asked if they had lost a carpet—they owned this.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about stealing the carpet from the house; I was walking along the street, and was accused of stealing it; he let the other man go.





JOHN JOHNSON
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

