



13. 




ROBERT WOODGATE
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 40l.; 1 chain, 7l.; and 1 seal, 3l.; the goods of 



Francis William Medley, from his person.






FRANCIS WILLIAM MEDLEY
. I am a stock-broker. On the 9th of Nov., from half-past three to four o'clock in the afternoon, I was going down Ludgate-hill with my friend Mr. Sutton, and we were hustled in a mob—I noticed the prisoner in the crowd—there was a great number of them, and he was pressed by the crowd next to mer-a girl on my left side called out that her arm was broken, which naturally made me shrink from her, and the moment I did so I felt the prisoner put his hand into my pocket, and draw my watch out—I seized him to get hold of my watch, which was in his hand, but he passed it to another, and I saw it pass to another—I collared him, and they tried to get him away—he tried to bite me while I held him—I suppose a dozen of them pressed me and tried to separate me from my friend—as I called out for the police the mob drowned my voice, they would not let me be heard—it was some minutes before I could get a policeman up to me—they were not far from me, but the crowd would not let them come—a policeman in plain clothes came—I refused to give him to him—two other policemen came, but the mob would not let them come near me till they produced

their staves—they then came and took him from me—it was a goldwatch, chain, and seals—they cost me seventy guineas—no young woman had her arm broken—I have no doubt that it was all a scheme.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you ascertain that distinctly? A. No, I heard nothing more about the broken arm—Lord Mayor's show had not passed, people were waiting to see it—I was walking on the pavement—there was a very great crowd—this was a crowd made on purpose—they first allowed us to proceed down the road, and then prevented our getting back—I believe the number of my watch was 640—Mr. Cumming was the maker—I put no advertisement in the paper—I had given authority to my solicitors, Messrs. Vallance and Co., to put an advertisement in the news-paper for the recovery of what I had lost—I did not see it before I read it in the paper—it was correct except the word "lost," which they adopted—I was arm-in-arm with my friend—one was as near to the wall as the other, for we could not walk along—we were stationary—we were stopped from going on for several minutes on account of the crowd surrounding us—we were pressed on all sides—my friend was on my left, the woman was on my left, rather before us, on his left—the prisoner stood on my right—my watch was in my trowser's fob—it had no guard to it—my attention was attracted to the young lady with the broken arm—I have mentioned that before, but do not know whether it is in my deposition—the prisoner was pressed next to me by the crowd—I will not take upon myself to say I saw the watch absolutely in his hand—I felt it leaving my pocket, for it was a very large one* and as he took it underneath, I snatched at it—should hardly like to swear I saw it in his hand, but I felt his hand, and saw him pass it from me—I saw his pass his hand along, and another snatched it underneath as he passed it behind—I did not see his hand in my pocket—there was very great pressure—his hand was underneath my coat when I seized it—it was the coat which I have on now.

COURT. Q. Did you see his hand when you seized it? A. I did not seize his hand—I made an attempt to do so—I seized him by the collar—I held him about four minutes—I did not see the watch at all—I saw it passed from one to another—I saw the motion of its going from the prisoner to some one else, and handed over to a third—I called out, "That man has now got my watch,' thinking somebody might assist me, but they were all in league—I raised myself up as high as I could, to see all I could—I was holding the prisoner by the collar, which gave me an opportunity of being higher up than he was—I was almost carried off my feet—I believe I was as calm as I could be under the circumstances.





ROBERT SUTTON
. I am a stock-broker, and belong to the Royal Exchange. On the 9th of Nov. I and Mr. Medley were walking out of the City together—I heard him exclaim that he had lost his watch—we found ourselves surrounded—we could not get back or forward—I saw the watch in the hands of the prisoner—it was apparently a gold one—I immediately seized him—I saw another person take the watch out of his hand, while I had hold of him, and pass it into the crowd.

Cross-examined. Q. What was Mr. Medley doing all this time? A. Assisting me—when he called out we were standing together arm-in-arm—I think he was nearest the wall, but we were so hustled about, backwards and forwards, that I can hardly tell—the prisoner was immediately between us—we shifted about so that I cannot say whether he was before me or Mr. Medley—the instant Mr. Medley called out, I seized him, and never let go of him—I do not know whether Mr. Medley let go of him—I saw no young lady there, who complained of being hurt, but I am deaf—if there were ladies there, they were very likely to complain, for my back was blue—I

was swung round like a top—I do not know who was on my right or left—the prisoner had the watch in his hand after I seized him.





ROBINSON WEBB
 (City police-constable 658.) I heard a cry of "Police!"—I took the prisoner, and found 2s. and a knife on him, but no watch.




GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Ten Years.

