




1874. 




GEORGE DREW
 and 




HENRY WINFIELD
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Winfield, about the hour of one in the night of the 
14th of June, at 

St. Sepulchre, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 600 pence, his property.


MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WINFIELD
. I keep a coffee-house in Farringdon-street, in the parish of St. Sepulchre. On the night of the 14th of June, between twelve and one o'clock, I was aroused by the cry of "Murder!" from my man—I opened my bed-room window, and asked what was the matter—he said some person had broken into the house—I went down stairs, and found the kitchen window-shutter had been broken, and was lying down in the Wheatsheaf-yard—a cupboard was broken open, and ten five-shilling papers of halfpence gone—I found two of the papers on the window-cill, and eight afterwards in the yard adjoining—I believe they were all penny-pieces—I also saw a cap belonging to the prisoner Winfield, who is my brother.





JOHN MARVIN
. I am a jobbing butcher, and live in Seacoal-lane. About a quarter-past twelve o'clock on Monday night, the 14th of June, I went up the Wheatsheaf-yard, near the prosecutor's house, and saw a person there, who I believe to be the prisoner Drew—his back was to me at the time—I asked what business he had there—he made no answer—I then went home to bed—about half an hour afterwards a policeman came to me—I went with him to the Wheataheaf-yard, and found five papers of half-pence,

three whole ones, and the others broken—they were about ten yards from where I had seen Drew—the policeman and I picked them up—they were penny-pieces—they amounted to 25s.

Drew. Q. You said you only believed it to be me you saw? A. I believe it to be you—I cannot swear to you—you were stooping down, with your hands over your face—I believe it was you, but took no particular notice.





JAMES WILSON
. I am servant to the prosecutor. About one o'clock, on the morning of the 15th of June, I came down stairs to light the fires—ours is an early breakfast house—I unlocked the back kitchen door—I had a light, and as soon as I opened the door it was put out—I do not know whether it was knocked out, or whether it was the wind from the man's coat, bat a man came from the cupboard where the money was kept—I did not see the man's features, but I saw him making his escape from the window after my light was put out—I caught a glimpse of him going out—he went through the window, and drove the shutter along with him before him—the sash was open, and the shutter up—the sash is always shut down of a night—it was not up when I went to bed—I left my master up when I went to bed—as soon as the man got outside I gave an alarm, and jumped out of window, and the man was then just running round the corner of the house—he bad nothing on his head—I could see that from the light in the street—I know the prisoner Winfield—he had been in the habit of wearing a cap similar to this produced, which was found outside in the yard, underneath the shutters, and I put it inside—the shutter was broken at the corner, and the staple was broken—it was not broken by the man jumping through it, but to get in by—it must have been taken down to get in, and then put up again when they came inside—the prisoner Winfield did not live in the house—he came there to have his meals at times—the cap he wore was like this—I cannot swear it is the same—after the man had gone through the window I heard the noise of money—I had gone to bed at six o'clock the evening before, as I have to be up early.

Drew. Q. When you heard the noise in the yard, did you discern ray one? A. No, I could not see any one.





GEORGE TAYLOR
. I am servant to Mr. Phillips, of Farringdon-market I know Drew—on Monday night, about half-past twelve o'clock, I was crossing Farringdon-street opposite the prosecutor's house, and saw Drew there facing the prosecutor's house—I spoke to him—he made no answer, but turned his face away from me—I am sure it was Drew—he was in the street, not in the yard.

Drew. At the examination you stated that I pulled my hat over my face, and turned my collar up. Witness. You had your coat up—I positively swear to you—I looked right in your face, and said, "There you are, Drew," and he turned his head away from me—he had his coat up round his face—I could just see his eyes—I am not mistaken in him—I know him well—I saw his cheek and his nose.

MR. JONES. Q. Did you see his face before you spoke to him? A. Yes.





JAMES WINFIELD
. I am a green-grocer, and live in Great Bell Alley. I am brother to the prosecutor and prisoner—I saw the prisoner at my house on the Thursday evening after the robbery, which was on Monday—I asked him how he came to rob his brother—he told me that Drew had asked him to do it a dozen times before—I asked him how he got in—he

said he had got in at the kitchen window, up the Wheatsheaf yard; that they pulled the shutters open; that he got inside, and Drew was outside; that he with his knife cut the cupboard door, and pulled out a piece of the panel of the door—he then said he took the halfpence out of the cupboard, and gave them to Drew outside the window; that when he went back for some more, some one came down stairs with a light; and as soon as the light came into the room be blew it out, jumped through the window, and ran away—that was all he said to me.

COURT. Q. What induced you to ask him these questions? A. Nothing—I had not said any thing to him before—I had heard that he was suspected, but said nothing to induce him to tell me this.





WILLIAM MURLEY TEMPLEMAN
. I am a City policeman. On Monday night, the 14th of June, about twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, I saw the witness Marvin, and a person named John Sparrow, who was very much intoxicated, in the Wheatsheaf public-house yard, doing their occasions—I spoke to Marvin, and he went away—about half an hour afterwards, I heard a cry of "Murder" from the Wheatsheaf-yard—I was then about midway in Farringdon-street, coming down my beat—I proceeded towards the cry, went to the Wheatsheaf-yard, and saw a person running without any cap or hat on, in a frock coat, like the one Winfield has on—it appeared to me to be the prisoner Winfield—he turned up New-court—I had seen him before that same night, about twelve o'clock, in company with Drew, at the top of the Wheatsheaf-yard and Seacoal-lane—I knew them both before—I believe the person I saw running away to be Winfield—I pursued him, but was not able to overtake him—I afterwards went to Marvin's lodging, and we went together to the Wheatsheaf-yard—he pointed out a spot behind a hogshead there, and I found 25s. in penny pieces there—some were in paper, and some loose—I picked them up—I afterwards went to Drew's lodging, in Brazier's-buildings—I did not find him there—on the Thursday afterwards, I saw Winfield at Guildhall—I produce the copper, and the papers in which it was wrapped—I was shown a poker, which I compared with the marks on the cupboard door, and they exactly corresponded.

COURT. Q. About how far were the prisoners from the prosecutor's house when you saw them together at twelve o'clock? A. About one hundred yards—they were at the top of Wheatsheaf-yard, into which the prosecutor's back premises open—it is a thoroughfare running from Farringdon-street into Seacoal-lane—I have known them for the last two and half years—I can swear to Drew's person—Winfield bad a cap on like the one produced—about fifty minutes elapsed between my seeing them together and hearing the alarm—about twenty-five minutes before the alarm, I saw Drew alone in Farringdon-street—he made away when he saw me coming, as if to shun me—I swear it was him—he was close by the corner of the prosecutor's house.

Drew. Q. Can you positively swear that I made away from you? A. Yes—when you saw me running down past the fire establishment, you made away up the yard.





JOHN ROGERS
. I am a city policeman. I took Drew into custody on Wednesday, the 16th of June, at the prosecutor's house—he said, "I should like to speak to Mr. Winfield"—Mr. Winfield walked away—I took him to the station.






WILLIAM LOCKHART
. I am servant to the prosecutor—I went to bed on the night of the robbery, about half-past eleven o'clock—my mistress and I were the last persons up, and we went up stairs together—I fastened up the doors and shutters—the shutter, which was afterwards broken, I fastened myself before I went to bed.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What time did your master go to bed? A. About half-past ten o'clock, as near as I can say—I am quite sore he went to bed before me—there are six servants in the house—I do not think any of them were up besides me—it is my duty always to fatten the window—I think one female servant was up as well, but we all went up stairs together—I saw her go into her room—I sleep in the attic —I fastened the window with a staple.

MR. JONES. Q. When you, your mistress, and the female servant went up stairs, did you leave any one there belonging to the house? A. No.

COURT. Q. When you saw the kitchen window next, how did it appear to have been broken? A. As if it had been forced open with something—it was split like—it could be broken from the outside—they could then get their hand inside, and draw the staple—the window sash was not fastened—when the shutter was opened, the sash might be thrown up— after I had fastened the shutter, I put the sash down.

Drew to
JOHN WINFIELD. Q. You stated at Guildhall, that in Whit-sun week you found your brother concealed in your cellar? A. I did—he did not tell me at that time that you induced him to do it, but I knew you to be a bad character.

Drew's Defence. As for Taylor swearing he saw me in Farringdon-street, I might have been there for the same purpose as he was, working in the market—that is the way I get my living, and I am sometimes up all night waiting for the things to come in.

DREW—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Two Years.

WINFIELD—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

