





1763. 




CHARLES FRANCE
, and 




ELIZABETH SHARP
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of May, 1 mattress, value 5s.; 2 blankets, value 8s.; 3 pillows, value 10s.; 6 pillow-cases, value 10s.;6 sheets, value 2l.; 24 table-cloths, value 4l. 10s.; 15 towels, value 15s.; 1 cloak, value 20s.; 3 shawls, value 12s.; 1 counterpane, value 5s.; 1 bedstead, value 12s.; 4 night-gowns, value 4s.; 1 bedtick, value 15s.; 2 petticoats, value 2s. 6d.; 7 aprons, value 7s.; 10 yards of linen-cloth, value 20s.; 4 pewter pots, value 2s. 6d.; 4 brushes, value 10s.; 1 accordion, value 5s.; 2 yards of silk, value 1s. 6d.; 1 bed, value 15s.; 6 chain, value 20s.; 1 table, value 7s.; 26 printed books, value 30s.; 4 boxes, value 3s.; 1 breadbasket, value 6d.; 3 candlesticks, value 2s.; 1 tea-tray, value 6d.; 2 gowns, value 5s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 8d.; 1 night-cap, value 6d.; 1 cullender, value 5d.; 1 baking-tin, value 6d.; 1 egg-slice, value 6d.; 4 spittoons, value 4s.; and 1 quilt, value 2s.; the goods of 



Mary Ann Haldan.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN HALDAN
. I now lodge in Clerkenwell—I used to live at Little Dalby, in the county of Leicester—I left there soon after my mother died, which is about five months ago—at her death I came into the possession of 150l. in money, and some household furniture—I went to live at Oakham, in Rutlandshire, in the house of the father of John Sharp—an intimacy took place between me and John Sharp, and I was induced to come to London with him—I brought 110l. in money, some linen, plate, and other things—he had no money at all—we came to Paddington, took a lodging, and lived as man and wife—when I had been there about a fort-night, he told me be had taken a coffee-shop, and wanted 95l. to pay for it—I went the next day to see the shop, it was in St. John-street road, Clerken-well—I paid 5l. deposit, and after that the rest of the money—it is now about eight weeks since, we took possession of the house—I took a receipt for the money I paid—I have not got it—I gave Sharp money to buy tome furniture with—the table-linen and spoons I brought from the country—I took them to the house—when I had been there about a week, Sharp brought the two prisoners—he said Sharp was his own sister, and France was her husband—they were to come and live with us—they did so—they heard him say that one was his sister, and the other her husband—they did not deny it—after I had been there a little while, and they had come, John Sharp wished me to go into the country, to look after some more money—the two prisoners were present, and heard what took place—I agreed to go, and left on the 9th of May—I left Sharp and the two prisoners in charge of the house—I did not give either of them authority to sell the the property in the house—the prisoners were aware whose property was in the house—they said they knew Sharp had not 1s., or any property—I had told them it was all mine, and they said they knew it—the property was to be left in their charge when I went into the country—both John Sharp and I said so—I was gone a fortnight—when I returned, I found another person in possession of the shop—John Sharp was gone, and the two prisoners and all the property—I then applied to the policeman, and on the. following night I went with the officers to a house in the Vinegar-flound—we did not find any one there at first—I found nearly all my furniture there—I found the table and chairs, and mattress and other things—the prisoners came to the place the same evening these things were found.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. At the time you agreed to go and live with Sharp, you knew he was separated from his wife? A. Yes—he was a blacksmith at Oakham—I took the shop of Mr. King, I paid him the money—the prisoners acted as servants—I left John Sharp there, and expected to find him there when I went back—I went into the country for money, because there was not ready money enough to carry on the business—Sharp's name was over the shop—we appeared to the world as man and wife.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did the prisoners know you and Sharp were not married? A. Yes, it was the subject of conversation between me and Elizabeth Sharp—she knew Sharp was married to another woman—they knew Sharp had no money, and that the money and property was mine.





JANE HUGHES
. I lived at the coffee-shop at the time Sharp and the prisoners were there—when the prosecutrix went into the country Elizabeth Sharp assisted in the business, and France lived there—after the prosecutrix had gone, I saw all the furniture removed from the shop—I did not see John Sharp there at that time—he told me he had sold the business.

Cross-examined. Q. Elizabeth Sharp told you they were going, and asked you to call on them? A. Yes, at No. 14, Catherine-street.





CHARLES CUNNINOTON
. I now keep this coffee-shop in St. John-street-road—I happened to look in there three or four weeks ago—I saw John Sharp—he made some statement to me, and I bought this business for 50l.—I did not pay him all the money at once—I paid him 40l.—I saw the prisoners in the shop below—I did not hear any thing about where they were going—I know France, by seeing him there—John Sharp told me he was going to New Inn-yard—France was present when I paid him the money—France did not say any thing to me about the business.

Cross-examined. Q. When was this money paid? A. On the Wednesday week after—I paid a deposit on the 21st of May.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What was the reason of his giving you his address? A. Two things were taken there by mistake—the furniture was gone then, and among them two things which were included in the inventory—I applied to him to have them returned—he said they should be returned—he gave me this address.





JAMES CRISS
. I live in White Lion-street, Pentonville, my master lets out vans. On the 21st of May, I by his order took a van to the Star coffee-shop, in St. John-street-road—I got a load of goods, bed-steads, chairs, and other things—the two prisoners helped to load the van—I went at six o'clock in the morning—I moved them to No. 14, Catherine-street, St. Luke's—I did not take any to New Inn-yard—France went with me with the van—he did not say whose things they were.

Cross-examined. Q. Who paid for the van? A. John Sharp, he was present all the time, and managing sending away the things—I took them by daylight.





JOSEPH STANNARD
 (police-constable G 229.) On Friday, the 28th of May, the prosecutrix made a complaint to me about this—I took her to No. 14, Catherine-street, Vinegar-ground, City-road—we were let in by a young woman, who said she was a lodger—I had been there the greater part of the day, and could not get in—when I got in, the prosecutrix accompanied me, and the moment she got in she said the things were hers—I remained there till the prisoners came—France came first—I

asked what business he had there—he said he hired and rented the place—I asked if the property there was his—he said it was—I said he was my prisoner, for the property was stolen from a coffee-shop in St. John-street-road—I asked how he came by it—he said Sharp gave it him, for his services in the house—I took possession of the place, and was there all night—Elizabeth Sharp came there at twelve o'clock at night, and my sergeant took her.

Cross-examined. Q. You told France at first, that you should take him for having stolen property in his possession? A. Yes—he said, in going to the station, that I ought to take John Sharp, for he was the worst, for he led him into it.





HENRY KIDNEY
 (police-sergeant G 6.) I was at the house when Elizabeth Sharp came in—she sat herself down in the room—I told her I must take her into custody, on a charge of felony, or for assisting in committing felony, in taking these things from the coffee-shop—she said, "They are her goods, she may have them if she like a"—I broke open a box there, and found some linen and other articles, and some duplicates of a number of things.

FRANCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

SHARP—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported foe Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against Elizabeth Sharp.)
