



2182. 




GEORGE BIGGS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 crib; 1 hearthrug; 5 bedsteads; 1 bed, 5 blankets, 6 sheets, 2 bolsters, 3 pillows, 8 mattresses, 2 quilts, 4 chests of drawers, 3 looking-glasses, 1 couch-squab and bolster, 2 cheffoniers, 1 carpet, 30 yards of carpet, 22 chairs, 3 tables, 9 window-blinds, 8 candlesticks, 3 sets of book-shelves, 2 salt-boxes, 2 washing-tubs, 1 frying-pan, 3 washing-stands, 6 tea-trays, 1 plate-basket, 1 knife-box, 5 yards of oil-cloth, 1 hat-case, 2 bed-winches, 1 chest, 16 pictures and frames, 1 tray-stand, 1 door, 2 scrubbing-brushes, 1 bed-tick, 2 mattresses, 1 pail, 1 pair of bellows, 2 brushes, 2 tea-caddies, 2 clothes-horses, 2 pairs of slippers, 6 curtains, 1 image, 2 stools, 1 candle-box, 1 flour-tub, 1 foot-bath, 2 cullenders, 1 knife-board, 2 hones, 1 rule, 9 basins, 8 dishes, 24 plates, 24 saucers, 33 cups, 22 frocks, 2 pillow-cases, 1 net-frame, 3 towels, 1 mustard-pot, 1 seal, 4 decanters, 2 dram-glasses, 5 napkins, 4 pincushions, 2 salt-cellars, 5 jelly-glasses, I night-shirt, 3 cruets, 4 tumblers, 2 spoons, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 1 cork-screw, 1 pair of nut-crackers, 1 coat, 4 sets of fire-irons, 40 printed books, 4 table-mats, 30 pieces of brass mounting, 1 fork, 1 cheese-knife, 4 venetian blinds, 1 nigh-gown, 1 packing-case, 3 mats, 2 water-cans, 2 coal-scuttles, 1 kettle, 1 coffee-pot, and 5 saucepans; the goods of 



Joseph Lynes.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.







MARIA LYNES
. I am the wife of Joseph Lynes—we now live at No. 3, Little Chapel-street, So ho—my husband is a servant—he has been in place about three weeks or a month—we were living at No. 29, Burton-street, Bur-ton-crescent. At Midsummer last we owed some rent for that house, and we were distrained on for that rent—the prisoner was put into possession—he continued in possession thirteen or fourteen days—I afterwards made an arrange-ment with the landlord, Mr. Croxford, who is agent to Mr. Put tock, and the distress was taken out I think about the beginning of July—I afterwards saw the prisoner—he called once in a friendly way, and then I did not see him for some time—I remember his calling on the 17th of Sept.—I was very in-differently off at that time—I have seven children, two were away and five at home—when the prisoner called, my husband was not at home—he was not in a regular place, but was engaged at 10s. a week—the prisoner said, "How do you do?"—I said, "Pretty well"—he said, "How are you getting on?"—I said, "Very badly, I have bad an execution in for poor-rates, and for a security that we entered into for a person, and I expected an execution in for I my tuxes"—he said, "You may expect one again for your rent—I have seen I Puttock, and I shall have to come in"—he said Puttock had told him to get I ready to come into the house at quarter-da)—he said, "I would advise you to be in readiness, and clear off, or else you will not have a single thing left"—he

said, "I have got plenty of warehouse-room in my shop, and have got a large cellar—I can put away all your things, and take care of all your things, and when you have got another house you can have them again"—he said, "I am coming here to the Euston station on Saturday; if you can get the things ready, I will take home for you"—I was very sorry I had got lodgers—I had let my house and my parlours—I should be able to for 14s. a week, and if I could have another fortnight, I should be able to pay my way—he told me if I left it over Friday, he would not give a d—n for any of my things—this was on the 17th of Sept.—I said I would rather stop in my house, if I were sure they would take my things, because it was more honourable to stop than to go—he said, "D—n honour, will that keep your childred?;—he said a should be going to the Euston station on Saturday with a truck, and if I would get some things ready, he would take them with him—I parted with him on that agreement—I saw him again on the following Wednesday—he came by appointment on Wednesday evening—my husband was at home—me began to pack up the things, the prisoner and my husband and I together, and we went on till about nine o'clock—the first thing we took up was the drawing room carpet, and sent it by the can was not drawn up to secure the things for us, and he said, "I will give you a contract," which he never did—I gave him a shilling out of my pocket, and he fetched the stamps himself—the reason I gave him the shilling was, because somebody (but I do not know who) said, "who is to fetch the receipts?"—it was not myself said it—on it being asked, who was to go to fetch the receipts? I said, "Emma," meaning a servant that lived with me, named Emma Wood—the prisoner said, "I will go," and I gave him a shilling out of my pocket to fetch them—he went out and brought in three stamps—he put them in his pocket—there was nothing more done till the things were all packed—we went on packing, and the prisoner assisted—the went on packing till three o'clock—that was three o'clock in the morning of Thursday, the 24th of Sept.—at three o'clock we had coffee, and the prisoner drew up the three receipts himself—my husband was asleep at the time—I said to him, "Business first, and sleep afterwards"—I awoke him up, and when he was awake he turned round and signed the three bills—I cannot tell you whether he looked at them—he put his name to the papers—when my husband awoke and signed them, the prisoner put them into his pocket, and I never saw them afterwards—the prisoner said, "We will sign them at different dates, or else they will look so like a fraud"—the prisoner wrote what he pleased—my husband said he did not understand them, he was not a man of business, and the prisoner wrote what he pleased—the receipts were not shown or read to me—the prisoner turned and showed them round to Emma Wood, and said, "I should think will do"—she said, "I should think it would"—the prison said he had engaged a van for five o'clock, and at five o'clock a van a two men came that the prison had engaged, and the prisoner, the two men, and my husband assisted to pack the things in—they would not all go into one one van, and the prisoner desired another van to be sent for—my husband's daughter went for one—the rest of the goods were loaded into that—the prisoner asked me for money to pay for the vans—I gave him half-a-sovereign, and he went away with the vans and the goods—he went without my husband—we had no goods left in the house—I and my husband went to look for a room for a lodging—in the afternoon I went out to look for a room, and I met the prisoner and my husband together—I applied to the

prisoner for some articles to pawn to get my family bread—I did not have the articles, but on the 26th he lent me half-a-crown—when the prisoner had been in possession under the Midsummer distress, Mr. Puttock made an inventory of the goods in the parlour.

COURT. Q. Did you ever get any of the goods back? A. I got a few for a room the same day that I moved, on Thursday, the 24th of Sept.—I think they were brought in a truck, but I did not see them—they were brought while we were out, but it was our room—we took the room—the prisoner went to his place, and he brought hardly bare enough for our one room—I went to him again—he was not there—his mother was there—he came in—he was rather cross, but he gave me a few blankets, and then when I applied again for some goods to pawn, he said, "It is not worth your while to pawn, I will lend you a trifle of money; I will lend you half-a-crown," which he did—on the 26th he lent me half-a-crown, and be lent me 5s.—I never applied to get all my things back again, but I went at different times—on the 30th he lent me 5s.—on Saturday, the 3rd of Oct., I had 5s. of him, and on Monday night, the 5th, I had 5d.—I could not say what the things were worth that were never returned—I should think 20l.—I do not know—I believe they were worth 20l.—my rent at Burton-street was 40l. a year—I think there was half-a-year's rent due, with the quarter that wan coming, besides a little balance that was paying by weekly instalments—that was the arrangement I made before, to pay by weekly instalments.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Amongst any of the things that he took away was there a rent-book? A. Yes—that contained an inventory of all my things—I let him have that to copy off—he did not give me a copy of it—I afterwards found the remains of that book, a few of the leaves, but all the writing was torn out—the prisoner came to me on Wednesday, the 7th of Oct., about three o'clock, and stated he had been looking after a house—he said that Puttock had got the letting of it, but that did not matter—he was to have the first refusal of it, and he would take it and pay the first quarter's rent for us; and he told me to be ready on the Saturday to go to look at the house—he said it was an eleven-roomed house, a very nice one, between Notting-hill and Bayswater; and he said, "I have sold a tent bedstead, and got half-a-crown on it, and if they never come I am on the right side"—he gave me the half-crown—I waited for him on the Saturday—he never came; and at seven o'clock I went to his place—I could not find him—the place was shut up—I could not get any of my goods—I saw the prisoner on the Saturday night, after I saw his mother—I said to him," What do you mean by this? do you mean to act the rogue?"—he said, "What I have done, I have done; I have got nothing belonging to you; what I have got, I bought them and paid for them"—he said, "Come in mother," and then shut the door in my face—I saw the prisoner again on the Monday night at his shop, No. 23, Waterloo-road, where he exhibited my things for sale—he had nothing in his shop but what was mine—I heard he had been selling all day, but I did not see any of my things there, as the shop was shut—I took Mr. Langley, of the Borough-road, a solicitor, with me—the prisoner was very rude—the solicitor asked him if he meant to give the goods up—he said no, he had bought and paid for them—he said, "Come in, mother," and he shut the door in the gentleman's face as well as mine—I have found some of my goods—Mr. Tylcoate has got a table, and Mr. Brailey has a fender, a hearth-rug, and a mattress—I afterwards saw the shop in Waterloo-road by daylight—it was a shop for sale, like a broker's shop—I saw a good many of my goods there which had gone away in the vans—they were standing about in the shop, like other goods exposed for sale, some outside, and some in front of the shop—I saw the prisoner, and I demanded the goods of him, but I never got any more back—I received 17s. 11d. from the prisoner at different times, and I gave him 1s. for the receipts, and 10s. for the van.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How many rooms were there in this house of yours? A. Ten, and furniture in all of them—I had lodgers in my house at the time I went away—one of them left on the Wednesday evening when I moved myself, the other gentleman moved the day before—I told them I expected the broker, and that induced them to move—I enclosed the key to my landlord, and said a person in the country owed me 15l., and as soon as I got it I would call and pay—I did not mean to cheat the landlord of anything—I thought there was something dishonourable in doing what I did, but I did it—the prisoner called on me once after his being in possession, and then I never saw him again for a very long time—I am not aware that he had gained any great influence over me—when he called on those occasions he staid a couple of hours—my husband was at home—when the prisoner came on the 17th of Sept. I told him I was not getting on well, I had had an execution for poor-rates, and that we paid, and I had paid a levy on me for security for a poor woman—I had settled all these, all but my rent and taxes—I was expecting a levy for my rent that week, for with paying all my little things I had not got a shilling to buy bread for my children—I had drawn a fortnight of the person in the parlour, and I would not re ceive it till that week—I was paying the arrears of rent weekly.

COURT. Q. Had you any expectation that the landlord was going to put another distress in on the 29th of Sept.? A. I had not, till the prisoner came and said he had seen Mr. Puttock.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Had you paid all your instalments? A. I had paid all up to that week—the day was not come for me to pay it that week—I was not in a condition to pay it, for I had pawned my last bed to pay theother—when these conversations took place with the prisoner, Emma Wood was present every time, on each of the days—my husband was not there on the 17th, and on the other occasions—I told my husband what I had done—I have not got the greater part of my things back—I have lost ten chairs, a sofa, and a couch, that he sold—I have got nothing back hardly—it would not furnish a room as it ought to be—he came to me once and said, "I thought you wanted money; I have brought you half-a-crown; I have sold a tent bedstead; I have got half-a-crown deposit; I am to have the rest on Saturday"—I took the half-crown—I did not say anything about it—there was no money paid to me but Us. lid,—the receipts were proposed by the prisoner—he said he would give a contract that we could take our things at any time we thought proper—he proposed the contract, but no contract was given—I do not know that my husband had any difficulty in signing those receipts—he signed them at once—the prisoner said, "Any future time you can have your things, safe"—my husband did not read over the receipts—the prisoner resided about three streets from roe—I saw things exposed there for sale; that was in Green-street—I went in and spoke to his mother—I said, "Mrs. Biggs, you are not selling my things?"—she said, "No"—I saw a blanket there, and she said it was a blanket her son brought home from a sale—I said, "It is mine, and I know it"—she said there was nothing selling, but she was obliged to move them about to appear to sell them.

Q. You were not to allow him a farthing for taking these things? A. He came to me on the Sunday, and I was going to make an arrangement, and he was called away—I was going to give him two sovereigns to get my things back—he was to be paid for taking the things—I told him we would pay him—I told him so all along, from first to last, and he

said he did not desire anything—little or nothing, when it was mentioned—I found his house shut up on the Saturday night when he promised to take me to see the house—there was not a notice on the door—I found him by going to his own brother's, and he told me 1 should find him in the Waterloo-road; he had been there the day before—he did not tell, me the number—I went to Waterloo-road, and found him by inquiring from house to house—I did not see him for some time, but I saw his mother—Mr. Langley went with me to that place, and the prisoner said that he had bought and paid for them—he said he gave 30l. for them—Mr. Langley beard that.





JOSEPH LYNES
. I am the prosecutor. I remember, on the evening of the 17th of Sept., the prisoner came to ray house—he said he had seen Mr. Puttock, and he had told him to get in readiness; he should want him to come into my house to go into possession at quarter-day—he advised us to take the things away—he said we had better clear off the things—I said I did not know where to take them—he said, if we would take them to his house, he would give them warehouseroom till we could get another house—on the following Wednesday he came again—he said he had plenty of room in his shop; he had a large shop, two parlours, and a large cellar—I told him I was afraid he would not have room for them—he said yes, he would, and he would get a good house for me in less than a month and I should have all my goods returned.

COURT. Q. Did you allow him to remove the goods on his representation that he would give them warehouseroom till you got another house? A. Yes—he said he would assist me in getting another house, and he said he had the promise of a house, between Bayswater and Notting-hill, from Mr. Puttock.

MR. RYLAND. Q. On the evening the good were removed, do you remember anything about receipts? A. Yes; the prisoner said we had better have three receipts drawn up, as though he had bought the things, or else, if there was any disturbance, tbey could come and take the goods from his premises; hut if he had three receipts, at different dates, it would show as though he bought them—he produced three pieces of paper to me—he drew them up—my wife awoke me up, and I signed them—I did not read them—he said he would give a document to me, that we could have between our two selves, that I could have all my goods back—he said that before the goods were moved—he did not give me that document—he said he had not time to do it that night, but he would do it the next day—I cannot tell the exact value of the goods that were removed that night; I think about 30l.

Cross-examined. Q. How much were the receipts filled up for? A. I do not exactly know; I think one was 7l. 15s., and I think one was 8l. odd, but I am not certain, and I think the other was much about the same as the first—I think it was not in figures as well as in writing—he read the amount over tome—I think he only read the first one, and said the others were drawn up the same—my wife was there when I awoke—he drew them up—I told him I did not understand the drawing up of bills—I swear I did not read each receipt—he told me the amount of them—I cannot positively say whether he told me the amount in reading them—I said it was a very awkward thing to sign—I told him I did not like to sign, but he told me he would give me a document the next day—it was his proposition to give me a contract—I have never received a farthing from him—he said there was no occasion to sell the goods; if we wanted any money he would lend us some—we paid our rent quarterly, but there was something paid weekly—the weekly rent was due on the Wednesday, and my goods went the next morning—my landlord would not have levied for that week's rent, had not the

things been removed—I did not remove them to prevent paying the landlord, but the prisoner said, if the things remained there three days longer, they would be seized—we should have pawned something, and paid the weekly rent—the quarter would not become due till the 29th of Sept.—there was no rent to levy for till the 29th, except the weekly rent—the landlord would not Have levied for that—there are a great many of our things we have not got back, and a great many are in the hands of the police—the prisoner said he would not charge anything he had plenty of room for the things to be put, and he would take great care of them.

MR. RYLAND. Q. There was no rent due till the 29th that the landlord could seize for? A. No—the prisoner said, unless my things were taken away in three days, they would be seized—I believed that.

COURT. Q. Did you allow the prisoner to tell any of the goods? A. No—he said there was no occasion to sell any of them; if we wanted money he would lend us some.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. The prisoner said something about a house; did he undertake positively to put you into a house? A. Yes, he told my wife he would get one for her—he said he would inquire for one, and he would put her into a good one—I did not understand anything about his paying the rent—I was not at home.





JAMES FELL PUTTOCK
. I am agent to the landlord who owns No. 29, Burton-street—I distrained on the prosecutor for the Midsummer rent—the prisoner was put in possession—I made arrangements for them to pay weekly, and withdrew the distress—the prisoner cane out of possession on the 13th of July—he came to me to be paid, and he was paid—I have bad no com-munication with him since then—I had not told him to be in readiness to be put in again for a distress, nor anything of the sort.

COURT. Q. How did you get the key? A. They sent the key to the solicitor to the estate—he is not here—I do not think ho is. aware of any of these proceedings—I do not think any letter was sent to him—he said the key had been sent to him—the property belongs to the Crockford estate—Miss Crockford is the owner.





PETER HALDANE
. I am clerk to Edward Thomas, an auctioneer, in Leicester-square—I know the prisoner—he is a broker—on the 25th of Sept, he brought four lots of articles to our place for the purpose of being sold by auction—they consisted of two dressing-glasses and two mattresses—he had 2l. advanced on them—on the 26th he brought sundry furniture, on which I advanced him 5l.—the furniture was sold—I saw him again on the 30th, and I paid him the balance of half-a-crown—he had 7l. 2s. 6d. in all—there was a table in one of the lots—Mrs. Lynes has seen the table and claimed it.

Cross-examined. Q. Was that all that was claimed? A. That was all I could produce—I sold that to Mr. Tylcoate—I could not trace to whom I sold the other things, so that they could be found.





JOSEPH TYLCOATE
. I am a broker, and live in Whitehart-street—I purchased a table at Mr. Thomas's auction-room, in Leicester-square—I gave 9s. for it—Mrs. Lynes saw it and claimed it.

COURT
to
PETER HALDANE. Q. Have you a catalogue in which these things were described? A. Not with me; there was one—Mrs. Lynes attention was called to the things I received.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Had the prisoner brought thing! before to you? A. Yes—it is the custom of brokers to bring things in this way.





RICHARD BRAILEY
. I live in Brewer-street, Golden-square. On the 25th of Sept. I bought a hearth-rug at the prisoner's shop for 8s., and the next day a fender for 10s.,—Mrs. Lynes has seen them and identified them as hers.






MARY ANN PEAD
. I am the wife of William Pead—we live in Peter-street, St. James's—the prisoner had a shop three doors off—sometime ago I bought six window-blinds at his shop—I was to give 5. 3d. for them—I paid part one day and part another—I parted with some of them, but had two left—Mrs. Lynes has seen them and claimed them as hers.





ANN SQUIRES
. I am single—I knew the prisoner's shop in Peter-street—I bought a bedstead and a fender there of the prisoner, on the 29th of Sept—I gave 16s. for the bedstead, and 3s. for the fender—they are herer—Mr. Lynes has seen them and claimed them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you pay for them? A. Yes, when they came home in the evening—my attention was attracted to them as I was passing.





THOMAS WILLIAM CARTER
. I am an Inspector of Police. On the 14th of Oct. I went with Mrs. Lynes to the prisoner's shop—that was after his examination—Mrs. Lynes said all the things in his shop were hers—I took possession of them—I found a box—it was broken open, and in it I found a key, the wards of which had been filed out—I had some conversation with the prisoner before I found these things—I went on that same day to serve a summons on him to attend the police-court—he said he had bought the things, and they were duly signed on stamped receipts, meaning the receipts which he had—he did not show them to me.

Q. Was anything said as to whether the goods had been paid fort A. He said he had paid for them—when we produced him the summons he said, "I have bought the things, and they are duly signed, on stamped receipts."





EMMA WOOD
. I was servant to Mrs. Lynes—I was present on the night the goods were removed—the prisoner wrote the bills—they were not read over to me—I saw them—the prisoner wrote them, and Mr. Lynes signed them—they were shown to me—I do not know what they were—I did not look at them when they were shown to me—the prisoner said he would take care of the goods till Mrs. Lynes had another house.

COURT. Q. What reason did he give why these receipts should be signed? A. I believe it was done to save any piece of work—I do not know what wal said—the prisoner went for the receipts—he said he wanted them to make bills for the goods—he said he wanted them to save any bother, if any one came after the goods—he did not pay anything for the goods.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not read these receipts over? A. No—nor anybody else, to my knowledge—I was there—I saw Mr. Lynes awoke by his wife—I was there till he signed them—they were not shown to me par ticularly—I cannot say what was the amount of them—I have no idea—I do not recollect anything about them at all.

COURT. Q. Do you recollect the prisoner saying it was to prevent any bother if any one came for the goods? A. Yes.

COURT
to
MARIA LYNES. Q. Had you any dressing-glasses amongst your things? A. I had two—I had six mattresses—I think the dressing-glasses were worth 22s. each—the best of the mattresses were worth about 15.—I saw a printed paper, like a catalogue, at Mr. Thomas's—I got one, and gave it to the inspector—I find some articles in the catalogue that correspond with the goods I lost—here are nine chairs, six horse-hair chairs, and one easy-chair, a couch, a table, and two mattresses—I afterwards identified the table—this is the catalogue.

COURT
to
PETER HALDANE. Q. Can you point out, in this catalogue, the articles the prisoner brought? A. Yes, this toilet-glass, this wool-mattress, a hair and wool-mattress, a mahogany-frame toilet-glass, and other things.





MARIA LYNES
. I had such things—they were mine—I went to the prisoner's house and found several things, some which were in the catalogue, and

some out of the catalogue—a swing-glass was sold—we found it at the pawn-broker's shop, pawned for 7s.

Q. Do you know Mr. Clark, of Wardour-street? A. I do not I know the person who bought the easy-chair was sent to us—the chair was sent to at when we lived in the West-end of London, and the lady owes us 25l. now—we did not pay for the chair, but she did—she told me the chair was to go in our account—we have lost that easy-chair—I do not know to whom it has been sold.
(Thomas Bums, a tailor; Ann Steel, a broker; and Charlotte Walker, a laundress, of George-street, Grosvenor-square; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

