




1605. 




WILLIAM FREDERICK WILLIAMS
 and 



EDWARD GAMBLE



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Jacob Nash, on 
14th July, in the parish of 
St. Luke, and stealing 60 cheroots, and other articles, value 20s. 6d., and 144 farthings; his property: Williams having been before convicted.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JACOB NASH
. I keep the Jack of Newbury public-house, in Chiswell-street, in the parish of St. Luke. On Saturday night, 14th July, I fastened up my house, aud went to bed about half-past twelve o'clock—(Williams' house is about three-quarters of a mile from mine)—I was alarmed by the police, and came down between four and five—I found a large drawer had been pulled out, and biscuits and cakes thrown on the floor—I missed three shillings' worth of farthings, a tin can, and two bar-bottles, which contained port and sherry, about a quart or three pints—I missed from a half to three-quarters of a pound of cigars—this is the bar-bottle that contains port, and these are the fragments of the bottle that contained the sherry—these cheroots produced resemble mine, they are Bengal cheroots and Mexicans.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Is there any private mark on these bottles? A. No more than this one having "cloves" written on it—they had belonged to the house, and we used them instead of purchasing new ones—we had a great many, but only those two were in use for this purpose—these cigars look like those I had—I had them from themanufactory two doors from me—the Mexicans ran a little longer than my cigar-box was, and I had to cut a bit off the end of them.






ALEXANDER WEBB
. My father is a gas-lighter. On the morning of 15th July, I went to put out the lights—about three o'clock, I was in Bride-place Shoreditch—I saw the two prisoners, and a young woman and another man—Gamble was sitting on a form, and Williams was standing with a bottle under his arm—I went down the turning—I said, "Good morning"—Williams asked me if I would have anything to drink—I said I did not care if I did—he gave me the bottle, and said it was beer—I tasted it, and it was sherry—I gave it him back, and he said, "We are the b—y fellows that can do it; we can get wine, while others get beer"—after I gave the bottle to Williams, he gave it to Gamble; Gamble was giving it back to him, and it dropped, and broke—Williams asked me if I would have a cigar—I said I did not mind—he put his hand in his pocket, and pulled out about a dozen—he gave me one—they were about the size of the cigars which are here—Williams lives in that place, I believe his name is on the door—I went with the policeman, and pointed out the house to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Were there many people about? A. A man and a woman, and the two policemen—I did not stop above three or four minutes—the policemen came round the corner, and I went away—Williams was making a great noise—he appeared to be drunk.





GEORGE CLAMPITT
. I reside in Bride-place. About half-past three o'clock that morning I heard a noise, and went down—I saw both the prisoner's drinking and smoking—I called the policeman's attention to the noise—Williams was given in custody, and Gamble went away—Williams was abusive, not only to me but to the neighbours—I went back, and found about twenty-four cigars on the spot where Williams had been, and a broken bottle—there was a noise by a smashing of glass, which awoke me.





WILLIAM KING
 (policeman, H 83). I saw the prisoners there—Gamble went away while I was struggling with Williams—Mr. Clampitt gave charge of Williams—I found on him thirty farthings, and some cigars—I returned back to the place, and found these pieces of a bottle.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. The charge against Williams was for being riotous? A. Yes.





THOMAS EVANS
 (policeman, G 145). I was shown Williams' house—his name is on the door—I found this bottle in the house.





JACOB JENKINSON
 (police-sergeant, G 53). I took Gamble into custody on the Monday morning—I found in his pocket these two cigars, which correspond with the others which are produced—when I took them out of his pocket, he said, "I can tell you where I bought them."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you ask him where it was? A. No.





JACOB NASH

re-examined. I believe these cigars to be my property—they precisely correspond with the others.

Williams's Defence. On that Saturday night I was in a public-house next to the City of London, till the house closed—on my return, I went into a coffee-shop opposite the Railway, and had some coffee and bread and butter—being intoxicated, I fell asleep, and awoke at three o'clock on Sunday morning—I got up and went out, and as I was going down Bride-place, a man tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me to purchase some cigars and some wine—I asked him to let me look at them, and he did—he wanted eight shillings for them, but he agreed to take six shillings—I gave him three half-crowns, and he gave me in change one shilling and thirty farthings.





JOHN JOHNS
 (policeman, H 76). I produce a certificate of Williams's

former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted November, 1848, confined four months)—he is the man.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


GAMBLE—


NOT GUILTY
.
