



575. 




CHARLES CHAPPLE
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Spong, on the 
26th of January, at 
St. Pancras, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 10s., the goods of Stephen 



Nathaniel Baker.






STEPHEN NATHANIEL BAKER
. I am a dairyman, and live in Chapel-street,

Tottenham-court-road. I have a shop, and a room on the first floor of the house of George Spong, it is in the parish of St. Pancras. On the night of the 26th of January I locked the door of my shop at about a quarter past seven o'clock, and took the key with me—my attention was called to my shop a little before eight o'clock, when I was in the up-stairs room—I went down, found the shop door wide open, and missed my coat off a shelf at the further end of the shop—I looked out, and saw the policeman bringing the prisoner along with my coat—the street door had been left open, but my shop door was locked.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS
Q. Does Mr. Spong live in the house? A. Yes, and sleeps there—the street door is always open—I am quite sure I did not leave my shop door open.





JOHN REES
. I am a colourman, and live in Chapel-street, exactly opposite Baker. On the evening of the 26th of January I noticed the prisoner with another man at Baker's shop door—the prisoner was there five or six times, endeavouring to open the shop door, backwards and forwards—I went out and told the policeman—shortly after I saw the prisoner coming down the street at a fast walk with the other man—the prisoner had the coat under his arm—I saw him come out of Baker's doorway—he dropped the coat—I took it up, and caught hold of his companion, but he broke from me—I saw the prisoner in charge of the constable—he kicked him in a certain place, and got from his grasp altogether—three men could not hold him—he was secured after a long run.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sore it was the prisoner? A. Yes, I had seen him five or six times that evening by the gas-light—I am certain I have made no mistake.





JOHN EATON
 (police-constable S 193.) I was in Chapel-street, on the 26th, at about a quarter before eight o'clock, in plain clothes—I saw the prisoner and another lurking about the shop—I watched them some time, and saw the prisoner go in, and come out in about a minute or two, with something under his arm—I crossed over, and said, "What have you got there?"—he said, nothing, but threw the coat down, and began an attack on me—he hit me right and left, and kicked me in the—he ran down several streets, and down a mews, which is no thoroughfare—he came out, I secured and handcuffed him—he said, "I suppose you have done for me at last"—at the station-house the inspector asked him his name and address—he said, "I shall not give it"—in the morning the inspector said, "Do you still refuse to give your name and address?"—he said, "I do."





STEPHEN NATHANIEL BAKER

re-examined. This is my coat.




GUILTY
.* Aged 26.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
