




1448. 



JOHN FINCH
 and 




JAMES GOSBELL



, stealing 4 sacks, and 2 quarters of malt, value 6l. 4s., the goods of 



William Jupp and others, the masters of Gosbell, he having been before convicted.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






MATTHEW HENRY COWELL.
 I am in partnership with William Jupp and Mr. Wilks. We are brewers at St. George's-road, Southwark—Gosbell was in

our employ—on Friday 12th May we were to receive twenty-five quarters of malt in fifty sacks, from Mr. Jupp—Finch came with it—he was in Mr. Jupp's service, the malster—he brought this receipt and delivery not after, as I supposed the malt was delivered—Finch and Gosbell came into the counting-house—I asked Finch whether he had delivered twenty-five quarter—he said, "Yes"—I asked Gosbell whether he had received twenty-five quarters—he said, "Yes"—I then signed the receipt note and gave it to Finch—I afterwards received a communication from Newton, went into the granary and counted the sacks; there were but forty-six—I then followed the prisoners and found them in a public house—I asked Finch what he had got in his wagon, he said, two quarters of malt—he said, he hoped he had not done wrong and should not get himself into a scrape, but our man Gosbell ordered him to take them somewhere else—I told him to draw round—Gosbell went into the biewery—I sent for an officer and took him—he came—I asked him how it was—he said he thought the whole twenty-five quarters were delivered.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. When Finch said he had delivered the twenty-five quarters, if was the quantity he had delivered to Gosbell. A. Yes; Gosbell was the party to receive malt—Finch might have supposed that Gosbell had authority to dispose of the two quarters—I have heard an excellent character of Finch.





THOMAS NEWTON.
 I am in the employ of Jupp and Co. On Friday, 12th May, I saw twenty-three quarters delivered—Finch was in the wagon—he had got the next sack ready, the mount of it in his hand, waiting for the chain of the crane to come down; but instead of the chain, Gosbell came down—I asked why he did not pull the other two quarters up—he said, "That is going to the railway"—he went out to Finch—I told my master directly. THOMAS BAILEY. I am foreman to William Jupp, a maltster. On 12th May I gave Finch twenty-five quarters of malt to deliver to Mr. Cahell—if was his duty to deliver fifty sacks—when he left the wharf I saw no more of him.

Cross-examined. Q. How long has Finch been in your service? A. Seven years—he has delivered thousands of quarters—I never knew anything against him—his master will take him back directly.





ALFRED WAKEFIELD
 (policeman, L 117.) I took Gosbell—he said he thought he had delivered it all.
(MR. METCALFE, on behalf of Gosbell, submitted that the property was never in the prosecutor's possession; MR. PARRY
contended that the receipt by the servant was that of the master, and the
COURT
so held.)





GEORGE TAYLOR
 (police-sergeant, L 29.) I produce a certificate of Gosbell's former conviction—(read—Convicted May, 1845, and confined six weeks)—he is the man.

FINCH—


NOT GUILTY.


GOSBELL—


GUILTY. Aged 38. 


Transported for Seven Years.

