




34. 




MARY JONES
 and 




ANN JENKINS
 were indicted for

feloniously assaulting 



George Samuel Gill, on the 
28th of Oct., putting him in fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person and against his will, 1 purse, value 6d.; 8 sovereigns, and 4 half-sovereigns; his property.




GEORGE SAMUEL GILL
. I live in Whiskin-street, Clerkenwell. On the night of the 28th of Oct. I was going home through Field-lane, and the two prisoners laid hold of me by each arm—I swear positively to Jones, but not to Jenkins, any more than that I afterwards picked her out from two other girls—to the best of my knowledge, she is the person—after a little time, I got Jenkins from my right arm, but Jones kept hold with both hands on my left, so that I could not get away from her—we got up as far as the new church, Saffron-hill, where there is a court—they wanted me to go up this passage, which I refused to do, and at that moment I felt Jones's hand in my pocket—Jenkins stood close alongside—I put my hand outside my thigh, to feel if my purse was safe, and found it was gone—I instantly laid hold of her wrist, hallooed "Police" as loud as I could, and never let go of her till the policeman came

—the other escaped—Jones denied having robbed me—she was taken to the station—I lost eight sovereigns and four half-sovereigns—one of the sovereigns was a dragon sovereign, which I had taken on the previous Monday, and I noticed it, thinking it was a light one, before I put it with other money, that I should know where I took it from—on the Saturday I was at the Police-court, and Jenkins and two other girls came there—Jenkins was taken into custody, searched, and eight sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, a half-crown, and sixpence, found on her—one sovereign had a dragon—I cannot speak to the money beyond that—it was in a leather purse, which has not been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. An ivory turner—I had been up to the west end of the town, on business with a friend, and been at my friend's house to supper—I had a drop of porter, and prior to that, from eight o'clock till eleven, I and two friends had two pots of ale—nothing else—that was at a public-house in Shoe-lane—it was near twelve when I met the prisoners—I was quite sober—I would not drink anything, as I had particular business to do next day—the prisoners came behind me, and one laid hold of one arm, and one the other—I said I wanted nothing at all to do with them—I walked on, expecting they would leave me go every minute, but I could not get away—they stopped at the end of the court, and in a moment Jones took my money—I did not go up the passage with her—she pulled me up the passage after I was robbed, to try to get away—I had got hold of her wrist—nothing passed between us, further than their entreating me to go home with them, and I refusing—I could not go away, they had fast hold of my arm—I could have got away if I had used violence, but it is not a very nice place to get into any bother—it was my nearest way home.





THOMAS DEAN
 (police-constable G 37.) The prosecutor called me, and gave Jones into my custody—be had hold of her wrist at the time, and charged her with stealing eight sovereigns and four half-sovereigns from his breeches' pocket—Jones denied having seen him—next morning, after Jones was remanded, Waddington the gaoler went outside, and fetched in Jenkins and two other girls—I assisted in searching her—she made great resistance—it took four of us to bold her down—Waddington took some money from her bosom, in a purse.

Cross-examined. Q. It was not the prosecutor's purse? A. No—she tried to bite and kick us, and laid hold of her gown by her teeth, to prevent our getting our hands to' her purse.





GEORGE WADDINGTON
. I am gaoler at Clerken well Police-court While Jones was being examined, on the Saturday, I went into the passage, and saw Jenkins and two other young women, and directed them to be taken into my room to be searched—I observed Jenkins doing something underneath her clothes with her hands, as if putting something from one hand to another—I immediately seized her hand, and said I would have what she had in her hand—she immediately put her hand under her clothes, and dropped whatever it was into her bosom—I said, "It is no use, I must see what it is"—she threw herself down, and kicked and bit us—I put my fingers down her bosom, and pulled up this purse, containing eight sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, a half-crown, a sixpence, and two duplicates—the sovereigns were wrapped up in a bit of rag—one was a George-and-dragon sovereign—we asked the prosecutor if he could speak to any of the money, and before I opened the bag he said there was one with the George-and-dragon on it.

Cross-examined. Q. How many were there of you? A. Two inspectors, a private, and myself—the other two young women were there—they said immediately that they were ready to be searched.






MARY ANN FRANKLIN
. I live in Field-lane. A little before two o'clock on Saturday morning, Jenkins came to me and said she had got no place to go to; that a friend of hers was locked up for being in liquor—she slept with me—she left me in the morning, and said she would take Jones her breakfast, and go over the water to get a young friend to come over to see her—she came to me and asked me to go to the office with her and Jane May, which I did—I know nothing of Jones—Jenkins and I were brought up children together.





JANE MAY
. I live in White Horse-street, New-cut, Lambeth. Jenkins came to me on Saturday morning, and asked me to go with her to a person who was locked up that night for being tipsy—she did not say who it was—I went to the office with her.

Jenkins's Defence, I never saw the prosecutor; the father of my child gave me the money in the New-road.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—JENKINS—



GUILTY. Aged 23.—of stealing from the person only,—



Transported for Ten Years.

