



1237. 




ELLEN PARKER
 was indicted

for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit half-sovereign, she having been before convicted of uttering a counterfeit shilling.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint—I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Ellen Parker and another of uttering counterfeit coin at Exeter, in July, 1842—I examined it with the original at the office of the clerk of the peace—it is a true copy—(read).





JOHN POPE
. I am a constable of Devonshire—I was present at the prisoner's trial at Exeter—she is the person named in this certificate.





HYACINTH ROMULUS CARLES
. I am a perfumer, and live in Conduit-street—on Friday, the 29th of May, between four and five o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop for a bottle of eau-de-Cologne—she said she wanted the very best, and before I could serve her she wanted another bottle—I gave her two bottles—she offered me a sovereign—before I gave her change she told me to go to dress two ladies' hair at Lady Harewood's, Harewood-place, at six o'clock precisely, and named Miss Day as one of the ladies—I gave her I half-a-sovereign, half-a-crown, and a sixpence change—before I gave her the I half-sovereign 1 sounded it on the counter, and it was "real good"—the prisoner took up the change in her hand, and observed that the eau-de-Cologne

was too cheap to be the very best, that she had been in the babit of paying 5s. a bottle at Dover, where she had come from the day before, with Lady Harewood, with whom she had come from the Continent—I told her it was the very best, mine was 3s. 6d. a bottle—she then said I was to bring three bottles with a bill to Lady Harewood's at six o'clock, and to be paid for all together, and asked for her sovereign back—she had then put the change oo the counter—I noticed that the half-sovereign was not so bright as the one I had given her—I took it up, and saw that the colour was green—I tried it, and it was a bad one—I then recollected that I had seen her at my shop before, which had not occurred to me before—I called my brother out of the backroom and sent him for a policeman—I did not tell her the half-sovereign was bad, but she saw me bend it, and heard me tell my brother to go for a policeman—she remained in the shop and I was facing her looking at her—a policeman came in about half an hour, and I gave him the half-sovereign, which I had kept in my possession during that time—I went to Lady Harewood's that evening, but did not find any Miss Davis, or any ladies who wanted their hair dressed, or eau-de-Cologne.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEW. Q. She remained in the shop about half an hour? A. Yes—I had my eye on her constantly—she took up the change and apparently put down the same coin from the same hand, in three or four minutes—I have got her sovereign now, also the half-crown and sixpence.

COURT. Q. Had anybody been in the shop during the half hoar? A. No, no customers.





JOHN MILLER
 (police-sergeant C 14.) I was called into Mr. Cades's shop, and found the prisoner standing with her back to the shop window—it joins the door, which was open—I took her in charge, and received the half-sovereign from Mr. Carles, which I produce—I asked the prisoner for a reference—she said she would tell the Magistrate that—I took her to the station, where a female searched her—it is a quarter of a mile from the shop—she walked that distance with me, and there were a great many people passing—she might have dropped anything—nothing was found on her but some keys and a purse, no money—she gave the name of Ellen Davis, 9, King-street, Holborn—I went there, but could find no person answering her description, or that name, or who knew her.

Cross-examined. Q. She stood by the side of the shop door? A. Yes. JAMES GILBERT. I am steward to Lord Harewood, and know all the servants—the prisoner was not one of them—I never saw her before—there was nobody named Day in the house, nor anybody sent for to dress two ladies' hair—Lady Harewood had been in London for a month before this, and has not been at Dover for ten years—the had not been on the Continent.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. This half-sovereign is counterfeit in all respects—it is cast in white metal with an impression from a good half-sovereign, and afterwards gilt by the electro process—it will not ring as a good one, and is less than half lighter.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The prisoner has been repeatedly in custody for like offences.)

Before Lord Chief Justice Tyndal.

