



513. 




JAMES GLYNN



, feloniously cutting and wounding 




Thomas Bresnahan on the throat and left cheek, with intent to murder him.—2d COUNT, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD ELGAR
 (City policeman, 85). On Wednesday morning, 24th Jan., about a quarter-past two o'clock, I was on duty near the White Horse, Fann-street, Goswell-street, and saw a crowd in front of the bar there—the prisoner was among them—he and a woman with whom he cohabits were quarrelling with Bresnahan, who is known among his companions by the name of Browney—I called out to the landlady, and said I must have the house cleared immediately—I took hold of the prisoner first and put him out, and the woman afterwards—I then took hold of Bresnahan, and while I had hold of him Glynn came in again—I seized him by the collar, and threw him out of the house with considerable force, so that he almost fell down—it is a narrow court, and he fell up against a wall—when be stood upright again I observed that he had his right hand in his trowsers pocket—my attention was occupied for the moment in getting others out of the house, and on looking round I saw Glynn and Bresnahan fighting—Glynn kept his left hand in front of him, striking only with his right hand very wide and swinging blows—I immediately rushed between, forced them apart, and immediately saw blood gushing out of Bresnahan's face and neck, and he cried out, "My God! he has been and knifed me"—I then seized the prisoner by the collar and looked at both his hands, but found no knife—Bresnahan bled a good deal—the blood flew all across the passage on to the shutters of the public-house—he was taken to Mr. Child's, the surgeon.





THOMAS BRESNAHAN
. I am a labourer, and live at 22, Field-lane, Holborn. On Tuesday night, the 23d, I was at the White Horse, Fann-street, and saw the prisoner there in front of the bar—about twelve o'clock, I told him not to interfere with any words that were going on in front of the bar any more than myself—there were words with other people—I asked for another pint of porter, and they would not serve me—the police-sergeant came in—I walked out, and the prisoner turned out after me—he stood in an attitude to fight me with both his hands up, and before I had time to ask what he meant by it, he struck me a blow with his right hand—his left hand was down—Elgar rushed in between us—I was going to return the blow, and be cut me a second time with the same hand—I did not feel that I was subbed—I thought the people had chucked some hot water on me out of the window till I saw both my hands smoking with blood—I then turned round, and said, "By God! he has struck me with a knife!"—I was taken to the station, and Mr. Childs examined me—there was a wound across my throat which bled very much—it soaked through a thick handkerchief.

COURT. Q. Had you had no quarrel with the prisoner that evening? A. No; nor with any other persons there—I had not said a word to him, except what I have said—I had not seen him since the night before—we met first that evening about twelve o'clock up-stairs, and directly he came I went down stairs to the front of the bar, and he afterwards followed me down—the woman who lives with the prisoner called me a bad name just as I was going out of the door, and I said, "If I was close to you, I would give you a smack of the cheek, "and with that the prisoner followed me out.

Prisoner. Q. Did I speak to you up-stairs 1 A. No; you came down alone, you did not say a word for half an hour alter you came down—I

spoke to you first, and told you not to interfere—you wanted to take part with the landlady of the house where you live, for fear she should not trust you with another night's lodging—I did not say if you interfered I would pay you for it—I did not ask you to come out and fight, and have the fight out we had had a fortnight before—you did not tell me that you could not fight on account of your arm being so bad, and I did not say if you did not fight I would punch your head—a young woman there did not say, "Tom, do not be so hard upon him; he can't fight now"—I did not run after her to hit bet—I walked quietly to the step of the door, and she called me a fig's get—that was on account of the row that happened between us a fortnight before—I never spoke to her before this night—I did not pass up and down Field-lane with her—I did not tell her I would punch your head for interfering—you did not tell me if I waited till your arm was better you would have it out

COURT. Q. Was his arm bad at all? A. Not that I know of—we had a fight a fortnight before.





GEORGE BANKS
 (City-policeman, 153). About two o'clock in the morning of 24th, I found this penknife (produced) on the pavement, near the White Horse—it had blood on the blade—it was shut—I saw the prisoner and prosecutor fighting outside the door—it was neár that spot that I found it—I heard Bresnahan call out, "He has knifed me!"





GEORGE BORLASE CHILDS
. I am a Fellow of the College of Surgeons, and am surgeon to the City-police Force. On Wednesday morning, 24th Jan., about half-past two o'clock Bresnahan was brought to me—he was very faint from loss of blood—he had received a punctured wound on the left cheek—a small artery had been divided—I also found a wound sweeping along the left side of the neck, extending from just behind the ear to the front part of the neck—it passed over the jugular vein, the carotid artery, and the principal nerves leading from the brain to the trunk—it was such a wound as might have been produced by this knife—the man's life was only saved by the dulness of the weapon—the wound on the cheek was a vertical wound, about an inch in extent, and reached to the bone—such an instrument as this might have produced both wounds—he must have lost a good deal of blood—he is still under the care of Mr. M'Murdo at the Compter.

Pritoner's Defence (written). The prosecutor challenged me to fight; I told him I could not in consequence of my arm; but if he would wait till it was well I would; he insisted on fighting, and when the young woman with me spoke to him about it he abused her, and threatened to strike her; he ran after her, and when I tried to prevent him he turned round and struck at me; I followed him out of the house; he struck at me several times, and I guarded the blows off with my right hand; I have not had a knife in my possession for some weeks past: besides which the mob of the prosecutor's friends was so great that it was impossible for the policeman to have seen, if I had one; I have no doubt that it was one of his friends who had the knife, and in, tended it for me; he has been sentenced to six months from this Court for robbing a woman of a watch; he was so drunk that it is impossible for him to say how he was injured.





THOMAS BRESNAHAN

re-examined. I was tried here for an assault upon a woman, and had six months—I came out on 24th April last—she went by the name of Bradford, and was a returned transport.





EDWARD ELOAR

re-examined. Both of them had been drinking, but were not what would be termed drunk—they were both quite capable of taking care of themselves, and knowing what they were about—there were from

twenty to thirty persons there—I distinctly saw what passed: there WAS a gat-lamp a few yards off.




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

