



399. 




DAVID BEES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of Nov., 62lbs. weight of butter, value 2l.; and 1 wooden firkin, 6d.; the goods of 



William Carr.






EDWARD EAGLING
. I am shopman to William Carr, of Beckford-row, Walworth-road. On the 21st of Nov. I had a firkin of butter, which I placed facing the shop, on a sort of bank on the road, just by the pavement—it was to have been sent off by a cart—I saw it safe at six o'clock in the evening—about half-past six I received information from the lad Wood ford, and missed it—it was between six and seven o'clock—I saw a cart opposite, with a firkin of butter in it—I do not know whose cart it was—I tried to get up at the back of the cart, and received a blow either by a stick or whip—I could see the person who struck me—it was not the prisoner—I was shaken off from the cart—it was a very foggy night—I did not see more than one person in the cart—the butter was worth 1l.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. How far from the door was the firkin? A. About three yards, facing the shop.





JOHN CHARLES WOODFORD
. I am errand-boy to Mr. Lyon, of No. 23, Beckford-row. On the evening of the 21st of Nov. I was standing at my master's door—it was very foggy—I had noticed the prisoner near my master's shop, which is next door but one to the prosecutor's—I was watching my master's goods—there were two bales, which had come from the City that afternoon—I saw the prisoner come up, and shake the top bale, and go away—I told my master, who came out, and the things were taken into the shop—in about two minutes I saw the prisoner walk up to the side of a cart, which was driven by another man—the prisoner looked round, and something was said between them which I could not hear—the prisoner said something to the man in the cart—I could not hear what it was—I think it was the prisoner that spoke—the man in the cart drove to the opposite side of the way—the fog was so great I could not see him then—in about a minute or two afterwards I saw the prisoner look round, and he took up one of the firkins of butter belonging to Mr. Carr, which laid

on the edge of the pavement, on the bunk, and carried it to the opposite side of the way, in the direction where the cart was—I instantly went and told Mr. Carr's man, and went with him to the opposite side of the way—I saw the butter in the cart—Mr. Carr's man tried to get up behind, but the man in the cart whipped the horse terribly, and the horse ran towards Camberwell at full speed—the fog was so great that the cart got away—I did not see what became of the prisoner—it was very foggy, but there was a great light from our shop and the baker's when I saw this—there were four shops which threw a strong light there—there was light sufficient to observe the person, and I am sure it was the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Yes, in St. George's-road, Elephant and Castle—I have seen him often there, selling fruit—my master's package was outside the door, but near it—any person standing at the door could see me—the package contained hosiery—I do not know that the prisoner is sometimes employed as a porter—I could not be certain that the prisoner spoke to the man in the cart first—I did not see the man in the cart pointing to anything—it was about half-past six o'clock—I did not see the firkin put into the cart—the cart stood on one side of the road and the firkin on the other—the cart remained about a minute after it was put in—Carr's man tried to get up behind the cart—I did not see any one beat him—I saw the prisoner at the station about a month after—I had not seen him selling fruit during that month.





RICHARD PROSSER
 (policeman.) I apprehended the prisoner on the 19th of Dec, about ten o'clock, at the back of the London-road, near St. George's-road—I saw him coming outside a door, and when he saw me he ran off, down different back streets—I followed him—I saw a constable coming towards him, and called to him to stop him, which he did, and I took him into custody—I had not spoken to him—he ran away on seeing me—he fell down in the London-road and got up again—I knew him before—I am the officer on that beat.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.

