



1053. 




JOHN SULLIVAN
, was indicted

 for stealing on the 
25 of April, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, 1 seal, value 6s.; 1 key, 4d.; 1 purse, 3d.; 5 sovereigns, 5 half-sovereigns, 14 half-corowns, and 5s.; the property of 



Francis Welby, in his dwelling-house; and that he had befoe been convicted of felony.






FRANCIS WELBY
. I live in Richfield-street, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. It is my house—I am a shooo-master—the prisoner was sent by his parents to me as a scholar, and on the 25th of April, I detained him after school hours as a punishment for playing truant, and about a quar-ter to two o'clock he was left in the school-room for two or three minutes alone—I went to the cupboad at two o'clock, and missed a seal and watch-key, and a purse, containing five sovereigns, five half-sovereigns, fourteen half-crowns, and five shillings—the cupboard was locked, and key left in it—I had seen the property safe at twelve o'clock that day—I asked the

prisoner if he had seen it—he said, no, he had seen nothing at all—Iasked if he had been to the cupboard, or seen anybody go—he declared to Almighty God he had not, and had seen nothing at all—I searched him, but could find nothing—I then fetched a policeman, who found the money secreted in the seat of his trowsers, and the seal and key in his shoe—they are mine.





JOHN JENKINSON
 (policeman.) I was fetched by the prosecutor—I searched the prisoner, and found a key and seal in his shoe, and between the lining and cloth of the seat of his trowsers I found this purse, containing fire sovereigns, five half-sovereigns, and fourteen half-crowns—before I searched him I told him his master suspected him of stealing money from the cupboard—he fell on his knees, cried, closed hit hands, and said, "By God Almighty I have not."





GEORGE KEMP
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read, "Convicted on the 24th Sept., 1844, and transported seven years")—he is the boy.




GUILTY
. Aged 9.—


Transported for Ten Years.


First Jury—before Mr. Baron Alderson.

