



1581. 




WILLIAM ASH



, stealing 254 pairs of boots, value 100l.; the goods of 



William Reid.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES DONOOHUE
. I am in the service of Mr. William Reid. He has a house on Finsbury-pavement, and also a house at 9, Little Moorfields—they join at the back—they are in the parish of St. Stephen, Coleman-street—persons live in them in the daytime, and I sleep there at night—there are no lodgers—on Tuesday night, 14th Aug., I went to the house to sleep, at a quarter before eleven at night, with Mr. Reid's son—he sleeps there also—he put the key into the door, and found it was bolted inside—I had a bag in my hand; I gave that to him to hold while I; tried to open the door—before I had time to try the door, it was opened from the inside, and the prisoner and another man rushed out—I had not an opportunity of seeing him at that time, but I followed, and never lost sight of him till I gave him in charge to the police—one of the men knocked young Reid down, and they then ran in different directions—I overtook the prisoner in South-street, which is nearly a quarter of a mile from Little Moorfields—after giving him into custody, I went back to the house in Little Moorfields, where I found three sacks of boots, which had been removed from the place where they were ordinarily kept—I had never seen them in the place where I found them—they were Mr. Reid's—they had been kept hanging on hooks round the shop—the desk in the shop was broken.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many turnings are there between this shop-door and the place where the prisoner was taken? A. Only two—I turned into Short-street and on to Finsbury-pavement, and then to South-place, which is scarcely a turning, it is almost on a line—the prisoner crossed the road slanting into South-street—there is a cab-stand, but it did

not hide the prisoner from me: I was too close to him, only five or six yards from him—I did not lose sight of him till he got to South-street, where he was stopped—he walked easily as I came up to him—I am certain that the person I was pursuing did not run on to Broker-row, and that I overtook another person in South-street—I am quite certain the prisoner is the person—I was getting rather up to him, and he stopped and began to walk—there were other persons in South-street, but I am sure I never lost sight of the prisoner—he turned and came towards me.





GEORGE REID
. I am the son of William Reid. I went with Donoghue on that night—the door was opened, and two men ran out the second time the door was tried: the prisoner is one—they ran away in different directions—Donnohue ran after the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the prisoner a great while? A. No—I am sure he is the man—he knocked me down—I ran after the other man.





NELSON FREDERICK JOHNSON
. I am in the employ of a cloth-worker. I was going down Little Moorfields that night—I saw two men run out of the house—I saw the boy knocked down, but I did not see who knocked him down—I followed the prisoner, and did not lose sight of him till he was taken.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was he taken? A. In South-street—Donoghue overtook him and laid hold of him—he stopped when Donoghue was coming across to him—he stood—they were talking, I thought he had got hold of him, then he ran into South-place—I was behind him—the policeman was coming up and he stopped.





WILLIAM ARTHUR EADE
 (City-policeman, 125). On that night I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" on Finsbury-pavement, and the prisoner was given into my charge—I found on him some lucifer-matches—I went afterwards to the premises and found a piece of candle, which had been lighted.





WILLIAM WHITCHER
 (City-policeman, 50). I went to examine the premises, and found these three bags of boots all ready to be carried off, a desk in the shop broken open, and a screw-driver, which corresponds with the marks on the desk—it was a common lock on the door—from what I observed I suppose the persons had been on the premises.





WILLIAM REID
. I am the owner of these premises—I left there at a quarter before ten o'clock that night—they were then all safe—I double-locked the door; it was not bolted—the goods had been put in sacks, and the sacks sewn up—the stock had been partly removed into the house that day, and my son was going to sleep there.




GUILTY
.* Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

