




82. 




JOHN HARRIS
 and 




JOHN CONNELL



, stealing 85 lbs. weight of lead, value 13s.; the goods of 



Henry Davis, fixed to a building: Harris having been before convicted.






HENRY DAVIS
. I am a plumber and glazier, at 166, Sloane-street, and have a workshop at 163. In consequence of information, I went to the premises at the buck of No. 163, and missed a portion of the lead from the roof—the police produced some lead to me which fitted—I have no doubt it is mine.





JOHN FARRA
 (policeman, B 249.) I produced the lead to Davis—I was on duty in Sloane-terrace, and saw Harris with the lead in a basket—I did not then see Connell—I afterwards saw Doran stop him—I asked Harris what he had in the basket—he said, "Zinc"—I looked at it, and said it was lead—I took it from him, and took him into custody.





DANIEL DORAN
 (policeman, B 259.) On the 17th, about half-past eleven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoners, talking under a dark railing, in Sloane-street, about three hundred yards from where the lead was loat—I heard Harris say, "Give me a lift with the basket"—Connell lifted it on to his shoulder, and then crossed the road—I followed Harris down Sloane-street—he dropped the basket, and sung out, "Jack! give me a lift;" he did so, and left again, and they went on—I kept Harris in view—he cried, "Jack" again, three times, and Connell went over again, and put it on his

shoulder—Connell then crossed back again, and I saw him very plainly under a lamp, at the corner of Sloane-terrace, where Farra stopped Harris—I went up to him and questioned him, and Connell escaped—I searched Harris, and found a knife on him—he said, "I am not going to be let into it"—I went in search of Connell, and found him in Hooper's-court, Knightsbridge, and took him; it was sheet-lead, and very heavy, 85lbs.






JAMES PAGE
 (policeman, B 147). I produce a certificate—(read—John Harris Convicted July, 1848, and confined twelve months)—Harris is the person: he pleaded guilty.

JOHN CONNELL—


GUILTY
.† Aged 22.—



Confined Three Months
,

JOHN HARRIS—


GUILTY
.†. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years
,
