




1915. 




JEREMIAH MOORE
 and 




JAMES WALSH
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of May, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 1s.; and 1 watch-key, value 2s.; the goods of 



John Seddon, from his person; and that Moore had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN SEDDON
. I live in Walker-street, Newington. On the 30th of May, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was going down Kent-street, and was tripped up, and my watch pulled out of my pocket—it has not been found—I cannot tell who the parties were.





JAMES CANNON
. I live in Russell-street, Brixton. About six or seven o'clock, on the 30th of May, I was in Kent-street—I saw the prosecutor—a party ran against him and pushed him down, and at the same time took his watch—the prisoner Walsh ran away with it, and Moore attracted the attention of the by-standers from the one who was running, by first attempting to raise the prosecutor from the ground, and then, before he was quite up, he dropped him again, and ran in a contrary direction to the other prisoner, saying, "Here he goes, here he goes," whereas, in fact, he was gone the contrary way—I am satisfied the prisoners are the persons.

Moore. Q. You did not see me near the person who lost the watch? A. Yes—I saw you lifting him from the ground and dropping him again, and then running in a contrary direction to the other—there did not happen to be a policeman in the neighbourhood or you would not have got off.





JOHN BAKER
. I was in Kent-street, and saw the two prisoners in company with another person who is not in custody—they all three ran against the prosecutor and capsized him into the gutter—Walsh ran away with his watch through the George public-house, and Moore kept the prosecutor from following him.

Moore. Q. Did you see me push the gentleman down? A. You were all three together—I could not say which was the worst.


Moore. I was in the road, I said, "There he goes," and the prisoner was running with the watch at the time; I was on the other side of the road with my hat in my hand. Witness. You were keeping the prosecutor from following him.





CHARLES THOMPSON
 (police-constable M 32.) I was on duty on the 30th of May, and I saw the two prisoners together before this robbery took place—I am sure the prisoners are the persons—in about ten minutes after the prosecutor lost his watch, I took Moore concealed up between twenty or thirty persons.

Moore's Defence. I am innocent.

Walsh's Defence. I was led into it; they are trying to lay it ill on my back.





JOHN WRIGHT
 (police-constable M 68.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Moore's former conviction, which I got from the office of the clerk of the peace for Surrey—(read)—he is the person who was then convicted.

MOORE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

WALSH—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

