



1966. 




CHARLES COATES



, stealing 1 fish-knife, 1 fork, 6 ladles, and other articles, value 26l. 4s.; the goods of 



Paris Sinanides, in his dwelling-house.






JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant, G 20). On 8th Aug., about half-past twelve o'clock in the day, I uas with Harvey in Myddleton-square, and met the prisoner and two others—Isaid I was a policeman, and asked what he had in his pocket—he said, "Nothing particular," pulling out some silver from bis coat pocket, and twisted it behind in the skirt—I took it from him—it was these three silver ladles and three teaspoons—he said, "Why did not you follow one of the others, he has the greater part of the sivag; this is a good case for you, old fellow; this will be a lagging job, should not you like to know who the others are?"—I said, "I am not particular, I have no desire to extract a confession from you"—lie said, "Then you shan't know"—I took him to the station—he said he did not want to be locked up all next day, I could go to 18, Duncan-terrace, and I should hear all about it—I went there, and found the plate was stolen from there—I saw Harvey take the rest of the plate from the prisoner's boots.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q.. Were the other men with him.

A One was a—head, and the other in close conversation with him—I knew one of them by sight before.





JOHN HARVEY
 (policeman, G 118). I was with Brannan—I took a fish-knife, a fork, a gravy-spoon, and three table-spoons out of the prisoner's boots.





MARY ANN STEARN
. I am in the service of Mr. Sinanides, of 18, Duncan-terrace. On 8th Aug., a little after twelve o'clock, I saw the street-door; jar—I had seen it shut ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before—I went into the parlour and missed the plate, which was worth 29l.—this (produced) is part of it—it is my master's—I saw it safe in the basket under the side-board about one hour before—there was no one but me in the house.





PARIS SINANIDES
. This is my plate.

Cross-examined. Q. Is not your name Sinani? A. I was christened so—it was my father's name—I have been called Sinanides perhaps twenty years—it means the "son of Sinani."
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—Recommended to mercy—


Transported for Seven Years.

