



1096. 




MARY MARRIOTT
 was indicted

 for stealing 2 half-crowns, and 2 shillings; the monies of 



James Drew: and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES DREW
. I keep a shop in King-street, Hammersmith-the prisoner lodged at my house—on the 25th of April, I marked two half-crowns and two shillings, and left them on the table in my bed-room, at quarter before eight o'clock in the morning—I went, and missed them at twenty minutes before pine—I got an officer-the prisoner was taken, and searched-the marked half-crowns and shillings were found on her-these are them.





SARAH HANCOCK
. I searched the prisoner at the station—I found this money in her hand.

Prisoner's Defence. I am charged with taking from Mr. Drew, 1s.; his bed-room door was locked, and he had the key in his pocket; I had left my situation at Mr. Green's at Hammersmith, on the 13th of April—he paid me a sovereign and 5s., the balance of my wages: I changed my sovereign at Mrs. Peel's, at Hammersmith, and bought a bonnet for 4s. 6d.; she gave me a half-sovereign and 5s. 6d.; I then had 10s. in silver; I went to lodge at Mr. Drew's: I paid for my week's lodging the night I went, 2s.; I was there eight days: the morning before I was taken, I was going to pay Mrs. Drew for my breakfast, with the half-sovereign, and she saw it in my hand: she told me not to change, but pay it in the morning; I then went to Shepherd's-bush, and as I came back, I went into the Hop Pole, and changed my half-sovereign: I paid Mrs. Drew with a shilling and two sixpences; I laid out 10 1/2 d.; I then had 8s. 1 1/2 d. remaining, and Mr. Drew said 7s. were his, but I am not guilty of what I am charged with.





HENRY MOUNT
 (police-constable T 29.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 7th July, 1845, and confined four months)—the prisoner is the person—she has lately been living in a situation where they have lost a great many things.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.

