



728. 




RICHARD MOORE
 was again indicted

 for forging and uttering, on the 
29th of December, 2 promissory notes for the payment of 10l. and 5l., with intent to defraud 



William Masterman and others.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.






CHARLES CHAPPELL
. I live at No. 7, Leicester-square. It is a house kept for the purpose of play—I am waiter and also an assistant in the house—I know the prisoner—I have seen him at the house on two or three occasions—he played on two occasions—I first saw him there eight or nine days before the 29th of December—I saw him on Monday night, the 28th, about half-past twelve o'clock—I was in the billiard-room when he came—he asked me if there was any play—I said uo—he asked me to go up and play with him—I did so—there was nobody else there—before we began to play he asked what bank there was, and I showed him 130l., in Bank of England notes, in the cash-box—that was all the money that was in the bank—we began playing at hazard—he lost 70l., which he paid in 5l. and 10l. country bank-notes—he went away, and returned in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and proposed to play again—we played at hazard—he lost 75l., which he paid in country bank-notes, 5l., 10l., and among them was one of 20l.—Air. Thompson, who is the proprietor of the house, came into the room while we were playing, and assisted at the table in gathering the counters—he came in during the time he was playing on the first occasion, and was present on the second occasion, but went away after the prisoner left a second time—he was there all the time of the second play—after the second play the prisoner asked, if he went and got some more money, whether we would play with him again—I said it was late, it was past our hour, which is twelve—it was then five or six o'clock in the morning—he went away, returned in about twenty minutes, and I played with him again at hazard—he lost 380l. on the third occasion—he paid it in a bank post bill of 300l. and another for 80l.—he then went away and did not return again—he lost altogether 525l.—I put the notes he had given me into the cash-box with the Bank of England notes—there were no country bank notes there before—Mr. Thompson was gone when the prisoner came back the third time, and the house was shut up—I was going to bed, and was partly undressed—I told him it was past hours, and we could not play; but he said he would have satisfaction, he had lost a good deal of money, and I had a right to give him a chance to get it back again, and he produced a pocket-book, and said, "There is money in that;" so we played—I put the whole of the money into the bank—it is a mahogany box—I took it from the box about

nine o'clock in the morning, when he left, put it into my pocket, went to Mr. Thompson, and gave it to him—I counted it before I gave it to him—it was 525l. and 130l., in Bank notes besides—I afterwards accompanied Mr. Thompson into the City, to get the notes cashed—Mr. Thompson gave me two 5l. and one 10l. notes to take to Masterman's—I believe those now produced to be the same—I presented them, and they were not paid—I waited there about five minutes—I had two other notes, on Glynn's, in my pocket, one for 5l. and one for 10l.—I gave them to a gentleman at Masterman's—these notes look like them—I gave them all up to the same person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do the police know of this bouse of yours? A. I do not know—I am not aware that they know what purpose it is used for—the prisoner only played on two nights—the first time he won, and went away with the money—he had been in our house, I think, on three separate nights—he went away and returned three times on the last occasion—he lost every time—hazard is a game of chance merely.

Q. Did not it strike you as odd be should always lose? you must have been in great luck. A. That might be the case—there is no management in the play—I never heard of such a thing as to "cog a die"—no doubt there is such a thing as loading a die—we sometimes played for 5l. at a time, and sometimes 10l.—we were about it from half-past twelve o'clock at night till about nine the next morning—no one came into the room while we were playing except the waiter, to stir up the fire, but he did not come near the cash-box—I gave the notes up to Mr. Thompson, about a quarter to ten o'clock—I started from his house, to go to the Bank, about eleven—there was a Bank post-bill for 300l. and one for 80l. which was not due, and 50l. of the notes were not payable in London, which Bults, in Cheapside, cashed for 6d. in the pound—I got nothing for my share, it will be his altogether—what I get rests entirely with my employer—I dare say I shall get something—I have a regular salary—it was my master's money I was playing with—our house has never been indicted, to my knowledge, not since Mr. Thompson hag had it—we are particular who we admit to play—we only judge by their appearance, if they look like gentlemen—I dare say all the "blacklegs" in London are well dressed—nobody is concerned with Mr. Thompson there—I do not know that many "blacklegs" play there, that I swear, nor do I believe it.





JOHN THOMPSON
. On Monday night, the 28th, I was at the rooms, No. 7, Leicester-square, and saw the prisoner and Chappell playing at hazard—they played after I went in for about three-quarters of an hour—the prisoner lost, and I saw him pay country notes—he went out, returned in a short time with a fresh supply of notes, and played again—I played—he lost about 75l. the second time—he paid that in the same desecription of notes, and as he went away I heard him say something about having an 80l. bank post-bill, and he should not be above a quarter of an hour, and would go and fetch it—I did not wait, as it was very late—it must have been some time after four—there bad been 130l. in the bank the night before, in Bank of England notes—in the morning, Chappell returned me that money, and country notes to the amount of 145l.—two Manchester bank post-bills, one for 80l., the other for 300l.—I proceeded, with Chappell, to the City, to get the notes cashed—I went to Mr. Bull's, in Cheapside, and parted with 50l. in notes not payable in. town—he

cashed them at a discount—I gave Chappell 35l., consisting of about five notes, to get cashed at Masterman's and Glynn's—they were the same notes as he had given me—I went to Barclay's with a 10l. note, which they paid—I went to Hanbury's with a 20l. note, which they detained, and I was taken into custody by Forrester afterwards, just outside Barclay's door, where I was waiting for Chappell—I changed one 10l. note at Payne, Smith, and Payne's—the Manchester bank post-bills I had still in my pocket, and gave them to Forrester, with the remainder of the notes.

Cross-examined. Q. Was any body else playing that night? A. Not any one, that I saw—it was after twelve o'clock when I went into the room—whatever is won is put into the box, to the best of my knowledge—I have trusted Chappell with a deal of money—the box is not very often very full, we change about—I should not think it was a losing concern—I know it is against the law to do this, but I do it—I never kept a gambling-house before—I decline saying whether I have ever been in gaol—or whether I have been tried in a court of justice—I have been tried once—I do not know that I am obliged to answer where I went to after the trial—I did not go home—I went where they took me—I saw my home again as soon as I could, as soon as they gave me my liberty—I decline saying how long it was before they gave me my liberty—I was never in prison for any thing but keeping a gambling-house—the term bonnet means parties, I believe, playing at the table, and belonging to the house—I do not know that they are always partners—we have nothing of the kind at our house.





WILLIAM SIMPSON
. I am principal cashier at Masterman's, the bankers. On the 29th of December, Chappell brought two 5l. notes, of the Boston bank, and one of the Commercial Bank of England—that bank had no account with us at that time—the Boston bank still kept an account there—I gave the notes I received from him to Mr. Peel, a clerk in the country office—our firm is William Masterman and others.





JOSEPH PEEL
. I am principal clerk in the house of Masterman and Co. I received three notes from Mr. Simpson—I cannot say these now produced are the three—they were notes similar to these—they were two of the Boston bank for 5l. and 10l., and one of the Commercial Bank of England for 5l.—I gave them to Mr. Mildred.





DANIEL MILDRED
. I am one of the partners in the house of Masterman and Co. I received three notes from Mr. Peel, which I gave to Mr. Bace, clerk, of Messrs. Bush and Masters.





JOSEPH BACE
. I am clerk to Messrs. Bush and Masters, solicitors. I received these three notes from Mr. Mildred, and have produced them here.





JOSEPH CLATPON, ESQ
. I am a partner in the house of Garfit, Clay-pon, and Co., of Boston. The notes issued by our bank are always signed by one of the partners—these two notes are not genuine—there is nobody of our bank of the name signed to them—I do not know the names at all—they are 5l. and 10l. notes—there are no such persons as Harris and Summers, which names are to them—it is not the signature of any body connected with our firm—the notes seem to be taken from the plate used for our notes.





EDWARD CLARK
. I am in the service of Messrs. Bult, bullion-dealers, in Cheapside. I remember the witness Thompson coming there on the morning of the 29th of December to exchange Scotch, Irish, and local notes—we cashed them at a small discount.






DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am an officer of the Mansion-house. I took Thompson into custody on the 29th of December, in Barclay's banking-house—I had seen him in Lombard-street—I went into the house with him—I do not know what was said to him at first—I was rather behind—Chappell either pointed him out or accosted him—Thompson pointed out Mr. Mitchell as the person he had changed a 10l. note with, and I took Thompson into custody—Chappell was before me—Thompson immediately said, "I have other notes, and received them in play"—he gave me an account of them—he gave up, and I took from him a great many notes, which I produce—he gave me some Bank of England ones—I produce the country notes he gave me.





JOHN MITCHELL
. I am cashier at Barclay and Co.'s. On Tuesday, the 29th of December, Thompson came there and presented a 10l. note, purporting to be drawn by the Spalding Banking Company—I cashed it—he had scarcely left the house, before I discovered it to be a forgery—I ran over to the bank to stop the payment of the note I had given for it—shortly afterwards Forrester brought him to oui house—the note produced is it—I put a mark on it at the time—the signature is forged.





GEORGE BUGG
. I am manager of the Spalding branch of the Stamford and Spalding Banking Company. This is not a genuine note—it appears to have been taken from our plate—the signatures are both fictitious—we have no persons of the names signed to it.





THOMAS COOK
. I keep a billiard-room in the Strand. The prisoner came to my house on the evening of the 31st of December—I received a letter in the morning by post, purporting to come from him—this is it—I received this other letter by the hands of my brother afterwards.





JOHN COOK
. I gave that letter to my brother—I received it from Manning.





JOHN MANNING
. I am porter at Fricour's hotel, St. Martin's-lane. I saw the prisoner there about seven o'clock in the evening of the 1st of January—he gave me a letter to take to T. Cook, Esq., Strand, and told me if I was asked where I came from not to tell them—I took that letter, and gave it to John Cook—Mr. Cook went back with me, and got Forrester—I pointed the prisoner out to Forrester at Fricour's hotel.





DANIEL FORRESTER

re-examined. I took the prisoner into custody—I searched him in a private room in the hotel, and found a letter containing three bills, a note, and some money in a pocket-book—he asked who I was—I told him I was an officer, and took him into custody for passing forged notes—he said they were not forged, but fictitious—I put him into a coach, and Chappell and I and him went towards Giltspur-street Compter—Chappell had gone with me to identify him, and he said in the coffee-room, "I give that person into custody for forgery"—in the coach the prisoner said, "I have lost a great deal of money in gambling, I have been ruined, and I have taken those steps to try to get it back"—Chappell said, "We have not bad any of your money, you are a winner of us 5l."—the prisoner said, "4l. 10s."





JOHN MEESOM
. I am clerk at Glynn's. These two notes purport to be payable at our house, from the bank of Manchester—they have removed their account from our house some years, but from what I recollect of their notes, I should say these are not genuine.





WILLIAM NICHOLLS
. I am clerk to Messrs. Dennison, bankers, in Lombard-street, who are the correspondents of the bank of Manchester. This 10l. and this 5l. note are both forged.






EDMUND BURDICAN
. I am manager of the bank of Manchester. These post-bills for 300l. and 80l. are forged—the plate is genuine, but they are not our filling up—the signatures are not genuine—we have no parties of that name, nor is it the handwriting of any body belonging to our establishment—we get our plates from Perkins and Bacon.
(The two letters produced in the former case were again read, also another found on the prisoner, addressed to Mr. Johnson, (instead of Thompson) dated the 1st of January, from Wright's hotel, stating that the bearer would give him his acceptance at fifty one days, three months and six months, for 525l., on his returning notes to that amount that if it was in his power to make the party who had given him the notes, pay him before the bills were due, he would pay them.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Justice Coltman.

