




193. 




ANN SIMONS



, stealing on 1st Oct., at St. Marylebone, 1 pair of sleeves, value 1s. 6d. 3 collars, 1l. 1 pair of cuffs, 6s. 6d. 141 handkerchiefs, 24l. 7s. 13 scarfs, 17l. 13 shawls, 53l. 16s. 6d. 12 yards of tassore, 4l. 14s. 6d. 16 yards of damask silk, 5l. 8s. 93 yards of glace, 36l. 5s. 7d. 28 yards of corded silk, 32 yards of satin, 14l. 14s. and a great variety of articles amounting altogether to upwards of 500l. the goods of 



James Marshall and another, her masters; and 





BENJAMIN SIMONS



, feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to be stolen; 2nd COUNT, for receiving, harbouring, comforting, assisting, and maintaining the said 



Ann Simons, well knowing her to have committed the said felony.


MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL
with
MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the prosecution.






JAMES MARSHALL.
 I am in partnership with Mr. Stinton, as silk-mercers and drapers generally, carrying on a large business in Vere-street, Oxford-street—the prisoner Ann Simons was in our service for two years and a half, and was employed in the cloak-room, among other things to cut out goods for the purpose of having them made up—to the time when these discoveries were made, I was not aware that she had a father alive—I never had any conversation with her about her father; but I always understood, from the whole of our establishment, that she had no father; not from herself. On 19th

Oct. last, in consequence of discoveries I made, I gave her into custody—we have at various times missed large quantities of silks, lace, hosiery, gloves, shawls, ribbons, and other things—from circumstances that transpired, on 22nd Oct. I went down to Gumley, near Market Harborough, in Leicester-shire, to the house of the prisoner Benjamin Simons—he keeps the Harborough Arms there—I arrived there about ten or half-past ten o'clock at night—I told him that they my name was Marshall, and I wished to speak to him privately—he said he did not know the name of Marshall—I said it appeared to me a very extraordinary thing that he did not know the name of Marshall; that his daughter had been living with us for three years; that she had been in the country, for her holiday, last Christmas, and that I had been told that her holiday was spent at his house—he appeared to be very excited, and said it was a hard thing that he should be accountable for what his daughter had been doing in London, 100 miles away—I had not then told him what his daughter had done—I told him that he appeared to be a most unnatural parent, that he seemed to care so little about it—I then told him that his daughter had been robbing us to a large amount, and that I was in search of a hair trunk, that his daughter Ellen had brought down there, and left in the back bedroom—he declared most positively that he had not seen such a trunk—I told him it was useless to deny it, as his daughter Ellen had given me the information, and told me where I should find it—I told him at all that had passed between me and Ellen, and asked if he had any communication from London—he said he had not—I described the sort of trunk I meant, and said without he gave it up I should apply for a search-warrant—he said I might search without one—I then inquired of him and some other persons who were in the house at the time, for the address of the Magistrate—I did not get it, and went across the road to a cottage, and knocked the people up to inquire where the Magistrate lived—I got his address, and went to him—I had no constable with me at that time—I went into the back bedroom before I left the house, but saw nothing there—I went into two bedroom, but did not find the trunk nor anything that I could recognize as mine—there was a stout gentleman there, named Buzzard, who, when I was making inquiries about the trunk, called Simons on one side, took him by the collar, and said, "Ben, Mr. Marshall appears to have a very straightforward story, if you know any-thing about the truck described, or any of Mr. Marshall's property, or if you know where it is, I entreat you as a friend to give him up the property, and give him any information you can"—he can stated he knew nothing about the hair truck or any of our property—on going to the Magistrate he gave me a search-warrant, and sent his servant with me to call the constable up—I then returned with the constable to Simon's house and searched it—that was about half-past twelve at night—he was sitting drinking and smoking the whole of the time—we searched the whole of the house, the drawers, and all the outhouse—Benjamin Simons kept saying that he had no property of ours, and knew nothing about it, and was jeering me very much the whole of the time—he said he would go with me to London and help me to search, if I would pay the expenses up to London—there was a derision in what he said, and in his manner as well—it was said in an offhanded sort of way—we found several things in some chests of drawers in each bed-room, which I could identify as having been ours—the greater part of them had been worn, and were of great value when new—they were not the things I was in search of—there were several small shawls, a silk dress, a lace bonnet

and various articles of females' wearing-apparel, some new linen for pillow-cases, which I recognized, and a piece of new material for a dress—I and the officer brought them down into the kitchen where the prisoner was sitting, and I told the constable to take him as my prisoner, that I had sufficient to transport him—I was very angry—he seemed very frightened and agitated—the constable at first did not take him, he said he would have another pipe of tobacco first, and sat down—he was a special constable—I then told the men who had driven me over from Leicester to take the harness of the horse, for I was determined to stop there till the morning—Simons then said, "I suppose you do not want to do anything to me if I give you up the hair trunk"—I told him it was the trunk that I wanted—he said he wished to speak to me outside the door, alone—I told him that anything he had to say must be in the presence of the constable—we all three went outside into the yard, and he refused to say anything—we then returned into the house, and he said, if I would allow the constable to go with him he would give him up the truck, to which I consented—I remained in the house, and he and the constable went out together—they returned in about ten minutes with the hair trunk—I saw it in the yard—this now produced is it—I then inquired of Simons if that was all he had got of our property—he said it was—I asked if he had the key of it—he said he had not—I asked if he was certain it had not been opened—he said he was positive it had not been opened since it had been brought down by Ellen—he did not say when that was—he then called me on one side again, and asked if I would write to the Magistrate to say that my firm belief was that he knew nothing about the hair trunk that I had found in his house—I said that I felt bound to write to the Magistrate after his kindness to me in giving me the search-warrant at the late hour, and to tell him what had transpired—I ordered my chaise, the trunk was put in, and I took it to Leicester—I there examined it, and in consequence of what I saw, and did not see, in it, I set out for Gumley again in less than ten minutes, taking the same two men with me—Gumley is fifteen miles from Leicester—I went to the house of the Rev. Mr. Abthorpe, the Magistrate, and Simons came to me there—I told him that he had not given me up all my property, that I was certain that he had a large quantity more concealed—he said he had another large chest, and if he gave it up he supposed the Magistrate would not do anything to him—the Magistrate said he could not hear of anything of the kind, and sent for the constable and gave him in charge, with the goods contained in the hair truck—we then proceeded to Simon's house, and on the road he said it was a very large chest and very heavy, and that he would be bound I should be satisfied with the contents, if I would let him escape—I told him that I had no power to do so, that the constable had him in charge and the property—we then went to his house; the Magistrate followed us, and told Jesson the constable not to let Simons escape, or any of the property be taken away—when we got to the house Simons spoke to the constable, and told him where he would find the chest—I did not hear what he said—he called the constable aside—the constable went and got the assistance of another man, a horse-dealer I believe, and in about ten minutes they returned with a large oak chest—Simons was not with them—his wife gave me the key—I am not positive whether it was in his presence or not—the chest was placed in the parlour, and I unlocked it in the presence of Simons and the constable—a piece of silk handkerchief laid on the top, which Simons laid hold of and wished me to give him—I said I should do nothing of the sort—he was perfectly sober—it was about eleven o'clock in the morning—(the oak chest was here produced



and opened)—the thing were not lying as they are now, with newspapers at the top, but articles of ours were visible—this is the piece of handkerchiefs that was lying at the top—many of these articles have our private mark upon them—all the things in the chest are included in this indictment—here is a piece of printed jaconet muslin, a piece of figured muslin, a muslin skirt, and an embroidered tassore dress, worth three guineas and a half—these dresses are made in this state at our shop—all these articles are new.

COURT.
Q. Is there an assortment of goods such as would be required to stock a shop, or are they taken without regard to any particular assortment? A. They appear to have been taken without regard to that, they are all of the most expensive kind, and all new.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. What is the value of the articles contained in that oak chest altogether? A. About 400l.—we have made a list of them amounting to that, but many of them cost us a great deal more than they are put down at in the list—the private marks have been taken from many of them—this silk has no mark on it, but it was made expressly for our house—no other house had any of this pattern—this is an embroidered lines dress. made very recently—it was in our possession within a few months—it is worth 15s. 6d.—here is an expensive dress, which was in our house last summer, and this is another silk of a pattern made expressly for us—when we sell goods we generally take off the private mark—these are cambric handkerchiefs, with our private mark on them—they are worth 5s. 6d. each—this is a piece of Irish linen, the private mark is washed off, but our name is on it, "Marshall and Stinton, importers"—it his been washed throughout—these are silk stockings of 10s. a pair, with our mark—I have looked through all the articles contained in the oak chest, and there are none which I have not reason to believe formed part of our stock—when we had got the oak chest on the top of the fly that I had engaged, and the trunk placed inside, Simons told me that his son had brought the key down, naming some day in April, I believe, I am not positive of the day, but my impression is that he said on the Thursday after his daughter had been taken into custody—that would be the 21st—he referred to the fact of his daughter being taken into custody—he said it was the Thursday after she was taken into custody—he said that she had packed the things in the chest when she was down last Christmas, and that he knew no more than I did what were the contents of the chest—he had previously told me that when I saw its contents he would be bound I should be satisfied with them. and let him escape—he said it was his chest, and it had not been unlocked since she had packed it last Christmas—when he was before the Magistrate he stated that the hair trunk had been put over the hedge while we were searching—I do not recollect that he stated why—that was not said at a time when any deposition was taken, or anything written down, but when the Magistrate had no clerk or any assistants—I do not recollect his stating anything that had been done either with the trunk or chest in consequence of what his son had told him.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON.
Q. How many persons were there in your employment during the day time? A. We employ between forty and fifty persons at our premises in Vere-street—I should say the greater part of them slept on the premises—we had only two that slept out—neither myself nor Mr. Stinton have lived there for the seven years—Mr. Snellgrove managed the establishment—Madame Louise managed it only for a very small portion of the time—some person having the management of the establishment was always on the premises—all the goods that have been produced to-day could not have been taken at one time—we kept a sufficient

watch to prevent any large parcels being taken away without the permission of the person in charge of the establishment—we have porters, who are under the control of the principal shopmen and shopwomen—they received their orders from Mr. Snellgrove, Mr. Stinton, or myself, or Mr. Brown, who is in our employ—they take parcels for the young persons, I have no doubt, after the hours of business—they are not allowed to do so—so large a parcel of goods as that contained in the oak chest could not be removed at one time without coming to my knowledge, but the hair trunk might—previous to the last nine months, the young persons were allowed to purchase articles in small quantities over the counter—I always understood that Miss Simons had some property beyond her salary.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. What was the exact expression that Benjamin Simons used about this oak chest before you saw it? A. He said, on our way to the Magistrate's house, that it was a very large chest, and very heavy, and he would be bound I should be satisfied with the contents if I would allow him to escape—he did not say it had not been opened at all, but that it had not been opened since his daughter had been there—after it was found, he said he did not know the contents of it any more than I did—that was as I was about to leave, with the chest on the fly—he was perfectly sober in the morning when the oak chest was given up—I should say he was perfectly sober when I first went into the house on the overnight, but he was drinking and smoking—he did not appear to me to be tipsy, or under the influence of drink at any part of the time—I first went there about ten o'clock at night. and stopped until half-past three—I got back at about half-past ten o'clock in the morning—he was up then—I cannot say whether he had been up all night—I was away from the house six hours

COURT.
Q. Do you recollect the words he used in communicating the fact that his daughter had packed the things at Christmas? A. He said his daughter had packed the oak chest at Christmas, and that it had not been opened since that time—there was no reference to his own knowledge of, or being present at, the packing.





THOMAS JESSON.
 I live at Gumley. I was called up about one o'clock in the morning of 23rd Oct., to execute the search-warrant—I accompanied Mr. Marshall to Simon's house—Mr. Marshall told him that he was in search of hair trunk—Simons told me to take candles and light Mr. Marshall, and whatever property of his we found he was to take—he did not say whether he had the hair trunk or not—I took a light, we searched, and found some lace and other things, which Mr. Marshall claimed—I afterwards found the hair trunk—Simons gave it to me in the homestead—he took me there—it was in the open air that he gave it to me—he left me in the home-stead while he went and fetched it—he was not gone more than five minutes—I lost sight of him for that time—he went in the direction of a barn which is near a hedge, the hedge is on the right side—he came in a direction from the barn, carrying the hair trunk—I saw Mr. Marshall again about nine o'clock the same morning and went with him from the Magistrate to Simons's house, and there received possession of the oak chest now produced—I found it in Miss Simon's barn, upon some straw—Simons told me where to fetch it from—I cannot say how far the barn is from the house—it did not take me more than two minutes to go and fetch it—the barn belongs to the Misses Simons, two sisters of his—they do not live with him, but at another house, on the other side of the road—the barn is attached to the sisters' house—the chest was against the wall, upon some straw, five or six feet from the

ground—there was some loose straw about it, but I could see the chest, and the man that was with me saw it, and helped me carry it—the straw was packed—the chief part of it was in battens—the chest was in about the middle of the straw—we had to get up on the straw to get hold of it—it was about six feet within the outside of the straw—that was the same barn from which I had seen him bring the hair trunk—when I went to look for the oak chest the straw appeared to have been disturbed—there was some loose straw about—I have known Simons as a neighbour.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. You are not a constable? A. No, my brother is the constable, but he was not at home, and I was sworn in to execute the search-warrant—I did not take Simons into custody—the Magistrate told me afterwards not to let him go—that was no the second occasion—it was before that that I had declined to take him into custody—I have known him ever since I can recollect—he has always borne a most excellent character in our neighbourhood—I never heard anything but the atmost honesty of him—he has lived within a mile of there all his life—he formerly had a farm there, and now keeps a licensed public-house—he has eight or nine children.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. How many of them are at homewith him? A. Two boys and a girl.
(MR. HUDDLESTON
here called upon the prosecutors to elect upon which act of larceny they would proceed, it being clear that all the property could not have been taken at one time.
MR. BODKIN
replied, that if called upon to elect at all, it could not be until the close of the case. The 
COURT
was of opinion, that, although the articles ultimately found in the hair trunk might have been separately taken by the servant, yet that by their remaining on the premises they reverted onto the possession of the master, and that the removal of the trunk afterwards was one act of larceny of all its contents.)





DAVID EVANS.
 I am a porter, in the employment of Messrs. Marshall and Stinton. I carried the hair trunk produced, from my master's premises to Madame Devy's 73, Lower Grosvenor-street, by Miss Simons's order—it is more than four months ago I think—I delivered it to the hall-porter there, and saw him give it to Ellen Simons, the prisoner's sister, who lived there—when Miss Simons gave me the trunk, she told me to take it down, and be sure to see her sister, and give her the trunk, and I did so—I corded the trunk at Mr. Marshall's—Miss Simons told me to do so.





ELLEN SIMONS.
 I am the daughter of the male prisoner, and the sister of the female. In July last I was living at Madame Devy's, in Grosvenor-street—in the middle of July last I received this hair trunk from Evans—in consequence of a communication that he made to me from my sister, I took the trunk to my father's house at Gumley—I did not receive the key with it—I cannot say whether my father was at home when I arrived—I did not see him directly I got into the house—I saw him during the time I was there—the trunk was deposited at his house—I could not say which room I left it in, because it was removed into two rooms during the time I was at home—when I first went, it was taken into my bed-room—I staid at home a month—I do not think it was in my bed-room when I came away—I took off the cord myself, at my own instigation; I do not know why, I did not want it—the box was locked—I did not open it—I saw the oak-chest there—it was standing in the bed-room in which I slept part of the time—my mother was not well, and I slept with her during that time—the chest was in her room—my father and mother generally slept together—about three months ago, after my return from Gumley,

my sister Ann handed me a key, at Mr. Hickman's—I believe it was the k✗ of the oak-chest—I was to keep it—she gave it me to take care of—she gave me not reason why—I had seen the oak-chest at my father's, and I knew that my sister had possession of it—it was in my father's bed-room—when she gave me the key, she said, "You will take this key, and take care of it for me"—I knew what key it was—she gave me no reason why I was to take care of it—she said it was the key of her box at home—she did not tall me what was in the box—I kept the key for about two months, until I knew my sister was in custody—that was on Tuesday evening, the 19th—I sent for my brother Nicholas, I think, on the Thursday evening, about seven of eight, and delivered the key to him—no one had told me to do so—I told him to take it to my father's, and also to tell him how ill my sister Elizabeth was; that I did not suppose she would live the night through—I also told him to say my sister was in custody—I did not say what for—to the best of my recollection this is the key (looking at it.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. You knew that the oak-chest was in your sister's possession? A. I did; I had never seen her open it—she told me it was in her possession, and she had the key of it—I went into the country in July, and stayed till Aug.—my father has been a farmer for a considerable time—he is not a man that troubles himself at all about domestic matters—he is a great deal more versed in out-door affairs than matters in the house—he does not occupy any land at present—he does not at all interfare about the state of the drawers, or anything of that kind—he does not even take his own things out of the drawers.

COURT.
Q. Had any of the family been down to your father's from Christmas till you went? A. No; my sister Ann was down there last Christmas, and staid till a fortnight or ten days after Christmas—I went with her—the oak-chest was standing in my father's room then—I did not see that key in her possession at that time—the chest was locked—I tried it—I do not know why—I merely just lifted the lid to see whether it was quite fast—perhaps it was curiosity led me to do it—I knew that my sister kept things in it these—it was in July that I tried the lid, not at Christmas—I have seen my sister in the room where the chest was—I had not seen it open at any time.





NICHOLAS SIMONS.
 I am a son of the male prisoner. On the morning of 23rd Oct. last I received a key from my sister Ellen—I did not know who there my sister Ann was in custody then or not—Ellen told me to take the key down home, and give it to my father—I went down that same day, found my father at home, gave him the key, and said, "This is the key of one of Ann's boxes"—I did not tell him what had happened to my sister—I did not know that she was in custody at that time—I knew that she was charged with robbing Mr. Marshall, but I did not know that she was in custody—I told my father that.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. You mentioned to him what she was charged with? Q. Yes, I had heard that from my sister when she gave me the key—that was all that passed.

COURT.
Q. did he say anything when you told him that? A. Nothing.





JOHN TADMAN
 (police-inspector C.) I received the male prisoner into custody at Market-Harborough, and brought him away from there in a fly—I was not in my uniform—after I had placed him in the fly, I told him that I was an inspector of police, from London, and that I had come down to take him for having received a quantity of silk, and other articles, which his daughter had been charged with stealing from her employers in town—he said, "Yes, I am aware of the charge against me, but I am as innocent as

You are of it"—shortly afterwards, he said, "It is a bed job for me that I should get into such a scrape from my children stealing from their employers in town"—I said, "Perhaps it is; the worst part of the charge against you is, that you removed, or caused to be removed, property, after your daughter was in custody in town"—he said, "That certainly is, but that was done through a communication I had from town, stating that my daughter was in trouble, and if the boxes were removed for a few days, all would be settled"—I then took a bundle from under the seat, and said, "I have been to Gumley to—day, and I have received this from your wife; she states that your daughter brought them down"—he said, "I have no doubt that is true, but I am as innocent as you of it"—that bundle contained the skirt of a dress, and other things, which the prosecutor identified, and which were found loose in various parts of the house—I have a list of the articles.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did he not also say, "I don't think my poor wife knows anything more about it than I do?" A. Yes.





JOHN STINTON.
 I am in partnership more with Mr. Marshall, in this establishment, in Vere-street—there are servants of ours sleeping in the house—it is in the parish of St. Marylebone.

COURT. Q. Are there articles in that oak-chest, the value of which separetely exceeds 5l.? A. Yes—I have not gone through them all—there ate some valued at nine guineas and fifteen guineas.





JAMES MARSHALL

re-examined. The value of the piece of handkerchiefs which the male prisoner asked me to give him, is a guineas and a half.

MR. SNELLGROVE. I am principal assistant to Messrs. Marshall and stinton, and have been so for the last seven years.
(MR. PRENDERGAST
submitted that there was no evidence to go to the on the count charging the male prisoner as are accessory; it being accessory, in order to support that charge, that some act should be done personally to aid the principal felon: see The Queen v. Chapple, 9 Cur, and Payne, p. 355. MR. CLARKSON,
with
MR. BODKIN,
argued that any act done with the stolen property tending to assist the principal in eluding justice was sufficient. The
COURT
was of opinion that, to substantiale the charge of being as accessory, some act of personally aiding and assisting the principal must be proved, and recommended the Jury to acquit the male prisoner open that count, unless they were satisfied that the oak chest was to his knowledge packed with the stolen property by the female prisoner upon her visit at Christmas.)
(Several witnesses deposed to Benjamin Simons' good character.)

ANN SIMONS—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.—

BENJAMIN SIMONS—



GUILTY., Aged 56.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecuter, or account of his age, and previous good character,—



Confined Eighteen Months.

