



262. 




CHARLOTTE BROWN
 was again indicted

for stealing 1 purde, value 3s. 6d. the goods of 



Harry Robert Sorrell; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN SCOTT
. I am in the service of Harry Robert Sorrell. He is a hosier, and lives at No. 80 in the Strand, which is about sixty doors from Mr. Whitelock's—on the 11th of Nov. the prisoner came, and looked out goods to the amount of 4l. 9l.—she desired them to be sent to No. 31, Queen-street, Holborn—she said, "You know where Queen-street is, it is not far from here"—I said, "Yes"—she gave the name of Mrs. Parker—she desired me to send change for a 51. note about five o'clock, and the goods should be paid for—I had shown her some purses in a box, and amongst them was one brown beaded pune, with steel rings—I took the goods she ordered at the time appointed, and found no such person lived there—I went to Little Queen-street, Great Queen-street, and Queen-square, and could not find her—I did not see her again till the 29th of Nov., when I saw her in the shop of Mr. Palmer, to whom I had given information—she was searched at Bow-street—the officer showed me a brown beaded silk purse—it was the one I had in the box and had shown the prisoner, and the one I had missed—I have no doubt in my own mind it wai that one—we had but one brown silk purse beaded, and there is a deficiency of that one from our stock—I have no doubt the purse the officer showed me was the one we lost.





EMMA MILLS
. I am a widow, and live in Great Wild-street. On the 29th of Nov. I searched the prisoner—I found this purse in her pocket, and four sixpences in it—I gave it to Sinnock.





WILLIAM SINNOCK
 (police-constable T 91.) On the 29th of Nov. I was on duty in the Strand, and was called to take the prisoner—I took her to the station—Mrs. Mills handed me this purse.





JOHN SCOTT

re-examined. This is the purse I missed—I am able to speik to it from the manner in which it is beaded, and having no other brown beaded purse in the shop—here is no other mark on it than the manner in which it is beaded—if we buy a dozen purses we have seldom two alike, I may lay never two alike, and up to the time the prisoner was given in charge no other person had seen the box, because I am constantly there.





HENRY FOWLER
 (police-constable E 111.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court, by the name of 


Charlotte Collins—(read—Convicted 4th March, 1844, and confined one year)—the prisoner is the person—she has been to almost every shop—there were several other cases we could have had against her—she is one of the greatest shoplifters in London.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.

