




858. 




WILLIAM BROCKSOP
 and 




GEORGE BENTLIFFE
 were indicted for

stealing 1 basket, value 2d.; 2lbs., weight of bread, 4d.; 1lb. weight of cheese, 7d.; and 1 fork, 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas James; and that Bentliffe had been before convicted of felony.






CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-sergeant L 8.) I was in company with Cudley, another officer, between eight and nine o'clock on Saturday night, the 20th of Feb.—I saw the two prisoners in company together near the Elephant and Castle, looking into a stationer's shop—they then crossed near to the alms-house—they went up towards Kennington—they followed a wagon to the Goat's Head, in the Wandsworth-road—the wagon then stopped, and the prisoners stopped at the same time—I saw them for about a minute, and then lost sight of them—I remained there till the wagoner went on—I followed him for about 300 yards, and then saw the prisoners—they had changed their cap and hat—they followed the wagon to the Nag's Head, where it stopped—they turned back, and came to Vauxhall again—I and my brother officer ran after them for nearly a mile, till we came to the waterworks at Vauxhall—there Brocksop held up a basket, and Bentliffe was with him—we followed them to Kennington-cross, and there I stopped them—Brocksop wanted to know what it was for—I said, "For being about the road to commit felony"—I found part of a loaf and a bit of cheese in the basket, and when I took Brocksop he was eating bread and cheese—the man who was driving the wagon appeared the next day—he identified the basket and a fork that was in it—the prisoners had been following the wagon for about half an hour.

Brocksop. Q. Are you perfectly confident you saw us follow the wagon up Kennington-lane? A. Yes—I did not see the basket stolen from the wagon—I did not see you cross in front of the horses—when you ran you passed me on the opposite side of the road—I cannot say I saw you run, but I ran till I saw you.





WILLIAM ATLEE
 (police-constable L 110.) I was with Goff when we stopped the prisoners, eating bread and cheese—Brocksop had the basket—Bentliffe said it was his—I found the fork in Bentliffe's pocket, and a knife in his hand.





THOMAS BENT
 (police-constable V 95.) The prisoners were pointed out to me near the Goat's Head—I saw them change hat for cap—I could not run fast enough to catch them.


Brocksop. Q. Did you see us go near the wagon? A. Yes—I saw you cross the road in front of the horses—I did not see you with anything in your possession, it was too dark—I did not see you run—the horse patrol came up, and made you go off so fast.





THOMAS JAMES
. I am a small farmer, and live at Broomshead, near Leaphook. This is my basket, and this is my fork—they were in my wagon on the 20th of Feb.—I never missed the basket till I got to the Nag's Head—I had a quartern loaf and about three quarters of a pound of cheese in the basket—it was in the fore part of the wagon, towards the horses—it could not have dropped out—it was up in the wagon—a cloth laid at the top of it—it laid on the floor of the wagon, quite safe.

Brocksop's Defence. I met Bentliffe at the Elephant and Castle; I had not known him more than a month; he said, "I am going to meet a friend will you go with me and meet him?" he said, "We will go up Kennington-lane;" we went as far as Wandsworth; and on returning, nearly opposite the waterworks, this basket laid in the road; I took it, and held it up to the light; there was bread and cheese in it; We commenced eating it, and were taken; I am not known to the police as having committed any offence, neither have I done so.





JAMES CUDDY
 (police-constable D 20.) I produce a certificate of Bentliffe's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 24th Oct., 1842, having been before convicted of felony, transported for seven years)—I was present—he is the person.

BROCKSOP—



GUILTY. Aged 23.—




Judgment Respited.



BENTLIFFE—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

