



1625. 




WILLIAM SULLAN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 1s.; 2 shillings, and 3 sixpences; the property of 



John Hall, Esq., from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






LIEUT.-COLONEL JOHN HALL
. I belong to the First Regiment of Life Guards. About three o'clock in the afternoon of the 9th of May, I was in Oxford-street—some person put a stick before me—I turned round, and saw the prisoner running off the pavement—I ran, and overtook him—he ran about fifty yards, and round a carriage, then turned to Holles-street, and ran towards some iron rails—a person said, "There he is"—I went and took him—I examined my pocket at the police-office—my purse was then gone—it contained two shillings and three sixpences—it has not been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You found nothing on him? A. Not belonging to me—there was 16s. or 17s. of his own money—I pursued him directly—I had but little money in my purse—the rings were large, and I doubled it up in a knot—it was in my great-coat pocket—the prisoner was pointed out to me again—I had lost sight of him—my purse was in my pocket between twelve and one o'clock—I am sure he is the man that ran away.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
, tea-dealer, Oxford-street. About three o'clock, on the 9th of May, I saw the prosecutor pass my shop—I saw the prisoner come behind him, and lift up the tail of the prosecutor's coat, and something appeared to drop into the prisoner's other hand—he ran off the pavement, just under a four-wheeled carriage—he came on the pavement again, and my friend and the prosecutor pursued him—he first ran, and then walked.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. About two yards inside my shop—I had never seen the prisoner before—I did not lose sight of him—the prosecutor was as near as possible to me—he might be a step or two before me—my friend pointed out the prisoner to the prosecutor—I am quite sure from the first to the last I had full sight of theprisoner's legs, while he was on the other side of the carriage—he ran till he got past the carriage, and then walked.





EBENEZER BOWER
 (police-constable D 143.) I took the prisoner, and found 15s. 1d. and a silk handkerchief on him.





JOHN REEVE
 (City police-constable, No. 470.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner it the same person—he was given into my custody for stealing a purse out of a Mr. Atkins's pocket.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

