



46. 




RICHARD ELCOMB
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Parr, at 
St. Mary Abbot's, Kensington, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 17s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, 3s.; 1 jacket, 8s.; 1 waistcoat, 2s.; 1 hat, 2s.; and 2 handkerchiefs, 3s.; the goods of 




George Wheeler; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE WHEELER
 (labourer.) I live near the Warwick Arms, Kensington. The prisoner is my brother-in-law—my house is in the parish of St. Mary Abbot's, Kensington—on the 1st of Nov. I left home about five o'clock in the morning—I pulled the door to—it was locked, and all safe—I do not know about the window—I came home at night—the door was then burst open—I saw no marks of violence on it—I missed the articles stated out of a drawer—they were there when I left home that morning—these things now produced are all mine.





JAMES DAVIS
. The prisoner and another came to me one morning, and asked me to pledge this watch—I pledged it for 17s., at Mr. Masland's, Westminster-road, and gave them the money.

Prisoner. It is false, I never saw him before.





ISAAC RUSSELL
. On Friday the prisoner came and asked if I would lend him an old pair of trowsers, and take his to pawn, and I should have the ticket—he gave me this pair—I gave them to the constable.





WILLIAM MASLAND
 (pawnbroker, Westminster-road.) I took this watch in pledge of Davis on the 1st of Nov.—it was in my possession about six or seven days, after which time the prisoner's sister came to me—I gave information, by which he was apprehended.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me with it? A. I never saw you in my life.





EDWARD RICHARDSON
 (policeman.) I produce these trowsers, which I got from Russell.

Prisoner's Defence. I was at work when the robbery was committed; I did not give the trowsers to anybody; I know nothing about the watch, I never had it in my possession, and never saw it in my life.





JOSEPH JULPH
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

