



364. 




HANNAH PALMER
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 28th of Nov., I watch, value 6l., the goods of 



William Hill, well knowing the same to have been stolen.







WILLIAM HILL
. I live at Walworth. On the 28th of Nov. I was going up Toeley-street—I had my watch in my pocket, and either 4s. 6d. or 6s. 6d. in money—a man before me dropped a glove—I said, "Sir, you have dropped your glove"—he turned round and picked it up—I was going on, and he overtook me and spoke to me—I went with him to a public-house in Tooley-street—there were two men at the door, and he said, "God bless me, here are my two sons"—we went in and drank, and staid there an hour and a half—we then went to the Grapes, in Bermondsey-street, and there they gave me some warm ale, and I lost all my senses—I had my watch and my money when I was in Tooley-street; and when I awoke, my watch and money were gone—this is my watch (looking at one)—I did not see the prisoner—there was no woman in the company—it was four o'clock before I went into the public-house.





JOHN NORRIS
. I am a pawnbroker. This watch was pawned with me on the evening of the 28th of Nov., between seven and eight o'clock, by the prisoner, for 1l.—she came the next morning, and said she had lost the duplicate, and asked for a declaration—I asked if it was her property—she said "Yes"—I asked where she lived—she said, in Finsbury-street, but she did not know the number—I sent her to see the number—she came back and said it was No. 11—I gave her the declaration, and she came and redeemed the watch before we had notice that it was stolen—I knew her before, and had frequently served her.





ROBERT DIXON
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce this watch, which was pawned with me on the 29th Nov. for 25s., by a woman, but not the prisoner.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) On the evening of the 7th of Dec, between six and seven o'clock, the prisoner was brought to the station in Featherstone-street—she was asked her name and address—she gave her name only—she was told she was charged with receiving a watch which had been stolen—she said she met a sailor whom she knew, and pledged the watch for him—she then said she was in St. Luke's work-house—I said I would go there with her—in going she said, "I got into this by serving my employer"—she was then taken to the station, and said she had met a man whom she knew at Liverpool, and pawned the watch for him, and he gave her two shillings for her trouble.

Prisoner. I saw a person in a wine vaults, who is a merchant in Liverpool; I knew him there; he said he was reduced, and asked me to be kind enough to pledge his watch; I said I would; I went to Mr. Sowerby's, the corner of Finsbury-street, and got 20s. on it, which I gave to the man; the next morning I went and got the declaration; the pawnbroker knows me extremely well, from using the shop for my own property; the watch was not in the same state that it is now when I pawned it.




GUILTY.* Aged 60.—


Transported for Seven Years.

