





1202. 




THOMAS BLUNDELL, alias
 Smith

, 




JEMIMA WILSON, alias
 Smith

, and 



ANN WILSON
, were indicted for

 feloniously, knowingly, and without lawful excuse, having in their custody and possession two moulds, intended for counterfeiting penny pieces.


MESSRS. SCRIVEN
and
WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 83.) On Sunday, the 20th of April, between one and two o'clock, I saw the prisoners Blundell and Jemima Wilson at the station-house, and, while there, I saw Blundell put something into his mouth, which he appeared to swallow with great difficulty—I said they should be searched—the female prisoner was taken to the back of the station-house by the female searcher, who afterwards returned, and said Jemima Wilson had two keys which she refused to give up—I said they would be taken from her if she did not—she then produced them—I went to No. 10, Eaton-street, New-cut, Black-friars-road, with Romain, a constable, and there found the prisoner Ann lying on the floor between the bedstead and cupboard—as we went into the room Romain turned his light on—she looked up, and said, "I thought it was my sister come," and asked where she was—I said, "She is locked up at the station, you had better get up and dress yourself"—Romain took a candle off the bedstead, and lighted it—I saw something white in the cupboard, and found a mould there, which I produce—I found a file on the same shelf, five counterfeit penny pieces, and this bag, with "Robson, plaster-of-Paris manufacturer, Mount-pleasant," on it—I found some pieces of metal in the cupboard called gets, which fit the mould, and some pieces of run metal among the cinders under the fire-place—I found some more pieces of plaster-of-Paris between the stove and the wall—there were small splashes of white metal in the front of the stove, and about the bars—I said to Ann Wilson, "I have found a mould and several counterfeit coins here, you must go to the station"—she said,

"I do not live here, it is my sister's room; I live at No. 12, and will show you"—I tried the keys to the door, and found both of them locked and unlocked the room door—it was not fastened when I went in—I asked Ann how she got in—she said she burst the door open to lie down, as her sister was out—I went with her to No. 12—she pointed out the back, parlour on the ground floor as her room—as we went in she said something I did not understand, but she seemed surprised that there was no furniture there—the room was empty—I examined the fire-place, and behind it and under it, in the ashes, I found these pieces of plaster-of-Paris, which appear like broken moulds—the floor before the hearth was loose—I took up four boards, went under the flooring, and found this broken pipkin, which appears to have burst on the fire, as the metal appears to have flown from it—there are portions of metal in it—I found other pieces of plaster-of-Paris under the floor—as I was tying them up, Ann said, "I know nothing of them"—I found one key locked and unlocked the door of No. 12, but not the other.





WILLIAM ROMAIN
 (policeman.) I accompanied the witness on the 20th of April, shortly after one o'clock in the morning—the door was shut—we shoved against it, and it went open—we went up to the first floor back room—the door was shut but not fastened—it had been burst open—Ann Wilson said she did not live there, she had burst the door open to get in to sleep—I found on the mantle-piece this mould, some blue-stone, and in the cupboard a saucer, with some lead-pipe, and a piece of broken mould—this shovel was on the coals at the bottom of the cupboard, with this metal in it—here are marks at the back as if it had been on the fire—we went to No. 12 with Ann Wilson—she said that was the room she rented, but she had moved her things out the previous day—next day I accompanied the prisoners to the Magistrate—Ann said on the road, all the trouble she had got into, Blundell and her sister had brought her into—this was not in the other prisoners' hearing.





HONORA HANCOCK
. I am the wife of Thomas Hancock, of No. 10, Eaton-street—my huband rents Nos. 10 and 12—the female prisoners came to me nine weeks before they were taken—Ann took the room, No. 12, and the other No. 10, where I live—Blundell was not with them then—Jemima took the room at No. 10 for herself and husband, who she said was a baker's man—I gave her the key, and in three days after he came to live there—I saw him up and down, coming to and fro, as a man would do at his own place—I saw Ann Wilson at No. 10, coming in and out to the other prisoners' room—she occupied my room at No. 12 for nine weeks before she was apprehended—they were not both taken at the same time—Jemima took No. 10 four weeks after Ann took No. 12—they both came together to take No. 12, and about four weeks after Jemima took No. 10—Ann paid the rent of 12, and Jemima of No. 10, but the last time the man paid 9d. which, he said, was on account of rent—I gave the key of No. 12 to Ann, and that of No. 10 to Jemima—I thought Ann slept at No. 12, but do not know whether there was a bed there.

Blundell Q. When did I pay you the last money? A. The very day you was taken, about four o'clock on Saturday evening—I did not see you go out at the time, and cannot recollect whether you had your things on to go out.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint—this plaster-of-Paris mould, found at No. 10, is intended, and has been used, to cast counterfeit penny pieces, and has impressions of both sides of a penny

piece—here are five counterfeit penny pieces which have been cast in it three of them have the gets attached to them—I have applied them to the mould and they fit it—they would have to be colpured by means of a solution of sulphate of copper before they are circulated—a pair of scissors is generally used to remove the gets, and, afterwards, a file to take off the surplus metal—here is a file with white metal in the teeth of it, and some pieces of white metal similar to the counterfeit coin, several of them in the forms of gets—here is some plaster-of-Paris which appears to have been a mould, but has no impression on it now—here is a mould found at No. 12 with the impression of both sides of a farthing on it—here is some white metal, lead and pewter, similar to the metal in the shovel—I believe the coins to be Britannia metal and pewter—I cannot tell exactly—the metal in the shovel appears of a similar description, and to have been fused in this shovel—here is a pipkin which appears to have been used to fuse in white metal, and some broken pieces of plaster without any impressions upon them—they appear to be parts of moulds.
(Blundell put in a written defence stating, that he left his room on the morning in question and met a man named Willis and his wife, who asked permission to stop in his room till the evening, that he gave them the key, that ht staid out late, and never returned home, being taken into custody for an assault, and he had no knowledge of the things being there.)

BLUNDELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

JEMIMA WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.


ANN WILSON—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

