



112. 




GEORGE PHIPPS



, feloniously forging and uttering a warrant for the payment of 42l. 9s. 11d., with intent to defraud the 

Governor and Company of the Bank of England; other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Thomas Rance, the surviving executor of Elizabeth Griffith, deceased.


MR. CLARKSON
and
SIR J. BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






ABEL CLIFTON.
 I am one of the principal clerks in the office of the Three per Cent Reduced, Bank of England—I produce a true copy of the account in the Bank books of the stock of Elizabeth Griffith, deceased—I copied it myself from the books—on 11th Nov., 1828, the amount of stock standing in her name was 4,000l. 0s. 6d.—the next amount, after that had been reduced, is 3,300l. 0s. 6d. on 11th Oct., 1841—381l. 15s. 9d. was transferred on that day, leaving 2918l. 4s. 9d.—Thomas Rance, as the executor of Elizabeth Griffith, was entitled to receive the dividends on that amount after 11th Oct., 1841—I presume there was a dividend due on that stock on 11th Oct. last, but that is not my department—the amount has remained the same to the present time, and whatever dividend was due on it, Thomas Rance, as surviving executor, was entitled to receive.





RICHARD BREADY.
 I produce a certificate of the burial of Elizabeth Griffith—I compared it with the original in the parish of Chelmsford—it is a correct copy—(This, being read, certified that Elizabeth Griffith, of Duke-street, aged 60, was buried on 5th Aug. 1830.—Signed, J. Hutchinson, officiating Minister)—I also produce a certificate of the burial of John Rance, which I have examined with the original at the parish of Great Baddow, in Essex—(This certified the burial of John Rance of Hatfield Peveril, Dec. 21st, 1830. aged 62.)





HENRY ROBERT HOWARD.
 I am a clerk in the Bishop of London's office, Doctors' Commons. I produce, from the Consistorial Court of the Bishop, the original will of Elizabeth Griffith, and also the register-book of the Court for the Diocese of London, containing the entries of wills and the acts of the Court—this is the entry in the register—(reads,) "The will of Elizabeth Griffith was proved at London, 22nd Dec., 1830, before the worshipful the Judge by the oath of Thomas and John Rance, brothers of the deceased, the executors, to whom administration was granted."
(The will of Elizabeth Griffith was here read, dated 19th Nov., 1829.


After dividing her furniture, plate &c., between her niece, Jane Rance, and her daughter Elizabeth Mary Phipps, it conveyed the residue of her personal estate on trust to her brothers, Thomas and John Rance, to be invested in stock, the interest of the same to be paid to her said daughter, E. M. Phipps, during her life; and after her death, the principal to be divided amongst her children.)





JOHN LEWIS.
 I am a clerk in the Consol-office at the Bank of England—I give out warrants for the dividends on the three per cent. reduced. On 21st Oct. I was applied to for a dividend warrant payable on some stock standing in the name of Elizabeth Griffith, deceased—this is the warrant I gave out—(looking at one)—the person who made the application gave a proper description of the stock, and the amount of the dividend—he stated that he was the executor, Thomas Rance, and I gave him the warrant—he signed "Thomas Rance" to the bottom of it, in my presence—I produced to him the dividend receipt-book, which I have here—he signed "Thomas Rance" to that, in my presence.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear that I am the person who applied for the dividend warrant? A. No; I cannot tell whether you are the person or not, so many hundreds and thousands come for dividend warrants.
(The warrant was here read. It was for 42l. 9s. 11d., after deducting the income-tax, due on 10th Oct., 1847, on the before-mentioned stock, signed, "Thomas Rance." The entry in the dividend receipt-book was also signed, "Thomas Rance.")





THOMAS RAIKE.
 I am a clerk in the Dividend Pay-office at the Bank of England. I produce the pay-book, containing an account of the money I paid in cashing dividend warrants on 21st Oct. last—42l. 9s. 11d. was paid by me on that day to the bearer of this warrant, in two 5l. notes, Nos. 36681 and 36682, dated 14th Sept., 1847, and 32l. 9s. 11d. in cash—this (looking at a note, No. 36682) is one of those notes.

Prisoner. Q. Will you swear I was the person who came with the warrant? A. I can not.





THOMAS RANCE.
 I live at Hatfield Peveril, near Chelmsford, in Essex,✗ and am one of the brothers of the late Elizabeth Griffith—I had a brother named John, in her lifetime—my sister lived at Chelmsford, she died on 29th July, 1830, and was buried there—she left a daughter, Elizabeth Mary, surviving her, who was married, at the time her mother died, to George Phipps, the prisoner—my sister was a widow when she died—my brother died on 15th Dec., 1830—at the time of my sister's death the prisoner lived at Enfield, in Middlesex, and carried on business as a saddler and harness-maker there—I and my brother John were the executors of my sister's will—I have no recollection of proving the will—I cannot recognize my sister's writing at the bottom of this will—(looking at it)—I think it is hers—when she died she had 3,300l. 0s. 6d. in the three per cent. reduced—on the 28th Nov., 1831, I as surviving executor, gave the prisoner a letter of attorney to receive the dividends—this is it (produced)—it is my writing—it was to save the trouble and expense of my coming to town—I cancelled that when the prisoner became insolvent, and from that time down to April, in the present year, I received the half-yearly dividends—(referring to the letter of attorney)—the date of the canceling of this is 18th Oct., 1837—I request here that no further act may be done by this power—the prisoner knew that I cancelled it at that time, and I continued from that time always to receive the dividends down to April last—I received this letter on 6th Nov., 1838—(produced)—I believe these signatures are those of the prisoner and his wife, Elizabeth Mary

Phipps—my daughter, Louisa, was in the habit of transacting my correspondence at that time—the prisoner knew that—she used to write for me to him, and receive letters from him—(This was directed to Miss Rance, Swan Inn, Hatfield Peveril, dated 22nd Oct., 1838, signed by Robert Mattheson, the assignee under the prisoner's bankruptcy, also by the prisoner and his wife, directing the interest of his said wife in the stock in question to be paid to Luke Addington, Esq., he having purchased her interest in the same, and declaring his receipt to be a sufficient authority for the said payments)—in consequence of that ntoice I, afterwards, when I received the half-yearly dividends paid them over to Mr. Luke Addington, who banked at Coutts and Co.'s—I paid them to Messrs. Coutts on his account up to last April—I have the receipts—I do not exactly know when Mr. Addington died, but after his death I paid the dividends to Samuel Addington, his executor—in 1841 the prisoner applied to me for the sale of 300l., a portion of the stock which he represented to have paid on account of the deceased's estate—I took the opinion of my attorney, and afterwards of counsel, as to my right to do so—I afterwards sold as much of the 3,200l. 0s. 6d. as would repay the prisoner the sum he had advanced—that left 2,918l. 4s. 9d., the sum now standing in the Bank books, the half-yearly dividend on which, after the payment of the property tax, was 42l. 9s. 11d.—I received that dividend in April last—on 26th Oct. last I applied for another half-yearly dividend then due, and found it had been paid—I did not sign this "Thomas Rance" to this dividend warrant, nor this "Thomas Rance" to the book—I did not authorize the prisoner or anybody else to go and receive that dividend for me—I did not know it had been received before I went on 26th Oct., and found somebody had been there before me—I never had the probate of my sister's will in my possession—my brother John lived with me at Hatfield Peveril—he was buried at Great Baddow, near Chelmsford—he was then in his sixty-third year—I was at his funeral.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear you never gave me authority to receive the dividends? A. Never—I did grant you a power of attorney—I have explained the reason why I withdrew it—I believe I wrote to you in 1837, for you and your wife to meet me in London on a certain day—you met me in London, but not on the day appointed, I think—I do not recollect your having some business to transact with a gentleman at the west-end—you promised me that you would not receive the dividends—I cannot recollect which dividend it was you received contrary to your promise, but I think it was the April one—I went down to Enfield a day or two after, and you told me you had taken the dividend—I do recollect the exact words you used—I do not recollect that you told me the reason you received it was because a gentleman came into the City to meet you, your wife, and me; and as I did not come, you settled the account with him—you did not show me the receipt that I recollect—I was angry because you took it—you had had an order from the assignees not to receive it—I had received an order to pay the dividend to assignee under your insolvency—before that time you received the dividends.





SAMUEL WEYMOUTH HOPWOOD.
 I am a clerk in the office of Messrs. Hopwood and Co., solicitors, of Chancery-lane, who are the solicitors to the executors of Mr. Luke Addington—I produce a deed of assignment, dated 1st Aug. 1838—I am not the attesting witness.

Prisoner. Q. Is that deed signed by myself and Mrs. Phipps? A. I cannot prove that, your names appear there.





WILLIAM MITCHELL.
 In 1838 I was in the office of Mr. Lucena, and

am the attesting witness to this deed—I saw it executed by the prisoner Elizabeth Mary, his wife.

Prisoner. Q. Did you hear it read over to me and Mrs. Phipps! A. I cannot remember that—I cannot remember that you made any observation at the time—I cannot remember Mr. Matheson the assignee, or Mr. Lucena, being there present when it was read.
(This being read was a deed, dated 1st Aug., 1838, by which the interest of Elizabeth Mary Phipps in the stock in question, from 10th Oct., 1837, ✗ assigned absolutely to Luke Addington, in consideration of the sum of 298l.





MICHALE WHALE.
 I am shopman to Mr. Oliver, a boot and shoemaker of 108, Bishopsgate-street without—I have known the prisoner twelve ✗ eighteen months—I learnt from him that he was a saddler and herness maker—I did not know where he liver until this transaction—on 18th Oct. last he came, and purchased a pair of boots at 6s. 3d.—he did not pay for them on that occasion—he came again on the following Thursday, the 21st, and bought two pairs of children's boots at 6s. 0 1/2d. making 12s. 3d.—he said he would pay me, and asked if I could give him change for a 5l. note—I gave him 3l. in gold, and the remainder in silver—he produced a 5l. note—I did not then know his name, and asked him, and he gave me the name of Wilson, of Enfield—this is the note (No. 36682)—the writing, "Wilson, Enfield," on the back of it is my own—I wrote it in the prisoner's presence—I went to Enfield on 29th Oct., in company with the two Forresters, and there saw the prisoner in his shop at work—I recognized him as soon as I saw him, and he did me—I merely paid him the compliments of the morning and he recognized me by the name of Oliver, not knowing that I was not Mr. Oliver—Forrester asked me, in the prisoner's presence, whether that was the gentleman, and I said it was—Forrester said he had called respecting a 5l. note, and asked if he had changed a note lately—he said, "Yes, on last Thursday"—Forrester said, "Do you mean yesterday?"—he said, "No, I mean yesterday week" this being on Friday morning—he said, "Did you change it with the gentleman?" pointing to me—he said, "Yes, I did"—Forrester than asked where he had got the note from—he said he had it of a Mr. Emery—Forrester asked, "Where, at Enfield?"—he said, "No, in the Liverpool-road, Islington—Forrester asked how he came to put the name of Wilson on the back of it—he said Mr. Emery told him to put the name of Wilson on the if he was asked any questions—Forrester said, "You must go along with me to Mr. Emery, and I, the prisoner, and the two Forresters, went to Mr. Emery together.

Prisoner. Q. Will you swear you asked me my name, or the name you should put on the note? A. I asked you what was your name, and when was your address—I swear this is the note you gave me.





DANIEL FORRESTER.
 I am one of the officers attached to the Mansion-house. On Friday, 29th Oct., I went with my brother and Whale to Enfield and saw the prisoner sitting in his shop there—we went in, and I said to the prisoner, "I come to ask you some questions respecting a 5l. note that you passed about a week since," pointing to Whale—he said, "Yes"—I then said, "Where did you get it?"—he said, "I received it from Mr. Emery at Islington on last Thursday week as a loan"—after a little while he said, "Is that not satisfactory?"—I said, "No, not exactly; your name being Phipps, and you put Wilson on the note"—he said that Mr. Emery told him that he had received it of a person named Wilson—we then proceeded to Mr. Emery's with the prisoner—the prisoner pointed it out, in the Liverpool-road I think—we

found Mr. Emery, and I said to him in the prisoner's presence, "Did you lend the prisoner a 5l. note on last Thursday week?"—he said, "No, never a 5l. note, nor 10s. at one time."

Prisoner. I understand you to say that I said I put any name on the note, now I did not put my name to any note? Witness. I think I said so, but I meant that you gave that name.





JAMES EMERY.
 I live in the Richmond-road, Islington—I formerly resided at Enfield twenty-two years, and kept a school there—I know the prisoner—I never lent him a 5l. note—I have lent him 2s. or 3s., or a half-crown, but never so much as 10s. at one time—I never told him I had received a 5l. note from Mr. Wilson of Enfield—I never paid him a 5l. note or 5s.

Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect my calling on you on 18th Oct. at your school-room when you were packing up? A. Yes, and you asked me to lend you 30s.—I did not do it—I told you I was expecting to receive a large sum of money—I did not promise to lend you or your wife the 30s.—I never saw you from then till you came to my house in the Richmond-road in custody.





ANN FOSTER.
 I am the wife of Thomas Foster, a baker, at Enfield—the prisoner has been in the habit of dealing with us for bread—I keep my husband's books, and receive money for him. In Oct. last the prisoner owed us about 14l.—we had made frequent applications to him for payment, but had not been able to obtain it up to 22nd Oct. last—he had only paid 1l. previous to that, and that was to Mr. Foster, not to me—he called on me on 22nd Oct. I think, and said he had come to pay us some money—I am sure it was after 21st—he paid me 3l., he said he did not wish it taken off the bill, as he did not wish his wife to know anything about it—I tore a slip of paper out of the book, and gave him a receipt for the 3l.—he said he had borrowed it—he did not say where—he promised to pay me some more, and I think on the following Tuesday he paid me 50s. more—he did not state where he got that from—he then said, in the presence of myself and husband, that we were not to take it off the bill, as he did not wish his wife to know anything about it.





LOUISA RANCE.
 I am the daughter of Thomas Rance, of Hatfield Peveril—I generally answer his letters—I have had correspondence of that kind with the prisoner, and have received letters from him, sometimes addressed to me, but generally to my father—by that means I have acquired a perfect knowledge of the general character of his writing—the name "Thomas Rance" on this warrant, and in this receipt-book, (looking at them) to the best of my belief, is the prisoner's writing.

Prisoner. Q. Will you swear positively that is my writing? A. I would not swear to any one's, unless I saw it written.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Have you had a great many letters from him on your father's account? A. A great many.





STEPHEN LANCASTER LUCENA.
 I am an attorney at Guildhall-chambers, and at Enfield. In 1838 I prepared this deed that has been put in—I have not had a great deal of correspondence with the prisoner, but I have acquired a knowledge of the character of his writing—I believe the signature to the warrant and in the receipt-book to be his writing.

Prisoner. Q. How long is it since you have seen my writing? A. I think eight years, until the other day—I should not like to swear positively that this is your writing—I believe it to be yours—I do not recollect in 1838 bringing a deed to your house to sign in the presence of Mr. Mattheson and my clerk—I do not remember reading it over to Mrs. Phipps; I may have

done so—I am not prepared to say where it was executed, or whether I was present at its execution—my name is not there as an attesting witness, therefore the presumption is that I was not—I have no recollection of Mrs. Phipps refusing to sign it on finding it was an absolute sale of her life-interest, nor of my taking away the deed and bringing another in ten days, which she signed.

Prisoner. In 1837 I became insolvent, owing to very severe illness of my wife and family, my medical bill being upwards of 200l. Mr. Lucena was employed by the creditors to oppose me in the Insolvent Court, and during the time of my incarceration he went down to Mr. Rance, stating he was a friend of mine, and though he had orders to attend the Court, told him he could transact the business for him without his coming up; after I came out of prison, Mr. Addington pitied my case very much, and lent me 300l. to pay my creditors 10s. in the pound; they all signed the release which Mr. Lucena drew up, except Mrs. Hughes, the creditor for whom he had opposed me, who would be paid in full 100l., which, with 159l., the amount of Mr. Lucena's bill, was paid out of the 300l. advanced by Mr. Addington. Witness. A great part of what the prisoner states is right—it is substantially correct, except as to my going to Mr. Rance—I certainly did go to Mr. Rance, but it was as solicitor to the assignee—I employed Mr. Rance, as the trustee under the will, to pay the money under the estate—I drew up the release by which the prisoner was discharged by his creditors—my bill was 159l., and was paid.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Is that account (producing one) in the prisoner's writing? A. I should say it was, but I have not seen enough of it to go into general matters of account.





LOUISA RANCE

re-examined. This account is in the prisoner's writing—I have seen it in his possession—he showed it to me in Sept. last, when he came down to my father's solicitor—(This was a statement of the account existing between the prisoner and Mr. Addington, containing the payments of the dividends from 5th Sept. 1844, down to 5th April 1847, at which time a balance appeared due to Mr. Addington of 514l. 6s. 3 1/2d.)
(The prisoner, in a very long defence, entered into a detailed account of the circumstances connected with his insolvency, and the assistance rendered him by Mr. Addington, stating that the deed signed by himself and wife was supposed to be merely an assignment of her life-interest to Mr. Addington, and not on absolute sale; and that matters had, up to the present time, remained unsettled between himself and Mr. Addington's executors.)
(Joshua Nunn, leather-cutter, of Enfield, and Samuel Young, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 47—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor.

—


Transported for Ten Years.

