



1981. 



EDWARD SWADLING



, stealing 7lbs., weight of candles, value
3s. 6d.; 9 bottles, 1s.; and 1 1/2 gallon of wine, 1l.; the goods of 



Robert Beachcroft, his master.



MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE TREW
 (City-policeman, 26). I went, in consequence of information, to watch Mr. Beachcroft's premises, in Mincing-lane. On 23rd Aug., at half-past seven or a quarter before eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner go down into the cellar, and load a truck—at half-past eight he came out with a hamper and a basket, went over to the counting-house, and remained a minute or two—he then came out, and went to the corner of Billiter-street, stopped, looked round, and then went to a booking-office—he came out without the hamper—he then went to the French Horn, in Crutched-friars—he met a man, and they had a quartern of gin—he then went in and left the basket with the barmaid—he came out. and I followed him—I asked what he had done with the baskets—he said he had had do baskets—I said, "Yes you had, and you have left them; I am an officer, I shall take you"—he then said there was wine in the hamper—I asked who it was going to—he said, "to the person to whom it was directed"—that was to himself—I then went with the constable, Storey, and got the smaller basket—it contained 7lbs., of candles—I compared them with the candles on the prosecutor's premises, they are the same sort—there were from 50lbs. to 100lbs.—these could not be missed—this is the direction that was on the hamper.





DAVID CRACKLOW
. I am a wine-merchant, in Mincing-lane—the prisoner was in Mr. Robert Beachcroft's service. On 21st Aug. I went down into the cellar in the evening, after the prisoner had left work—I went into a room on the left hand, where there were empty bottles and lumber, but no wine—I found in a bin eight bottles of red wine—I marked them, and left them there—on the Wednesday morning the prisoner was taken—these are the eight bottles that I marked—they were found in the hamper.
(Edward Munn, Charles Catlin, and George Bark, licensed victuallers, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

