




211. 




JOHN RADBONE
 and 




JAMES LLOYD
 were indicted for

 stealing on the 
18th of Nov., at 
St. James, Westminster, 18 spoons, value 5l. 1.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 1l.; 1 guard-chain, 5l.; 3 pairs of trowsers, 2l.; 3 waistcoats, 2l.; 3 scarfs, 2l.; 4 handkerchiefs, 1l. 8s.; and 2 gowns, 5l.; the goods of 



Henry Olive, in his dwelling-house: and that both the prisoners had been before convicted of felony.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY STEPHENS
. I am a wheelwright, and lodge in the kitchen of Mr. Olive's house, No. 40, Pulteney-street. On Tuesday evening, the 18th of Nov., after five o'clock, I went out of the kitchen, out at the back door into the water-closet, which is in the back yard—while I was there somebody pulled at the door—there was a light in the back room, it was past day-light—when I came out of the privy I saw the prisoner Lloyd in the back yard, standing, looking up at the windows—I afterwards went into the kitchen from which I could see over the way, across the road, and saw two men standing on the other side of the street—Radbone was one of them—I saw a girl, named Healey, who lodges in the house—after I had been up stairs a second time, I spoke to her—after speaking to her, I was standing at the street-door, and saw Lloyd come along the passage of the house—he had a large blue bag and a bundle—the bag was full of something—he went out at the door—I made room for him to go out, and he turned to the right—I did not look after him—I saw the prisoners in custody on the next Monday morning—I knew them again—they are the same men.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. This is a coffee-house and lodging-house, is it not? A. Yes—I cannot say how many persons lodge up stairs—there may be four or five, or more—I was in the water-closet, and felt a pull at the door as if somebody wanted to come in—Lloyd stood and looked up at the windows—he was not constantly looking at one window—there are two or three windows—I did not see him come into the coffee-house, and cannot say whether he brought a bundle in with him, but he had no bundle in the yard—I did not see more than two men over the

way—they were standing, looking up at the first floor front window—I did not take notice of anybody passing the house—it was about a quarter after five, rather dusky—I was in the kitchen—I had never seen either of the prisoners before, to my knowledge—I did not take particular notice of the man's dress in the back yard—he had a dark cloth coat—I did not notice the trowsers—I did not go into the coffee-room, and cannot say how many persons were there—the third man was dressed in a kind of dark coat—I did not see all this through the kitchen window—I went up the stairs and opened the door, and took particular notice of the men standing opposite—that was not above ten minutes after I had seen Lloyd in the back yard—the way from the coffee-room is not to come along the passage—that is the way from the back yard.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did you go up to the street-door more than once? A. Twice—I saw both the men standing there on those occasions—I knocked at the prosecutor's door, and informed him.





MARIA HEALEY
. I lodge with my father in the third floor of the prosecutor's house. I was coming home on Tuesday, afternoon, the 18th of Nov., from an errand, I believe about a quarter after five—I saw Stephens, who said something to me, in consequence of which I remained at the street-door—while I was there I saw Radbone and another man, not here, on the opposite side—I stood at the door about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and then saw Lloyd comedown the stairs of the house with a bundle and a blue bag—they seemed heavy—he went down the right-hand side, and across Wardour-street, and then Radbone and the other man joined him—they all three walked away together, and I saw no more of them till the prisoners were in custody—I went with the officers on the Monday following, to the Hampstead-road—the officers went away, and afterwards fetched me—I saw Lloyd, and recognised him—he was taken to the station—they then took me to No. 9, Henry-street, and left me down stairs—they brought Radbone down in custody—I knew him directly—the blue bag Lloyd had was just like the one produced, but larger, I mean taller.

Cross-examined. Q. What did they tell you before you saw Lloyd? A. Sergeant Wells told me, if they were the men they would take them into custody—I lodge in Mr. Olive's house—there may be five or six lodgers altogether, I cannot exactly say—the other two men joined Lloyd as he crossed the bottom of Pulteney-street, in Wardour-street—the coffee-rooms form the shop—I believe Lloyd had on the same dress he has now—I did not observe the colour of his trowsers, because his coat was buttoned up—Radbone had on a dark dress—I cannot say whether it was black—I had never seen either of the men before—the third man was between the size of the prisoners—the first time I saw the two men they stood opposite the street-door.

COURT. Q. Does the street-door open into Wardour-street or Pulteney-street? A. Into Pulteney-street—Wardour-street is two doors down—the two men came over to Lloyd at the corner of Wardour-street.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Were there a great number of people about? A. No—there were people selling things a little way from our door—I had not been in the coffee-shop—there were people there—I cannot say how many.





HENRY OLIVE
. I keep the coffee-shop at No. 4, Pulteney-street, in the parish of St. James, Westminster. On Tuesday, the 18th of Nov., about half-past five o'clock, I was in my parlour—I had some plate and other articles up stairs in my bedroom—the plate was in drawers, and some of the clothes were hanging up, and some in drawers—I had been into the room about an hour before—I locked the door, and brought the key down with me—about half-past five o'clock, in consequence of information I received, I went

up to my bed-room—I found the door unlocked and open—I went in and examined the drawers, and missed from one drawer eighteen silver spoons, a pair of sugar-tongs, a gold guard-chain, and a gold pin; I also misted from the room two coats, three pairs of trowsers, and three waistcoats—the value of all the property lost is at least 30l.—I can undertake to say it was safe in my drawer when I locked the room an hour before.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you examine all the articles an hour before? A. I did not examine them all, but they were all there—I had seen them in the drawer that day, the clothes and the principal part of the things, except the spoons, which were in a box—I had seen the outside of the box, but not the inside—I had seen the spoons on the Sunday evening before—the box in which they were was closed down on the Tuesday evening—I should not have perceived they were gone without opening the lid—the room is at the back of the house, and looks into the yard—it is on the first floor—the house is three stories high—the first floor front room is empty—I had two lodgers in the second floor, and two on the third floor, and one in the kitchen—none of them have left since.





THOMAS WELLS
 (police-sergeant.) In consequence of information Of Monday, the 24th of Nov., I went, in company with other officers, to Henry-street, Hampstead-road—I had the girl Healey in the neighbourhood—I got there about seven o'clock in the morning, and in about an hour and a half I saw Lloyd looking round the corner of Brook-street, New-road, near Henry-street—he might have easily seen me—he then commenced running—I had not my uniform on—I knew him before, and he knew me—when he saw me he ran up the New-road—I pursued him, and he was at last secured—the little girl Healey saw him directly he was secured, and identified him as the man who carried the bag and bundle—I afterwards went into No. 9, Henry-street, where both the prisoners lived—I went into a room on the second floor, and found Radbone there—I took him into custody, and told him it was for being engaged in the robbery in Pulteney-street—his wife was presentn—I took seven skeleton keys from her person, which I saw her take from between the bed and sacking—I found in the same room twenty-one other skeleton keys and fifty other keys—Radbone said he would not care a d—n if I had not found the screws, meaning the keys—they are often called screws—I found this blue bag in the room—I took Lloyd to the station—he said if he only got six months, or a drag (which means three months summarily from the Magistrate), when he came out he would knock a piece off of that whiter livered b—'s head—I do not know who he was speaking of—I afterwards went to Mr. Olive's—he showed me his bed-room—I found one of the seven keys opened his bed-room door.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it not a very ordinary key? A. Not very—it has been filed to fit—the woman I saw with Radbone represented herself as his wife—I do not know how many persons live in the house—there are four or five different families, no doubt—Radbone was in the room when I found the keys.





JAMES JAHNCOCK
 (policeman). I am one of the constables who accompanied Wells to Henry-street, and in the evening I went into Radbone's room, where he and his wife were secured—I there found some files, a knife-saw, a wax taper, some chisels, and a centre-bit—I secured Lloyd when he ran away.





MARIA HEALEY

re-examined. I first saw Lloyd coming down the stairs, not at the top of the stairs—I saw him at the bottom—when I heard the footstep coming down I turned round and looked him in the face—he was coming down the stairs from the first floor—I saw him at the bottom of the stairs—there

are two steps before you go to the water-closet, but those stairs do not communicate with the same passage—you go round to go to the water-closet.

COURT. Q. Are the two steps of the water—closet stone or wood? A. Wooden steps—one would be coming up the passage and the other coming down.





SCOTT WALLER
 (police-constable C 133). I produce a certificate of Radbone's former conviction—(read—Convicted 22nd Oct., 8 Vict., of larceny, and confined six months)—I was present at his trial—he is the person.





CHARLES HART
 (police-constable E 99.) I produce a certificate of Lloyd's conviction—(read—Convicted 20th Aug., 1843, of housebreaking, and confined twelve months)—I know him to be the person—I was present at his trial.

RADBONE—


GUILTY
. Age 41.

LLOYD—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.





Transported Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

