



820. 




EMILY LILLEY
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; I watch-guard, 5s.; and 2 watch-keys, 2s.; the goods of 



Daniel Driscoll.






DANIEL DRISCOLL
. I am a painter, living in Warwick-street, Woolwich. On the second Sunday in June last, about three o'clock in the day, I left my watch on the table in my room, leaving—my wife at home—I returned at twelve o'clock the next morning, and missed the watch—this is it—(preduced)—the prisoner lived in the same house with me.

Prisoner. He says it was safe on Sunday; I left the house on Monday, at eleven o'clock, and it was not missed till I returned at three o'clock.





JULIA DRISCOLL
. I am the wife of the prosecutor. The prisoner lived in our house—my husband went out on Sunday, after dinner, and left his watch on the table—the prisoner came up in the afternoon, with her little boy, and asked me some question about my husband, whether he was gone on board—the little boy took the watch up in his hand—he was about four years old—the watch was on the sideboard—the prisoner took it out of his hand, and put it to his ear, and told me to put it off the sideboard, on to the mantel-piece—next morning, about a quarter to nine o'clock, she came up and asked me the time—I said the watch was on the mantel-piece—she went to the mantel-piece, and took it up—I went to make the bed, and took no notice of the watch till my husband came home to dinner and asked for his watch, and it was gone.





SAMUEL HOLMES
. I am a grocer, and live at Deptford. I know the prisoner—I met her at Deptford in Jan. this year—she said she was going to my house—I asked what she wanted—she proposed to me purchase the duplicate of a watch, which she said she had in pawn, which she had taken for a debt, and hand pawned—I said if she got it out, and showed it to me, I would look at it—on the Saturday after she called at my house—Mr. Holmes told me something—I saw the prisoner, and advanced her a sovereign to take the watch out of pawn—she brought me the watch in the afternoon—it is the one now produced—I received it from her—she said she had taken it for a debt in business.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

