




1840. 




MICHAEL MURPHY
, and 



WILLIAM MYERS



, stealing fifty sovereigns, and 1 piece of leather; the property of 



Thomas Satcher, from his person. 
MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE EDWARD EVANS
. I am landlord of the Waterman's Arms, Dock Head. On 3d Sept., Mr. Satcher and Murphy came into my home together, about a quarter to six o'clock—I should say Satcher was drunk; he called for a pint of beer, and Murphy drank it—Satcher threw down 3s. 4d. or 2s. 5d., and told me to take 2d., which I did—he then threw down 3l. 10s. in gold, loose—he then pulled out a small piece of leather, tied round with string, which he said contained fifty sovereigns—I told him I thought he was very foolish, and said I would give him a receipt or note of hand for the money if he left it with me, and I would take care of it—(Murphy was close by, and had an opportunity of seeing him, and heard what I said)—he said he knew how to take care of it himself, and put it in his pocket—the bag fell down on the bar; I should say there was money in it, by the sound—a man named Cronin was there at the time—Satcher then left—Murphy was sober.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Who else was present? A. Only my wife; I only know what the bag contained, from what he said.





THOMAS SATCHER
. I conduct the business of Mr. Box, of Charing-cross, and have done so twelve years; I reside at 70, Union-street, Lambeth-walk On 3d Sept., I was at business till ten o'clock in the morning, and afterwards left my house with fifty sovereigns rolled up in a piece of wash-leather, and tied round with string; I had other money with me as well—my wife was in Somersetshire—I went with my son-in-law to the Commercial Dock for a load of deal—as far as my knowledge goes, I parted with him about four—I cannot take my oath as to that—I have no recollection of seeing Murphy at the Waterman's Arms, or of being there that day—I had new seen Murphy before that day—I recollect calling a cab at London-bridge—from the time I left my son-in-law, till then, I do not know what happen—I do not recollect being on a dray-cart with Murphy—Myers drove the cab, I got into it; I had never seen him before—when I got into the cas Murphy jumped on to it—I asked him what he wanted, and he said he was a friend of the cabman, and was going a little way—he did not get into the cab, to my knowledge—the first thing I knew about his being in the cab was when my trowsers were torn down at the left-hand side—I am quite positive I recollect that—we were then both in the cab—I saw Murphy's hand passed from my pocket, and asked him for my money he had takes away—I felt in my pocket, and it was gone—he rushed out of the cob—I do not recollect what passed before he jumped out; it appears that I ran after him, and returned into the cab, but I have no knowledge of it—I do not know how I got back—I asked him to return me my money without any bother or fuss, and told him I should call a policeman—he pretended not to know what I meant, and I called "Police!"—he turned round, took me by the collar, twisted me, held me with the left hand in the corner of the cob, and put the money through a door in the roof of the cab, which was a "Hanson," with his right hand, and I saw the cabman receive it throng the roof—we both got out of the cab together while it was going on, and

when I called "Police!" the cabman drove away as fast as he could—Murphy got away—I found him again in Joiner-street, and gave him into custody to Farrant—we went to the station, and I there made the charge—I do not remember anything happening while at the station.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you often carry 50l. about in this manner? A. I never did it before—a very little drink gets over me—I was sober when I gave my evidence the next day—I had taken nothing then that day—I cannot say what time I got into the cab—when I was examined I said a quarter-past four o'clock, and I have named half-past seven—I swore to the best of my knowledge—I have not represented how many hours I was in the cab—I have never mentioned the time I got into the cab, except before the Magistrate—this is my signature to these depositions—(read)—"I live at 70, Union-street, Lambeth-walk; I am a tailor. Yesterday afternoon, half-past four o'clock, I wes at London-bridge. I called a cab, which Myers drove, and directed him to drive me home; I had been drinking. The other prisoner got into the cab without my sanction. He said he was going with the cabman. The cab was driven about for four hours and a half. I suppose I was asleep; I fell into a sort of stupor. I was awoke by feeling something at my pocket, and found the left-hand trowsers pocket torn down, and I saw Murphy had a piece of wash-leather in his hand, in which I bad fifty sovereigns tied up when I got into the cab. Murphy gave it to the other prisoner, who was driving. It was a "Hanson" cab, and Murphy passed it up through the door in the roof. I told Myers to return it to me, and I said 1 would call the police. He pretended not to know what I meant. I called out for the police, and Murphy immediately laid hold of me to prevent my calling out, and then jumped out of the cab. Myers immediately drove the cab on, whipping his horse, but I jumped out and followed Murphy, who went up Joiner-street, and stood against a wall, looking round, and said he did not know me, and asked me what I wanted. I gave him in charge. The cab was driven off, as fast as it could be, but a person followed it, and Myers was brought back. The money was tied up in a piece of wash-leather, and I am sure it was in my left-hand trowsers pocket when I got into the cab. I must have fallen into the stupor the moment I got into the cab. The last house I had been in, was halfway between Deptford and London Bridge, and I had walked from there to where I took the cab. I was quite sensible when I got into the cab. I recollect calling the cab, and, to the best of my knowledge, about five o'clock. It was not dark. I have no recollection of going to a public-house, or getting out of the cab. The first thing I recollect is when I got out after Murphy. I do not remember going down a court, and the cabman coming after me. I do not remember being knocked down by Murphy after the constable took him. As far as I can recollect, Murphy was standing on the road near the cab, and got in as a friend of the cabman's. I had not been with him before. I had not seen him till I called the cab." (A subsequent deposition of the witness teas also read, as follows: " I have since found that it must have been about half-past seven instead of half-past four that I got into the cab. Neither of the prisoners were known to me before this. I had been drinking brandy-and-water with my son-in-law; we had five or six glasses. I was not sober. I told Myers where to drive. I had been saving up my money, and my wife being out of town, I did not like to leave it at home. I had not pulled it out of my pocket. I have no knowledge of taking the prisoners into a public-house. I found a hole through the rim of my hat, and a bruise on my chest")—(A further deposition was also read: " I remember feeling my money in

my pocket when I got into the cab. I went out at ten o'clock that morning with my son-in-law, and went to the Commercial Docks. We had a pint of beer going, and went to the same house returning, the Gregorian Arms and we had five or six glasses there. It was about two o'clock when I went there. I don't remember going anywhere after that, nor what time it was when I left there, nor seeing Murphy till I called the cab. I could walk well enough when I left the Gregorian Arms. I have no recollection of anything that happened after I got into the cabt till I found my trowsers being meddled with, and that roused me. I had the brace buttoned upon the button of my left-hand trowsers pocket, which made it difficult to unbutton that pocket; it was necessary to undo the brace first.")—I cannot tell which is true, whether I got into the cab at five or at half-past seven—I cannot say how long I was in the cab—I did not state before the Magistrate that I was four hours and a half in the cab—I was sworn, and what I said was taken down—it was read over to me before I signed it—I was asked whether it was true or false, or whether I had anything to add or correct, and after I had kissed the book I signed it—I cannot say how long I was in the cab—I have no knowledge of pulling the bag and 3l. 10s. out of my pocket—I did not know I pulled it out at Mr. Evans's, and put it on the counter—the first I recollect of being in Murphy's company was in the cab—I was present when the witnesses were examined, and heard I was in his company from two to four o'clock—I have sworn, to the best of my knowledge—I do not recollect that Murphy knocked me down—I do not know that the cabman himself drove to the station-house—I was not there—I have heard that he drove a party there—I have no recollection when Murphy and me got out of the cabt or of Myers coming after us, and charging us as being two persons who wanted to evade paying.

MR. PARRY. Q. Did you, when you were examined, believe what you stated was true? A. Yes—I heard afterwards that I was in such a state of drunkenness that I did not know.





JEREMIAH CRONIN
. On 3d Sept. I saw Satcher and Murphy in the bar, at the Waterman's Arms, about six o'clock, or a little after—I cannot say whether they came together or not—a pint of beer was ordered, and Murphy drank it—he was quite sober, and Satcher was a little the worse for liquor—Satcher paid for the beer—I then saw a wash-leather bag thrown down on the counter, and Satcher said there were fifty sovereigns in it—Murphy was standing close by at the time, and could see the bag, and hear what Satcher said—the landlord said he bad better leave his money there, and he would give his handwriting for it—that was on account of the state he was in—Satcher did not accept the offer—the landlord passed him over the money—Satcher put it into his pocket, went out, and Murphy followed him—Satcher staggered and rolled along, drunk, and Murphy with him—Satcher then fell down, and Murphy was still close to him—I saw no purse fall from his pocket then—a dray then came up—the prosecutor ran after it, and got up on it—Murphy was still with him, and got up on the dray—I said to the drayman, "Take my advice, and let not Murphy ride; the man has property about him; I do not think there is any good in that man, I do not think be knows the man"—the drayman ordered Murphy down—he got down, came up to me, and said, "I will pay you; I know him, and I shall see him home, and he followed the dray as well as me—I walked alongside of the dray till I met Scott, the policeman, and the dray stopped at the corner of Bermondsey-square—Murphy was still there, and could hear what I said—I said to Scott, "Here is a man has got property about him; you had better take him in charge; he is drunk, and does not know what he is about; this man says be

knows him, and I will call him before you to see"—I called him, and he acknowledged, before Scott, that he did not know him—he had before said that he did—Scott said he did not see why he should take him, there was nothing to take him for—I again told him he had property about him, and said, "If that man loses his property, you are the man that ought to be looked to for it"—after that Murphy told me he would wait upon me—I and the drayman then came away together, leaving Satcher, Murphy, and Scott together—this was not above half a mile from the Waterman's Arms.

Cross-examined. Q. Were they together about an hour? A. I cannot say—Satcher was rolling along drunk, and did not know what he was about.





HENRY ESHER
. I am a coal-merchant, at 31, St. Alban's-street, Lambeth. On 3d Sept., between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was standing at my door, and saw Satcher running round the street, saying, "Stop him!" or something of that kind—there is a court with one entrance in our street, and one in China-walk—I went to the entrance in our street, saw Satcher, and asked him what was the matter—he said, "A still tongue makes a wise head"—I turned away, and heard some one say, "What the b—y hell do you want with me?"—I turned round, and saw Satcher with his hand on a man's shoulder, who I believe was Murphy—they followed me out of the court, and went towards a public-house—there was a cabman also, who asked me where they were gone—I should not know him again—I saw Satcher and the man get into the cab—the cabman asked where he was to go—they said, to London-bridge, and they went in that direction.

Cross-examined. Q. They got out of the cab? A. I only saw them get in—it was nearer nine o'clock than eight, I dare say.





GEORGS HARPER
. I am a waterman, No. 101, and live in Wellington-street, London-bridge. On 3d Sept. I saw Satcher come off the pavement and get into Myers' cab—the moment he got in, Murphy jumped on the footboard of the cab, and began asking for a trifle for bringing him p to show him a cab—Satcher said he bad no change, and asked Myers—he said he had none, and asked me—I naturally said, "No"—(I had change, but did not wish to give any)—Murphy pressed Satcher, and he said they would go and have some drink—they went up to the Bridge Hotel—I was called away, and afterwards saw Satcher and Murphy drive by me in the cab.


COURT. Q.
YOU saw them get in? A. Not the second time—it was not the first cab on the stand, but it was the first "Hanson"—they did not come to the stand and halloo out for any particular cab—Mr. Satchell went to the stand and jumped into the cab himself.





BENJAMIN WHITE
. I live at China-place, Lambeth. On 3d Sep. I was in Lambeth-walk, heard a cry of "Police!" and saw a man run down a court close to the "Cock and Bottle"—Mr. Esher went round another way, and. I stopped the man—Mr. Satcher came up, laid hold of the man I had stopped, and they went away together—I do not know the man—Mr. Esher was by at the time.





HENRY BORBETT
. I live at 2, Brook's-place, Lambeth. On Monday, 3d Sept., I was near the Cock and Bottle, and saw a man run down the court—I went to the other end of the court, met the man, and found it was Murphy—I had seen him before, and have no doubt he is the man—Satcher came up, and they went away together—I saw the cabman come down the court—he demanded his fare, and they all went back together to the Cock and Bottle—I heard the cabman say, "Who is to pay the fare?"—Murphy said, "Do not let us have anv bother in the street, let us go to some public-house and settle it."


Cross-examined. Q. You did not take particular notice? A. No—I thought it was a cab quarrel.





GEORGE NOLDEN
. I am a butcher, at 32, Joiner-street. On 3d Sept., about a quarter-past nine o'clock at night, I heard a cry of "Police!" and saw Murphy come running down the street—he stopped facing my house, and stood against the wall—Satcher followed, and laid hold of him by the collar—I asked what was the matter, and Satcher said he had stolen fifty sovereigns—the Cock and Bottle is about a quarter of a mile from Joiner-street—I also saw Myers' cab, and there was an altercation—Myers said he was a stranger, and would go to the station if any one would show him the way; and I said I would—we went—he went in, saying he would be out in a few minutes, and I minded the cab outside—two policemen then came and searched the cab—from the time he went in till then, no one had been near it.

Cross-examined. Q. Nothing was found? A. No—I did not see Mur. phy knock the prosecutor down—Myers said he should like to go to the station and get his fare—Satcher made no charge against him.





WILLIAM FARRANT
 (policeman, M 167). About nine o'clock on this night I heard a cry of "Police!" in Joiner-street, went up, and found Murphy and Mr. Satcher, who said, "I give this man into your charge for robbing me of fifty sovereigns, tied up in a piece of wash-leather; I saw this man take it from my pocket, and hand it up through the trap of the cab to the driver"—Myers was not there then—Murphy said, "I do not know anything about it"—I searched him at the station, and found 5s. 6d. on him—as we were going to the station Murphy struck Satcher on the head, and fetched him to the ground—Myers came to the station about half-past nine, and asked Satcher for his fare.





DAVID EASTFIELD
. I live at 2, Union-street, Lambeth. On 3d Sept. I was near Bethlehem Hospital, and heard a cry of "Police!" come from a cabt about eight or ten yards from me—the cry appeared as if the man's voice was being stopped—the cab did not stop—it was going, I should say, at about eight miles an hour—the cabman must have heard the cry—I and another gentleman ran after it, calling out, "Why don't you stop your cab, there is something wrong in it? why do not you stop it?"—he whipped the horse on, and went quicker—I am quite satisfied of that—the gentleman with me called out as well—I cannot say whether the cabman heard me—I followed the cab to the corner of Joiner-street, where it stopped—Murphy there got out, ran down Joiner-street, and Mr. Satcher followed him—I went up to Murphy in Joiner-street, and heard the prosecutor charge him—he said he knew nothing about it—there was a crowd round the cab, and some one said to Myers, "Why did not you stop the cab?"—he said, "It was no use my stopping the cab, I could not see a policeman, and I thought I had better go on to the Obelisk, and I thought I might see one nearer"—the Obelisk is about eighty yards from Joiner-street—the cabman said he would go after Murphy and the prosecutor—some one said, "You shan't go, unless some one goes with you"—a witness said, "I will go with you," and they went.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever before this say he whipped his horse?" A. Yes.





ALEXANDER SCOTT
 (policeman, M 245). I remember Cronin coming up to me, and warning me that a man on the dray-cart had property and was unable to take care of himself—I saw Murphy there—I refused to interfere—I considered he was not sufficiently drunk—I asked him if he had got any property, and he said, "No, only a watch"—he tried to get into a public-house, and the landlord would not let them.


JURY
to
GEORGE HARPER. Q. How long after Satcher got into the cab did Murphy get in? A. As soon as he could, he jumped on the board—no conversation took place between him and Myers to my knowledge. Murphy's statement before the Magistrate was here read, as follows):—"I was coming over London Bridge and met the prosecutor, who was very drunk and fell down; I picked him up, and he asked me if I would have anything to drink; I said, "Yes, "and we went into a public-house and had some gin and spruce; we came out, and he asked me where I lived and where I was going—I told him to the New Cut; we came to the cab—rank and hired this cab; he asked the cabman if he would have anything to drink, and he said, "Yes; "and the cabman and I had some gin and spruce; the prosecutor asked me if I would take a ride with him, and I said, "Yes; "I got into the cab and told him 1 was only going to the New Cut; he said he was going to Lambeth-walk; when we came to the Catholic church, I wanted to get out; I did not want to go to Lambeth-walk; when I got out, he got out after me and said I had robbed him of fifty sovereigns; I told him I knew nothing about it; he told me to come into the cab again, and I did so; we went a little way up the road, and he began to halloo," Police!" I got out of the cab and he got out soon after me, and asked me to give him his money; I said I knew nothing about it, and no more I did."

MR. CHARNOCK
called






GEORGE VARNER
. I have been a cab proprietor eighteen or nineteen years. I have lived at 84, Suffolk-street, six years—Myers was in my service six months, and I have known him five or six years—he has always borne a good character; he is a sober honest man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Do you not know that he has been before charged with an offence? A. No; I never heard of it before last Wednesday; I did not make any inquiry about it—I heard it spoken of publicly by the policeman on Wednesday, that he was charged in 1848 with robbing a sailor in his cab of 7l.—I did not feel it my duty to make any inquiry about it; I considered it was not the case.





HUGH HILL
. I live at the Tunnel Bridge, Old Kent-road. I am a coach broker—I have known Myers fifteen or sixteen years, and up to the present time I have never lost sight of him three months—I know him to be an honest man, and I never heard anything against him.

Cross-examined. Q. You never heard what I mentioned just now? A. I heard it then, not before—I have lived in the Old Kent-road seven years.

MR. PARRT
called
GEORGE QUINNEAR (policeman, P 1). I have known Myers four or five years. In April, 1848, he was charged with an offence at Lambeth Police Court, when I was present. MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Did he go away out of Court? A. Yes. MR. PARRY. Q. Was the prosecutor of the charge a sailor? A. Yes—he appeared against him, but he had a ship and was obliged to go to sea—he gave that in evidence—Myers waa then a caiman.

JURY
to
THOMAS SATCHBR. Q. Can you positively swear you saw Myers take the money from Murphy? A. I can—I saw the leather hanging down, and saw the hand passed through the cab and the money taken out of Murphy's right hand.

MURPHY—


GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—Confined Eighteen Months.
MYERS—


GUILTY
.* Aged 33.—



Transported for Seven Years.

