




2924. 




REUBEN BARNETT
 was indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Wynn Ellis and others, about the hour of four in the night on the 
25th of Sept., at 

St. Gregory by St. Paul's, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 bag, value 10s.; and 175 handkerchiefs, 25l., their goods: and 




JULIA BARNETT



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH DAVISON
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Wynn Ellis, Everington and Howell, silk-mercers, in Ludgate-hill, and St. Paul's Churchyard. I do not sleep on the premises, but many persons do—on Monday, the 25th of Sept., there were a quantity of Bandana silk handkerchiefs in the ware-house, and in another part of the premises some carpet-bags—there is a little court, which leads out of Carter-lane to the back of the premies—there are some iron rails and spikes at the corner, and adjoining these a water-spout which leads to the top of the house—if a person got by means of the spout to the top of the house, he could get to a window on the leads—I do not know whether that window was fastened inside or outside—when I came to the house on Tuesday morning, the 26th of Sept., I missed twenty-five pieces of Bandana handkerchiefs from the warehouse—I know the patterns of them—I examined the premises at ten minutes to nine—I found some desks had been broken open in the counting-house, and violence had been attempted at the door of the strong room, with instrumens—I have since seen ten pieces of Bandana handkerchiefs, which I believe to have been taken from the house—they do not bear any marks of our house—I can speak to the patterns of the whole of the handkerchiefs—I had handled them the night before the robbery—(examining them)—they were of this quality—I believe them to be the goods which were taken—I am a buyer of goods of this sort.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. What is your department? A. A buyer of Bandana and fancy handkerchiefs—I sometimes sell when the others

are engaged—there are eighty or ninety young men in the selling department—if I had never heard of the robbery, and had seen these ten pieces of Bandanas, I should have known them—I could not have sworn to them until I had ascertained whether I had these in the stock—there is a mark on them—"Richard Waiford" is on one side, and a cross on the other—ours is not the only house for which Richard Walford prints—sometimes 100 pieces are sold upon our premises in a month, sometimes 500, and sometimes 20 pieces—ours is a wholesale house only—there are some cheveaux-de-frize that a person would have to get up to our premises—I was shown the window by which the party entered—I do not know on what floor it is—it is not in my department, it is in the premises behind—I think it is on the third floor—the cheauxde-frize is about nine feet high—they would have to ascend that, and walk along the leads—I do not know how they could ascend to the window—it is an upright wall—there had been great violence on the door of the strong room, from the lock being pressed against—about fifty persons sleep on these premises, about thirty yards from the window which was entered—there is no door between this window and where they were sleeping.





JOSEPH GIBSON
. I am in the employ of Ellis and Everington. It is my duty to see the premises secured over night—the usual time for closing the warehouse is half-past seven o'clock, but when we get done, for me to go round, is quite uncertain, it may be two or three in the morning—I cannot say whether the window in the roof at the back of the premises was fastened or not—I went all through, and saw the window closed—on going into the warehouse the following morning, about twenty minutes to eight o'clock, I saw the goods disarranged, and eight desks broken open—the other parts of the outer part of the premises were secured, as I had left them—there never was any property in the desks, to my knowledge—I always understood it was kept in the strong room—I did not miss any Bandanas from where they had been kept—the property had been disarranged—Richards had been to the window before me—I saw the window at half-past eight o'clock—it was open then—I found the lock of the strong room had been broken, and they had attempted to bore with an instrument—I found a key that had been kept in one of the desks in the counting-house—it had been taken from there, and laid on the floor, by the door of the strong room, with some lucifer matches, which were not there the night before—there were also some lucifer matches up stairs, near to the handkerchief room—the premises are bounded, on Dean's-court side, by the garden of the Bishop of Llandaff—there was a piece of rope found on the leads, close adjoining the Bishop's garden—it was not there the night before—there were marks on the water-pipe—the dust which had accumulated had been rubbed off, as if a person had slid down the pipe—I went down the pipe myself the next night—I had observed the dust was rubbed off before I slid down.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you get up the pipe? A. No—I observed the dust-marks about eleven o'clock in the morning of the 26th—there were three of us outside, to see if we could trace any marks, and Allen, one of the shopmen, pointed it out to me—he is not here.





AMOS MERRITT
 (City police-constable, No. 106.) A few minutes before eight o'clock on Friday, the 29th of Sept., I went to Mr. Sowerby's, a pawnbroker, in Chiswell-street, in consequence of information, and saw Reuben Barnett there—the pawnbroker had this piece of handkerchief in his hand—he stated, in Reuben's hearing, that he had come to pawn the piece of handkerchief, and he had suspicion he did not come by it honestly—he delivered the goods to me—I took Reuben in charge—he said the goods were his, and he could show fifty more pieces of the same description at home—at the station

he gave his address, No. 14, Harrow-alley, Houndsditch—it was his true address—I went there with him—I did not find any other pieces there—I brought him out of the pawnbroker's, the witness Ryan came up and spoke to him—he told her to go home, and tell her mistress not to be frightened—I went again to the prisoner's house on Saturday, between twelve and one o'clock, and apprehended Ryan.





STEPHEN LUKER
. I drive a cab, and live in Store-street, Edgeware-road—about two o'clock on Tuesday morning, the 26th of Sept., I put on to the stand at the corner of St. Paul's churchyard—I was asleep on my box—between four and five o'clock I was awoke by Reuben Barnett, who shook me by the leg, and said "Hoy"—I jumped down to let him into the cab—he said, "No, I will get up on the box with you"—he got up—I went down Ludgate-hill—I could not get the other way—when I got a few steps, I said, "Where to?"—he said, "Down here," which was down Creed-lane—he turned me to the left, which would lead me into Carter-lane—he stopped me just a I got within six or seven yards of Dean's-court—he got off my box before I got to the corner, and told me to stop—there is a gateway there—he went round the corner into Dean's-court—he returned in half a minute with a carpet bag—he opened the door, and put it in the cab, and got on the box with me again—he ordered me to drive to the Angel with it—I said, "The Angel, Islington"—he said, "Yes"—I went straight along Carter-lane, round Paul's-chain, up Aldersgate-street—when I got to Goswell-street-road, instead of letting me go straight up, he crossed me into St. John's-street-road—I came out in a line with Exmouth-street—he crossed me over to the left of St. John's-street—I do not know the name of the street—he did not stop at any house—it was then about five o'clock—he stopped me, got off, and gave me a half-crown—he did not ask my fare—he opened the door, took out his bag, and went away up the street, at the corner of which I set him down—I have not a doubt that he is the man—on the following Monday I was taken to see him at the Giltspur-street Compter, in a yard, where the prisoner was among many more—I knew him at once, and picked him out from among the rest—he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. What part do you come from? A. From Oventon, in Hampshire—I began cab-driving last Christmas—I left off for a few weeks, and took to it again—I left my place because I did not take money enough to satisfy my master—that was all he accused me of—I was out of employ about five weeks—I left Hampshire because I got a situation to drive a builder's cart in London—I was carter at different farms in Hampshire—I lived at one farm five years—I have been in London four years next Christmas—I had never seen Reuben Barnett before that morning—I went to Giltspur-street with a policeman—he did not go into the yard with me—no one did that I saw—I did not look round till I came out—I did not see any one go in with me—when I turned round, I will not swear there was not one; but I did not see one—there were about five or six persons in the gaol-yard—there might be more—the policeman did not say anything to me about a Jew—I do not remember it—he asked if I thought it was an Englishman—I said I did not think it was, because he talked broken English the morning he was with me—if he said he looked like a Jew, I have forgotten it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you put the prisoner down, had you some conversation? A. I looked at him when I answered him any questions—I observed his features and countenance—I have never been charged by any one else with any offence or misdemeanor.





JAMES RICHARDSON
. I am one of the porters of Ellis and Everington—I saw this window and the leads at the back safe on Monday night, the 25th of

Sept., it was shut down—about a quarter to eight o'clock the next morning I found the window a little ajar—by opening that on the outside, a person could get in—I saw a rubbing down the water-pipe.





GEORGE WARDLE
 (City police-constable, No. 325.) I gave information to the pawnbrokers to stop property of this description. On Saturday, the 29th, I found seven handkerchiefs at Mr. Russell's—I took the female prisoner into custody on that Saturday, outside the office in Guildhall-yard—I told her I took her for pledging some property stolen from Mr. Ellis—she said she had not pledged any—on the following Tuesday I went to Reuben's house, and found this carpet bag behind the door in the parlour—Reuben was then in custody.





CHARLES DRAPER
. I am in the prosecutor's employ. This carpet bag was part of their stock—it has our mark on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Do they sell carpet-bags? A. They do—tis mark implies 7s. 6d.—we sell some thousands in a year.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you the charge of the place where the carpet-bags were? A. Yes; it would be impossible to miss one out of their stock.





HENRY BILLSON
. I am assistant to George Barker, a pawnbroker, in Houndsditch—I produce 2 pieces of Bandana silk handkerchiefs—this piece was pledged by Julia Barnett, on the 28th Sept., in the name of Ann Levy, Cutler-street—the other piece was pledged the next day by Ryan, for her master, Mr. Barnett, Cutler-street—I did not take it in myself, but I was in the shop, and had it in my hand.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known Julia before? A. Yes, I had served her more than once before—Harrow-alley is about ten minutes' walk from our shop—I did not know she was Mrs. Barnett—I believe she gave the name of Levy.





GEORGE ARNOLD
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in High-street, Shoreditch—I produce a piece of silk handkerchief, pledged at twenty minutes past one, on Friday the 29th of Sept., by Julia Barnett, in the name of Ann Jones, 20, Union-street—she said they cost her 28s.—I asked if they were her own—she said, "Yes"—I asked for a wrapper for them—she said there was no occasion, she should redeem them at night.





JAMES HENRY WILLIAMSON
. I am assistant to Mr. Fry, a pawnbroker in Whitechapel-road—I produce a piece of Bandana silk handkerchiefs, pledged by Ryan on 28th September.





WILLIAM WAGG
. I am in the service of Mr. Dexter, a pawnbroker, and live in Union-street, Spitalfields—I produce a piece of silk handkerchief, pawned on 29th Sept, at eight in the evening, for 15s., by Reuben Barnett in the name of John Levy, Shepherd-street.





JOSEPH GREGORY
. I am assistant to Mr. Dexter, a pawnbroker in Whitechapel-road—I produce a piece of Bandana handkerchief, pawned by Ryan on 28th of Sept, for 15s., in the name of Reuben Barnett.





BENJAMIN SCHROEDER.
 I was in the employ of Mr. Sowerby on 29th of Sept.—I had this piece of handkerchief offered to me by Reuben Barnett—I asked him some questions—I was dissatisfied with his answers, and went down to the station-house to get a description of the handkerchiefs that were lost—I stopped Reuben Barnett—he asked me 25s., which was more than they were worth—I asked what he was—he said he dealt in these kind of things—I said, "You must know you are asking me more than the manufacturing price"—he then asked what I would lend—I agreed to lend him 15s.—he agreed to take it—I desired him to come round to the counting-house, while I went to inquire the value of them—I then went to the station, and went back to our house—it was a busy time, and there were a great many people assembled

at the time, and Reuben was trying to push through them—he came out of the counting-house to the shop, then went back to the counting-house, and turned the key of the counting-house door—I had left it locked—the key was inside the door—I detained him.

Cross-examined. Q. When you came back, where did you find him? A. In Chiswell-street—when I left him in the counting-house, he promised to stop there—the counting-house adjoins the shop—the door to the shop was not locked.





JOHN ORBELL
. I am in the employ of Mr. Attenborough, a pawnbroker, in Crown-street, Finsbury. I produce 3 pieces of Bandana silk handkerchiefs—2 pieces were pledged on 28th of Sept., one piece by Reuben, in the name of Henry Levy, 2, Sweet Apple-court, Bishopsgate; one piece by Julis, in the name of Ann Josephs, 12, Union-street; and one piece pledged by Ryan, on 29th Sept., for Mrs. Levy, Cutler-street.





LEONARD WILSON
. I am assistant to Mr. Russell, a pawnbroker in Fore-street. On Thursday, 26th Sept., I received a piece of silk handkerchiefs from Julia Barnett, in'the name of Ann Josephs, 12, Union-street, Spitalfields.





GEORGE WARDELL

re-examined. I produce some centre-bits—I found them in Mr. Ellis's shop on the afternoon of the day after the robbery—they had been picked up by one of the shopmen under the counter.





ELIZABETH RYAN
. In Sept. last I was in the service of Reuben Barnett. About eight on Tuesday morning, the 26th of Sept., two young men came to my master's house, and stopped till my master came home at one—he had gone out at seven—he sleeps up stairs in the second pair back room—I sleep in the shop going over the front way—my master can leave the house, if he pleases, without my knowing it—he would not pass through the shop—my master knocked me up at seven o'clock that morning—the two men had some cakes and some gin at my master's—they staid till about four in the afternoon, when my master and they went away together—my master returned alone about six—one of the young men returned about eight that evening with a carpet bag like this, which appeared to be full and heavy—he staid about an hour, and left the bag and its contents behind him—my master and mistress went out with him—in about half an hour my master returned—he went in to count the handkerchiefs—I said, "The young man has left his bag behind"—my master said, "The bag belongs to me"—the handkerchiefs had been taken out in the parlour before the man went away, and piled on two chairs—Julia helped them to count them—there were twenty-nine pieces, and two single ones of different patterns—they made me carry them up stairs into the top room—on Thursday, the 28th of Sept., my master gave my mistress, the prisoner Julia, a piece of the handkerchiefs, and told her to pawn them at Mr. Barker's, in Houndsditch—that same day he sent me with a piece to Whitechapel—he told me to give different names—I told him I would not—I gave my own name, and I think I gave his name—on that day he asked my mistress to pawn some more—she said she had her own business to attend to—she deals in second-hand clothes—on Friday I pawned one piece at Mr. Barker's, in Houndsditch, by direction of my master—I asked my master if the goods were got honestly—he called me a fool, and was very angry—on the Friday evening my master and I went out together—he sent me into one pawnbroker's; I do not know the name of the street—the gentleman would not take the article from me—I said my master sent me—my master wanted me to go and take another piece—I said I would never go any more—that was the pawn-shop at which my master was taken—I was outside, and spoke to my master—I went back to my mistress, by his direction—I told her my master was taken to the station—she instantly tied up eight pieces of handkerchiefs

in a bundle, went with me, and told me where to leave them, in a coffee-shop in Harrow-alley, and deliver them to a man named Levy—my mistress waited outside till I came back—I did not go far in—I could not find Mr. Levy—I left the handkerchiefs on a form, in charge of the landlord, for Mr. Levy—before I took them, Levy had been in, talking to my mistress—I cannot say what passed—Levy deals in shoes and slippers from the country—on the Friday night my mistress gave me fifteen duplicates to burn—I asked why she could not burn them herself—she said, "You know I can't touch the fire on Friday night"—I burnt them—I said, "If I get into any trouble I shall speak the truth"—she told me, if I spoke anything against her or her husband, I should be killed by the Jews going through Houndsditch—I did not look at the duplicates before I burnt them—my master took the duplicates of the goods I pledged—on the Friday before my master was taken I saw him go out at seven in the morning, the back way, with five pieces—that is the way he could have gone out in the night, and I not know it—on the Saturday morning, when my master was examined, before I and my mistress were taken up, we were standing together in Guildhall-yard; my mistress told me not to say anything against her, and I should be sure to get away; and if I did get away, she would not mind making me a present of 5l., if I said nothing against her—she said I should get killed if I was to say anything—she told me that several times—before I went to Guildhall-yard, when I was at the Compter, she told me that Mr. Levy had returned the eight pieces of handkerchiefs that I took for him, and said he would have nothing to do with them—I asked who had them now—she said a person named Ferguson—I asked where he lived—she said in Bell-lane, Whitechapel—I know him very well—he had been in the habit of visiting at our house—on the Monday morning my master told me to clean two pair of boots—I said, "Where do you go to in the night, that your boots are all over mud?"—he said, "Only to the coffee-shop"—I found his boots were muddy—I was taken before the Magistrate, and afterwards admitted as a witness.

Cross-examined. Q. What you stated was on oath? A. Yes—I had been in the prisoner's service about four months—before that I lived with my aunt, in Britannia-street, City-road—I was there two or three months, as her servant—her husband is in the East India warehouse—there is a parlour between the front and the back door of the prisoner's house—the back door has a bell on the top—I went to bed on Monday night about ten o'clock—all the family went, as I thought—my master called me at seven o'clock on Tuesday morning—he does not occupy the whole house—three females live in it—Mrs. Isaacs is the landlady, and sleeps in the kitchen down stairs, which is close to the back door—I have come from the Compter—I have not had any visits from the policemen, only when they came to fetch me—I told the Magistrate the story I have told to-day—I told the policeman at Guildhall that my mistress told me I should be killed by the Jews, and about her taking some things to Mr. Levy, and that she would make me a present of 5l.—I told my uncle the day I was brought up as witness, and he told me to speak the truth—I told the policeman the same—I cannot say whether it is a week since—when my master wanted my mistress to pawn these things, she was unwilling to go, and he scolded her for not going—Mr. Levy is a tall dark man—one of the men who brought the carpet-bag was a short, stout man, and fresh-coloured—the other was rather taller, and not fresh-coloured.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you seen them before? A. No—there are bells inside the back door—they can be pushed up, and then any one can go out without their ringing—there would be no difficulty in any person clasping his hand round the bell, pushing it up, and going out without noise.






JOSEPH DAVISON

re-examined. There was property of this quality and description lost from my master's warehouse during the night between Monday and Tuesday—I believe this to be part of the property.
(Mrs. Isaacs; Philip Philips, watch-manufacturer, Steward-street, Union-street; Phoebe Devonport, Sun-street, John-square; Leah Edwards, clothier, Harrow-alley, Houndsditch; Elizabeth Cohen, Upper Whitecross-street; George Dawson, Three Compasses, Harrow-alley, gave the prisoners a good character.)

REUBEN BARNETT—



GUILTY
of Larceny only.
 Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.


JULIA BARNETT—


NOT GUILTY
.

First Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.

