



2516. 




ANN PHILLIPS
 was indicted

 for stealing 50 brass chains, value 2l. 16s.; 100 pieces of leather, 3s. 6d.; and 1 hank of twine, 1d.; the goods of 



William Oliver Staples; 1 basket, value 6d.; 6lbs. weight of mutton, value 3s. 7d.; and 2ozs. weight of tea, 7d.; and 1lb. weight of sugar, 7d.; the goods of 



Adam Crooks; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN STAPLES
. I am the wife of William Oliver Staples, and live in Godfrey's-gardens, Millbank-road, Westminster. On Saturday, the 12th of Oct., I went into the angel public-house, Broadway, with my brother and daughter, about nine or ten o'clock at night—I had a basket containing 50 brass chains, 100 pieces of leather, and some twine—my brother took it off my arm, and placed it on the tap, in the corner, while we drank a pot of half-and-half—I saw the prisoner there—we were there about a quarter of an hour

or twenty minutes, and missed the basket and its contents, and also another basket belonging to my brother, which was with it—my brother's has not been found—this is my basket and things.





ADAM CROOKS
. I was with my sister in the public-house on this evening—I had a basket containing a loin of mutton, 2oz. of tea, some sugar and butter—I lost my basket—it has not been found.

Prisoner. He has been convicted twice, and had a month at the Sessions-house, and a month here. Witness. I was convicted once at the Sessions for felony, but I was not convicted here—I was charged with felony.





MARY ANN STAPLES
, Jun. I went with my mother to the public-house—she put the basket on the tap, and had some half-and-half—I went out with my little cousin to buy a halfpenny-worth of apples, and as I was coming in again I saw the prisoner coming out with my uncle's and mother's baskets—I asked her what made her take the baskets out, and she hit me in the eye—I am quite sure she is the woman.





ANN BURNS
. I keep a public-house, in Regent-street, Westminster. On Saturday night the prisoner brought this basket, put it behind the tap-room door, left it there, and walked out again—I took it up stairs on Sunday morning, and brought it down again on Monday—it contained these chains and leathers for soldiers' caps—I did not know her before—she never came after it again.

Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday evening I went into the Angel; I was rather in liquor; Mr. Crooks was there, and his wife's sister and little girl; I did not speak to his sister; he offered me a glass or pot to drink, and I called for a pot in return; there was a piece of work, and we were all turned out of the house, but I never had the baskets in my hand; I ran, being tipsy, to see what the mob was about, and never went into the house again; in the morning I found myself on a person's bed in Orchard-street.





JOHN HUDSON
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—she is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

