



879. 




EMMA BRITAIN



, stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 18 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign; the moneys of 



David Stevens, from his person; having been before convicted.






DAVID STEVENS.
 I am a licensed victualler, but have been out of business three weeks—I live at Hoxton. On Sunday night, 13th Feb., between eleven and twelve o'clock, I met the prisoner in Shoreditch—she asked me several times to treat her to something to drink—to get rid of her I gave her a glass of gin at a house in Shoreditch, and I had three halfpenny-worth—I did not take out my purse—I went away towards home—when I got into Old-street I turned round, and saw her six or eight yards behind me—I did not speak to her, but walked into King-street—she came up, and attempted to lay hold of my private parts, sounded my pocket, tore it down, took my purse, and ran away—I ran after her into Hoxton-square—she passed something to a female, who was waiting there—I was going to follow, and was stopped by two men, who laid hold of my collar—the second woman called "Police!"—a policeman came up—the prisoner never left the spot; she had no chance—I stood close to her with a stick.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Had you any public-house then? A. I left it the day before—I have the license now—I had been drinking at my house with the party who had taken it, but not to excess—I did not tell the prisoner it was her turn to treat me—my flap is part of my pocket—the men had hold of me when the policeman came up—they said, "Halloo, master, what is the matter? have you lost anything?"





WILLIAM AMY
 (policeman.) I heard a cry of "Police!" went to the spot, and saw Stevens and two men—they had not hold of him—the prisoner was close to him—he gave her in charge—she said she had seen nothing of the property.

JURY.
Q. Did Stevens appear as if he had been drinking? A. No.





STEPHEN MANSFIELD.
 I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1845, and confined six months)—I was present—she is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

