



1201. 




WILLIAM STRIPLING
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Finlayson, at St. Matthew, Bethnalgreen, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 1l.; 14 spoons, 4l. 7s. 6d.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 7s. 6d.; 1 tooth-pick, 6d.; 1 pen-knife, 2s. 6d.; and 1 card-case, 2s.; his goods.






JOHN FINLAYSON
. I live in Palestine-place, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green Between nine and ten o'clock at night, on the 15th of March, I saw my house properly locked up—the doors were locked, and the windows fastened—I have a parlour-window looking into the garden—I went to bed about eleven, and about a quarter after twelve I heard a noise—I thought the next door neighbour had fallen down, or fallen out of bed—I laid a few minutes, then heard some one moving or speaking—soon after I heard a noise—I said, "That is the celleret-hid shut down, there is some one in the house"—I got up, and got a light, and went below, and found nothing moved—I called the police, went into the back parlour, and found my desk open, and a. coat, some spoons, and a tooth-pick gone—the window had been broken, which would enable a person to undo the sash, and get in—these are my things.





GEORGE GREEK
 (police-constable K 330.) At half-past twelve o'clock on Friday night, the 15th of March, I saw the prisoner in the Cambridge-road, near the prosecutor's house—he had a coat on similar to the one produced.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not come to Worship-street to look at me? A. Yes, you had no coat on then—I knew you.





SAMSON DRAVE FROST
 (police-constable.) I was on duty that night, and saw the prisoner coming from Cambridge-circus, near the Hackney-road, and cross to (he dark side—I watched him to the end of my beat, and saw no more of him till he was locked up.





JOHN HENRY SILVEY
. I am shopman to Mr. Sowerby, of Chiswell-street. I heard of the robbery, and had a description of the property—on Saturday, the 16th of March, about the middle of the day, the prisoner came with two broken spoons—he asked if I purchased them—I talked to him, and de-tained him till an officer was sent for, and he was taken.





THOMAS TAYLOR
 (police-constable G 111.) I was sent for by Mr. Silvey—I asked the prisoner if the spoons were his own—he said yes, he had had them a considerable time—I asked what he called a considerable time, a year or two,—he said Yes.





REBECCA GILLMAN
. I am the wife of Joseph Gillman. The prisoner lodged with me—I was present when Taylor searched his lodgings, and this knife was found there—the prisoner came home between two and three that morning.


Prisoner. Q. Can you swear it was me came home at that time A. I did not see you, but I suppose it was you.





JOHN FINLAYSON

re-examined. This is my knife.





ANTHONY RUTT
. I went into the prosecutor's garden, and saw footmarks—I have the shoes which I took from the prisoner's feet at Worship-street—I made an impression with them by the side of the other marks in the garden, and they exactly corresponded with the marks there.

Prisoner's Defence. On the 16th of March I had no work; I went into a coffee-shop; a man was sitting there, who appeared a respectable tradesman; he said he had not any regular employ for five months; that he was married, and had five children; he wished to part with these two old spoons; I took them to sell for old silver.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
