





2638. 




JOHN GARDNER,



 JAMES BULL
, and 




JOHN SMITH
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of October, 1 weight, value 1s. 8d., the goods of 



William Miller.






WILLIAM MILLER
. I am a milkman, and live in Ogle-street, Maryle-bone. On the 11th of October I was at breakfast in my parlour—Smith came in for a halfpenny-worth of milk to drink—my wife served it him in a glass—he drank part of it—he then beckoned, and Gardner came in, and stood on the left side of him—Bull then came in, and Smith said to Bull, "It is very good, won't you have a halfpenny-worth?"—Bull made no answer; but my wife turned herself round to take the milk off the shelf

to serve Bull, and Gardner took one of the weights off "the counter, and put it into his pocket—Smith and Bull paid for the milk they had, and when they had drunk it they all three went out together—I looked to see what weight they had got, and found it was the pound weight—I then put on my hat and followed them—they went on walking together, and I saw something pass, which I thought was a red handkerchief, but it was this red nightcap—when they got on to Union-street I met a policeman—I told him—he went and took them—he found the weight in this red night-cap, in Bull's pocket.





WILLIAM ROGERS
 (police-constable E 103.) I took the prisoners—I found this brass weight in this red nightcap, in Bull's trowsers pocket—when I stopped them I asked who had got the weight—Smith said, "What weight?"—I said, "The weight you took out of this man's shop"—they all said, "We have got no weight"—when I took the weight out of Bull's pocket, he turned to Smith, and said, "See what trouble you have brought me into; I told you you would"—he said at the office, that the weight was not stamped, and the gentleman could not swear to it.

Gardner's Defence. I had never been in the shop; I live in Union-street, and had only just come out; this man came and asked us if we had got the weight.

Bull's Defence. I picked the weight up, on Sunday night, at the corrner of Camomile-street.

GARDNER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years—Convict Ship.

BULL—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Confined Four Months.
