






123. 




WOLFF TIETZNER
 was indicted for

 stealing 2 casks, value 1s.; 130lbs. weight of butter, value 6l. 9s.; 112lbs. weight of biscuits,-25s.; 58lbs. weight of bacon, 1l. 9l.; 56lbs. weight of flour, 12s.; and 13lbs. weight of cheeses, 7s.; the goods of 



Thomas Reynolds; 




NICHOLAS POPART



, for inciting him to commit the said felony; 




MOSES HAKAL



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; and 




HANNAH DAVIS



, for feloniously receiving 15lbs. of flour, part of the same, well knowing it to have been stolen.


(The prisoners Tietzner, Hakal, and Davis, being foreigners, had the evidence communicated to them by an interpreter.)





THOMAS REYNOLDS
. I am a general dealer in provisions, and live in King-street, Tower-hill. On Monday afternoon, the 10th of Nov., about five o'clock, the prisoner Tietzner, came into my shop—he told me he wanted some provisions—he looked at a cask of butter, and said he wanted half a hunredweight—I showed him two casks, which he had weighed—he then selected a bag of biscuits and two cheeses—there was about 130lbs. of butter—he spoke broken English—I could understand him—I asked who he was—he said, "Captain Korakin, of the brig Twaan"—he wrote it down on this piece of paper, and gave it me—he also wrote his name, with a lead pencil, on another piece of paper, directing me where to take the goods, to Captain Korakin, of the brig Twaan, or Tewan—I asked him where his ship was—he said, at Deptford—I asked him who his broker was—I could not understand him—he showed me a card, which I have not got—the prisoner kept it—it had on it, "J. Smith, late Soulby, ship-chandler, 126, Wapping"—he said nothing more about any other goods at that time; but while I was conveying them to Mr. Soulby's, he came and ordered more goods—I was not there then—I took the goods down to Mr. Soulby's, according to his directions, and left them there, with the bill—he said nothing about the money for the goods, the first time—he said the second time that he was going to his broker's to get money—I saw him again on Wednesday morning, the day but one after, and he gave me an order for peas, coals, and potatoes—they were not sent down, as he said his ship was coming into the London Docks—I went to Mr. Soulby's on the Wednesday, and the goods were gone—I found no money left for them—in consequence of what Mr. Soulby told me, I went with Murphy and a constable to a house at the corner of Houndsditch—we rung the bell—the prisoner Hakal opened the door for us—we asked him where the goods were—he said the goods were gone—I described the goods to him—I asked him about the man—he said he was gone also—we searched the house, and found part of the goods in Hakal's room, the back room, second floor—the biscuit was in the bed, covered over with some things—I could identify every one of the things—I found the casks by the side of the bed, in the same room—part of the butter was gone, and the cheese was also gone—I have since been to the London Dock—I found no such vessel as the Twaan, nor any name like it.

Tietzner, It is false all that is said.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON
Q. I believe there is good deal of your property that you did not find in the house? A. I found all except the cheese and part of the butter—I believe it is a large house—I did not know Mr. Soulby before this.





JOHN LLOYD
. I lodge with Mr. Reynolds, and sometimes assist him. On Monday evening, the 10th of Nov., about six o'clock, while Mr. Reynolds was out, Tietzner came in—I had seen him with Mr. Reynolds about an hour before—there was a side of bacon hanging at the door—Tietzner told me to take it down, cut it in half, and weigh it—I did so—he then ordered some flour—he told me to send it the following morning before eight o'clock to Mr. Soulby's, that they might go with other goods from Mr. Sculby's, down to Deptford—I could understand him perfectly well, and he understood me.

Tietzner. I did not order anything with him.





THOMAS CANNON
. I am shopman to Mr. Soulby, a ship-chandler, 126, High-street, Wapping—on Monday, the 10th of Nov., between one and two o'clock in the day, the prisoners, Tietzner and Popart, came together—Tietzner laid hold of a piece of brown canvas that was on the counter, and Popart said

the captain wanted some better bleached—I took them up into the sail-loft, and showed them a better sort—he ordered a bolt of No. 4 canvas, and a bolt of No. 6, two gallons of oil, one hundred weight of the best lead, and two fenders—Popart told me that Tietzner wanted them—Popart acted as interpreter—he spoke English to me—I asked him the captain's name when we came out of the sail-loft, and he wrote on the slate "Captain Korakin, of the Russian brig, Evon, lying off Deptford"—my master took them into the counting-house—they said they wanted to buy some provisions, and he recommended them to Mr. White's, of East Smithfield—they then spoke together—I could not tell what they said—after that Popart told me the goods were to go to the ship at Deptford on the following morning—he asked Mr. Soulby if he would take any provisions in that came, and keep them till the ship came up to the East Dock, London Dock, on the Wednesday—he asked as interpreter—my master said he would—on the next day our goods were sent down to Deptford—I was in the shop, and helped to carry them into a boat—I did not go with them—they were afterwards brought back to the shop by the waterman that took them—he is not here—I went round to the London Dock on the Tuesday, but could not see such a ship as the Evon—I went again on the Wednesday and could not see her—about four o'clock on the Tuesday I saw Tietzner again by himself—he came and shook hands with my master, and I told him his vessel was coming into the East Dock, London Dock, on the day after to-morrow—on the Monday I saw a bag of biscuits and two firkins of butter at our place for Captain Korakin—I was not in when they came—on Wednesday morning, about ten o'clock, Tietzner brought a cart and said he was going to take the things back to Mr. Reynolds as they were too dear—he had Murphy with him—the things were put into the cart and went away—Tietzner went with it along side the cart—I do not know whether be stepped up in the cart or not.

Tietzner. I showed you the account on Tuesday, and then said it was too dear. Witness. I did not see him show the account.

Cross-examined. Q. You only saw Popart once at Mr. Soulby's, when he came and acted as interpreter? A. That is all—he spoke to Tietzner, who gave him directions.





WILLIAM MURPHY
. I am a carman, in the employ of Mr. Potter, of Brown Bear-alley—on Wednesday morning, the 12th of Nov., about nine o'clock, I was with my cart on the stand at the London Dock—Popart and Tietzner came and hired my cart—Popart said to my master, "Is that cart I hired?—my master said, "No"—Popart said, "How much will you charge to take some things into Houndsditch?"—my master said 3s.—he then asked Tietzner whether he would give the 3s.—Tietzner spoke, but my master could not understand him—Popart then said the captain would give half-a-crown—we at last agreed to go and I went to Mr. Soulby's—Tietzner went with me—there received two kegs of butter, a bag of biscuits, a side of bacon, and a bag of flour—I took them to a house in Houndsditch—Tietzner went with me—he told me to go up Old Gravel-lane—I went—he wanted me to go up White Lion-street—I told him it was blocked up—when we got to the Mint he jumped out of the cart and ran over Tower-hill—the cart was then passing Mr. Reynolds's shop—Tietzner told me to make haste by, to the top of the Minories—he went on into Houndsditch and got into the cart again afterwards—he told me to stop at the corner shop, at Bishopsgate-street—he there rang the bell, and Moses Hukal came to the door—he spoke to me in English, so that I could understand him—he ordered me to fetch the things in, and I did—Tietzner paid me, and I went away—I afterwards went with Mr. Reynolds and the constable to that corner house—the bell was rung, and

Hakel answered the door—we went and looked for the things down stairs, but could not find them—we asked him where the things were—he said the man was gone and the things too—we went up stairs and found some of the things—they were the same things I had had in the cart, all of them except the butter—Hakel was present when they were found—he said nothing when they were found—he said Tietzner had left them, and that he had said he was coming back in two hours for the rest of the things—one thing I should state is, that when Tietzner got as far as the Mint he bit his lips.

Tietzner. I was not in the cart; I walked all the way. Witness. He did not.

Cross-examined. Q. Before Popart asked what your master would charge I believe Teitzner had asked, and your master could not understand him? A. Yes, there was some conversation between Popart and Tietzner, and then Popart asked the question.





HENRY CHAPMAN
 (City police-constable, No. 648.) On the 12th of Nov. Mr. Reynolds called me—I went with him to the house at the corner of Bishopsgate-street and Houndsditch—Murphy went with me—Hakal opened the door—I asked him where the goods were gone that were previously brought to his house—he said they were gone, and the man too—I said, at the house was an empty house, I should like to search it—he said, "Very well"—I went up stairs—he went with me—I searched the house, and in the back room I found the whole of the property, which Mr. Reynolds immediately identified, with the exception of two cheeses and part of the butter—I asked Hakal where the cheeses and butter were—he said the man had gone away with it in a large bag on his shoulder, and he was going to return again in two hours for the other part of the property—I took him to the station-house—the inspector let him go at large on his promising not to remove the goods till he saw Mr. Reynolds or me—I particularly cautioned him that they were taken under false pretences—he spoke English very plainly, indeed, when first saw him at the house, but before the inspector he would not understand a word that was said—I know be is a foreigner—I have known him in the house for some months past, being on the beat—I saw Davis sitting at the table at needlework in the front room where Hakal was—I told her the goods were obtained under false pretences, and she was not to allow any to be moved out of the house till she saw me or the prosecutor; and she proposed that the carman should remain in the house till Tietzner returned for the goods—Murphy was left to watch inside the house, and Lloyd watched outside—afterwards, about four o'clock, I met Davis at the corner of Cutler-street, Houndsditch, with something very bulky under her dress, walking very askwardly with it—I stopped her, and asked what she had under her dress—she seemed completely confused, and said, "Oh, dear!" or "Oh, God!"—I took her to the station—I saw this bundle of flour drop from under her gown—I compared it with the flour I had seen in Hakal's house, and as far as I could judge they appeared to be the same.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe Hakal was quite willing for you to Search his house? A. Yes, he went up stairs first, and I followed him.





EBENEZER KIBBLEWHITE
 (City police-constable, No. 645.) On the evening of the 12th of Nov., about eight o'clock, I went after Tietzner—I saw him come out of a house in Camomile-street—I followed him as far as a butcher's shop, about twelve doors off, and then took him into custody, just as he was calling for a cab—took him to the station—he had on him this cheese, wrapped up in a piece of paper.





WILLIAM NEWMAN
 (City police-constable, No. 623.) I took Popart into custody.





WILLIAM DAVIS
. I am a tailor, and live at No. 20, Camomile-street—I

know Tietzner and Popart well—they lodged in that house together in one room with me.

Tietzner. We used to live in the same house together, but only for the last fortnight.





HENRY JOHN PEMBROOK
. I am an inspector of the Thames police—I have been to the Custom-house, and to several of the docks, to try to find a ship named the Evon, Twaan, Tewan, or anything like it, and could not find any such vessel.





THOMAS REYNOLDS

re-examined. I took the first lot of goods myself on the Monday evening—I also took some on the Tuesday morning—I saw Mr. Soulby, and he told me something—I delivered the goods to Mr. Soulby, I and told him not to part with them until they were paid for.

The prisoner Tietzner, in a very long defence, stated "That on the 4th of Nov., at Deptford, he was employed by a person who represented himself as Captain Korakin, of the Ewan, to purchase the goods and provisions; that, not being able to speak English, he took Popart with him as an interpreter; that he paid Mr. Reynolds 6l.8s. on account, who gave him the cheese as a percentage on the goods, which were taken to Mr. Soulby's, by order of the person who employed him; that afterwards, finding Mr. Reynolds had over-charged him, he determined to take the goods back, and employed the cart for that purpose, but having the cheese at his own house, he left the goods with Hakal, knowing he had an empty room, while he went to see if the ship had arrived at the London Dock; finding it was gone from there, and that the captain had made a fool of him, he fetched the cheese from his lodging, and was about calling a cab to take it and the other goods back to Mr. Reynolds, when he was taken into custody; he also stated that he gave small quantity of the flour and butter to Hakal."





THOMAS REYNOLDS

re-examined. He never paid me 6l. 8s., nor a farthing—I understood him to say that he himself was the captain of the ship which the goods were to go on board of.

TIETZNER—


GUILTY
 Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.


 POPART, HAKAL, and DAVIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
