



132. 




JOHN GRAVES
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 canvas bag, value 1d.; 38 sovereigns, and 4 shillings; the property of 



James Hawkins, from his. person; and that he had been twice before convicted of felony.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES HAWKINS
. I live in Berkshire, and keep a grocer's shop. On the 17th of Nov. I came from Peterborough to the station at Euston-square—I got there at a quarter past eleven o'clock—I saw the prisoner there—he held up his finger, and said, "Where do you want to go?"—I said, "To Padding-ton station"—he said, "Come with me, and I will show you"—we went a long way, and were talking about how we got our living—he said he got his living in this way, and to pay him for his trouble I took out a shilling and a four-penny piece and gave it him—he seemed dissatisfied, and I said, "Come into a public-house, and I will give you something to drink"—we did so, and then

we went down to Paddington, and were too late for the train—I took my ticket to go by the next train, and we came back to the same house to drink again—I fell asleep there—the prisoner was in my company when I fell asleep—I awoke after a time, and he was gone—I put my hand to my side-pocket, and missed my bag, containing thirty-eight sovereigns and some silver, but I could not say how much—I went out and stood and considered, and then I went back to the railway station again—I gave information to a policeman, and then another policeman went and found the prisoner—I had taken out my bag to pay for some liquor while I was with him—he was close to my side, and could see it.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Was it the Mint public-house you went to? A. Yes, I know it now—I did not know it at the time—there were several persons in the room we went into, who had whips and such like—we had six glasses of brandy and water at two different times—we went into the house twice—we had some porter besides—I cannot say how long I was in the house—I fell asleep and awoke up—we went to the public-house, and then he showed me the station, and then we came back—I sent the prisoner for some of the liquor—my coat was cut.





LOUISA ALDRIDGE
. I am bar-maid at the Mint public-house. On the 17th of Nov. I saw the prosecutor and prisoner there together—they had six glasses of brandy and water—I served them—the prisoner came out and fetched them—he paid for it—they staid about half an hour, and then went away to the Paddington station—they were a little the worse for liquor, but not tipsy—the prosecutor was the worst—there were a good many other people in the room.





JOHN JINISON
. I am a labourer, and live in Drummond-street. On Tuesday, the 17th of Nov., I was at the terminus, and saw the Peterborough train arrive—the prosecutor came by it—I saw the prisoner—he went up to him, and they went away together on foot—it was a quarter past eleven o'clock in the morning—I saw the prisoner again at half-past three o'clock—he came with a cab—he got out of the cab—he asked me and three more if we would have any beer—we said, "Yes"—we went, and had 6d. worth of gin instead, and a screw of tobacco—the prisoner was the worse for liquor—I stopped with him about ten minutes—he showed me a half-sovereign which he took out of his fob-pocket, and said, "That is the way to do it,"

Cross-examined. Q. He appeared very merry, did not he? A. Yes.





WILLIAM SPORNE
. I am pot-boy at the Grafton Arms, Grafton-street, Tottenham Court-road. On Tuesday afternoon, the 17th of Nov., the prisoner came in a cab, about three o'clock—the cabman had two glasses of gin, and the prisoner had one glass of brandy—the prisoner paid for it—he gave a shilling, and my master gave him change, and he gave me 2d.—the prisoner had a sovereign in his hand linking on the counter—I knew him before when I lived against the railroad—I had known him two years,

Cross-examined. Q. Was he spinning it on the counter? A. Yes—I have seen many people do the same thing.





JOSEPH POWELL
. I am a shoemaker, and live at my father's, in Phillips'-buildings, Somers-town. The prisoner lodged there—he slept with me—on Tuesday, the 17th of Nov., he came home between four and five o'clock—he was tipsy—he pulled off his cap, went up stairs, and went to bed—I said, "You have had pretty good luck to-day, John"—he said, "Yes; I owe you 1s.; I have had pretty good luck to-day; I will pay you to-morrow"—I was there when the policeman came for the prisoner—I lighted the policeman—he found under the prisoner's bed a little bag of sovereigns—I and my father were at work in the room when he went to bed,


Cross-examined. Q. You knew him as a porter at the railway? A. Yes—he plies outside there for any one.





JANE POWELL
. I am the sister of Joseph Powell, and live at that house. On the 17th of Nov. I made the bed the prisoner slept on—I turned the bed over—I saw no bag of sovereigns—I made the bed, so that if there had been a bag of sovereigns I should have seen it.





GEORGE CURTIS
 (police-constable S 43.) I received information of this robbery at half-past six o'clock that evening—I went to the prisoner's lodging, in Phillips's-buildings—I found him in bed—I told him I wanted him for a robbery on a countryman—he hesitated about getting up, but he did get up—when he quitted the bed, I searched, and found this bag, containing thirty-three sovereigns and a half, under the bed—at the station I found one of the sovereigns was battered—this is it—I showed it to the prosecutor before the Magistrate, and he claimed it

Cross-examined. Q. The prosecutor did not say anything to you till you showed it to him? A. No.





JAMES HAWKINS

re-examined. Q. Before the Magistrate did the policeman show you any particular sovereign? A. Yes—I examined it, and knew it—this is the one—it is mine—it was safe in my. bag when I came from Peterborough—I did not see it again till I was before the Magistrate—I know it by the battered and scratched marks on the head of it—I rather doubted whether it was good—I am sure this is the sovereign that was in my bag—I took it in my hand and threw it on the table to ring.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you examined every other sovereign? A., No—I did not examine every sovereign I had when left Peterborough—I cannot say whether I had any more in the bag that might be a little jagged like this.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Whether there were more in the bag or not, are you sure about this one? A. I am sure about this one—this bag is not mine.





JOHN FREWIN
 (police-constable D 167.) I produce two certificates of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 31st Jan., 1842, and confined three months; and on the 9th of May, 1842, and confined two years)—I was present at both the trials—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

