






2343. 




JOHN JACKSON



, stealing 402 pencil-cases, 140 pen-holders, 6 tooth-picks, 100 steel pens, and other articles, value 100l.; the goods of 



John Sheldon, his master: and





WILLIAM WARREN



, feloniously receiving the same, and 





MARY BURROWS



, feloniously receiving part of the same: to which 
JACKSON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years
.

MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN SHELDON
. I am a manufacturer of metallic goods, at Birmingham. I had these gold and silver goods locked in a leather-case—I had the key—I employed Jackson as my porter, and he came to the house—on 25th Sept. I left the case in the passage, in his charge—he was not to take it out till I came down—I was not in the habit of trusting him with it out of my sight—I came down, and he and the case were gone—I gave information, and found some of my property at the station next day—the value of the whole was between 100l. and 200l.—the largest and the best are gone—this bag, and contents, and strap, are mine (produced)—these books and papers have my name on them.





EDWARD KNOWLAND
. On 25th Sept. I went to Mr. Brooks', in Tothill-street, and saw Burrows offering this pencil-case for sale—I asked her to let me look at it, and said, "This answers the description of some property stolen"—she snatched it from me—I said, "I am a policeman, you must go to the station"—I was in plain clothes—I took her to the station after a little struggle—on the way she said she had had two pencil-cases given her the night before by a gentleman in Oxford-street—she gave her address, 6, Snow's-rents—I received information, and went to the second-floor of 100, York-street, which leads from Snow's-rents—the door was locked—I forced it open, searched the room with the sergeant, and found this trunk, containing the property which has been produced, under the bedstead.





MARK LOOME
 (police-sergeant, B, 11). The inspector asked me at the station if I knew where Burrows lived—I said, "Yes, 100, York-street; I saw her at the window last night"—I went there, to the second-floor front room—the landlady could not find the key—I broke it open, and found the things produced—Warren's aunt lived in the same house, and I have seen him go backwards and forwards—I told Burrows I had found a large quantity of gold and silver pencil-cases—she said they were left there by a man; that she gave him the key, and he left them there—she afterwards said it was Bill Warren—he was not present—I have frequently seen him and her in public-houses together.

Burrows. I said Warren told me it was clothes? Witness. You did not.





JAMES JOHNSON
—(policeman). I was present when Burrows was brought to the station—the inspector asked her how she came by those pencil-cases—she said she received them in Oxford-street, on the previous evening—he said be knew more about them than she was aware of—she said she did not know the man's name, but Johnson, meaning me, knew him well—I asked her who it was—she said she could not tell me his name, but described him to me—I was satisfied that I knew him—I went to Snow's-rents, saw Mrs. Cox, and asked her to accompany me to the prisoner's room—she did so—I found this smaller case among the blankets in the second-floor front room, at 100, York-street, this strap," which bound up the leather case, and these pattern-cards, under the sacking—it was Warren she described, and not the gentleman Oxford-street.





HARRIET FIETCHER
. I am landlady of the house in York-street. I let the second-floor front to Burrows—I accompanied the officers into that room, and saw all the articles found—the account they have been giving is true.

Burrows. Q, Did not you know me for a long time? A. Yes; I never

knew anything wrong of you—you lived with a respectable young man, who supported you.





THOMAS SCUDAMORE
. I am a pawnbroker, of Great Chapel-street, Westminster. I produce a case, containing a gold pencil-case, pledged on 25th Sept., by Burrows, between twelve and one o'clock—I have known her a long time by coming to the shop.





MARK LOOME

re-examined. On 14th Oct. I took Jackson at the door of the Yorkshire Stingo—Warren was standing a hundred yards off—when he saw me he walked away, and then began to run—he fell in the middle of tre road, I fell over him, and took him to the Yorkshire Stingo, where Jackson was, and then to the station—I told Warren the charge—he said there was nothing against him, and Jackson said that it was no felony.





SAMUEL WHATMORE
. On 25th Sept., a little after two o'clock, Warren offered me a gold pencil-case for 6s.—he said it could not be dear, for he had just pawned one for a crown—I said if I wanted one ever so, I should not buy it on my own judgment—I asked him to let me take it to a friend—I took it to Mr. Arden, and afterwards returned it to Warren—it was larger than this produced.





CHARLES WILLIAM FARING
. I am apprentice to Mr. Brooks, of 9, Totbill-street. On 25th Sept., between twelve and one o'clock, I bought this pencil-case of a woman who I believe to be Burrows—she gave me her address, 90, York-street—she called again, and was seen by the officer, and taken into custody—I believe that person to be the same who came the first time; I cannot swear it.





ELIZABETH ROBERTSON
. I live at 11, Snow's-rents, facing the back door of 100, York-street. I saw Burrows there sometimes—she lived there for what I knew—on 25th Sept. I was washing—I looked out at the back door, and saw Warren go by with a bag like this-shortly afterwards Jackson went by with a box in his right hand, and went in at the back door—in a little time one of them went out, and came back with a mug and two pots—I did not see them together in the room—on the Friday evening I was taking clothes in, and saw them standing, talking—I know Warren by sight—I had only seen Jackson once, but knew him by his dress.





HARRIETT COX
. I know 100, York-street—Burrows lived in the second floor front-room—I saw Warren there on the 25th Sept., between twelve and o'clock, but never before—he was sitting in Burrows's room—I knocked at the door to give warning to the lodgers, and Jackson opened it; that was how I came to see them—Burrows was not there.

Burrows. I will never come here again.

WARREN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BURROWS—



GUILTY. Aged 23.—




Judgment Respited.


