





679. 




JOSEPH SMITH
 and 



THOMAS CALLINGHAM



, stealing 1 canvas wrapper, and 172lbs. weight of shoe-thread, value 6l. 15s.; the goods of 



William Barker and another.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM CHALKLEY
 I am porter to Mr. William Barker and another, twine-manufacturers, 59, Watling-street. On Thursday night, 8th Feb., at half-past six o'clock, I had occasion to take a letter two doors off—when I went out I saw a cab at the door of my master's warehouse—there were three men with it; Smith was one of them—they were lifting a bale on the box of the cab—I saw Callingham, but I did not take so much notice of him as I did of the other—they were all lifting the bale—I did not tee any one enter the cab—I saw Smith open the cab-door, and I saw him shot it—he then ran round behind the cab, ran past it, and up towards St. Paul's, and the cab followed him—(I had seen the cabman run round on the off-side and get on the box)—I know the bale—I observed the mark on it as they lifted it up—when I got into the warehouse, John Clarbour spoke to me about the bale, and, in consequence of what he said, 1 went after the cab—I saw it run along Watling-street—I was some distance behind it—I chased it till I got to St. Paul's Church-yard, and there saw it draw up to the side of the pavement, and Smith got on it: he sat on the seat, with his legs across the bale, which was outside—I chased them down Ludgate-hill—I called out, "Stop that cab," and "Stop thief!"—I should think the driver could not have heard it, I was too far behind—I lost sight of it in Blackfriars-road—I saw a policeman running very hastily after it.

Smith. Q. Did it not rain very hard that night? A. It did, but not at that time—I brought the letter out in my right-hand, open—I had to take it for an answer.

JURY
Q. How far were you from the door? A. About twelve yards at the outside.





JOHN CLARBOUR
 I am clerk to Messrs. Barker. I saw this bale safe in the passage adjoining the shop—I missed it before Chalkley came back—I desired him to go after the cab—the bale was my master's property, it was worth 6l. 15s.





RICHARD WILLIAM WHITE
 (City policeman, 360.) On Thursday evening, 8th Feb, about five minutes before seven o'clock, I heard an alarm, and went in chase of the cab—Callingham was driving, and Smith was sitting on the box with his legs hanging on the bile—I called out," Stop that cab! "and" Stop thief!"—I was at that time six or seven yards from the cab—I saw both the prisoners look round, and when they saw me gaining on the cab, Callingham whipped the horse to make it go faster—they got out of my reach, went down Ludgate-hill and down Bridge-street to the foot of the bridge—I there became exhausted, and told Burchall to follow them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you run on the road or the footway? A. On the road—I was behind the cab nearly the whole time—it was a green cab, as near as I could judge—it was taken, but we have not got it—I did not take the number—both the prisoners looked round, Smith to the left, and Callingham to the right, and Smith once rose up as well as he could, and looked over the back of the cab—that was when I was on the bend of the hill.





JAMES BURCHALL
, (City policeman, 317.) About twenty minutes before seven o'clock, I observed the cab, and heard the cry—I caught hold of the hind part of the cab on the bridge, but they still kept driving on—I followed, thinking they might stop, or slacken their pace—when they got to Friar-street, Blackfriars-road, they slackened to go up Friar-street, I ran up by the

side of the cab, and desired the cabman to stop, which he did—that was Callingham—Smith got down directly, and I took hold of him—he asked what I wanted—I said I was desired to stop the cab, and I thought it was my duty to take him—he made no answer—Callingham made some reply that he was ordered to drive as fast as he could; I do not know that he mentioned by whom—I asked Smith where he was going to take the bale—he said he was going to take it to Horsemonger-lane, and he brought it from Watling-street, where it was given him by two men, one was a gentleman and the other a porter.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you take the number of the cab and the number of the driver? A. Yes, I have his badge here.

Smith. Q. On which side did you come? A. On the near side of the cab, on your side—you were sitting with your legs crossed on the bale.

Smith's Defence, On that night it was raining very hard; I stood by the side of the door; the porter came out of the warehouse; I saw him deliver the letter; he was waiting for an answer; a cab drove to the door; a gentleman and a porter went inside and rolled the bale out; they had a difficulty in getting it up, and I ran to their assistance and pushed it up with them; the porter then went away, and the gentleman said, "If you have no objection to go with the cab to Horsemonger-lane, I will pay you;" I said, "Very well;" the cabman drove on; I ran round to get on the box; I could not catch it till it got to St. Paul's Churchyard; I got up there; I had no money to pay the cab, nor did I hire it.





JAMES BURCHALL

re-examined. He had no money on him, only a knife.

SMITH—


GUILTY
 Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.


CALLINGHAM—


NOT GUILTY


