



598. 




ROBERT JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of December, 100 yards of damask, value 10l., the goods of 



John Davies and another, his masters.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN DAVIES
. I am a draper, and in partnership with Henry Edwards—we live in Bridge-road, Lambeth. The prisoner was in our employ as an upholsterer at the time of this charge—he kept a private account with us, and bought things of us—the account had been balanced, and there was a balance due to us—we never gave him authority at any time to dispose of, or to pledge any property of ours—he was given into custody on our premises—I told him he was guilty of stealing goods, and I must give him in custody—he said, "I hope you will not give me into custody, I shall be able to get the things out"—I was willing to give him indulgence for a few days, but finally gave him into custody—I saw the piece of damask in question—this is it—(looking at it)—it is our property.

Prisoner. Q. Was not that property entered for me to take out in the regular book? A. It was entered to a customer for you to show it them, and you did not do so.





CHARLES DAVIES
. I am the brother of John Davies, and am in the employ of Davies and Edwards. On the 4th of December I went to Mr. Attenborough's, and found the prisoner there, and this piece of damask—Mr. Attenborough said in his presence there were several things pledged there—I said I had long suspected him—the prisoner said, "I beg you will be lenient; if you will come with me to my house I will give you up the duplicates of all the goods taken from your house."





GEORGE GILL
. I am in the service of Mr. Richard Attenborough, of Bridge-house-place, a pawnbroker. On the 29th of July this damask was pledged by the prisoner—my master gave information to Mr. Davies, and by means of that the prisoner was subsequently taken.





JOSEPH KENT
 (police-constable L 164.) On the 6th of December the prisoner was given into my custody—he said he was in hopes Mr. Davies would not give him into custody, and said, "If you will let it remain two or three days I shall make it up?"—he also said, "I dare say I shall be transported for this."


Prisoner. I said if these things were proved against me I should be transported. Witness. He said, "I have no doubt I shall be transported"—I said, "What can you expect after you have been robbing your employers to that extent, as I have understood from your employers, it is to 2l. or 3l. a week?"—I did not say that all they could do would be to make it illegally pawning—I did not ask him if anybody saw him steal the goods.

Prisoner. He certainly did say so. I was sent to show the goods to a gentleman; he was not at home, and then they were taken to the pawnbroker's; but I did not take them clandestinely, nor did I steal them. I was not a servant of theirs; I was receiving no salary; I was merely paid by the job for what I did, sometimes at my own house, and sometimes at theirs.





JOHN DAVIES

re-examined. He was in our employ—he had so much for piece-work.

Prisoner. I was only so when I was at work. If I did a job I was paid. When I went with these goods I should not have been paid for it




GUILTY
.* Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.
There was another indictment against the prisoner, who has been previously convicted; and the total amount of money advanced on the goods pawned was 150l.

Before Mr. Justice Maule.

