



1887. 




JANE CALLAHAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of May, 1 shawl, value 6s.; and 1 table-cloth, 2s., the goods of 



Thomas Vesper; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN STANBURY LEE
. I am salesman to Thomas Vesper, a pawnbroker, in the Commercial-road. On the evening of the 30th of May I was standing outside the shop attending the sale of goods—the prisoner came up about seven o'clock with a child—she was looking at some goods, and I saw her take something from a pile of goods which were standing outside the door, which had been folded to be taken in doors—she took something from that, and placed it under the child's clothes, then put her other arm round the child, and went off—I went, found her up a court, and the child standing by her side—I had not lost sight of her—when I got to her she was rolling up this shawl and table-cloth—I said she must go back to the shop—she said, "Don't hurt me, I have no father"—I took her back to the shop—these are the articles.

Prisoner. I did not take them—I do not know whether the child took them or not—he wanted to get down—I put him down and took him up again. Witness. The child appeared to be three or four years old—I saw you take these things with your left hand, and put them under the child's clothes, and you took the child up with your right hand.





JAMES HAMS
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was given into my custody—I asked her name—she said it was Clark—it was dark in the shop, but when I brought her out to the light I found she was a person I knew to be lane Callahan—she did not say any thing about these things.

Prisoner. I did not speak to him till I was at the station—my mother had a row with another woman, and that was the way he knew my name—I said if he knew my name better than I did he had better take it down—I was coming up from Poplar, and had my little brother in my hand.





CORNELIUS FOAY
 (police-constable K 98.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.
(John Phillips, labourer of Whitechapel, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.

