




1321. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 and 




HENRY DAWSON
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 coat, value 25s., and 1 pair of trowsers, 10s.; the goods of 



James Digby; and that they had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES DIGBY
. I keep a shop in High-street, Wandsworth—I had a coat and a pair of trowsers safe at seven o'clock in the evening on the 20th of April, and I missed them from my front shop afterwards—these are them.





JOHN MONKTON
 (police-constable V 197.) I found this coat and trowser on the prisoner Dawson, on the 20th of April—Williams was in company with him when they were given into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Which of the prisoners did you see first? A. Williams—Cox had hold of him—Dawson was about two yards off—he was brought back by two other persons, who said, "This is the other man"—there were twenty people assembled—I had heard a cry of "Police," and went up.





THOMAS COX
. I am a plasterer—I live in High-street, Wandsworth. Ah half-past eight o'clock in the evening, on the 20th of April, I was sitting at my window, and I saw the two prisoners come up the town—they stood about the prosecutor's shop—Williams went in, and Dawson stood a little way below—a constable came by, and Dawson went up and gave Williams a nudge on the elbow—the officer passed by, and then Williams went into the shop again, and came out with something on his arm, and Dawson joined him.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Where were you? A. Sitting up at my window, on the opposite side of the street, about twelve yards off—I looked down on the prisoners—I had not seen either of them before—I followed them—I had not lost sight of them above five or then minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you see the coat on the prisoner Dawson? A. Yes, I saw it take off his back at the station—he had three coats on.





JAMES DRISCOLL
 (police-sergeant C 2.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Dawson's former conviction at Clerkenwell, by the name of James Thomas—(read—Convicted 6th of Oct., 1845, and confined one months)—he is the person.





JOSEPH HUGHES
 (police-constable E 114.) I produce a certificate of Williams's conviction at Clerkenwell, by the name of William Steven—(read—Convicted 25th of March, 1846, and confined six months)—Williams is the person—he has been twice summarily convicted since.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


DAWSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined One Year.

