



672. 





GEORGE FREDERICK MIDDLEBROOK



, feloniously setting fire to the house of 




Henry Handford, with intent to injure him.


MESSRS. BODKIN and HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN HANAFORD
. I am the wife of Henry Hanaford, an lengraver, living at 44, Rahere-street, in the parish of St. Luke's. The prisoner is one of his apprentices, and had been so for about two years—he had been living with us three years—my husband had one other apprentice, and a journey mas, who worked for him, and who had served his time to his—he did not life with us—the two apprentices, my husband, myself, and three gentleman lodgers, lived in the house—there was no servant—on Sunday evening, 5th Dec., I am my husband went out soon after six o'clock, leaving the prisoner in the house—the other apprentice was out for the day, and the three lodgers, who were friends, had just passed down the street before us—there was nobody left in the house but the prisoner—my husband goes to Falcon-street Chapel, and I go to Church—while at Church, about seven, a neighbour gave me some information, which induced me to go home immediately—I found a crowd there, and I believe an engine—I think the prisoner was in the passage, but I am not quite certain—I immediately went up stairs to the bed-room, and found a policeman and fireman there—I had left the room door locked—when I got back, the catch of the lock was turned down and hanging by one screw as if it had been wrenched off—the bed-furniture was nearly all

burned—the cupboard-door was wide open—it is even with the wall of the room—I should suppose the cupboard is about a yard and a quarter from the bed and furniture; I cannot precisely way—the papers in the cupboard were bundles of old bills and drawing-books—they were partially burned—they were in the cupboard, burned—they had been put out with water, I suppose—I had left the cupboard closed when I went out—I cannot be positive about its being locked, but I have not the least doubt of it, because there is no button to it, it comes open, and there is no way of fastening it except by locking it—I was not the last person that went to the cupboard—there was a tin cashbox, in which my husband keeps his money, in another box in the cupboard—they were open when I came back, and there was no money in them then—I had seen the boxes previous to that evening—there were papers in them besides money—I am not aware that I missed anything except the money—I think there were different papers, but I am not aware whether they were lost—I merely looked and saw the money was gone—my husband keeps the keys of the boxes and the cupboard—I keep the key of the bedroom—when I go out I lock the door and put the key in my pocket—the cash-coxes were brought down stairs and I then sent the prisoder for my husband—I have no recollection of the prisoner saying anything about the room-door before that—my husband very soon came back with the prisoner—there was no saucer on the bedroom table when I went out—there was one kept on my wash-band stand, with soap and a brush in it—that one was on the table when I came back from Church, and smelt of turpentine—there was a small portion of water and turpentine apparently in it—the cupboard and the papers smelt of turpentine—I had had turpentine myself in the room two months before this occurence, so clean the bedstead with—there had been none in the room since then, to my kowledge—I did not use all of it—I used all that I had in the butter-boat, and the butter-boat was taken down stairs—I was in my bed-room that night, when the clock struck six—there was no smell of turpentine there then—I had had my tea before I left that evening, and the prisoner also—I do not know whether he had finished tea or not when we left—I left the ten-things there,. and told him that he might either leave them on the table, or put them back till my return—a screwdriver has been shown me—my husband had one, but I cannot say precisely that was is.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had the hell been going for Church when you went out? A. I should suppose not more than five or six minutes—it was not so long as ten minutes, I think—the service begins at half-past six—I do not know how for the Church is—I think. I could walk there in ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour—it is in Clerkenwell-square—I had been in the bedroom before I went to Church, to put my bonnet and shawl on—I had a light with me—I never bought any turpentine that I know of—I might have sent the boy for some, and they might have sent for some in the shop—my husband uses turpentine in his business, and a composition also, like pitch, but not like this (looking at a piece)—I am not aware that this is a piece of it—it is much browner than that—the bed was not close to the cupboard, I should say it was a yard off—we had had no painter on the premiser shortly before this—we had a person painting out in the yard on the Thursday or Friday in that week, or he might have been there on the Satyrday; I am not certain—the prisoner was admitted to bail by the Magistrate, and has surrendered to-day to take his trial—he has very respectable friends—I cannot say whether I shut the

street-door when I went out, or my husband—it is my custom to push against it when I go out—we always treated the prisoner well—we parted on friendly terms when we went to Church that evening—when I sent him to fetch my husband from chapel, he was gone as quick as possible.

MR. HIDDLESTON. Q. You say you had a light when you went to dress; where did you get it from? A. From the kitchen—it was an iron candlestick—to the best of my belief, I lighted it from the kitchen candle—after I had dressed, I brought it down again—while dressing, I put it on the bedroom table, which is about three-quarters of a yard from the cupboard—I believe there was nothing on the table but the looking-glass, I cannot precisely say—my usual habit is to push against the door when I go out.





HENRY HANAFORD
. I live in Rahere-street, St. Luke's, and am an engraver—the prisoner was my apprentice—I use turpentine in my trade—I have it in in small quantities—I had sent for a pint on the Friday before the fire—it was kept in a tin can used for the purpose, in a cupboard in the yard at the back of the house—I did not use any of that on the Friday, my wife did—I do not know what was done with it—I also use a composition resembling pitch—that was kept sometimes in the cupboard at the back of the house, and sometimes in the shop, where I do my engraving—this produced is that kind of composition—I have brought a piece with me—the workshop is at the back of the house, built in the yard—there is a door opening out of the shop into the yard; and the cupboard, where the turpentine was kept, is about a foot and a half from that door—it opens into the yard—there is a back door leading from the house into the yard, and another door leading from the yard into the shop—there is a small space between—on the evening of the fire I went to Falcon-square chapel—it generally takes me a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes to go there—I came out with my wife—all three of my lodgers left the house at the same time—I am not quite certain who left the house last, but I think it must have been me or my wife—we left no one in the house but the prisoner—while I was at chapel the prisoner came and told me a fire had taken place in my house, and that it had been put out with his assistance—I accompanied him back, and found the house in possession of the firemen—I went up to the back-room on the second floor, which is the top of the house, with the exception of a little loft—I saw there had been a fire there—it was then out—I went to the cupboard, where I kept papers on the shelves—it was open—some of the papers were burnt, and smelt very strongly of turpentine—there was also pitch on them—they were not all burnt, they were damaged by the fire—some were in bundles, and consequently were not burnt, and had no marks of fire on them—I kept this cash-box (produced) enclosed in a larger box, in the cupboard—it was locked safe on the Saturday night, and contained a 10l. note, a 5l. note, and five sovereigns—the keys were in my possession—I had seen the money in the box about eight or nine o'clock on Saturday night—I had received the 5l. note a few days before—I had on one occasion sent the prisoner out to fetch a sixpenny receipt stamp—I did not tell him for what purpose I wanted it—I think it was during the week previous—I was in the parlour when I sent him, and I think he brought it to me there—I think my customer was still there—the two boxes were locked, and the cupboard also—I had the key of the cupboard—it was locked on Saturday night at about eight or nine o'clock, and was not opened afterwards to my knowledge—when I returned from chapel I found the cash box had been taken

down stairs—it had been opened, and the money was gone—the box in which it had been was also opened, and the cupboard door was open—I kept papers in the cash-box, but I am not prepared to say that I missed any except one—I think the prisoner said as we returned home, that he was first alarmed by hearing the breaking of glass—I do not recollect what he further—I was, of course, agitated after having heard of the fire—I have no recollection of hearing from him low the fire originated, or how the room door was opened—I saw a saucer in the bed-room, which smelt of turpentine—I had not moved that saucer from where it was usually kept—there papers (producing some)—are those which were in the outer tin box, and these are some of those that were on the shelves in the cupboard.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When the prisoner to you at the chapel, did he walk home by the side of you? A. Yes; I think be walked with my niece who was with me—I did not smell turpentine about him—it is difficult to get girl rid of the smell of it, if a person had been handling it—the saucer which has been spoken of, is the one the soap was kept in—the proper place for it was on the washhand-stand—it was found and produced to me from the table—it was supposed to contain turpentine and water—I do not think the contents have been preserved—I had taken some money from the cash-box on the Saturday-night—the house is insured in the Dissenters' Office—they do not prosecute this inquiry—they have declined to do so—they spoke of watching the case—none of the money has been found—there is a dwarf wall in my yard, surrounding the premises—I keep a ladder hanging up against that wall—the back door of the premises leading into the yard is not usually locked—there is a loft in the bed-room, on the second floor—it has a skylight—some of the glass of thar is cracked—I do not knowe that any is broken—I kept some small articles of jewellery in the cash-box—I have not missed any—there were others ket in a bag on the drawers in the bed-room, such as gold seals which had been sent me to engrave—I presume the prisoner was aware they were there—he is about sixteen or seventeen years old—I think it was between seven and eight o'clock when he fetched me from chapel—I heard that a glass bottle was found in the yard—I cannot say whether it had turpentine in it—the prisoner was given into custody that night, about eleven I think—I had a great difficulty to bring my mind to do it—I think the painter was there about a month before, or thereabouts—I have no recollection of his being there on the friday—there was a part over the door of the yard which, I think, had been pitched during the month—I am fully satisfied there was no painting in the yard on Friday on Saturday.

MR. BODKIN. Q. who did what was done? A. Vine—I do not know where he lives—his mother is a witness in this case—the ladder I have spoken of belongs to me—it hung up against the wall, where it was usually kept—the wall is about eight or nine feet high, and over that there is another person's yard.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did not sometimes take up rages, and sometimes pitch, into the bed-room cupboard? A. Never rags, until they are burnt to an ash, having a portion of good of gold with then, and pitch I never take up—the rags were all sold previous to the taking place, so that there were none there then.

MR. HANSAFORD
re-examined. There was some turpentine in a tin can on the Friday afternoon, which into a errand-boy had—I cannot say when he fetched it—he poured some into a pipkin for me, and I took it into the kitchen, put some bees-wax with it, melted it, and took it into the first-floor room to rub some furniture, and it remained outside the front room door in a

washhand-stand—it had never been taken higher than that—it is there now, and has been ever since—it was there when I came from Church, but there was no liquid at all—I had not used any other turpentine for more than two months before that.





EMMA VINE
. I am a widow, and am the prosecutor's niece. I was with him at chapel, on the Sunday night—the prisoner came to fetch Mr. Hanaford—he told me that the house had been on fire—I asked him who put it out—he said he and two lads put it out—I asked him how he put it out—he said by letting a pail out of the back bed-room window into the water-butt—I asked him how he found it out—he said he had taken the tea-things into the back kitchen from the front, and heard some glass fall in the front kitchen area, that he went to see what it was, he saw people running down the street, and looking up at the house, and heard them call "Fire!" that he went up stairs, and forced open the parlour door with his knee—then he forces open one of the lodger's doors then he opened the street door, and five or six people entered the house—one ran up stairs, and he with him and they forced the back bed-room door open, but could not enter because of the smoke—then the man put a handkerchief round his month, and went in on his hands and knees, went up towards the cupboard door, but he did not know whether he went to the cupboard—the man was a stranger to him, but he had spoken to the policeman, and he saw him go out of the street door.





EDWARD WATKINS
. I live at 10, Mason's-place, which commands a view of the back of the prosecutor's house. There is a small row of houses between, which we can overtook—we can see the upper part of the prosecutor's house from the top room window—on the Sunday evening of this fire I was in the court on the ground, and heard an alarm of fire—I went round to Rahere-street, and gave an alarm—I saw the prisoner at the door of Mr. Hanaford's house—he opened it—I do not know whether I had knocked—he said the fire was there, and took me down stairs into the back kitchen—he asked if any one would lend him a little assistance with a few pails of water, to put the fire out—I and about six others, I should say, went down stairs with him—I cannot say whether he went down—he took us to a tap is the back kitchen which supplies the kitchen from the yard—I found one pail down stairs, and that was used to take up water to the upper part of the house—I asked if he had not got a water-butt in the yard, and some more pails—he then took us to the water-butt, and we found some more pails in the yard, and commenced dipping the water—I did not take any water up myself—I then went up to the top of the house, to see if I could render any assistance—I did not go into any room—I saw a smoke coming from the door of the back room which was on fire—the door was open—there were other people there when I went up—I did not stay a minute—I immediately ran down stairs to fetch the engine.

Cross-examined. Q. You rendered every assistance you could? A. Yes, and so did the prisoner, as far as I know—there were two people at the room door, but not in the room—when the prisoner opened the door I did not small him of turpentine at all—as near as I can tell, it was half-past six o'clock when I went into the house.

JURY. Q. Was the prisoner in your company all the time you were in the house? A. After I went into the yard to get the water I lost sight of him, and did not see him afterwards—I do not know whether he was up stairs or not.






MARY JOHNSON
. I am the wife of James Johnson, of 8, Mason's-place. From the front of our house we can see the back of Mr. Hanaford's—on this Sunday evening, about a quarter past six o'clock, or later, I saw a flame of fire in the second-floor back room at Mr. Hanaford's—I opened the window, and called out that there was a fire in Rahere-street, and Mr. Watkins was the first person I sw—I told him there was a fire there—I was not exactly looking out og window before I saw the light; I was suckling my baby, and happened to look up, and saw the fire.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Your window is immediately opposite the back of the premises? A. Very nearly—I started when I saw the flame, and threw up the window—I was frightened, and called, "Five!"—Watkins went away directly I spoke to him.





ELIZABETH CALLOW
. I live at 36, Rahere-street. About half-past six o'clock, on the night of the fire, I saw the prisoner at the door of the house—it was almost momentarily after the alarm of fire—he had a dark japanned hand oil-lamp in his hand—it was alight—he said the fire was there—I asked how it occurred—he said he supposed it was by his mistress' taking a lamp up stairs, to dress for chapel; that the wick had fallen or blown off the top of the lamp, and set fire to the bed-curtains—I left him at the door, and went back to my own house, as I had left my door open—I saw several persons going in to the house at the time—I left him standing at the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did not he tell you that the fire was put out? A. No—I did not enter the house—I was first alarmed when I was in my yard, by hearing a breaking of glass—it was that brought me to the street door.

COURT. Q. Where did the sound of the breaking of glass come from? A. A few doors up—it was at the moment of the fire—a person came from the back of the house and said there was a fire, and I ran up the street with the person—I thought the breaking of glass was in the stree, but it was in a yard five or six doors up, next door but one to the prosecutor's house—it fell on some tin, and that made a noise—it was from a person throwing up a window—the line broke, and the window falling broke the glass—I did not see the window.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you heard an alarm of fire before you heard the breaking of glass? A. No. I heard it almost momentarily afterwards—I only went through the passage to the door, and then I found a person coming round from a court at the back of the house, calling out that there was a fire.





MARY MASHFORD
. I am sister-in-law to Mr. Hanaford. About half-past three o'clock on the Sunday afternoon I was in the bed-room—there was no smell of turpentine there then—the saucer was then on the washhandstand, with a piece of soap and a nail-brush in it—I left the house about four o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How far was te able from the washhand-stand? A. I think about a yard and a half—the saucer was on the table when I went into the room about nne o'clock—that was after the fire—there were firemen and policemen there then.





JOHN HAYNES
 (policeman, G 155.) I went to this house near upon a quarter to seven o'clock—I found two other constables at the door—I went up stairs to the second-floor bed-room—there were four men there, outside the room—I went into the room a little way—it was full of smoke, and I was obliged to come out—after chucking a great quantity of water in, I tid a handkerchief round my mouth, and went in on my hands and knees, and pulled

the top part of the window down, which got rid of some of the smoke—the cupboard was open, and a quantity of papers there, all burnt—they were in a flame when I first went into the room—they smelt of turps—the firemen came in, removed the bedstead, and there found, in a basket, by the side of the bed, by the fire place, which was blocked up to keep the draft out, some sheeting all alight—I saw it found—the bedstead was close against the fireplace, and so was the basket—it was underneath the bed—there was nothing between the bedstead and the fireplace—the cupboard was at the corner, by the foot of the bed—the side of the bed was to the chimney, and the head towards the door, up against the wall—the fireplace almost faced the door——the window was on the left hand, and the cupboard in the corner, between the fireplace and the window—the cupboard door opened flush with the wall—a table was under the window, against it—the cupboard was almost at the end of the bed—if you walk down the side of the bed next the wall, and opposite the door, you would pass the chimney-piece, then come to the cupboard, and the window faces the foot of the bed—the cupboard door comes down to the floor—the cupboard was between the foot of the bed and the window—it was quite clear of the foot of the bed—there was quite room for it to open—when it opened, it fell back towards the window—the open part would be nearest the fireplace, the basket, and bedstead—the cupboard shelves were about a yard from the bed-curtains—the foot of the bed was about a foot from the chimney-board—the bed was close against the wall originally—the firemen pulled it out when they found this basket—the curtains were burnt from the foot up to the head—there was only the back part left—I did not see whether the curtains had been drawn down to the foot, or whether the lower part of the bedstead or curtains were burnt—I did not notice the table till about five minutes after the firemen came in—there was a saucer on the table—I examined it, and there was about a table-spoonfull of turps and water it it—I saw the prisoner in the passage when I first entered the house—I did not see him up stairs till Mr. Hanaford was fetched—I did not give directions for her to be fetched—she came up stairs, and the prisoner with her—he said nothing in my presence—I found this glass bottle in the yard, by the side of the water-butt—it contained about a tablespoonful of pure turpentine—I saw the firemen pull the cash—boxes out of the cupboard, when Mr. Hanaford asked for them, upon being asked for the policy, and I carried them down stairs—they were not wide open then—they were undone, as they are now—I heard Mr. Hanaford send the prisoner to fetch her husband from chapel—that was about three-quarter of an hour after I got there.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did Mr. Hanaford come? A. I cannot say—Mr. Hanaford sent for him directly she came—I never had the turps and water in my possession—I only knew what it was by smelling it—I cannot tell what proportion of water there was—I had thrown full a dozen and a half pails of water into the room—there had been four pails in use—they had been in the yard, where we found the tin can in which the turpentine was—I do not know whether there had been any turpentine in any of those pails, or whether any of them had been knocked over—the whole room smelt very much of turpentine—I went into the room on my hands and knees—I do not know how anybody else went in, or whether anybody went in before I came—I found four people at the room—door when I went up—none of them are here—the prisoner did not tell me that there was valuable property of his master's, upon which he was working, on the drawers in the room.


MR. HEDDLESTON. Q. Did you see the tin can in the yard? A. No; another constable brought it up stairs—I know nothing about it—the bottle I found was lying on its side, with the cork in it—nothing had escaped from that, as far as I know—Sergeant Brown was with me.





WALTER HENRY BROWN
 (policeman-sergeant, G 16.) On this Sunday I went to the house between seven and half-past, and found the prisoner there, with Mr. Hanaford, in the back parlour—these two boxes were produced—I asked if there was anybody to send for Mr. Hanaford, and the prisoner went—I went with the firemen into the top back bed-room—I noticed the door—there was a slight indent between the door and the wood-work, as though a screwdriver, or something of that sort, had been pushed in—there were two marks, one about six inches below, and the other about six inches above, the lock—I went to the cupboard door; it was wide open, and on one of the shelves, where the cash box was, close against the wall, and in front of the cash-box, was a quantity of paper—this burnt paper and pitch was by the side of the cash-box—a quantity of loose paper had been on fire, and this pitch was between it—the paper was very wet with turpentine and water—there was full half a bushel of paper, beside that which was burnt—the lock of the cash-box appeared to be towards the wall, and immediately over the cash-box, on the next shelf, was this hare's foot—the paper was on the shelf where the cash-box was, and on the shelf above it—there was an indent on the cupboard door, as though a screwdriver or some instrument had been used to force it open—it was near the lock, but more towards the door, so as to release the lock from the door, as if by being prised—it had been forced back—the bolt of the lock had been released from the hasp—the bolt was shot when I saw it—I compared the marks with a screwdriver which Mr. or Mr. Hanaford gave me out of the back kitchen—it appeared that the same instrument had been used to open both doors—I have brought the cupboard door here, but not the room door—the marks on the bed-room door corresponded with those on the cupboard door—the cash-box was on a shelf, and above that was another shelf, on which there was a quantity of loose paper, and just projecting over the shelf above the box was this hare's foot, quite saturated with turpentine, and the whole of the paper on both shelves was sprinkled with turpentine—the shelves were burnt a very little at the edge—at the top part of the bed-room door the paint was blistered by the fire, as though the fire had escaped after the door was opened—the bed furniture and some part of the things were burnt, and the chimney-board—I saw pitch in the cupboard and on the papers—the centre part of the paper was much more burnt than that above and below—that was n the shelf that the box was on—the edges of the paper above were burnt—some of the papers which were not burnt had stains of turpentine on them—I did not notice any marks of turpentine on the cupboard door—when his master came home, the prisoner and he went with me into the bed-room—I asked the prisoner how the fire originated—he said he did not know—I asked how he first discovered it—he told me he thought it was on the first floor, that he went there, and found it was not there, he went to the second floor, and found it was in his mistress's bed-room—I asked if the door was open, and he said it was shut—I asked bow he got it open—said he got a pair of tongs, and gave it a blow, it then gave way a little, and he pushed the remainder open with his hand—I examined the door—there were no marks of tongs on it—the prisoner was given into custody about eleven o'clock—he said, "It looks very black against me; I am innocent I not care for myself, only for my poor

mother"—I asked him, in his master's presence, in the bed-room, if he knew that his master had any money—he said, "Yes," he should judge he had, from buying a stamp only a day or two before, which he gave 6d., for—in the outer cash-box there was an indenture of apprenticeship—I found grazes of some small instrument on both cash-boxes—I cannot say that that was done with the same instrument that the marks on the door were done with.

Cross-examined. Q. What tie dod you come? A. Between seven and half-past—I did not find the bed-room full of water, it was swamped with water—I first saw the cash-boxes down stairs, on the table—the papers was on the shelves—I did not say not that there were papers above the box and below it; I said above and below the shelf—I did see the box on the shelf, but I saw it first down stair—there were no papers down stair then, with the exception of those that were in the box—I took the boxes up stairs for the firemen to show me how they were found—I said nothing to Mr. Hanaford about giving the boy in custody before he did so—I did not tell him that if he did not give the boy in custody the fire-office would prosecute him—no such thing was said, to my knowledge—I said it was a suspicious matter—the fire was quite out when I got to the house—I am a police-sergeant—while I was waiting for my men, I heard to the there was a fire in Rahere-street, and went there—my men were engaged at the house—I first began to question the boy about eight o'clock, when his master came home with him from chapel—it might have occupied ten minutes—I did not cross-examine him for half an hour—there were no cross questions—I asked him who his acquaintances were, and if he had a sweetheart, that was all—I did not ask him if he had been to a public-house or a private-house—I swear I did not.





GABRIEL GRAVETT
 (policeman, G 235.) I was on duty in the street about half-past six o'clock in the evening—there was an alarm of fire, and I saw the mob run to the house—I went to the house—the door was opened just as I reached it by the prisoner; he said, "The fire is here, come in;" and several people entered just before me, and I followed—he said it was is the back bed-roomn, second floor—after I had gone in I closed the door, to keep anybody else from coming in—I went up stairs, and saw the room was fall of fire—I came down, and sent for the engine and the turncock—I could not go into the room on account of the fire and smoke—the door was open;—the prisoner said he went up stairs, and broke it open with the tongs, and then discovered the fire was there, and that he came down stairs and opened the door directly—he told me that just after I entered the house—I did not examine the room door—I was not down stairs more than two or three minutes; when I went up again there was nobody in the room that I am aware of—I could not see any one, and I believe there was not—they were then throwing water into the room—the fire was as bad as it had been—I saw Haynes go into the room on his hands and knees; that was ten minutes after I had come up—I had been down stairs to the passage, to prevent people coming in, and when I returned he went in—the fire was then to some extent subdued—I saw the prisoner on the stairs while the water was being carried up—he repeated several times that his master kept some property and his work in that room, and I told Haynes if he could find a desk, or anything portable, he had better bring it out—I cannot say whether the prisoner was present then—I asked the prisoner if he knew what his master kept his property in, and he said, "No. "

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did no he appear desirous that

somebody should go immediately into the room to secure the property? A. No; I dare say that was his object in mentioning it—five or six people went into the house with me—there were none there before me—I swear there were not a dozen there—I do not know whether Watkins was there or not—I suppose it was about half-past six o'clock—I was there before Sergeant Brown—the prisoner never asked me to go in and secure the property—he said two or three times, and perhaps four, that his master kept his work and his property there—I dare say he was anxious to get it out—I believe he did not repeat two or three times his wish to get his master's property and work out of the bedroom—I did not hear him say so—I do not recollect it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were the three or four persons that were up at the bedroom when you got there, all persons who had come in at the same time as you? A. Yes.

MR. CLARKSON
to
EDWARD WATKINS. Q. Were there any policemen going in when you went in? A. No, none went up stairs with me.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How long were you in before you saw them? A. They were stationed at the door when I went in—I do not know whether any of the followed me or not.





JOHN CRUMPTON
. I belong to the Whitecross-street Fire Brigade. I went to the house about ten minutes to seven o'clock—Gravett opened the door for me—I went up stairs, and found Haynes there—the fire was not quite extinguished—the boards before the fire-place were nearly burnt through—there was a basket of linen under the bed, one end of which was burnt—I asked the prisoner how he had discovered the fire—he said by the falling of glass, or something similar, down at the back, from the back window—I understood him to mean the back of that house—I did not ask him any questions about it—he said he got into the room by breaking the door open with a pair of tongs; and he had been in the room once before, three months before—I was the first person that too the tin boxes out of the cupboard—they were open.





HENRY HANAFORD

re-examined. This hare's foot, which has been produced, is a thing which I use in my trade—I had several of them, and generally kept them in that cupboard—I also keep tools of different kinds there—the hare's foot was shown to me on the night of the fire—it smelt of turpentine, to the best of my recollection—I can say with respect to the papers, but not with respect to the hare's foot, my memory does not serve me—I think it very probable that I might have ad a hare's foot there that day, because of my having them there—I never use hare's feet for turpentine—I use them to sweep up the gold cuttings, which I take from the engraved articles—I never had any turpentine in that closet.

MR. BODKIN. Q. To what amount is your property insured? A. To 100l., but I consider it to be worth about 200l.





WALTER HENRY BROWN

re-examined. I noticed the hare's foot when I found it; it was quite saturated with turpentine.

MRS. HANAFORD
re-examined. A person named Davis, who is here, came to the Church, and gave me information of the fire.





ELIZABETH DAVIS
. I received the information about half-past six o'clock, as near as I can recollect.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you passing the door, hearing the alarm, or seeing the fire, did you go in? A. I went in, and asked the prisoner where his mistress was—he told me she was at church, and I went to the church to fetch her.

(



John Winter, wine-merchant, st. Helen's-walk; 


Martha william, widow Windmill-street. Finsbury; 



Isaac White, tailor, 28. Tabernacle-walk, Finsbury; 


T. J. Morgan, 19 Singleton-street, Hoxton; 


John Oldrey, 


Thomas Perrott, and 


Charles Perrott, lodgers in the house in question; 



James Holliday, painter; and Mr. Hanaford, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor.—


Transported for Seven Year.

