




2637. 




WILLIAM BARTLETT
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
14th of October, 84 lbs. weight of chrome yellow, value 4l. 4s.; 28 lbs. weight of a certain colour called English pink, value 8s.; and 2 lbs. weight of rose-pink, value 10d.; the goods of 



Richard Ballard, his master: and 




DAVID DAVIES



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD BALLARD
. I am a paper-hanger in Cross-street, Finsbury. Bartlett came into my employ in July last, as a colour-maker, he had access to these colours. On the 13th of October I missed some chrome yellow—in consequence of information, I went down on the 14th, and I said, "Bartlett, I understand you and your friend Brown, last evening, have been carrying my colour away; you have been robbing me"—he seemed very much flurried, and said, "I have taken away 1/2 cwt. only"—I said, "Where have you taken it to?"—he said, "Davies's"—I said, "Where is Davies's"—he would not tell me—he said if I would wait till the evening, he should see Davies, by appointment, and get the money, and pay me—I took him to the station-house, and gave him into custody—I went with Power, the policeman, to Davies's house, and knocked at the door—he calls himself a colour-agent—I said, "Well, Mr. Davies, I have not had the pleasure of seeing you for some time; I have a friend outside wants to speak with you; walk in, my friend will be here in a moment," and the officer came in—I said, "Have you been buying colour?"—he said, "Yes, I have"—I said, "Who did you buy it of?"—he said, "Bartlett"—I said, "You know very well that it is my colour"—he said, "No," he did not—he knew Bartlett had a small factory of his own, and he thought it was his—the officer said, "You believe this to be your colour?"—I said, "Yes"—I gave charge of him—Davies said, "I gave him a new hat, worth 10s., for it"—I saw a quantity of colour there, it was brought away in a cab—the value of the whole must be, at least, 5l.—a colour-agent, or any body in the trade, must have known it was worth more than 10s.—I did not go up into the bed-room—this is some of the colour—beside the yellow chrome there was 7 cwt. of rose-pink—the whole of the colour was not present when I asked Davis what he gave for it, some of it was up stairs—I suppose they brought down 20 or 30 lbs. weight out of the upper room after that—there was 20 or 25 lbs. weight of colour in the back-room, on the floor, for which he said he gave the man the hat, that was worth about 3l. 10s.—I had not an opportunity of weighing it—I did not go into the bed-room—he said that which was

brought down stairs he had bought of Bartlett, and that he had bought a great many lots of him previously, and thought it was all right—I made this colour myself—there are streaks of white right through it, which enable me to know it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are there no streaks of white in any other chrome? A. Not that I know of—there is better and worse colour than this—I have used better and worse—this piece is a very good one, this other is inferior—I could swear this colour was mine if I saw it a hundred miles off, if I had been informed the robbers had come that way.

Bartlett. Mr. Ballard gave me instructions to sell these colours, as he was in the paper-staining line—he did not wish it to be known that he was in the colour line. Witness. Never; nor did I ever sell a pound of colour in my life—it was made for my own use.





DENNIS POWER
 (police-sergeant H 18.) Bartlett was given into my custody, he denied all knowledge of this. I went to Davies, and saw him—I went into the back-room—I saw a quantity of colour in lumps on the floor, this is a portion of it—MR. Ballard identified it as soon as be saw it—I asked Davies where he got it—he immediately said, "I bought it from Bartlett"—I asked what he gave for it, he said, "A new hat, which Bartlett has now got on"—here are two bags of chrome, which I believe Davies's daughter brought down from the bed-room—I asked Davies what he gave for that, he said Bartlett had brought it there for samples—there was a small quantity of rose-pink, which the little girl brought down—I weighed the whole of the colour, there was 116 lbs.

Cross-examined. Q. The two bags were not brought down when Davies said he gave the hat? A. Certainly not—there was about 40lbs. there then—I have since ascertained this chrome to be a very bad description of colour—this piece is what I am told is called English pink, which is worth about 16s. a cwt.





JAMES BALDWIN
. I am a paper-stainer, and live in St. John-street. Bartlett came to me on the 9th of October, to show me some samples of colour, they were similar to those now produced—I bought 1/2 a cwt. For 8s.—a sample would not weigh above an ounce—I should not call 40 lbs. a sample—I bought some lake at 6d. per lb.

BARTLETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DAVIES—


NOT GUILTY
.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

