



1107. 




EDWARD ANDREWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of January, at 

Paddington, 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 pair of scissors, value 1l. 10s.; 3 knives, value 13s.; 2 scent-boxes, value 5s.; 2 breast-pins, value 4s.; 1 locket, value 5s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 5s.; 2 brooches, value 10s.; 2 books, value 1s.; 1 necklace, value 8s.; 4 rings, value 1l.; 1 veil, value 5s.; 1 watch-key, value 3s.; and part of another necklace, value 1s., the goods of 



Ann Longfellow, in her dwelling-house.






REBECCA REID
. I was in the service of Miss Ann Longfellow, No. 11, Berkeley-street west. On the 29th of January the prisoner came, between twelve and four o'clock, and gave his name as Henry—he said he had seen Miss Longfellow get into an omnibus, and she had sent him to clean two front bed-room windows, and that he was to get his dinner with me—I was servant of all work—I said I did not think Miss Longfellow had sent him to clean the windows, because she had a man who constantly cleaned them—he said she did, and I gave him some water and a cloth to go and clean them—I did not know him before—I am quite certain it was the prisoner—he went up and stopped till I got the dinner ready in the kitchen—I then called him—he came down, and went out for a pint of beer—when he had dined he helped me shake the stair carpets—he went up stairs again, and came down while I was cleaning the front parlour—he said he must go out a little while, and would come back and finish—he went out, and I looked after him, but could not see him—he never returned—he had not cleaned the windows—he left between two and three o'clock, as near as I can guess—I went up-stairs about five o'clock, and found a bundle of shoes on the bed which 1 had never seen before—Miss Longfellow came back between nine and ten o'clock—I told her what had occurred—she went up-stairs directly, with me, and discovered that her boxes were broken open—I saw that myself.





ANN LONGFELLOW
. I live in Berkeley-street west—I rent the house—my sister lives with me—the house is kept at my expense, and is in the parish of Paddington. On the 29th of January I left home between nine and ten o'clock in the morning—I returned about half-past ten o'clock at night—I knew the prisoner about two years and a half ago, or more, he was then employed to drive my phaeton and look after the horses—he was my out-door servant, and was employed occasionally in-doors to clean knives—I did not desire him, on the 29th of January, to come and clean my windows—I did not see him—I did not, at any time, desire him to clean them—I met him in Dorset-square, about two months back—when I returned on the 29th I found three boxes broken open, and the property stated gone—the value, altogether, is fifteen guineas—the gold watch is worth ten guineas.





GEORGE HAWKINGS
. I am shopman to Mr. Webb, a pawnbroker, in High-street, Kensington. The prisoner came to our shop at different times—on the 15th of March he pledged two fruit-knives for 4s., on the 9th of March a ring for 7s., and on the 17th of March a pin for 1s.,—I did not know him before—I am quite sure of him.





MATTHEW KILLINGSWORTH
. I am shopman to Mr. Perkins, a pawn-broker, in King's-road, Chelsea. On the 1st of February the prisoner came to our shop and pawned a veil for 5s.; on the 3rd, 2 books for

4s.; on the 6th, 2 scent-boxes, a pin, a locket, a knife, and ear-rings for 8s.; on the 11th, a pair of silver grape scissors for 13s.; and on the 26th, a gold watch for 2l.—he gave the name of Joseph Thompson.





THOMAS EASTLAND
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 19th of March at the White Hart public-house, in Earl's-court, Kensington—I found twenty-two duplicates in a parlour which the landlord showed me.





AMBROSE GEORGE WALLIS
. I keep the White Hart public-house, in Earl's-court, Kensington. On Tuesday, the 17th of March, the prisoner came to my house, and slept in a back room up stairs—he was at my house the principal part of Tuesday evening—he did not bring any thing with him, to my knowledge—he did not pay for his bed when he left in the morning—he did not return—when I came home I went into his room, and found a box broken open—the prisoner was not in the parlour that morning—he was the evening before with several others, but not alone—I pointed out the room to Eastland.





THOMAS EASTLAND

re-examined. I found two watch keys on the prisoner, which the prosecutrix identified.

Prisoner. It was not this man that first apprehended me—it was two of Mr. Wallis's men—he called me out of the parlour, and took me before Mr. Wallis returned. Witness. I had received information at the station-house before about the prisoner, and I had seen Mr. Wallis.

MISS. LONGFELLOW
re-examined. These two watch-keys are mine—and this mourning ring has my name on it—the gold watch I gave sixteen guineas for—all these articles are mine, and were safe in this box when I left home on the 29th of January.

Prisoner's Defence. I was not at the house on the day named; on the following day, going up Edgeware-road, I met a young man who gave his name Thompson; he said, "Will you be kind enough to do a small job for me? I have had a few things left me by a friend, I don't like to pledge them myself, but if you will pledge them for me, I will make you a recompence," I pledged one thing one day for him, and so on by degrees; I met him several days afterwards; he told me where to meet him; I was not near the house, neither did I touch the things, he told me to pawn them in the name of Thompson.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
