





1032. 




CHARLES SPEED
 and 




EDWARD BACKHAM
 were indicted for

 a burglary in the dwelling-house of 



William Edwards, at 

St. John, Wapping, and stealing 3 watches, value 16l.; 1 tea-pot, 15l.; 23 spoons, 9l.; 2 snuff-boxes, 5l.; 1 eye-glass, 2l.; 1 seal, 3l.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, 10s.; 1 pair of ear-drops, 1l.; 1 musical box, 1l. 1 knife, 4s.; 1 fork, 4s.; and 1 box, 1s. 6d.; his property: and 




ELLEN FITZGERALD



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.






GRACE EDWARDS
. I am the wife of William Edwards, of Neptune-street, Wellington-square, in the parish of St. John, Wapping; it is our dwelling-house.

On the 22nd of April, at eight o'clock at night, I left our house shut up securely, and no one in it—I locked the street-door with a spring-lock—on returning, at ten, I found a box of lucifers on the kitchen-table—I missed the articles stated in the indictment?—the door must have been opened by a false key—the drawer in the bed-room was pulled out, and the watches, tea-spoons, gold eye-glass, silver-mounted tea-pot, and other articles, gone—the tablespoons were taken from the kitchen—the value of all the property taken is about 40l.

Backham, Q. Was all the property in one room? A. No—no drawers were broken—it would take about half an hour to commit the robbery.





ELIZABETH SANDERS
. I am the wife of Joseph Sanders, who keeps the Blue Anchor public-house, in Parsons-street On the 23rd of April the prisoner Speed came to the bar and said, "Can you led me e watch-key to wind up my watch"—I said, "If you will give it me I will do it for you"—he handed it to me—seeing it was a gold watch, from his appearance, I suspected him, and asked if it was his own—he said yes—I asked where he bought it—he said he purchased it in the street of a man—I said, "What did you give for it?"—he said, "Five pounds"—I asked him to allow me to show it to a friend—I then sent my husband for a policeman—while he was gone the prisoner said, "Will you give me that watch, if you are not going to wind it up?"—I said, "Will you wait a few moments?—I afterwards said, "I must give it to the constable, and you also"—he said it was his own property, and he had purchased it of a man in the street for 5l—I gave it to the constable who took him in charge.

Speed. Q. When you took the watch, did I remain in front of the bar, or go out? A. You remained there till I had opened the parlour door, then you went to go out, and my servant walked out to look after you—he just went outside to prevent any one going away from the door—I believe the prisoner was aware of that, and there was a gentleman there.





JOHN GRAY
 (police-constable H 204.) On the night of the 23rd of April I found Speed in front of Mr. Sanders's bar—I asked if he had a watch to sell—he said he had one, and had given it to the landlady to wind up, as he had no key—Mrs. Sanders gave it to me—Speed claimed it, and said he had bought it of a Jew for five guineas—I asked why he did not buy the key—he said he had no more money—I found 1l. 3s. 6d. on him, a skeleton key, two latch-keys, and a knife—I found a watch-key in his fob pocket, and this leather case for a watch—on returning from the station to the public-house, in the middle of the road where we had crossed with the prisoner, I found this skeleton key—I applied it to the lock of the prosecutor's door—it opened it—I went to a house in Moneybag-alley, Whitechapel, and found the prisoners Backhatn and Fitzgerald in bed together, and a box of tools there, containing a saw, chisel, file, centre awl, and latch-key—the prisoners mentioned Speed's name—there was a pocket by the side of the bed, and in that I found 6s. and a pair of wire ear-rings—Backham and Fitzgerald made a violent resistance, and in the scuffle, or going to the station, I lost the wire rings—Backham struck me in the room, and at the station.





ROBERT JOHN O'BRIEN
 (police-constable H 5.) I went to the prosecutor's house, and tried the key Gray gave me, to the door—it unlocked it—I went to Moneybag-alley, and found Backham and Fitzgerald in bed—(I had seen Speed there about six weeks previously)—under the stairs, level with the bed-room, I found a tea-pot, four skeleton and two latch keys—a pair of earrings were found in Fitzgerald's pocket, and the constable lost them—at the Police-court Fitzgerald said the female turnkey had taken the ear-rings out of her ears.






PIERCE DRISCOLL
 (police-constable H 24.) I went with the other constables to this house, and searched the back room, where Backham and Fitzgerald were apprehended—I found a tortoiseshell box in the stuffing of the sofa—I have seen Speed and Backham in company repeatedly for the last twelve months—I knew Speed lived close by there, with a woman who was apprehended before this.





ELIZA NELSON
. I live in Neptune-court, opposite Messrs. Edwards's house—on Wednesday night, the 22nd of April, I saw the prisoner, Speed, come out of the door of the house between nine and ten o'clock—I am sure it was after nine—there was another man with him—I believe it to be Backham—the door was slammed, and they walked down the street towards Well-street—I have frequently seen Speed before and knew him—it was about a quarter to ten o'clock.

Speed. Q. What are you? A. I live with my mother who takes in washing—I was never on the town—Mrs. Sanders did not tell me to say I washed for my mother, if you had counsel—you did not cross Wellclose-square—I saw your face at first, and cannot be mistaken—I took particular notice of Backham, but do not swear to him—I heard of the robbery about an hour after.





THOMAS HARRINGTON
. I am waiter at the Blue Anchor—I saw all the three prisoners in the tap-room on Thursday, the 23rd April, the night Speed asked for the key of the watch—they had a glass of rum and water together, which Speed paid for—he produced the watch—I saw it again when mistress had it.

Speed. Q. How long had I been drinking there? A. Three quarters of an hour—I did not see you till about half-past eleven o'clock—I did not go outside to see that you did not run away when you left the bar—a gentleman there asked where you got the watch—you said at a stall in Petticoat-lane.

MRS. EDWARDS. This tortoiseshell box is mine, and was taken from the parlour mantle-shelf—the tea-pot and watch are mine, and this leather case is the case I kept my watch in.

Speed's Defence. Some of the circumstances against me may appear ugly, but I shall endeavour to clear them to your satisfaction, and account for the possession of the property, though you may say it is a very lame account, still it is true; I had occasion to go to Blackwall to receive some money, and see an old ship-mate off, on Thursday morning; I met Fitzgerald, with whom I lodge, about six o'clock; I proceeded towards Wellclose-square; my attention was attracted to a small bundle just inside the railing; I found it was a tea-pot in a handkerchief and a bunch of skeleton keys; I did not know they were skeleton, and found in it a small box with the watch in a small bag; I took the bundle home; I knocked at the door and received no answer; I put the things in a closet under the stairs, keeping the watch and box in my pocket; I went to Blackwall, intending when I returned to see if I could find the owner of the property: I came home between one and two o'clock: I did not mention the circumstances to Fitzgerald, but laid down on the sofa and went to sleep, as I had been drinking; I awoke between six and seven o'clock and left the box on the sofa: it is a very old sofa, and the box might easily mix among the hay; I went to look for Backham at two or three public-houses, and at last found him at the Blue Anchor; I called for rum and water; I did not mention the circumstance to him, but when I pulled out the money for the drink I brought out the watch at the same time: I went to the bar, not to get a key, but merely to find out whether such property had been lost; the Blue Anchor is but a short distance from the prosecutor's, and a likely place to find out if such a thing had been lost; I did not tell Mrs.

Sanders I had found the watch: I told the man I had bought it; when the policeman came I told him the same story, and said he had no business to ask me questions; I should have told everything at the station, but I was used in a most violent manner; he knocked my teeth out, and I refused to answer questions; it is not likely I should have gone to the immediate neighbourhood of the robbery if I was the actual robber; the female who says she saw me come out of the house did not come before the Magistrate for nine days afterwards; the policeman brought her to my cell; she immediately pointed to me; it is a very underhanded sort of way to let witnesses identify prisoners in a cell; it is a conspiracy altogether; the witness is not a servant, but has been on the town for many years.

Backham's Defence. I have known Speed some time; he got out of work and asked me to let him sleep in my room, as he could not pay his rent; he slept on the old sofa; I knew nothing of the robbery, till I was afterwards drinking with him at the time he was taken into custody; I then went home to bed: about half-past three o'clock the policeman broke open my door and dragged me and the female out of bed: it was a very indecent thing: I did not at the time know what it was about; I know nothing about the box: it was at the back of the sofa:—at the time the robbery was done a witness will prove I was at his house till nine o'clock at night; the witness says it would take half an hour to commit the robbery; the woman says she saw me at a quarter to ten o'clock, and how could I come from St. Giles's church to this place in a quarter of an hour.?—the tools are not mine.

Fitzgerald's Defence. I am innocent; the ear-rings were my own.





JOSEPH CLARKE
. I am a tobacconist and cigar-maker, and live in Drury-lane. Backham wrote to ask me to come here—he has worked for me pretty well twelve months at cigar making—On Wednesday, the 22nd of April, he was at work from about half-past nine o'clock in tire morning to about a quarter past nine at night—he works in the top room—my niece also works there, and a lad in the same room—they are not here—they knew I was coming—the prisoner only worked there half a day on the Monday, the whole day on Tuesday—he might leave about half-past eight o'clock on Tuesday, or it might be nine.

Q. Why do you recollect Wednesday better than Tuesday? A. Since he has written to us, we have called to recollection the particulars—he wrote about a week ago.

Q. What makes you speak indistinctly about Tuesday, and so clear about Wednesday? A. We have called it to our recollection on purpose—the young parties in the place, the lad particularly, recollects it—he is not here—I do not work in the room, but he passed out through the shop, and had a shilling as he went out, which he generally does, taking the balance on Saturday—nothing particular happened on Wednesday to call this to my recollection—he did not come on Thursday—Wednesday was the last time he came—I cannot say exactly to a minute at what time he left—I can to five minutes—I did not look at any clock—I know it was after nine, because I went out myself—I know it was not a quarter past eight o'clock by the time of night—the gas had been lighted a good while, we generally lighted it about eight o'clock—we pay by piece-work—we keep an account of the number of cigars we make—the person who could tell the number we made that day is not here—I know nothing of Back ham's private character—I never saw Speed.

SPEED— —


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

BACKHAM— —


GUILTY
. Aged 27.





Transported for Ten Years.


FITZGERALD—


NOT GUILTY
.
