



1868. 




JOHN ROWEN, alias
 Richards

, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of June, 1 copper, value 1l.; the goods of 



James Hilson; and fixed to a building, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES HILSON
. I keep a public-house in High-street, Whitechapel. On the 21st of June, I saw the prisoner in my tap-room, about nine or ten o'clock in the evening, for about an hour, or a little longer—I did not observe him go away—I had a copper fixed in the brickwork in my wash-house, which I had seen safe in the course of the day—a person can go out of

the tap-room into the yard, and out by the yard door without coming through the tap-room again—I missed the copper—that now produced is mine—I did not know the prisoner before.

Prisoner. Q. What do you know the copper by? A. The wash-house was being whitewashed that day, and there are spots of whitewash inside the copper, and it was half full of dirty water, and there is the mark of it all round.





ROBERT GEORGE COOKE
. On the evening of the 21st of June I saw a man come out of the prosecutor's yard, carrying a copper in his hand—I cannot say it was the prisoner—I went in and informed the prosecutor, and he missed his copper.





GEORGE BALL
. I am a policeman. About ten o'clock, on the 21st of June, I met the prisoner in Milton-street, Whitechapel, carrying the copper—I asked where he brought it from, he said, from New-cut, Lambeth, and he had given 7s. 6d. for it—I asked where he lived—he said in Bishopsgate-street Within—I asked which way he brought the copper—he first said over Blackfriars-bridge, and then over London-bridge, down Aldgate and Whitechapel—I said it was very strange he should bring it so out of his way, I did not believe him—he said I was an officious fellow, and if he could not satisfy me he could satisfy my superiors—I took him to the station—this is the copper.

Prisoner. You will not take the oaths of such a set as these, they will swear any thing.





SYLVANUS GILL
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was at the trial—he is the same person.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

