



2165. 




WILLIAM ROBINSON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 bed-rug, value 3s.; the goods of 



Robert Bowie and others.






BENJAMIN JEFFRIES.
 I am wardsman at the East London Model Lodging-house, Glasshouse-yard, East Smithfield—Messrs. Robert Bowie and son and Russell Gurney are the proprietors—the prisoner had been lodging there about two months before he was taken—we lost a rug from the bed he used—it has never been found—the prisoner did not absent himself from the house afterwards—I could not tell whether it was him that took it.





THOMAS STEVENS.
 I am a labourer, and lodge at the New Model Lodging-house, Glasshouse-yard. About the 2nd or 3rd of Aug. I was going to my bed, which was next to the prisoner's—I saw him sitting up, half dressed, trying to put the rug into a bag—it was two or three inches in the bag—he concealed it—about five minutes afterwards I was standing at the kitchen-door, and saw the prisoner go out with the bag, and shortly afterwards I saw the rug was gone from his bed—I did not make it known, as there was such a set of ruffians there—I was afraid of them—I had my eyes blackened since—the prisoner joined me where I was at work, at Nicholson's-wharf—I asked where he had been—he said, "Down to Moorfields, and sold it for 2s."—the same evening I was served out with a clean pair of sheets—next morning I folded them up, took them into the room, and put them under my bed, and when I came home that evening they were gone—I was going to work the next morning with William Clark and the prisoner—I accused him of taking the sheets.





JOHN SHAW.
 I live at the New Model Lodging-house, Glasshouse-yard. I was in the yard on a Monday morning, and saw the prisoner going out with a bag full of something under his left arm.





BENJAMIN JEFFRIES

re-examined. Q. When was it you missed the rug? A. In the beginning of Aug.—that tallies with the time spoken of by Stevens—it was three weeks afterwards the prisoner was given in charge.





THOMAS KELLY
 (policeman H 119.) I took the prisoner—he said be knew nothing about it.

Prisoner's Defence. Stevens was drinking with m eat Mr. Gant's, at the corners of Tower-hill, on Sunday, and on Monday we got intoxicated and had a little row; he said he would do something for me; he went home next morning; I asked him what he was going to do for me; he said, "I will let you know;" He went away, and after I went home to dinner he got the policeman and gave me in charge; I know nothing about the rug; the house is open at all hours of the night.






THOMAS STEVENS

re-examined. The prisoner slept in No. 128 and I in No. 127—I slept in the kitchen the night before—when I told the servant about it, he gave me a black eye—there is such a set of ruffians there, I have had my eyes blackened since that—I can appeal to the officer—the prisoner belongs to a gang of thieves.





THOMAS KELLY

re-examined. Stevens has been beaten and his eyes blackened—I advised him to go to a Magistrate, but we could not get the person who did it.




GUILTY. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
