




1902. 




WILLIAM SULLIVAN
 and 




JAMES GRIFFITHS, alias
HORAN
, were indicted for

 stealing 1 pair of boots, value 14s.; the goods of 



Thomas Moore; and that they had both been before convicted of felony.






JOHN FRANCIS SHEARGOLD.
 I am shopman to Thomas Moore, of No.30, Lamb's Conduit-street, boot-maker. On the 11th of Aug., about half-past twelve o'clock in the day, I was in the shop, and saw Sullivan take a pair of boots from inside the door, and hand them to some one outside—I saw Griffiths with them in his hand—Sullivan is lame, he a crutch; I caught hold of him—a person passing laid hold of Griffiths—I saw him drop the boots, I picked them up, and threw them inside the shop—they said they did not touch the boots, and did not know anything about them.





CHARLES WAKE.
 On the 11th of Aug., in the afternoon, I saw Sullivan in Mr. Sheargold's custody—Griffiths was close to Sullivan, holding these he tried to run away, struck me very violently on the month, and made it bleed.

Griffiths. Q. You tore the buttons from my shirt? A. I took hold of your collar, you rolled yourself into the gutter, and tore your own things—it was your own fault.





EDWARD BAKER
 (policeman E 124.) I took prisoners into custody, and saw Mr. Wake bleeding from the month—the minute Griffiths saw me he said, "I will go quietly."

Sullivan's Defence. I was looking into the shop, at some slippers; if he had seen me take the boots, he would have taken me immediately, but he touched me on the shoulder, then walked away, and took hold of this lad.

Griffiths' Defence. I was looking into the next shop window; I did not drop the boots; I had nothing to do with them.





JOHN JAMES ALLEN
 (policeman E 159.) I produce a certificate of Sullivan's former conviction—(read—Convicted Nov., 1846, and confined six months; having been before convicted of felony)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.






ROBERT ROBINSON
 (policeman N 427.) I produce a certificate of Griffiths former conviction—(read—Convicted Feb., 1847, and confined six months.)

SULLIVAN—


GUILTY. Aged 18.

GRIFFITHS—


GUILTY
 Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.

