



786. 




RICHARD STEELE



, stealing, whilst employed in the Post-office, a certain post letter, contained one sovereign, the property of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster-general:—other Counts, for embezzling and secreting the same.


MESSRS. CLARKSON and BODKIN
conducted the prosecution.






WALTER ROBINSON SOUTHORPE.
 I am one of the presidents of the London district in the Post-office. The prisoner has been employed there some years as clerk at the Hampton divison, and received a salary of 110l. a year—a letter addressed to a person at Bettersca-field would go to the Hampton division—on 17th Feb., in consequence of something that reached me, I spoke to the prisoner as he was leaving the office—he had hold of the handle of the door leading to the water-closets—I said, "oh, you have not signed in the right place this morning"—he said, "I will attend to that when I come up"—I said, "No; attend to it at once"—he then returned, and walked into the signing-room, close to the president's room—I opened the door of the president's room, and said, "Step in"—I took him into the room, and said, "I suspect you have got a letter in your pocket"—he made no answer—I said, "Then you have a letter in your pocket; give it to me"—he

put his hand into his frock coat pocket, and took out this letter, sealed—it had the appearance of containing money—I said, "What were you going to do with it?"—he said, "I was going to deliver it"—I said, "Are you a letter-carrier?"—he said, "No"—I said, "You have stole it"—he made no answer—the officer was sent for, and he was given into custody—the letter was afterwards opened at Bow-street in his presence, and it contained a sovereign—it was not his duty to interfere with letters for the purpose of delivery, or for any purpose whatever out of the room—the letter bears the stamp of the Post-office, but it is very faint—it finishes with "sell," which would be part of the word "Walsall"—the date is the 17th—a letter posted the day before at Walsall, would come to the Post-office that morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE.
Q. There are three sorters, are there not? A. Yes—the sorters have no business with the delivery—it would be a fault to have a letter in their possession—the prisoner has been eight years in the Post-office.





MATTHEW PEAK.
 In consequence of the directions of the president, on 17th Feb. I took the prisoner into custody, searched him, and found 8l. 10s. on him.





RICHARD BAKBER.
 I live at New-street, Battersea-fields. On 17th Feb. Mrs. Barber was staying at Walsall, in Staffordshire—this letter is in her writing, and is addressed to me—I opened it before the Magistrate by his direction, and it contained a sovereign.





ANN LONGSTER BARBER.
 I wrote this letter from Walsall on 16th Feb., and addressed it to my husband—I put a sovereign in it, sealed it, and put it in the Post-office at Walsall myself on 16th—(The letter was addressed to Mr. Richard Barber, Queen's Arms, New-street, Bttersea, London.)

MR. WILDE
to
MR. SCULTHORPE.
Q. Have you not known instances where sorters have neglected to sort the letters properly, that they have delivered them themselves? A. Certainly not; it is contrary to the regulations of the office—I do not know of one instance in particular where a sorter took a cab for the express purpose of delivering it.
(John Henley Sheridan gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 25.—


Transported for Twelve Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

