




1529. 




SARAH MIERS
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
Lambeth, I watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 watch-key, 6d.; 6 sovereigns, and 68 half-sovereigns, the property of 



Sarah James, in the dwelling-house of 



George Martin.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH JAMES
. I am servant at the Leopard coffee-house in Queen's bridge-road, Lambeth. The prisoner came to live there about eight months back, and left—I have a room in which I sleep, and in which I had a portmanteau—on the 9th of April I had a box in that portmanteau containing about seven sovereigns and sixty-eight half-sovereigns, the entire result of my earnings during the period of my being in service—I had likewise a silver watch in the box—on Tuesday, April 9th, the prisoner called, and brought me some apples, and a bunch of flowers, and a fuchsia in a pot for my mistress—she said she should like a good washing-up for the afternoon—I understood she meant washing-up the tea-things—that was between twelve and one in the day—she remained with me from that time till between five and six——my bed-room is by the side of the kitchen—that had been my bed-room while she was in the service with me—she had an opportunity, during the time she was there, of going to my bed-room without my knowing it—after she was gone I went into my bed-room to put my frock on—it had been hanging behind the door—the key of the portmanteau was in my frock pocket—I found my frock had been thrown on the bed—the key was still in the pocket—I had no occasion to go to my portmanteau till the following Saturday—I found it still locked, but it had been broken open, and my watch and money was gone—this is the watch now produced—I am sure it was in the box the day the prisoner called—I bad seen it on the Monday night—I did not see the prisoner all the time she was there—I was busy waiting up and down in the coffee-room—she was about the kitchen and scullery, which is on the same floor as my bed-room.





GEORGE MOSELY
. I am a labourer on the South Eastern Railway, and live at Yalding, in Kent. I have been keeping company with the prisoner for about five months—the week before she was taken, she made me a present of two handkerchiefs, a waistcoat, a pair of trowsers, a pair of gloves, and a pair of wristbands—she showed me a watch, and told me she had given 4l. 10s. for it—she did not offer it me as a present—she wished me to take it, and regulate it, and deliver it up to her next day—I took it to her before I heard they were in pursuit of her, and delivered it up—I am quite certain this is the same watch—I know nothing about any sovereigns or half-sovereigns.





WILLIAM BROOM CROSS
 (police-constable G 217.) On the 26th of April I received information, and went to apprehend the prisoner at Red-hill, Waterenbury—I told her what I wanted her for—she said it was the first time she was ever accused of a robbery, but she knew nothing of either the gold watch or the sovereigns—I had not then found the watch or anything—I had mentioned it—I received the watch from Moseley some hours alter taking her into custody—he came to the house, and found me with her in custody, and brought the watch to me with other property—I searched her box, and found some clothing, sheeting, table-cloths, and linen, all new, and these six sovereigns—as I was taking her to the lock-up place, she told me that was the first robbery she ever did commit, and she hoped it would be the last—the Leopard is in the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth.

Prisoner's Defence. The things belong to me, and what I have bad for my own, I shall expect to have again; I have nothing to say to the charge.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

