




30. 




FREDERICK LINTOT
 and 




BENJAMIN LINTOT



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles John Rigby and another, with intent to steal; to which


FREDERICK LINTOT pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM THOMAS BLAKE
. I am shopman to Messrs. Rigby and Co., of 80, Gracechurch-street, brush-makers. We have a warehouse in Bull's Head-passage, in which brushes and articles of that kind are kept—it is over a butcher's shop, occupied by Charles Lintot, the prisoners' brother—having missed brushes on several occasions, on 14th Nov. I and the officer Davis placed ourselves to watch the premises on a shelf about six feet above a hole is the boards, where we suspected an entrance had been made from the butcher's shop—the board was down, so that for anybody to get in they must slide or lift it up—about half-past ten o'clock I heard a noise in that direction, and noticed a part of the flooring being raised—I did not see anybody get through the hole; it was too dark—I—heard a footstep go up stairs—I then spoke to Davis, and got down from the shelf, and went to the hole—Davis turned his light on, and I saw Benjamin Lintot with his head just above the hole—Davis tried to seize him, but he dropped down, and Davis fell in trying to catch him—he got up again, and followed him.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Had you any means of distinctly seeing who it was at the hole? A. No—it was quite dark till Davis turned on his light—I then saw Benjamin Lintot distinctly—I had a full view of him, and have no doubt he is the person.





CHARLES JOHN RIGBY
. I am in partnership with my brother. I came into the butcher's shop when I was-informed of this, and found Frederick Lintot in the custody of an officer.

Cross-examined. Q. Were either of them in your service? A. Frederick was for about four years—I discharged him for coining late in the morning—I have heard that his father was once in a large way of business.





JOHN DAVIS
 (City-policeman, 551). I was watching with Blake—I turned my light on a head that came up the hole—it was Benjamin Lintot—I got on the ladder to secure him—he got down, and I got down after him—the ladder moved, and I fell—I went after him, and secured him—he made no remark—I gave him to another man, returned, and found Frederick—I afterwards searched Benjamin's premises, and found these brushes—(produced).

MR. RIGBY
re-examined. I cannot swear to the brushes—they are such as were in my warehouse.





JOSEPH PINDAR
. I made these brushes for the prosecutor.

BENJAMIN LINTOT—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years. (There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
