




207. 




THOMAS GRIFFIN



, stealing, on 
19th Oct., at 
Greenwich, 1 watch value 6l. 1 watch-guard chain, 4l. 2 brooches, 5s. and 1 diamond ring, 2l. the goods of 



James Buckland, in his dwelling-house.






JAMES BUCKLAND.
 I keep the Coach and Horses, at Greenwich. It is my dwelling-house—on 19th Oct., about eleven in the morning, I left in my bed-room, on the third floor, a watch, a chain, two brooches, and a ring—the watch and chain were on the mantel-piece, and the brooches and rings on the table—I left the door shut, but not locked—I went up again about five in the afternoon, and they were gone—about ten in the evening the witness, Evans, called on me and produced the watch and chain—this now produced is it—this gold brooch is also mine; it was given me by Mrs. Matthew—I know the prisoner by sight—I gave 12l. for the watch and chain, 2l. 10s. for the brooch, and 2l. for the ring.





JOHN EVANS.
 I live in East-lane, Greenwich. On 19th Oct., about a quarter-past seven in the evening, I saw the prisoner in Greenwich—I knew him before—he had a watch and chain round his neck—I afterwards went into the Red Lion public-house, and saw him there—I saw him give the watch to a young man named Fitzgerald, who gave it to a man named Daley to look at—I said I though I knew the owner of if—Daley, upon that, gave it to me, and I took it straight to Mr. Buckland.





REBECCA MATTHEWS.
 I am the wife of William Matthews. On 19th Oct., about five in the afternoon, the prisoner came to our house—I had seen him before—he had a guard round his neck, a watch in his bosom, a ring on his finger, and a brooch in his shirt—this is the brooch—he asked if I would give him a bit of bread—I gave it him, and he said, "Do you want to buy a brooch?"—I said, "What do you want for it?"—he said, "What will you give me?"—I said, "Sixpence"—he said, "Not sixpence"—I said, "I will give you a shilling," and I bought it—I asked how he came by it—he said he found it at the fair—he asked me to buy the ring, but I said I had no more money—I did not ask him how the came by that—on the 20th a neighbour came in, and in consequence of what she said I took the brooch to Mr. Buckland.





ELIZABETH JANE EVANS.
 I saw the prisoner about two o'clock on the morning of 19th Oct.—he had a ring on his right-hand finger, a brooch is his shirt, a chain round his neck, and a watch in his bosom—he came to the door, and said, "Here is a stunning ring"—he took it off, and gave it me to look at—I said it was a diamond—I said, "You never came by this honestly"—he said, "That is nothing to you"—he said he bought the watch for 2l.—I said, "If you had 2l., I should have thought you would have bought a suit of clothes with it"—he said, "I did not but it; I conjured it into my pocket."





JAMES POTTER
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner into custody, and told him I wanted him to go with me about Mr. Buckland's watch—he said he found the watch in his pocket—he said he sold the brooch to a woman at the bottom of the hill for 1s., and that he had found it in his pocket.

Prisoner. You asked me how I came by the things, and I said a young man gave them to me. Witness. You did afterwards.




GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

