



2433. 




JOHN SULLIVAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of October, 1 purse, value 1s. 6d.; 16 sovereigns, 2 half sovereigns, and 1 £10 Bank note, the property of 



Matthew Golightly, in a vessel in a port of entry and discharge; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MATTHEW GOLIGHTLY
. I am master of the brig Ocean, lying in the West India Dock, which is a port of entry and discharge—the prisoner was my cabin-boy. On the 3rd of this month, I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock, leaving my trowsers on a chair next my bed, and in the pocket a purse containing a 10l. note, sixteen sovereigns, and two half sovereigns—I was called up about half-past seven o'clock next morning—my purse and money was then gone, and the prisoner also—I went to his friends, but he was not there—his mother gave me up a sovereign, and his sister a half-sovereign—I found him in custody at the station-house, about one o'clock—he had a new suit of clothes on—this is my purse—(looking at it,) and the one the money was in—I have recovered the 10l. note, fourteen sovereigns and one half-sovereign—the prisoner's wages were 25s. a quarter.





CHARLES HAGAR
 (police-constable K 271.) I went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's parents, in Pitt's-place, Backside—I waited outside while he went in—while there I saw the prisoner pass the end of a court, and from the description I had received, I pursued him some distance—he ran into a private house—I followed him and took hold of him—I asked if his name was Sullivan—he said yes—I asked what ship he belonged to—he said, "None at all"—I found this purse, a 10l. note, and thirteen sovereigns on him—he had a new suit of clothes on.

Prisoner's Defence. I found the purse by the side of an old bucket when went down to clean the cabin, and put it into my pocket—master had been ashore, he came home drunk, and left the money about on purpose to tempt me.






WILLIAM KINNER
. I am a policeman. I got this certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was a witness in the case—the prisoner is the person who was then tried and convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.

