



2712. 




HENRY SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of August, at 

St. Pancras, 17 spoons, value 8l. 8s.; 2 pair of sugar tongs, 2l.; 1 mustard Pot, 1l. 10s.; 12 sovereigns; and 1 half-sovereign; the property of 



Mary Catherine Sheppard, in the dwelling-house of 



Edward Labern; and that he had hcen before convicted of felony.






MARY CATHERINE SHEPPABD
. I am a widow, and live with my nephew

Edward Labern, who keeps the Stag, in Cumberland-market. At half-past seven o'clock on the 23rd of August I was sitting in the bar—the prisoner walked in and looked over the parlour—he ordered a pint of half-and-half a biscuit and cheese; he walked right up stairs to the sitting-room—what be ordered was sent up by the boy—he was in the house a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—he then came down and went out—I went up a little after, and found my bed-room door had been broken open, and all the place in an uproar—five silver spoons and the tea-tongs had been taken out of one of the drawers—my box had been drawn from under the bed, and six spoons and some other things taken from that, and the knife which the prisoner had with the biscuit and cheese was lying on the bed—I am certain of that, because there was a little notch on it—I had seen these things safe about five o'clock, and not a soul in the house between that and the time of the prisoner's coming had been up stairs—no one else could have done it—I am sure he is the person.





CHARLES HOWARD
. I am pot-boy at Mr. Labern's. The prisoner came that day at half-past seven—he ordered a pint of half-and-half, a biscuit, and cheese—I took it, and a knife that I can't swear to—no one else had been up stairs after five o'clock to my knowledge—I am sure he is the person.





SIDNEY WRIGHT
. I was at the corner of Munster-street at half-past seven o'clock that day—I saw the prisoner walk into the public-house, and run out—I had known him about a week before—I heard of this—I went to the Cock and Bottle and found the prisoner—he said he would go when his brother came in—I went in with two or three messages—at last he came out, truck me, and knocked me down—the officer came up.





JOSEPH GUEST
. I am a writer and grainer—I went into the Cock and Bottle after the prisoner—he came out—I and Wright laid hold of him—I saw him knock Wright down, and he tried to knock me down as well.





CHARLES BROWN
 (police-coustable F 128.) 1 took the prisoner to the station—he said "If I had given Wright 5l. it would have been all right"—he asked Wright and Guest to go out, and then he said he was in the house at half-past three, but not at the time the robbery was committed.





JOHN HORDY
 (police-constable S 205.) I produce a certificate of the pri-soner's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the man—he had been convicted before that.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

