




713. 




JAMES COLLIER
 and 




JOHN SMITH



, stealing 1 bell, value 4s.; the goods of 



Joseph Rees, and fixed to a building; Collier having been previously convicted.






JOSEPH BENTON
 (policeman, K 381.) I was on duty at Stratford on 22nd Jan., about five o'clock in the afternoon—I saw the two prisoners and another—I watched, and saw them go to Mr. Mason's—Smith looked out while Collier got on the other man's shoulders and looked over the wall—they then went to Mr. Rees', and were there five minutes—they then went to Mr. Hillary's, and I saw Collier and the other man trying to get a knob off—Smith was standing by—I had seen them all go round by Mr. Rees' counting-house, and they all three came out again—I inquired, and a bell was gone—I went after the prisoners, and found them in Upton-lane, in about three-quarters of an hour—I followed them to Upton-place—I saw Smith

throw away something—I whistled for my brother officer—I went and took Collier—the third man got away—I went to the place where I had seen something—I found this knob, and Miles picked up this bell.





HENRY MILES
 (policeman, K 235.) I found this bell—I did not see t thrown away—I took Smith—I afterwards went and took the spring of the bell, which corresponds with the bell exactly, and a spring, which corresponds with this knob, was found by the side of the bell, in a ditch.





WILLIAM YORK
. I am foreman to Mr. Joseph Rees. I know this bell—it is his property—I saw it safe on 22nd Jan, about four o'clock in the afternoon—the prisoners had no business in the yard—I have compared the bell with this spring, and I assisted Miles in taking off this crank—they correspond exactly.

Collier's Defence. I know nothing about it; three-parts of what the policeman said is false.

smith's Defence. He says he saw us in the yard, and we were not in the yard; it was a pipe out of my mouth that I threw into the ditch.





JOSEPH BENTON

re-examined. I had my eye on him the whole time—he had not a pipe in his mouth—he saw me coming up as fast as I could, and then he threw something away—I asked him what he threw away, and h said, "Nothing."





JAMES WADEY
 (policeman, K 52.) I produce a certificate of Collier's former conviction, at this Court—(read—Convicted 18th Aug., 1845, havin been before convicted, confined one year.)—he is the person—he had had six months before that—he chiefly gets his living by thieving.

COLLIER—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—



Confined Three Months.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)

Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

