







2322. 




BENJAMIN DELLISTON
 was indicted for

 stealing 1 carpet-bag, value 4s.; 8 pairs of forceps, 2l.; 1 coat, 2l.; 1 looking-glass, 4s.; 6 files, 1s.; 1 tin box, 1s.; 2 pairs of pliers, 1s.; 1 collar, 1s.; 23 scaling instruments, 4l.; 12s.; 15 model frames, 15s.; and 1 box of cement, 1s.; the goods of 



Simeon Mosely: and 





MARY HOWE
,



MARY HOWE

the younger, and 



WILLIAM HOWE



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, &c.: and 





ELIZABETH HOWE



 for feloniously receiving 1 file, 6 pairs of forceps, and 23 scaling instruments, and 1 pair of pliers, well knowing the same to have been stolen; to which


DELLISTON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined One Year.


SIMEON MOSELY. I am a dentist, and live in the Haymarket. I was in a cab about four o'clock in the afternoon of the 7th of Sept.—I left it in Great Russell-street, near the Museum—I had a carpet-bag in it containing the articles stated—when I came back to the cab the bag was gone—I have examined the property here—it is all mine.





CHARLES SHEARGOLD
. I am the cab driver. I fell asleep, and do not know what became of the bag.





ADAM EDMUNDS
. I live in Church-lane, St. Giles. Between four and five o'clock that day, I saw Delliston bring this bag into St. Giles's—he took it to No. 8, Church-lane, where Mary Howe the elder lives—when he came down he told me he had nailed it from a cab, and he showed me some forceps—I knew him by living next door, and seeing him go in and out—he said the other two comrades had got the coat, and gone away with it—he asked me if I knew of any one who would purchase the forceps—I said, "No"—when he came back he asked me to go and look at a picture which he had stolen out of Oxford-street—I went—it was up in the elder Mary Howe's room—she was there with two young men, her daughter Mary, and William—Elizabeth Howe was not there—Delliston said, "Put these forceps down the hole"—the other persons said, "Let them be, they can be put down there when we go out"—there is a hole there under the boards—I came down stairs, met the policeman, and gave information.





ELLEN BROWN
. I lodge at No. 11, George-street, Bloomibury. About half-past ten o'clock on Saturday night, the 7th of Sept., Elizabeth Howe came to me, and asked me if I would mind two or three things for her, as she had left her room—I said, "Yes," and she gave me this parcel—I left it at No. 10—I afterwards had information that it was stolen—I gave the same parcel to the officer.





ELIZABETH BRYAN
. I live at No. 10, George-street, St. Giles's. I received a parcel that Saturday night, from Brown—I gave it back to her just as I received it.





HENRY HALL
 (police-constable E 66.) I apprehended Elizabeth Howe about five minutes to one o'clock, in Charles-street, Drury-lane—I went up to the back attic, and found the door padlocked outside—the landlord unlocked it for me—Elizabeth Howe was inside, undressed, and in bed—I told her

what I wanted her for—she after that said she could not go to the station, she had got no clothes.





JAMES COBINGS
 (police-constable E 79.) I went in company with Gough, on the 7th of Sept., about half-past four in the afternoon, to No. 8, Church-street, St. Giles's—Mary Howe, sen., her daughter Mary, and William Howe were in the room—I asked them whether they had not got a carpet bag there—they denied all knowledge whatever of it—I commenced searching, and Gough lifted up a board, and found this bag and some moulds; and down another hole we found four pairs of forceps, and a pair of pliers under the bed, also a looking-glass, and a box of cement in a tin box—I said to Mary Howe, sen., "You knew they were here"—she said, "I was afraid to say so," and "a lad of the name of Ben was the person who brought them up here."





FRANCIS GOUGH
 (police-constable E 134.) I went there with Cobings, and found the carpet-bag under a board—Mary Howe, sen., denied that there was a carpet-bag there—the others said nothing in my presence.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

MARY HOWE, sen.—


GUILTY
. Aged 60.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MARY HOWE, jun.—


NOT GUILTY
.

WILLIAM HOWE—


NOT GUILTY
.

ELIZABETH HOWE—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined One Year.

