



2004. 




RICHARD M'KNIGHT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of May, at 
St. Saviour's, Southwark, in the dwelling-house of 



William Thomas Robinson, 1 coat, value 1l. 5s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 1l;. 15s.; 1 pair of braces, value 1s. 6d.; 3 waistcoats, value 1l. 5s.; 1 yard of satin, value 15s.; 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 10l.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; 1 knife, value 3s. 6d.; 1 pair of scissors, value 3s. 6d.; 3 razors, value 5s.; 5 handkerchiefs, value 155.; and 4 pairs of stockings, value 8s.; his goods:—8 spoons, value 4l.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 1l.; 1 ring, value 1l.; 1 brooch, value 1l.; 2 shawls, value 2l.; 5 handkerchiefs, value 1l.; 1 sheet, value 5s.; 1 sovereign, 2 half-sovereign and 16s.; the property of 



Phoebe Robinson.






MATTHEW M'GUIRE
. I am a police-constable of Liverpool, and live in Hewit's-buildings, Great Homer-street, Liverpool.—On the 12th of May I apprehended the prisoner in Albion-street, Liverpool—I charged him with robbing his lodging in London—he said I might search, I should find nothing there—I desired him to get up and dress himself—I found a pair of stockings in his shoes, a piece of chamois leather in his pocket, and a glazier's diamond; also this silver watch under his head in the bed—he was in bed—I then went to his mother's, searched his box, and found a pair of braces, which I showed to Mr. Robinson, and he identified them—the prisoner was not there when I found them—he was sleeping about 200 or 300 yards from his mother's house—I have known his mother two or three years—I called the prisoner's attention to the braces being found there—he said they were his own, and afterwards, on the railway, he said Mr. Robinson could not swear to them; did I think anything could be done to him?—I cautioned him not to say anything to me, for whatever he did say would be produced in evidence against him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Where did you find the braces? A. In a box which his mother stated to me to be his—these stockings appear to have been worn—they are very common stockings—he said the diamond belonged to his trade.





WILLIAM THOMAS ROBINSON
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Barnes ironmongers, and live in Orange-street, Gravel-lane, Southwark—I rent the whole house—it is in the parish of St. Saviour's. The prisoner came to lodge with me on the 16th of April, and occupied a bed-room on the top floor—on the 8th of May I and my mother went out, leaving the prisoner at home alone—previous to going out I had asked him if he intended

to go out—he said he did not know that he was, and we went—my mother returned home first—when I came home the prisoner was gone, and I missed my watch from the top drawer of a chest of drawers, some teaspoons from a drawer which was left locked, some table-spoons, a mournin? ring, a brooch, a red silk shawl, a white silk shawl, some neck-handkerchiefs, three pocket-handkerchiefs, a linen sheet, some stockings, one sovereign, two half-sovereigns, and 16s. odd—part of the things belonged to my mother, Phoebe Robinson—I also missed some waistcoats and a pair of kerseymere trowsers from the drawers, and another pair from a box in the room, with a brown Taglioni coat, a pair of blue braces, a knife, a pair of scissors, and some razors from a drawer in the room the prisoner occupied—the drawer which contained the plate was opened by a knife, which I found by it—the blade was broken in two—I have part of it—the officer found the other part—the property I lost amounts altogether to about 20l. or 25l.—I went down to Liverpool, and saw the prisoner in custody there—I recognized this piece of leather as the piece which had contained the spoons—I found this other piece of leather, and this paper, which had contained the spoons, on the prisoner's bed, after he was gone—I found the house safe when I came home.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you able to identify these stockings? A. Yes—I have seen them in my drawer before—I know them by this little blue mark on the top—I had noticed that on them previously—they are my mother's—they have only been washed once—I do not know that this is a common mark—it was on them when they were bought—this watch is not mine—I lost a watch, seal, and key—when I first saw this piece of leather at Liverpool it appeared then to have the impressions of spoons having been in it—it was used to wrap the spoons in—I know it by the shape—it is not exactly a square—I told the officer before I saw it that there was a piece of leather which contained the spoons—I have seen it for some yean, and had it in my hand—there is no particular mark by which I know it—I have no mark on these braces—I know them by the size, and the exact position in which the buckles are—they are exactly the; length, I wore them with the pair of trowsers to which they were attached when taken away—I can swear to them—this knife I found in my room—it had no business there—it belongs to my mother—this piece of paper, which I found in the prisoner's room, was taken out of the drawer where I had left it locked up, on the first-floor—the spoons were in that paper when it was lost, and were also enclosed in these pieces of leather—I do not claim this diamond—I left my house a little after six o'clock, and returned at a quarter to ten—the prisoner was then gone, and all the things—I gave information immediately—the prisoner was not indebted to me for rent or anything—he paid weekly—he had paid on the Saturday, and this occurred the next day—I went up into his room, and found the few things in his room gone—he had no watch of his own, and scarcely any clothes, merely a bundle—I have not found any of my property but this now produced.





PHOEBE ROBINSON
. These stockings are mine—I left the house on the 8th of May, about ten minutes before six o'clock—my son was last in the house—I missed two shawls, four handkerchiefs, and a variety of other things, which I have not found—I can swear to this mark on the stockings—it is wove in—I have not a doubt of them—I went to my drawer for them, and they were gone—they have only been washed once.


Cross-examined. Q. Where did you buy them? A. By the Town. hall—I bought them out of a bundle—I do not know whether the others were marked so—I only noticed those I purchased—I never bought a pair with that mark before—I have never mended them.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Transported for Fifteen Years.
