




670. 




THOMAS CARROLL
 and 




GEORGE GOLDING



 were indicated for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Taylor, on the 
6th of January, at 
Hackney, and stealing therein 3 printed books, value 15s.; and 1 table-cover, value 2s. 6d.; his property; and that Carroll had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS TAYLOR
. I live in Derby-road, Kingsland-road—it is my dwelling-house, and in the parish of St. John, at Hackney. About four o'clock on the 7th of January, I fastened my window with the usual simple fastening, a spring catch—I left home at a quarter past six o'clock—I left my wife in the house and two lodgers—I returned about ten minutes before seven, as near as possible—I found some persons had been in the house and taken a Bible, Prayer-book, and hymn-book, and a table-cover off the table in the front-room—these now produced are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is there any name in either of them? A. Yes, in the Bible and hymn-book.





ELIZABETH TAYLOR
. I am the wife of Thomas Taylor. At half-past six o'clock on Friday night I was sitting in the back-parlour—I heard a noise—I went out and saw the window of the front-parlour open—I shut it—I did not examine the fastening—I had not been in the room from the time of my husband going out—I missed the books and cloth from the table.

Cross-examined. Q. What other persons were in the house after your husband left? A. Two old ladies.

COURT. Q. Were they in the habit of coming down and going in the room? A. No, they had no business in the room.






JAMES BRENNAN
 (police-constable N 69.) I was on duty about four hundred yards from the prosecutor's, and about half-past six o'clock I heard a man call "George"—I looked, and saw a man standing in the Enfield-road, and then saw a man come from the Derby-road and join this man—they went in the direction of the Kingsland-road—I followed them to the end of the Derby-road, where there was a lamp, and then they passed me again—I saw Carroll had a bundle under his arm—I asked him what he had got—he said some books, and he had brought them from his sister's in the City-road—he said he was taking them to his sister's—I told him I was a police-constable, if he did not satisfy me, I should take him to the station—in the meantime Golding went on—Carroll threw down the bundle and made a desperate resistance—I secured him after some time, and a man anded me the bundle, which was lying in the road—I took it to the station, and it contained a Bible and Prayer-book—Mr. Taylor said he missed a hymn-book—I went back to the spot, and found this hymn-book, with Mr. Taylor's name in it—at half-past twelve the next day I saw a constable named Holland—we went to the vinegar-ground—the house was not open—Holland raised the window sash and called me—I went and saw Golding silting up in bed—I said, "That is the man who was with Carroll in the Derby-road last night"—Holland opened the door and went in—Golding dressed himself—I said he had got a very white apron on last night, with long fringe to it, and on searching under the bed we found this apron—Golding put it on after I found it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not discover who the persons were till they got under the lamp? A. No, I did not see their features till they went under the lamp—Golding walked on, and it was not till after I had had a struggle with Carroll that Golding ran away, after I had questioned him about the books—I said at first that I picked up the books, but that was a mistake.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
 (police-constable M 146.) I went after Golding, and found him in bed—I told him he was charged with committing a robbery last night in the Hertford-road—he said, "I was not there"—he dressed himself, and put on a white apron.





JAMES HARWARD
 (police-constable G 212.) I produce a certificate of Carroll's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.
(Golding received a good character, and his master engaged to take him back into his service.)

CARROLL—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

GOLDING—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Confined Three Months.
