



213. 




WILLIAM HILL
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles John Chitty, about one is the night of the 
9th of December, at 
St. Mary, Islington, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 waistcoat, yalue 18s.; 1 pair of boots, 6s.; 3 handkerchiefs, 5s. 6d.; 1 jacket, 18s.; 1 gown, 1s.; 40 cigars, 2s., 6d.; 1 cigar-case, 6d.; 1 bell, 6d.; 29 skeins of silk, 2s.; 6oz, weight of beads, 3s.; 9 spoons, 4s. 6d.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 1s.; 1 tin box, 3d.; loz. weight of pins, 1d.; 1 yard of linen cloth, 3s.; 1 yard of muslin, 1s.; 1 button pattern book, 6d.; 1 sheet, 5s.; 2 shirt bodies, 9s.; 2 shawls, 8s. 6d.; 1 wash-stand, 12s.; and 3 pieces of copper coin, 3d.; his goods; and 1 bird-cage, 7s., the goods of 



James Harris: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






CHARLES JOHN CHITTY
. I keep a beer-shop, and live in Suttoo-gardens, Chalk-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington On Monday, the 9th of Dee., my wife was up last in the house—I fastened the cellar, bar parlour, and other doors, when I went to bed, which was about free minutes past twelve o'clock—my wife and I retired into our bed-room together, but she returned into the bar parlour for some wearing apparel which she had left behind her—the house is all on the ground-floor—the cellar door was fastened by an inside bolt—there is only that one opening to the cellar—about half-past twelve o'clock we heard some kind of a noise, such as a waiter having fallen from a window—there was a waiter standing inside a window close to the cellar door—the two bottom squares of glass in that window had been broken, and, as a substitute for them, two wooden squares were nailed up—a little after seven in the morning my wife got up, went into the bar parlour, came back, and gave me an alarm—I got up, and found the place had been robbed—the cellar door was partly open, the bar parlour door was partly open, likewise a door leading to the passage—I found the wooden squares removed from the places where they bad been the night before when I went to bed—I do not know what had become of them—I have not seen them since—it is not a window that opens, but a fixture—a portion of the brick-work of the wall of the cellar had been broken away before this, quite sufficient for a person of the pri­ soner's size to get through—it had been done by the brewers at the time they bad put the barrels into the place—they had shaken the wall, or rather broken it away—that is the side-wall leading into the garden—the person might have got in by that hole without breaking anything—I found about three or four bricks rather shaken, in addition to the former place—I

am quite positive I had shut and bolted the cellar door overnight—I mined a jacket, waistcoat, shoes, and a watch-stand, all from the bar par­ lour—four drawers had been ransacked, two boxes opened, and things pulled out of a basket—the drawers contained linen principally, which my wife can give an account of—I have known the prisoner, by him frequenting my place for about five months—he has not come for the pur­ pose of drinking, but merely coming in and sitting down—the first time I knew him was when he had a little job in plastering—he is a plasterer—he was there on the Monday the whole of the day—when I fancied he has been out of work I have been in the habit of giving him something to eat, seeing him silting by himself.





CATHERINE CHITTY
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I went to bed on Monday night, the 9th of Dec.—I afterwards left my bed-room, and went to the bar parlour for something—I returned again to my husband—I latched the bar parlour door as I came out—there is no lock on it—no one else was up in the house at that time—I left the cellar door as it was—I got up a little after seven o'clock in the morning—I was the first person up—I found everything in confusion, all the drawers, and the cellar and bar parlour doors open—almost everything was taken out of the drawers, and taken away—one large table-cloth and one pair of stockings, which bad been taken out of the drawers, I found on the floor—I missed some table napkins, pillow cases, some silk handkerchiefs, a small shawl, and some white sewing silk wrapped up with it, and two shirt bodies not made up; half-a-dozen German silver spoons, two salt-spoons, sugar-tongs, and about a quarter of a pound of cigars—they were all in the bar parlour—I also missed a bird and cage belonging to James Harris, and my husband's shoes, jacket, and waistcoat, which had been in the bar parlour the night before.





SAMUEL HENRY BESANT
. I am assistant to Mr. Button, a pawnbroker, in John-street, Edgware-road. The prisoner came to our shop on Tues­ day, the 10th of Dec., about twelve o'clock in the day, and pledged this watch-stand and waistcoat, for 3s. each—I had seen him before, and am positive he is the person.





JOHN CHAPLIN
 (police-sergeant D 7.) I took the prisoner into custody on Thursday morning at his lodging, No. 17, Cambridge-place—I told him I wanted him for a burglary committed at the Carpenter's Arms beer-shop, at Islington—he said, "I know nothing about it, I have not done it"—after taking him to the station, I returned to his lodging, and found there this bird and cage, this jacket, beads, cigars, and six German silver tea­ spoons.

MRS. CHITTY
re-examined. This watch-stand is the one my husband had, and this waistcoat is my husband's—I know it by the pattern—my husband has got a piece of it in his pocket—these spoons are mine—this bird and cage belong to Harris—I know the cage by the egg-cup that is in it—there was a bit of something pasted round it, because it was too small for the place—the spoons have no private mark on them, but I lost some of the same sort, and know them to be ours.





JOSEPH WALKER
 (police-sergeant D 5.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted of larceny, after a pre­ vious conviction. Confined six months.)—I am sure the prisoner is the penon—I heard him tried first in Sept., 1842, at this Court, for stealing a trowel; and again in 1843, when I proved a previous conviction against

him—I heard sentence passed upon him—I did not see him when he was undergoing his punishment, but I have seen him several times since he came out, and am sure he is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years
.
