



3000. 




EDWARD SERJEANT
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH ELSEY
. I am one of the cashiers in the Bank of England. I and Mrs. Elsey went to the prosecutor's house, in the beginning of Sept.—I selected goods which came to 18l. odd; among other things there was a carpet which came to 10l.—the prisoner waited upon me, and showed the goods—they were brought to my house in Lonsdale-square, Islington—the prisoner came to me on the 15th Sept. to be paid—I have the cheque returned from my bankers that I paid him on that occasion—this is the invoice and the cheque—which is crossed to Stevenson, Salt, and Son.





WILLIAM WIGHTWICK
. I am in partnership with Thomas Brooks. We trade under the name of the "National Linen Company"—Mr. and Mrs. Elsey came to our establishment in Sept.—the prisoner had authority to go with the goods, and see them fitted at the house—if he received any money he ought to pay it me, or the cashier, on his return—on the 25th Sept. he did not

pay me a cheque for 13l. 2s. 5d., or give me any account—ourt is an establihment for cash transactions—I have never received the amount, the goods are entered in the book—at the latter end of Sept., in consequence of what I saw in the book, I said to the prisoner, "Have you received this amount of Mr. Elsey?"—he said, "No, I have not"—I said, "It looks as if crossed out, as if paid; are you sure you have not received it?"—he said, "I have not"—in going to the station, I said, "It strikes me you have received it, tell me the truth"—he said, "I have not indeed."





THOMAS ELWELL
. I am an ironmonger, and live in Hedge-row, Islington. In Sept. last the prisoner was in debt to me for goods—he gave me a bill of exchange—it was not paid when due—I received this cheque of Mr. Eltey's from the prisoner, and applied that, by his direction, to the part payment of the dishonoured bill—I paid it in to Stevenson, Salt, and Co.





THOMAS BAX
. I am cashier at Messrs. Wightwick and Brooks. The prisoner did not at any time hand me a cheque for 18l. 2s. 5d., or any part of it, or tell me that he had received it.





THOMAS BROOKS
. I have not received from the prisoner this sum of 13l. 2s. 5d., or any part of it, or any account of it.

Prisoner's Defence. I delivered the account to Mr. Elsey, and called for the cheque; I had no authority to call for it any particular time, but when I pleased; it was on the Saturday evening, the 16th: I had a payment to make to Mr. Elwell, and had promises from two or three persons who were prepared for me; when I got to Mr. Elsey's, I thought I would call for his amount, and if my friends were not prepared for me, I could make use of Mr. Elsey's, and repay it in a few days. When I got home, I found the persons were not prepared for me, and I made use of it. Mr. Wightwick asked me if it was paid; I said it was not, because it was my intention to pay it again.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported far Seven Years.

It was stated, that two cart-loads of property belonging to the prosecutors were found at the prisoner's house. There were other indictments against him.
