



24. 




JOHN GORD
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of Nov., (he being employed under the Post-office) a post-letter, containing 1 sixpence, and 1 fourpenny-piece, the monies of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster-General.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ELIZABETH BUCKLE
 I usually reside at Brighton. On the 3rd of Nov. I was in London, staying at No. 47, Lincoln's-inn-Fields—I wrote a letter some time in that day, and addressed it to "Mr. Wilks, No. 186, Regent-street, London"—it contained a sixpence, a fourpenny-piece, a medallion envelope, and two pieces of silk, one green, and the other red—I enclosed them all in a medallion envelope—the silk was wound round a piece of thin white paper—I left the letter to be posted—I have since seen parts of the letter, and both pieces of silk—(looking at some produced by Abbott)—these pieces of silk are the same colours as those I put in the letter—here is my writing on these pieces of paper—I trace the words, "Buckle—Mr. Wilks—immediately—of fine—purse"—part of the word, "exact"—"colour of the enclosed—she has addressed"—part of the envelope is also here, on a portion of which is my seal—all the words I have read are my handwriting—I never received an answer to that letter.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you post it yourself? A. I did not—my brother-in-law gave it to the servant, who is here—I learnt that my letter had not arrived before this inquiry—I made no inquiry at the Post-office about it.





WILLIAM WALES
. I am in the service of the Rev. J. Fernley. On the 3rd of Nov. he was living at No. 47, Lincoln's-inn-Fields—on the 3rd of Nov. a letter was given to me to put into the post, addressed to Mr. Wilks, No. 186, Regent-street—I am not quite positive as to the time I put it in—it was about three o'clock in the afternoon—I dropped it into the letter-box in Portugal-street.
----HOBDAY. I keep the receiving-house in Portugal-street. A lettered there before three o'clock in the afternoon of the 3rd of Nov., addressed to Regent-street, would be forwarded about three, and delivered about five—I made up the dispatch that day, and forwarded it in the usual course.


Cross-examined. Q. You mean you made up the dispatch in Portugal-street? A. Yes, and handed it over to the postman to take to the branchoffice, where it would be sorted, and ought to be delivered by five o'clock—no inquiries have been made at my office in consequence of a letter not having been delivered.

MR. BADKIN. Q. Does the dispatch go direct to the district-office, or to the office in St. Martin's-le-grand? A. I imagine to St. Martin's-le-grand.





WILLIYAM LEMONE
. I am in the service of the Post-office. On the 3rd of Nov. I received the three o'clock dispatch from the office in Portugal-street. I collect from four different houses; I put them into a bag, and deliver them, at the corner of Castle-street, to the mail-driver, whose duty it is to take them to the chief-office in St. Martin's-le-grand.





JAMES CONNER
. I am a clerk in the London District Post-office. I received the three o'clock collection of letters from Portugal-street on the 3rd of Nov.—I told up the bundles of paid letters—they were correct with the tickets—the stamped and unpaid letters would be taken to a different table, and the town and country letters divided into different parts, then stamped, and taken to be sorted—a letter addressed to 186, Regent-street, in that collection, would be dispatched to the Charing-cross office soon after four, for the delivery at five.





ROBERT BRIDGES
. I am a sub-sorter in the London District Post-office. I was on duty on the 3rd of Nov. in the afternoon—I remember the arrival of the three o'clock collection—after they had arrived they were sorted to the Charing-cross district—I looked them over, to see that there were none nrissorted—there were some missorted—I set them, rightr—they were tied up in my presence by Turner—I saw him put them into the Charing-cross bag, and dispatch them by the mail-rider—a letter addressed to 186, Regent-street, would be forwarded to Charing-cross—there are twodispatches made up, one at a quarter to four, and the second at four—that would comprehend all the letters that came by the three o'clock collection.
----TURNER. I was on duty at the chief office on the afternoon of the 3rd of Nov. I tied up the three o'clock collection of letters, and put them into the Charing-cross mail-bag—there were two dispatches, the first at a quarter to four, and the second at four—Lloyd was one of the mail-drivers on that occasion, and Fennell the second.





JAMES SMITHER
. I am inspector of the branch-office at Charing-cross. The prisoner was a letter-carrier there—he was on duty there on the afternoon of the 3rd of Nov.—I remember the arrival of the quarter to four and four o'clock dispatches—he was on duty at the time those letters were sorted—he then went out with the four o'clock delivery—he returned at six, and assisted in sorting the letters that were delivered at eight.

Cross-examined. Q. This was on a Monday, was it not? A. Yes—it was the prisoner's duty to be there—here is the attendance-book—it is signed by the prisoner himself—it shows the hour he was there—under the head "Collect. 3, deliver. 4" is his name—he would not collect the letters to be delivered at five, nor would Abbott—he would be at the table at the same time as the prisoner.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Letters dispatched from the office at St. Martio's-le-grand at a quarter to four, and four, reach you very soon afterwards? A. Yes; twelve minutes is allowed—the letters are sent out as soon as they are sorted—the five o'clock delivery is a distinct delivery—on that occasion neither the prisoner nor Abbott were there—both of them were there at the sorting of the letters that came from the chief office at four.





JOSEPH WILKS
. I deal in silks and materials for making purses, and live at No. 186, Regent-street. I did not know Miss Buckle—I received no

lette from her on the 3rd of Nov. inclosing sixpence, a 4d. piece, and silk—my book-keeper is here—these sort of things would pass through his hands.





WILLIAM ABBOTT
. I am a letter-carrier in the branch-office, Charing-cross. I was on duty on Tuesday evening, the 4th of Nov.—the prisoner was standing next to me sorting letters, about half-past six—he held a bundle of letters in his hand—I saw him put his right thumb over one letter, feeling it to see if it contained money as I thought—in consequence of that I watched him—he placed that letter under the letters he held in his left hand—a letter-carrier sitting on my left asked me some question, which induced me to turn round-when I turned to the sorting-table again the prisoner had left—I saw him going up the office and into the second office, in which the water-closet is—I saw him go to the water-closet—he tried the door, it appeared to be fast—he then came into the sorting-office again, to his own desk—the name of his district was then called out by Mr. Smither, and the prisoner, as was his duty, went up—whilst he was gone I looked at the letters which lay on his desk—they were quite right—hey were letters addressed to his own walk—he did not take them with him—it was only the first part of the duty—they were separated, ready for being taken away—I then missed the prisoner from the office—I went to the bottom of the office, and found he had left the office—it is not a very long office—I went outside the office into the street—I went ten or twelve yards from the office, towards the Golden-cross hotel—I saw him coming from that direction towards the office—he held some white paper in his hand—he was tearing it into pieces, and threw the pieces into the road with his left hand—I said nothing to him—he passed me and went to the office—I proceeded to pick up some of the fragments ho had thrown away—I produced them to the officer—these which have been produced are the pieces—my examination of the pieces did not enable me to find out whose letter it was, or where it bad been addressed—I took the pieces home, and put them to-gether, but could not understand them—I mentioned to my wife what I had noticed, and next day, or the day after, I am not positive which, I named it to Dolan, who is in the same office—I did not show him the pieces—I told him what I had seen—the prisoner was taken into custody on the 17th—I preserved the fragments till then—they were produced before the Magistrate—I had been on duty the day before, Monday the 3rd, at the same place—the prisoner was there also—he and I assisted in sorting the letters that were brought from the chief office, by the dispatch, at four and a quarter to four—I did not on that occasion notice anything that attracted my attention.

Cross-examined. Q. Am I to understand that you told Dolan you had seen the prisoner throw the papers away? A. I am not positive that I told him that—I did not mention the prisoner's name to any one, except my wife I did not mention his name to Dolan—it was only a case of suspicion—I did not paste the pieces together—I saw Mr. Sculthorpe do so—they never went out of my possession—I kept them locked up in a box which no person could get at without breaking it open—it was on the Tuesday evening that I saw him fingering the letter, and followed him out—I did not see what became of that letter after he had placed it at the bottom of the letters—he had it in his hand—I had a doubt whether the torn letter was one which had been in the course of delivery.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What was it you said to Dolan? A. I told him I was convinced that there was one of the letter-carriers in our office not honest—it is so long ago I forget whether I said anything more—I said a good deal to him about it—I told him I had seen what had satisfied me, but it was not sufficient proof, I thought for the authorities of the office—I said that to him at that time.






DANIEL DOLAN
. I am a letter-carrier in the office at Charing-cross. Abbott made a communication to me last Thursday fortnight.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you see him often? A. Yes—we frequently meet—I am on the same walk as he is, but not at the same hour—I saw him on the Wednesday, and on the Tuesday evening—it must have been six o'clock on the Tuesday evening that I saw him—I saw him on the office then—I did not notice the prisoner there.





JOSEPH PARK
 (police-constable F 124.) I was on duty in the Strand during the first week of Nov.—I know Abbott by having seen him—I remember seeing him one afternoon in that week, picking up something opposite the Golden-cross—they were small pieces of white paper, or writing paper—they were on the ground—the wind was boisterous, and the paper was blowing about from one side of the road to the other—he was about three or four doors beyond the branch Post-office, nearer Temple-bar.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not pick up any of the paper yourself? A. I did not.





JOHN ADOLPHUS GEORAGE BOUSTERD
. I acted as clerk to the justice on the examination of the prisoner on this charge—I took down from his mouth what he said, on being asked what he had to say—it was read over to him, and I asked if that was what he wished to say—he said yes—(reading)—The prisoner says, 'I don't recollect whether I had such a letter in my hands—the sweepings of the office are swept outside the door.'"

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure that was all he said? A. That was all he said—he did not say they had never come from him—if he had said it, I should have taken it down—I am quite sure he said no more than I have taken down—he asked several questions of the witnesses—that was all if said in his defence—he asked the witnesses questions, and commented upon them—that I have not got down.





WALTER ROBINSION SCULTHORPE
. I am one of the presidents of the Post-office. I examined these Tragments of paper which were produced by Abbott—I put them together—some of them have been spoken to by the prosecuterix—I find here portions of two letters—one baa the name of? A. Williamson on it, quite in a different handwriting.

MISS BUCKLE
re-examined. The name "A. Williamson," on this paper, if not my writing, it formed no part of my letter to Mr. Wilks.




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Ten Years.

