



1151. 




THOMAS JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing 2 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 15l. Bank-note, the monies of 



Isaac Harris.






ISAAC HARRIS
. I am ship's carpenter, belonging to the brig Dart. At half-past three o'clock in the afternoon of the 6th of April, I was crossing Tower-street—the prisoner met me—I had never seen him before—he asked me to go into the King's Head to have a glass of ale with him—I said I wanted to make the best of my way home, and did not want any—he came on the other side of me, and forced roe to go in—he would not sit down stairs, but took roe into a room up stairs—he said he was an entire stranger, and I said-so was I—another

person then came in and sat on the opposite side of the table—he drew round, and sat by me, and said he was a stranger, and he had been receiving 756l.—we then drank a glass of ale together; the stranger then said, "You have got a handsome little basket there"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "I should like to have it"—I said, "It is rather an encumbrance to me, I will give it you"—he said he would not have it a present, be would make us a present of a sovereign each—he said his lawyer took him into a place where were ten or a dozen people were sitting, and they took out their money to show that they were respectable people—he said it was customary to show money to show that persons were respectable—he showed his money, and the prisoner showed his; and then he said to me, "Take out what you have got," and I showed him two sovereigns, a half-sovereign, and a 5l. note—he said, "That will do"—the prisoner then gave his money to the stranger, and I gave him my money, he was going to give me another sovereign with it, and to put it into a purse for me—he did not return me the purse with my money in it as he did to the prisoner, but took this other purse from under a handkerchief, and gave it me—it had four bad sovereigns in it, and a 5l. flash note—I thought it was not right—the stranger got up to go, and went out—I got up to stop him—the prisoner took up the purse with my money, which had fallen down, and gave it me, and said, "It is all right"—I said, I did not think it was—I seized the prisoner, and detained him—I was then going to show the note out of the purse which the stranger gave me—(it was a flash note)—the prisoner took it up and eat it—I then would not show any more till I was at the station—my 5l. note, and the two sovereigns and a half were in the purse which the prisoner picked up and gave me—the sovereign which the stranger put in with it was a bad one.





RICHARD JAMES BUTCHER
. I was in the parlour of the King's Head about four o'clock in the afternoon on the 8th of April—the prisoner and the prosecutor came in and called for a pint of ale—in three or four minutes a stranger came in and called for a glass of ale—he drew his chair round so as to place the prosecutor between the prisoner and himself, and then he said his lawyer told him it was usual to show money to see that they were respectable persons—the stranger said he would make them a present of a sovereign each to buy a new hat—he asked the prisoner for his money, which he gave him, and he put it into a purse with another sovereign—whether he handed it to him or not I do not know—he then asked the prosecutor for his money, which he gave him and put it into a purse, and a sovereign too—he then put his hands under a handkerchief, and was looking for another purse—the prosecutor said he was robbed, and ran to the door—the other two rushed to the door also—the prisoner then gave the prosecutor the other purse, and told him to make no noise—the other one got down—the prisoner tried to get down, but the prosecutor seized him, and still held him, and would not let him go.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years


