



424. 




WILLIAM JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of December, 39 yards of worsted cloth, called mouselin-de-laine, value 1l. 145.; and 10 yards of worsted cloth, value 16s.; the goods of 



Evan Thomas.






JAMES CATER
. I live in New-street, Cloth Fair, on the first floor. On the 30th of December, about half-past eight o'clock at night, I was alarmed by a noise in the house—I went down into the passage, and found some gown pieces there—I turned them over, and the prisoner came to me to the door, nudged me on my arm, and said, "It is all right" (the door bad been left open for us to come in and out) as he said it was all right, I took them up, and shut the door, shutting him out, and went next door, to inform my neighbour of it—when I went into the street again, the prisoner came and talked to me again—he said, "If you will let me have the things, we can make money of them; they are worth 5l. t and you shall have a share of it"—he and a man named Williams were then secured.

Prisoner. I never saw him, nor spoke to him.





ELIZABETH CRAWLEY
. I am the wife of Charles Crawley, of New-street Between eight and nine o'clock, on the 30th of December, Cater came through a yard, and gave me information—I went out at the street-door round to his door, which was fast, and the prisoner and Williams were standing by the door—I asked what he wanted there—the prisoner took Cater by the collar, pulled him towards him, and whispered—I then heard him say, "You know what the things are, I will make it all right"—Cater replied, that he worked for his living—Cater walked away—the prisoner followed him, and said, "Will you do what I ask you? if not, you had better start them out of your place"—I went for a policeman.





RICHARD SAVAGE
 (City police-constable, No. 243.) Between eight and nine o'clock in the evening of the 30th of December, I was sent for—Mrs. Crawley pointed out the prisoner and Williams in New-street—I followed and took them—Jones got away, and ran down Cloth Fair.





WILLIAM GEORGE
 (City police-constable, No. 262.) I heard the alarm given when the prisoner got away, and I secured him.





EVAN THOMAS
. I live at No. 160, Aldersgate-street, about 100 yards from Crawley. The goods produced are mine, and were lost on the evening of the 30th of December, about eight or half-past eight o'clock—a pane of glass had been cracked by somebody about a fortnight before, and on this night a fresh pane was taken out, and these goods taken through it.






JAMES CATER

re-examined. The goods were about a yard from the prisoner when he was in my passage.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
