




2489. 




SARAH LLOYD
 and 




RICHARD SEAGER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
2nd of Aug., 1 purse, value 1d.; 1 sovereign; and 8 half-sovereigns; the property of 



Michael Buckley from his person.






MICHAEL BUCKLEY
. Between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, on the 2nd of Aug., I was in Plumtree-street, St. Giles's, in the act of taking some silver out of my waistcoat pocket, as there were a few holes in it, I was putting the silver into my purse, when Lloyd came down bv my side, and snatched the purse out of my hand—it contained eight half sovereigns and one sovereign, which I had been hoarding up for some time—she ran down the street—I was running after her for about seven yards, when Seager came and threw me down.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you sober? A. I was perfectly sober enough to identify either of these—I had been out all night, walking about—I had had a pint of beer, and had been in a coffee-shop—they did not lock me up for being drunk, but for protection more than any thing else—I went after the policeman—there was a mob abont me—the Magistrate did not object to my being examined because I was not sober—I had seen Seager before Lloyd ran away with my purse—they were both in Plumtree-street—Seager was on the other side of the street, and Lloyd came across to me—I will not swear that Seager did not come out of a public-house when he heard a noise at the door—when he knocked me down I ex-tricated myself as well as I could, and weat away—we found him afterwards in George-street.





EDMUND NASH
 (police-constable E 70.) Between seven and eight o'clock, that morning I saw a mob in Compton-street, The prosecutor told me he had been robbed of eight half-sovereigns and a sovereign—I went and stood at the corner of George-street for about two minutes, when a woman told me something—I ran up George-street, and saw a mob at the corner of Phnix-street—I asked the prosecutor if he could point out the woman and he

pointed out Lloyd—Seager then came over, and said, "What is the matter?"—the prosecutor said, "That is the man that knocked me down"—I took them both to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. The prosecutor had been drinking, had he not? A. Yes; and we locked him up for protection.





EDWARD HARRIS
 (police-constable E 50.) I saw the prisoners standing near the watering place in Phnix-street. After they were taken, I searched the place where they had been standing, and found five half-sovereigns—I went to the station, came out, and made further search, and found this purse thrown over into the ruins in Plum tree-street, just opposite where I found the half-sovereigns—both the prisoners had been near that spot.

MR. PAYNE
called






JOHN O'BRIEN
. I keep a beer-house at Nos. 7 and 8, George-Street, Bloomsbury. I remember the morning when the prisoners were taken—Seager came to my place between seven and eight o'clock, and staid for half an hour—he asked me for a pint of the best ale, but being a little in liquor I would not serve him—I said the best plan would be to go home—a few minutes after be went out, as there was a disturbance at the end of the stone-yard.

COURT. Q. Do you know anything of the other witnesses who are coming? A. I know some of them, not all—several of them frequent my house—Stewart does occasionally—Tool lives next door to me—he was in my house at that time—Seager has been long in the habit of coming in occasionally—he is a tailor, and lives in Church-street, Soho—I always shut up at twelve o'clock at night, and open at eight, or sometimes at seven, in the morning—I always shut up the bar at twelve o'clock—a few single young men lodge with me—sometimes I have twenty; sometimes more or less—I have two houses, with a communication between them—when I shut the bar the lodgers come in at the private door—they go out sometimes at five or six o'clock in the mom ing—I am up till about two—if they do not come in by that hour I shut them out—they have no key—I keep the key.





JAMES STEWART
. I am a hair-dresser, and live at No. 1, George-street, Bloomsbury. On the 2nd of August, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I saw a female come round the corner, and the prosecutor came after her—he was very drunk—the female ran into a passage—Seager was not there at that time.

COURT. Q. How long have you lived at No. 1? A. About nine months—I know O'Brien—I have sent for a pint of beer there, and have been in the house—he comes and is shaved at my shop—he keeps a beer-shop—I do not know whether Seager lodges there—it is a lodging-house for single men—I only know Seager by coming to my shop to be shaved—I am not much friends with him.





CHARLES TOOL
. I live at No. 6, George-street. I went into O'Brien's house about half-past seven o'clock that morning, and saw Seager there—he appeared tipsy, and O'Brien refused to serve him—I went next door, and in about five minutes I heard a disturbance in the street—I went out, and saw Seager in custody.

COURT. Q. Who lives next door to O'Brien? A. I do—I am a shoemaker—I know Mr. O'Brien, and some of the persons who lodge in his house—I do not see any of them here.





ELIZA SMITH
. I live with my mother. On the morning of the 2nd of August I was going to work, at a little after seven o'clock—I was thirsty, and called in at the public-house at the corner of Plumtree-street—I saw the prosecutor, very drunk, with three females—he staggered and fell—one of the

females pulled him up, placed him against a barrel, and told him to stand there—one of them winked at the other who had no bonnet on, to come out—they came out—one went towards George-street, and two towards Holborn—the prosecutor went towards George-street, after the woman who went there—neither of the prisoners were there.

COURT. Q. How long have you known Seager? A. I do not know him—I did not see him there.

Lloyd's Defence. I was going home and speaking to a young friend, when they took me up—the prosecutor came and said in the station, if I would give him two sovereigns he would not prosecute; if not, he would go as far as the law would allow him.
(—Cole, of Well-street; William Seard, of Hart-street;—Coleman, of King-street, Corent-garden; and—Harraden, a tailor; gave Seager a good character.)

LLOYD—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—

SEAGER—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—





Transported for Ten Years.

