





1785. 




JAMES DRISCOLL,



 JAMES CROOK, and 



DAVID MILLER
were indicted for

stealing, on the 
19th of May, 6 pairs of shoes, value 14s., the goods of 



Mary Pavey.






WILLIAM JAMES MORGAN.
I live with a brewer at Deptford. On the 19th of May, about a quarter to six o'clock in the evening, I saw the three prisoners with another person near the new church at Deptford—they walked on, and when they got down to Union-street, they parted—Driscoll was then next to Mrs. Pavey's—I was getting soy pots—I went down Union-street, and when I came up, I saw Crook take his handkerchief and cover over the shoes, which he took of Driscoll—I ran after them, but could not catch them—I am quite sure the prisoners are the persons that were there together, and there was one more with them—Crook was carrying the shoes.

Miller. Q. Was I with these boys when they stole the shoes? A. Yes were standing at the corner of Union-street, with a boy named Morphy.





ANN WILLIAMS
I live at Deptford. On Tuesday evening the 19th of May, about six o'clock, I saw Driscoll come from the prosecutor's shop, carrying some shoes on his arm—I saw Crook, but not Miller—I went in to the shop and told of it.





THOMAS COOK.
I live at Deptford. I saw Driscoll and Crook in Hughesfields that evening—they came by me as though they bed been running—Crook had got a bundle of shoes under his right arm—they were women's shoes, and were covered over—they were going to make a step—I suppose they saw me, and began to run—I am lame, or I could have caught them.

Crook. Q. You were selling ash in High-street? A. No—I had no fish—I had been to Woolwich and to London.





SARAH BOWEN.
I was in Union-street I saw the prisoner Crook pass me just as the clock struck six—he had a bundle under his arm lightly covered over—he and Driscoll were together, running fast.





JOHN EVANS
(police-constable R190.) I took Miller into custody—he denied that he had been with the other prisoners, and then said he had.






MARY PAVEY.
I am a widow. I lost six pairs of women's shoes tied together—the witness came and told me—I then missed them—they are quite lost.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
(police-sergeant R15.) I produce a certificate of Driscoll's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace's office, at Maidstone—(read)—I was present at the trial—Driscoll is the person.

DRISCOLL—


GUILTY.Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years


CROOK—


GUILTY.Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years


MILLER—


NOT GUILTY.

(There were two other indictments against Driscoll, and one against Crook.)
