



888. 




MARY RYAN
 was indicted

for that she, on the 
7th March, at the parish of 
St. Pancras, being in the dwelling-house of 



John Scully, did steal 1 cash-box, value 1s.; 3 sovereigns, 7 half-sovereigns, 35 half-crowns, 149 shillings, 34 sixpences, and 4 groats; and afterwards, at twelve o'clock in the night, feloniously and burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.






THOMAS SCULLY
. I am the son of John Scully, a cheesemonger, who lives in Keppel-street, Somers-town, St. Pancras—it is his dwelling-house—on the 7th of March, about eleven o'clock at night, I went to bed—I took the cash-box up with me—it contained between 19l. and 20l. in sovereigns, half-sovereigns, half-crowns, shillings, sixpences, and four-penny pieces—I had put the money in the box myself, and put the box on the mantlepiece in my bed-room—the key of the cash-box was in my trowsers pocket in the room—my brother slept with me—I awoke about a quarter before seven o'clock in the morning, and missed the cash-box—the prisoner was servant in the house and she was gone in the morning without notice—when I went to bed at night I left the back door shut—it might not have been bolted, but it was shut—I did not bear any one come into my bed-room—my room door was left ajar—I never do shut it—I cannot tell what time the prisoner left the house—the cash-box was found and the money all in it—it had not been opened—this is the box.

Prisoner. You gave me the box to sleep with me that night. Witness. No, I did not.





THOMAS HARRISON
. I drive a cab and live in White-Lion-street, Penton ville—I was with my cab, No. 154, at one o'clock in the morning on the 8th of March—the prisoner came to me with a bandbox under her arm—she asked me what I would drive her to Hyde-park corner for—I said two shillings—she offered 1s. 6d.—I said I could not go under two shillings—she got into the cab—I went to Hyde-park corner, and when I opened the door to let her out she had this cash-box in her hand—she said, "I cannot pay you, all my money is in this box and I cannot get it open"—she asked if I had a knife—I lent her one—she tried to open the box and could not—she asked me to try—I said, "Come out and go to the lamp-post"—she tried there but could not open it—the policeman came and took her.





DAVID CHAMPION
. (police-constable C 86.) I took the prisoner and the witness at the lamp with this box—the prisoner said she had brought it from Ireland and could not pay the cab-man till she got it open—I said I should detain them, which I did till the morning, when I heard there had been a cash-box lost from Somers-town.




GUILTY. Aged 29.—of stealing only,
—



Transported for Seven Years.

