



1711. 




WILLIAM KINGTON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of April, at 
Camberwell, 3 pairs of trowsers, value 3l.; 5 waistcoats, value 1l. 5s.; 2 coats, value 4l.; 1 brooch, value 2l.; 2 hair-pins, value 10s.; and 1 bracelet, value 10s.; the goods of 



Edmund Philips, in his dwelling-house; and that he bad been previously convicted of felony.






DANIEL NAISH
. I am a carpenter. On the 16th of April, about twelve o'clock in the day, I saw the prisoner at Rose-villa, Well-street, Camberwell—he opened the front-gate, walked up the gravel-walk, went round into the back-yard, and shut the gate after him—I could not see him after that—he went round the end of the house—I waited about ten minutes, and then rung at the bell of the front-gate—Mrs. Philips opened the front-door—I told her what I had seen—I was taking a pint of beer to the house—she took the beer, and I went into the kitchen with her—I went out, and called Mr. Burrows to help me search the house—we searched the out-house, and bottom part of the house, and found nobody-Mrs. Philips and Mr. Burrows went up stairs together to look, and gave an alarm—Mr. Burrows and I and one Smith, went up stairs, and saw the prisoner in a bed-room, standing between the bed and the window—it was a quarter of an hour after I had seen him at the back-door—Mr. Philips was on the landing—we took the prisoner, and gave him into custody to Sergeant Dinn.





ELIZA PHILIPS
. Naish gave me information—I went up stairs, looked under the bed, and saw a man there—I called Mr. Naish up to take him, and when I did so, he got up from under the bed—he was taken—I missed some hair-pins, a brooch, and a small bracelet, from the pincushion of the toilet-table—I saw the sergeant take a bundle from under the bed which the prisoner had been under—it contained some clothes of Mr. Philipi's, which were kept in the drawers of the same bed-room—I had seen them there in the morning—I have seen the trinkets since in possession of Dinn—these now produced are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You bad a servant in your employment at this time? A. Yes, I am quite sure no else one was concerned in this matter—the servant left in consequence of illness—I do not know the value of the trinkets, they were given to me.





EDMUND PHILIPS
. I came home when the prisoner was on the road to the station—I went and met Dinn, and saw this brooch, two hair-pins, and a bracelet, taken from the prisoner's pocket—after leaving him at the station, Dinn went to my house with me—on going up stairs, I found a bundle under the bed, containing the clothes now produced, tied in a handkerchief that did not belong to me—I had seen them that morning, an hour or two before.


Cross-examined. Q. Was there anybody else in your house who might have put them under the bed? A. No, we occasionally hired a person to do work for us, being without a servant—nobody was there but the girl—we have parted with her on account of illness—she was not a regular servant, but merely came for a few days—we did not know her before, but knew her family—my house is in the parish of Camberwell—I believe it is St. Giles's—I know it is in Camberwell parish—I have seen "Camberwell" on the vestry papers—I should think the clothes are worth 8l.—there is a great-coat, a dress-coat, and five waistcoats.





THOMAS BARNABAS DINN
. I am a police-sergeant. I took the prisoner in charge, and found these trinkets on him—I saw him throw a brooch and some hair-pins on the ground—I took one from his band, and the rest off the ground—I went with Mr. Philips to the house, and found a bundle under the bed.





SAMUEL WRIGHT
. I am a policeman. I produced a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I was present when he pleaded guilty, and know him to be the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
