



2249. 




MARY M'DERMOTT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of August, 1 waistcoat, value 1l.; 1 shilling, and 2 sixpences: the property of 



Mosts Cox; and that she had been before convicted of felony.







MOSES COX
. I am in the service of Johnson and Webb; they are brewers, in Bowl-yard. On the 14th of August, between one and two o'clock in the morning, I fell in with the prisoner—I asked her if she knew of a lodging-house, and she took me to No. 10, Church-street—lam married, but I could not get in at my lodgings—the prisoner went to bed with me—I gave her a shilling, and paid for the bed—I undressed and went to bed—I had a shilling, two sixpences, and two or three halfpence in my trowsers' pocket—I had a waistcoat, and that I put on the box—I did not go to sleep—I was not in bed above three quarters of an hour when the prisoner got up—she put on her gown and shawl, went to my pocket, took my money, and my waistcoat as well—I saw her just going out of the door and called to her, but she went off—I saw her on the Sunday evening following in Broad-street—I accused her of robbing me—she said she knew nothing of me, and had not been in the house—the waistcoat produced is mine.

Prisoner. You gave me 1s. 9d., and said you bad no more money—I told you I was not going to stay with you for that, and then we came down stairs.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a policeman. On Sunday night I received the prisoner from the prosecutor—she told him if he would give her 4s. she would give him the waistcoat—he refused—I took her to the station—she then said, if he would forgive her she would give the waistcoat—she then said it was at Biddy Ryan's—I went there, and found it between the sacking and the bed.

Prisoner. I said, if he would give me the rest of the 4s. that he said he would give me, I would get it him; he took me to a house, and sent for a pot of porter, and sent the boy for a policeman.





ANN CLARK
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I searched the prisoner at that time, and was present at her trial—she is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
