




87. 




JOSEPH HADLEY RIDDELL
, and 




WILLIAM MOORE ECLIPSE RIDDELL
, were again indicted 

(see page 72) for stealing a quantity of battens, deals, and iron brackets; the goods of 



Edmund Pontifex and another, their masters: to which


JOSEPH HADLEY RIDDELL pleaded—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
PARRY
conducted the Prosecution,





WILLIAM SPRIGGS
. I am a carpenter, in the employment of Messrs, Pontifex, and have been so five or six years, at a lead and chemical factory at Millwall—Joseph Riddell was the manager; I received my directions from him—William Riddell was employed there; I do not know what as—he was in the habit of giving me directions in his brother's absence, which I obeyed, without referring to Joseph—about July or Aug., 1848, the prisoners resided in Birnie-street, Greenwich—they had previously resided at the factory it Millwall—about July or Aug., 1848, I was employed in making and fitting-up a green-house with Harrison and Miller—Joseph Riddell first gave me directions about it; William was not present—in consequence of those directions I prepared a plan and estimate, and about a fortnight after set about making it—I cannot say whether William Riddell spoke to me about it before I set about making it—I made it up of some deals that came in the yard—they were brought in during the time—they were not there previously—I was ordered to select what I wanted from that sample that came in, and to give Mr. Joseph an account of them—those deals were brought in for die general purposes of the factory—I selected about ten twenty-feet deals, and ten twentv-feet battens—the deals were worth about 50s. and the battens perhaps 355.—I had to order two sawyers to cut them into the requisite thickness—the deals were about nine inches wide and three inches thick, and the battens seven inches wide and two and a half thick—I then began to work on them, alone in the first instance, in the carpenters' shop in the factory—while I was working on them William Riddell saw them—Harrison commenced working at them; it might have been the following day—William Riddell frequently saw me and Harrison working at them—I received directions from both the prisoners on the subject at different times—some window-sashes were made for the green-house, about nine in front, and fourteen sky-lights; and rafters and doors besides—perhaps I might be occupied about ten or twelve days in preparing those sashes, and Harrison perhaps rather more—during those twelve days William Riddell came frequently—it was their habit to visit us daily—it is not to be considered as twelve successive days, because there were other things to attend to—when the work was completed we took it over to Greenwich—I believe it was Mr. William who principally directed us to take the things over—Harrison and I took them—we were occupied about fourteen days, or thereabouts, in fitting up the green-house at Greenwich—William Riddell was there every day, and Joseph also—I received directions from William as well as Joseph, in reference to the fittings-up—the value of the green-house, when completed, was between 19l. and 20l.—I received my wages the whole of the time in the usual way in the counting-house, from Mr. Jones—William Riddell was not in the habit of being present when I received my wages; he might have been there at times, but he took no part in it—some iron brackets were necessary for putting up the green-house; that was for the internal fittings—I think Mr. William gave me directions to order Upstill, the smith, to make them—he made them in the

smiths'shop, at Millwall, from the iron on the premises—I received them from him when they were made—the prisoners saw me putting tip the brackets at Greenwich—the valne of the brackets might be about 8l.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were the brackets taken from the premises at the same time with the deals? A. No; I am still in Messrs. Pontifex's employment—I have had no warning to leave—the deals came into stock after the estimate was made—I cannot tell where they came from—I saw them when they were in—I do not think there were deals enough in stock before they came to have been employed on the green-house—I have used those deals for the general purposes of the factory, under Joseph Riddell's direction, on the premises—no deals were pointed out to me as being deals belonging to Joseph Riddell—I do not know who ordered the stores—this was a manufactory for chemical purposes—previous to going to Birnie-strect the prisoners lived on the premises—I am not aware that the deals in stock were applied for any repairs to the rooms they occupied en the premises—I believe they both attended every day, unless sickness prevented them—they were there on Sundays—William Riddell was ill at different times—a quantity of paint and other things are used in the factory—I do not remember receiving any directions from William with reference to the deals for the green-house—he frequently saw roe at work on the green-house; he might have given orders about it; I cannot swear that he did—the plan was prepared, and there was no variation from it.





JOHN HARRISON
. I am a carpenter, in the employment of Messrs. Pontifex, at their manufactory, at Mill wall, and was so in July, 1848—I was engaged in preparing the green-house, and afterwards in fitting it up at Greenwich—I was engaged about fourteen days in preparing it, and fourteen or fifteen days in working on it at Greenwich—I first received directions from Spriggs about it—the deals and battens were then prepared—the prisoners were in the habit of coming in to the carpenters' shop, sometimes together, sometimes alone, while we were working—a roan named Miller was also employed at it—William Riddell did not give me any directions—I went with the green-house to Greenwich on the day it was taken—William Riddell was at times present while I was fitting it up at Greenwich, and Joseph also—William gave me no orders or directions about it while I was fitting it up—Spriggs was the foreman of the carpenters, I received my orders from him—I never heard William Riddell give Spriggs orders, neither at Millwall or Greenwich—Mr. Jones paid me my wages during this time—I have since seen the materials that I fitted up at Greenwich—some of them are here.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you still in the employment of Messrs. Pontifex f A. Yes; I did not give any information to Messrs. Pontifex while this work was going on—I had no suspicion whatever.





HENRY MILLER
. I was employed in July and August, 1848, by Messrs. Pontifex, as a carpenter, at Millwall—Spriggs engaged me, and I worked under his direction.





WILLIAM UPSTILL
. I am an engine-driver, in the employment of Messrs. Pontifex. About July, 1848, 1 made some iron brackets—William Riddell told me that Spriggs wanted some made, and I made them under his orders—I have no recollection of William Riddell giving me any measurement of them—I then acted under Spriggs's orders, and made the brackets—I cannot state how long I was employed upon them, for I had other work to attend to—the prisoners might have seen me at work on them, but not that I am aware of.





WILLIAM HINDS
. I was foreman at the lead-factory at Millwall. On

3rd Aug. last the prisoners came to me, and said they had heard that I bad spoken disrespectfully of them, and through that we must part—they both spoke to me—Mr. Joseph spoke first—they said I had said they had been robbing their masters to a great extent—Joseph said he had written to Mr. Pontifex, and it was Mr. Pontifex's wish that I should be discharged forthwith—I denied having said that they had robbed their masters—they said two or three had told them the same, and therefore they must believe it—I said no more—I was discharged by them at that time—Joseph paid me my wages that evening; William was present—after paying me, Joseph said, if I wished for any personal reference at any time, he would give it—I gave up my keys on that occasion to Mr. William—he said he always wished to return good for evil, and if I wished for any personal reference, or anything they could potsibly do for me, they would do so—I afterwards went to Shoe-lane to see Mr. Pontifex, but was unable to do so—I received a character from Joseph Riddell, on 10th Aug.—I afterwards saw Mr. Pontifex.

Cross-examined, Q, Did you know anything of the removal of the deals of which this green-house was formed? A. No; I saw them at work upon the green-house—I did not know whether they were employed properly or improperly.





CHARLES JONES
. I am clerk and cashier to Messrs. Pontifex—I am prin-cipally employed at their copper factory in Shoe-lane. It was always my duty to pay the wages of the men employed in the factory at Millwall—the time-book was sent up every Saturday morning, with the account of the men's time in it reckoned out against each man, and placed to it the amount of money he ought to receive—it was put into bags by the person appointed at-Shoe-lane—the whole was given to me—I took it down to Millwall, and gave to each man and woman the amount coming to them as I received it—I always paid the wages at Millwall out of Messrs. Pontifex's money—I never received a farthing from the prisoners to pay wages with—I always went down to Millwall myself—Mr. Joseph was generally in the counting-house when I paid the wages—Mr. William's duties were very numerous; his principal duty was to attend to the women, in the white-lead works.

Cross-examined, Q, Was William very constantly there? A, I beliew always—I always considered he attended very assiduously to the works that were going on—I was never there on a Sunday—after a time his health suffered very much indeed.





EDMUND PONTIFEX
. I am partner with my brother in the copper-worki at Shoe-lane, and the factory at Millwall—Joseph Riddell was appointed our manager, about 1843; after that he requested the assistance of his brother William, and we permitted it—William had no particular duties, but was to give general assistance to his brother—he received a salary; he was a kind of joint-manager with his brother—I think William came into the employment very shortly after Joseph—I have given instructions to William in reference to his duties both in the presence of his brother and separately—I have re-peatedly given William instructions as well as Joseph, that not a single thing should go off the premises at any time without express orders from Shoe-Jane—we had generally a stock of timber in use at the factory—I gave no instructions to either of the prisoners in July or Aug. 1848, to use timber for the erection of a green-house at their house at Greenwich, neither of them told me they had done so—I received a letter from Joseph on or about 3rd Aug. last—this is it (produced)—I had received no information from either of them about the timber before that—I never received any communication

from William, and, except this letter, I never had any communication from Joseph—I had not given Joseph authority to discharge Hinds—I was constantly in the habit of seeing Joseph—about 15th Sept. last, in consequence of some information I received, I had an interview with Joseph—William was not present at that interview—I had prior to that given both the prisoners notice to leave—they had first given me notice—William and Joseph were always one and the same—William did not give me any notice either in writing or by word of mouth; what was done with one was done with the other—my communications were with Joseph, and frequently with William together, constantly, they were together at the works.

Q. In reference to their being discharged, had you any communication with Joseph and William? A. I believe they were both together frequently and talking about it—after they first gave me notice they wished to retract it, and earnestly wished me to continue them—that was about April or May last—I told them that I had not felt satisfied with the repeated charges that had been made against them, and their whole conduct whilst they were with us, and therefore, 1 could not allow them to retract it; and in July, a Mr. Durdon came in the place of Joseph Riddell—I have seen William Riddell's hand-writing very often (looking at a book)—I have no doubt whatever that the whole of this is his writing, and this also (looking at another).

Cross-examined. Q. If I understand you aright, you authorized Joseph to take his brother into the concern? A. I did; I cannot recollect whether I had any direct communication with William until he had been hired by his brother—it is six years ago; I cannot recollect either one way or the other—he had thirty shillings a week—Joseph had at first 150l. a year, then 500l., then 250l.—the operations were not very extensive—in the course of five years, 100,000l. worth of stock passed through their hands, lead, and a variety of things—the deals that were brought on the premises were for repairs of the factory, making utensils for the factory, boards for the white-lead works, and for a variety of purposes attaching to the place—we have a variety of timber-merchants—we paid them at Shoe-lane—we no doubt bought them cheaper than a small consumer would—sometimes they were sent direct to Millwall by the timber-merchant, and sometimes a barge has been sent—Joseph was allowed to occupy some portion of our premises, and William with him—the permission was originally given to Joseph—I do not think he occupied the premises at first, but I cannot charge my memory—it was a very short time after, as soon as the rooms could be got ready.

COURT. Q. What interval of time was there between Joseph's first commencing the superintendence and William's coming to his assistance? A, I cannot charge my memory with that, but I think only a very short time—I think he very soon introduced his brother—I do not think it was so much as three months; as far as my recollection goes I should say between three and four weeks, but I cannot recollect at this distance of time one way or the other—Joseph had no authority to order any stores into the factory—I believe he has frequently done it, for which we have sent reprimands down to him, prohibiting him from doing so—he was authorized to order some little tubs, but never deals and battens.





JOSEPH HEDINGTON
 (City policeman, No, 20). I apprehended Joseph Riddell on 15th Sept. last, and William on the 18th, in Birnie-street, Greenwich—I told William I was an officer, that he was charged with his brother with stealing sixteen sacks and a half of coke, a quantity of wood, a quantity of tartar, and other goods; the property of Messrs. Pontifex—I am not quite

clear whether I used the word "wood,' I think I did—he said it was a bad job—I searched the house at Greenwich, and found the green-house there, the materials of which have been removed, a portion of them are outside—I found these two books in the house—I went to the flour-sack factory, at Lee; that was on the 15th, after apprehending Joseph—I went to the house is Birnie-street, and saw William; that was previous to my taking him into custody—I then told him that his brother was in custody on a charge of robbery, and I said I must search the place—I then brought away a quantity of papers—I asked him if they had a factory at Lee—he said they bad—I asked him who I should find in charge of it—he said a man named Godwin, and he directed me where to find it—I asked him to give me up all the books and papers that he had relative to the factory at Lee, and he gave me these among some others—(These books were headed "J. H. and W. M. E. Riddell."






EDMUND PONTIFIZ

re-examined. Until the policeman found these books I was not aware that the prisoners were carrying on a factory at Lee—they had no right, as my servants, to carry on an independent business without my knowledge.
(Richard Beck, optician, of 6, Coventry-street, and William Fawcett, timber-merchant, of Mill wall, deposed (together with the witnesses examined in the last case) to the prisoners' good character.)

WILLIAM RIDDELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—



Confined Twelve Months.

(The prosecutor stated that his loss was considerably above 1000l.)
