



1389. 




HENRY JONES HARRISON
 was indicted

 for the willful murder of 



Ann Ford.—2nd Count, describing her as 



Ann Harrison.—He was also charged on the Corner's inquisition with feloniously killing and slaying the said 



Ann Ford.


MR. CLANKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH JONES
. I am a window, and live at 6, Dunstan-place, Ratcliffe. I knew the deceased, Ann Ford, for about eighteen months—she lived with the prisoner in the same house that I lived in—last Saturday month, I think it was, between ten and eleven o'clock at night as near as I can guess, she asked me to go to market with her—I did so—we were gone about half-an-hour—I think it was near upon twelve o'clock when we returned—we both had our laps full of things, butter, tea, sugar, cabbages, potatoes, and other things—I went up to her room with her—we got in by the door—it was shut—she pulled the panel of the door out—that had been broken a long time ago—she then put her hand in and unlocked it—she did not kick the panel of the door out—Mr. Harrison had kicked it out—we went in, and she put the things on the table—the prisoner was then sitting on his chair asleep, as I thought—he had not been awakened by anything, we did not make any noise—on her putting the things on the table, he got up—he never spoke a syllable, nor she either, but he flung the things out of the window—she did not say or do anything—she was going out of the room, he hopped across the room after her, knocked her down with his fist against the landing-place, and then kicked her—she

had not said or done anything to him while he was throwing the things out of the window—I cannot say where he kicked her—she did not speak when she was kicked—as soon as he did it I ran down stairs for a policeman, and saw no more of it—she remained on the ground when I ran down—I was frightened, and did not go up again—I was gone not above five minutes, if so long—I did not go up again—I stopped down stairs in the parlour—I did not see her on my return—the policeman came, and went up stairs—a young woman, named Ann Kitchen, went along with him—she is not here—I did not go with him—I saw the deceased the next day, Sunday—I cooked her dinner—she was then in bed, and appeared very bad indeed—I saw her again on Monday, she was then getting worse and worse—I attended her till her death, which was on a Sunday morning at one o'clock—the prisoner desired me to attend her, and gave me 3s. a week for it—I got the first 3s., and I got no more—she lived three weeks to the very day—I did not hear the prisoner use any expressions towards her, before he got up and knocked her down, or any bad word come out of his month.

COURT. Q. Are you sure you did not hear him say anything? A. No, I did not, but when he returned again into the room, before I got out, he gave me a knock over the head, and said "D—my eyes I will serve you the same"—I never mentioned this to anybody, only to the people of the house—I was stunned by the knock he gave me.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Had you been drinking? A. No—I had been out at my son's—I had had nothing to drink during the whole night—I had not been into any public-house with the deceased—I had gone out with her between ten and eleven o'clock marketing—when I came back I found the prisoner's door fastened—she knocked, but we could not get in—we got no answer—then she got the panel out, and got in that way—we found him asleep, he started suddenly up from his sleep, and threw the things out of the window—neither of us spoke—she was frightened of him, and I was afraid to speak when I found he was in such a pet and knocked her down.





ELIZABETH MARY DALCHON
. I am the wife of Joseph Dalchon, of No. 6, Dunstan's-place—he keeps the house. I remember the prisoner coming home to his lodging the night the deceased was beaten—he lived with her—it was, as nearly as I can guess, about ten o'clock—I lit him up stairs, and when he got into the room he locked the door, and I heard him say that no one should come in that night—the deceased was then out—he did not inquire for her when he came in—he was in liquor—the deceased came in in about half-an-hour—I lit her up stairs, and told her that Mr. Harrison had come home—she knocked repeatedly at the door, and asked him to let her in—he never answered—the panel of the door had been broken open nine months or so age—they had fastened it inside very temporarily—the deceased pushed in the panel of the door—Mr. Ince was then on the stairs, not where we were, she was on the other stairs—this was a middle room—there are two flights of stairs to the house—the deceased removed the panel, and then could reach the key and unlock the door—the prisoner did not wake, as we heard—he did not speak—I went to the door—I did not go in—the prisoner never moved out of his chair—it was after that, that the deceased and Mr. Ince went to market together—I remember their returning with some articles they had purchased—I let them in, and they followed me into my room, which is the front parlour, and showed me their marketing—I then list them both up stairs again, and they went into the room—the deceased has fastened the door again, so that she could let herself in—she

got in without any difficulty—the door was open—they unlocked the door themselves—she had locked herself out when she went out, and when she came home, by putting her hand inside, she got in each way alike—I had only got from the stairs into my room, when I instantly heard a scuffle—I was in the parlour underneath—I had gone down after lighting them up—I ran to the bottom of the stairs to see what was the matter, and saw Mr. Ince coming down stairs as fast as she could, crying—I then heard the deceased crying at the top of the stairs, and calling "Police!" and "Murder!"—I heard her say twice before the policeman was fetched, "Oh, Harry, you have murdered me!"—that was while Mr. Ince was gone for the policeman—I afterwards saw a bundle of wood and two or three potatoes out in the road—the policeman came—he went up stairs, and I went away again—I do not know why I did not go up stairs—I stood by the parlour-door—the deceased continued to cry, after the policeman left—I heard the prisoner's voice several times after the policeman left—he came down to look for the policeman—I heard him say at the time he was in a passion, it appeared to me when he was hitting her, "I will do for you, you b—"—that was before the policeman came—I heard him say it several times during the night—I heard him say it before the policeman came, after Mr. Ford and Mr. Ince had gone up, when I went to the bottom of the stairs—I heard him say it several times in the course of the night, but not till after I first heard the scuffling—there was a second scuffling after the policeman was gone—two policeman came—only one went up stairs—that one went away, and did not return again—one policeman came to the door, and went away instantly—he did not go up stairs—after he went away, I again heard more scuffling—the prisoner came to the bottom of the stairs to look for the policeman, to ask him if he wanted a shilling—I heard him say that, because it was at my own door—I heard him quarrelling with the deceased after that—he made use of bad language to her several times, calling her out of her name, and such words as I said just now—their room was over my head, so that I could hear the scuffling and wrangling—after the second policeman was gone, I heard him scolding her, and telling her to hold her noise, because she was groaning—I heard him swearing, and telling her to hold her noise—I heard her all night groaning, until the morning—it was late when it happened—it was early when they went out in the morning, and I could not rest at all—my bed is under them, and I heard them as I lay in bed—I heard her say to him in the night, "Oh, my stomach! Oh, my stomach!" the whole night—I did not hear her say anything else, that I can call to mind now—she was using just the same sort of language all night, groaning and making complaints about her being in such pain—I heard her say several times in the night, "Oh, you have murdered me, Harry! Oh, you have murdered me!"—I was not examined before the Coroner.

Cross-examined. Q. On the second occasion, when Mr. Ford came home with these things, was the panel still out? A. Yes—it had not been replaced—there was no necessity for her to break it open again, only gently to remove it—it was not fixed in again—she broke it in the first time—the prisoner was very drunk when I saw him—the deceased was not in the habit of being out late at night—Mr. Ince fetched a policeman—the first policeman did not go up stairs—he only came to the door and went away again—I do not know how that was—I do not know whether that was the policeman Mr. Ince brought—she did bring a policeman—he went up stairs, and went away again—I do not know whether that was because she would not give him in charge—I never heard her give him in charge—the policeman said he went away because she would not give him in charge—I did not hear him say so—I

did not go up stairs—my sister lit the policeman up—I did not hear why he went away—I made a communication to him, and after that he went away.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What did you tell the policeman? A. That I wondered he did not take the charge—that was to Barry—he said she would not give him into custody.





PATRICK BARRY
 (police-constable K 78.) On Saturday night, the 15th of May, about half-past eleven o'clock, I was called to No. 6, Dunstan-place—on arriving at the door I heard screams of "Murder!" and "police!" from the first floor—I took a light and went up stairs—when I got on to the landing the deceased came from the door of the first floor front room—she appeared to be sober—she pulled up her petticoats and said, "Oh my belly! he has kicked me"—the prisoner stood at the door at the time, within hearing—he asked me what brought me to the room—I told him I would let him know if he did not keep himself quite—I asked the deceased if she would give him in charge—she said "No," and I came away—I did not feel myself justified in taking him in charge after her refusal.

Cross-examined. Q. I presume you saw no mark whatever? A. No—if the deceased had given him into custody I should have taken him—I should not take upon myself to apprehend a person unless I actually see the violence committed—she pulled up her clothes, so as to show me where he kicked her—I saw no mark there.





EDWARD BILSON
. I am inspector of the K division of police. In consequence of directions received from Mr. Ballantine, the Magistrate, on Wednesday, the 2nd of June, about twelve o'clock, I went to No. 6, Dunstanplace, Ratcliffe, and found the deceased and the prisoner there—I took him into custody, Mr. Cleland, the surgeon, was also present—he told the deceased she was in a dangerous condition, and any statement she made would be taken down by me in writing, by the direction of the Magistrate—she appeared to understand what Mr. Cleland said to her—she then made a statement in the presence of the prisoner—I took down from her lips accurately what she said—she was not sworn—she made the statement herself, in answer to my saying that I was directed to take down any statement she had to make relative to the injury—I read it over to her, and saw her sign it—she was not told that she was in a dying state. but that she was in a dangerous condition—the prisoner said nothing in the course of the statement she made—( the court held that the statement could not be read.)





ALLAN CLELAND
. I am a surgeon, and live at Ratcliffe. On the 17th of May I was called to attend the deceased—I found her in bed, labouring under a great deal of inflammation of the peritoneum—I attended her till her death—she apparently improved for about a week—when I first examined her there was a sight yellowness about the pit of the stomach, but I was very doubtful whether that was the result of an injury or not—after the end of the week she became much worse, the pains returned with a great deal more violence than at first, the bowels appeared to swell very much—that indicated effusion in the cavity of the abdomen—those symptoms increased till she died, which was last Sunday week, early in the morning—it did not appear to me that she was labouring under any other complaint than that which she communicated to me—after her death I made a post mortem examination—I examined the gall-bladder, and found it ruptured—that was the primary cause of death—that would cause inflammation of the peritoneum, which was the immediate cause of death, and would be followed first by

severe pain, and then by effusion—a violent blow would be very likely to cause a rupture of the gall-bladder, or any other violence externally applied—the rupture was about half an inch in extent—I did not detect that injury till after death—that would be quite impossible—the symptoms would show inflammation and violence, but the nature of it could not be detected till after death—I examined the viscera generally, and found them all healthy, with the exception of the liver—I found no injury about the liver that would account for death—the tinge of yellow on the stomach was very nearly over the gall-bladder—I examined the head—there was nothing about it to indicate any cause of mortality—the rupture of the gall-bladder was quite sufficient to account for the death.
(Isabella White, a widow, who had known the prisoner three years and a half, gave him a good character.)




GUILTY of Manslaughter. Aged 38.—




Transported for Life.

