





1906. 




WILLIAM KING
 and 




JOSEPH DAVIS
 were indicted for

 that they, being in the dwelling-house of 



George Wright, at three in the night, on the 
29th of June, at 

St. Luke, did steal therein 6 spoons, value 3l. 14s.; 2 salt-cellars, value 1s.; the goods of 



George Wright; and that they burglariously did break out of said dwelling-house: and 




FREDERICK DREW



, that he, before the said felony was committed, did incite, move, and procure the said William King and Joseph Davis to do and commit the said felony.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN ROBERTS
 (police-sergeant G 1.) At a quarter before four o'clock, on the morning of the 29th of June, I was on duty; in Worship-street, and saw King and Davis—I stopped King, and asked what be had got in his pocket—after fumbling some time, be pulled out one of' these salts—he said he bought it—I searched his pocket, and pulled out the fellow salt—he said he bought that—I saw some salt round it—I then gave him to another officer—I searched Davis, and asked what he bad—he made no answer—I found on him four silver tea-spoons and a salt-spoon, in his jacket pocket—he said be picked them up in the street—he did not say when—I took him towards the station—in going along, I saw him fumbling with his left hand in his trowsers' pocket—I searched him, and found a gravy-spoon and table-spoon, slipping down between his trowsers and his leg—Drew was not in custody when we locked up the other two.





GEORGE WRIGHT
. I am an oilman and live in Goswell-street. I slept at home on the night of the 28th of June—I was called up next morning, about seven o'clock—I went down, and found the parlour-door broken open, the lack forced, and the cupboard-door broken open—the parlour-door communicates with the passage—the parlour-door had been safe over night—the cupboard was in the parlour—the chest of drawers were in the parlour—the keys of them were in the cupboard, which they took out—the contents of the drawers were all over the floor—I missed one salt-spoon, four tea-spoons, 2 glass salts, and a gravy-spoon, worth between 3l. and 4l.—the spoons produced bear my initials—I had an iron chest in my parlour—they had got the handle off that, but had not opened it—they got into my cellar, and regaled themselves with wine, and gin-and-water, and burnt an immense quantity of lucifers—I had seen the house all safe at half-put eleven—I did not find any marks of external violence—I think Drew let them in—he had been in my service about a month—my servant is not here who called me up—the outer door was open—she was down before me—my house is in the parish of St. Luke's—I cannot give any information how any one got out—Drew slept in my house occasionally—he did not sleep there that night—I did not see him go away that night—I did not see him after ten—he came the next morning half an hour later than usual—I told him I had been robbed the night before—he appeared confused—after King and Davis were committed I went to Pentonville, and I ascertained that Drew had been repeatedly seen in their company—I gave Drew into custody on the 29th—I told him I suspected he was connected with the two persons who got into my place—he began crying, and said, "I have

known them these three weeks—they hare been bothering me to tell where your property was—I told them you had got it in an iron chest, and likewise the best way to get into your house was through the cellar-flip"—he said he did not let them in—he believed they did get in there.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. This property is under 5l. value? A. Yes.





GEORGE FISHER
 (police-constable G 188.) I have heard what the sergeant said—it is correct—while I was going to the station with Drew, he said he suspected the party was going to get into the house that night—I asked him what party—lie said the two men that were then locked up.





HENRY REDMAN
 (police-constable G 224.) I examined the premises, and found marks in the parlour—I examined the cellar-flap next morning, and I do not think it had been removed at all—it comes out on the foot-pavement in Wellington-street—this padlock of the cellar door had been wrenched off—I do not think any one got in %from outside—I think they had been let in.
(John Hughes, a green-grocer, gave Davis a good character.)

KING—


GUILTY
 Aged 19.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Seven Years.

DREW—


NOT GUILTY
.
