



1425. 




ALFRED MOODY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Crooks, at 

St. George Bloomsbury, about the hour of one in the night of the 
2nd of July, and stealing therein 3 brooches, value 30s.; 1 purse, 1s.; 1 thimble, 1s.; 1 knife, 6d.; 1 handkerchief, 1s.; 1 pair of gloves, 6d.; 1 shilling, 1 groat, and 1 penny, his property.







ELIZA CROOKS
. I am the wife of George Crooks, of Kenton-street. On Thursday night, the 2nd of July, I went to bed about eleven o'clock-the drawing-room window was about one inch open—I did not shut it on account of the heat of the weather, the door was closely shut—between two and three o'clock, I was awoke by a noise in my room, by a person about to lift up the lid of my box under my dressing-table—my husband was sleeping with me—a rush-light was burning in the room—I saw the person in the act of stooping or looking down—he took three brooches off my pin-cushion—I could not arouse my husband very quickly, and during that time the person escaped, as I suppose, by the drawing-room window, for it was found wide open—he dropped one of the brooches at the bed-side as he left the room—the drugget in the drawing-room had a great deal of filth on it—the articles stated in the indictment were missing—these two brooches produced are my husband's property.





ELIZA SOPHIA CROOKS
. I am the daughter of the last witness. I west to bed about eleven o'clock—I placed my gown on a hook behind the door-the pen-knife, thimble, and purse were in my pocket—next morning I found all the things gone out of my pocket—this purse, thimble, and knife are mine.





JOSEPH DONALDSON
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce two brooches, pawned at my employer's by a female, between eleven and twelve o'clock on Friday—I gave her a ticket.





JOHN GREY
 (policeman.) On the 2nd of July, about eleven o'clock I observed the prisoner with two other lads about his own age, and a little boy, going along the side of the street that Mr. Crook's house is on—in about half-an-hour after I saw them return, on the opposite side and go down to-wards Judd-street—about one o'clock I observed them again, and directly after I saw the other two and the boy, but the prisoner was not with them then.

Prisoner. Q. Was I not sitting on the step of the door? A. There nobody sitting on the step of the door the whole evening, when I went up the street.





JOSEPH FARRER
 (policeman.) I produce two knives, a shilling, a purse, silver thimble, two duplicates, a comb, and a knife, which I found on the prisoner—one duplicate corresponds with the pawnbroker's duplicate for the brooch—I found them on the 4th of July, about half-past one o'clock, not on the night of the robbery—the robbery was on the 2nd.





ELIZA CROOKS

re-examined. My bed-room door was closed—my husband went to bed last.





GEORGE CROOKS
. I am the husband of the last witness—I went to bed about half-past twelve o'clock—I am sure I shut the bed-room door.

Prisoner's Defence. I saw a man drop the things in the street and walk away.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

