





728. 




JOHN FOGGERTY,



 JAMES CRAIN
, and 




WILLIAM CARRALL
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
27th of Jan., 288Ibs. weight of lead, value 2l., the goods of 



Benjamin Bond Cabbell, Esq., and fixed to a building, &c.—2nd COUNT, not stating it to be fixed; and that Foggerty and Crain had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM ROSS
 (police-constable D 157.) A few minutes before nine o'clock, on Friday evening, the 27th of Jan., I was in plain clothes, in the New Road, near Lower Lisson-street—the prisoners were all three standing together, about a dozen yards up Lower Lisson-street—they were talking together—I went up Lower Lisson-street to meet them—they separated about a yard apart, and came to meet me—I went on, and passed Crain, who came first—I then passed Carrall, with this piece of lead on his left shoulder—it was not a dozen yards from Mr. Cabbell's house, which is No. 14—I turned sharp round, and followed Carrall—Foggerty was behind me—Crain got first to the New Road, looked right and left, and then beckoned Carrall to come on—Crain went towards Homer-street, to the left, and Carrall went straight across—Foggerty said to me, "Master, what is it o'clock?"—I crossed, took hold of Carrall, and said, "What are you going to do with that lead?"—he said, "My mate behind just picked it up, and I am going to take it to the station-house"—I took hold of him, he dropped the lead, I sprung my rattle, and the others ran away—Crain towards Homer-street—I did not see where Foggerty went—I took Carrall to the station—shortly after another officer brought in

Crain—Carralle then said that Crain had picked it up—" No," said Crain, "I did not; it was the other picked it up, who is not here"—in halt an hour afterwards Foggerty was bronght in—I am positive he was with the others, and said, "Master, what is it o'clock?"—I went back about half an hour after, and saw some mortar disturbed at No. 14, Lower Lisson-street, on the wall, by the side of the door—that attracted my attention to examine further—I waited till the constable came up—I knocked at the door, and a female answered me—I ultimately went on the portico, and discovered a lot of lead had been removed—this piece of lead, which I took from Carrall, was folded in the same form as it is now, but I unfolded it to match it with the lead—there were three pieces of lead remaining on the portico—they had been folded, but have been unfolded since—I unfolded the three pieces and the one I took from Carrall, and applied them to the portico, and the whole four pieces formed the whole of the cover of the portico—there was no doubt about it, and it had been recently cut—I live in a house nearly opposite No. 14, and saw this lead was perfectly safe at four o'clock that afternoon—I put my head out when my bell rang, and saw the lead.





MATTHEW RIERDON
 (police-constable D 135.) About nine o'clock that night I heard the rattle sprung—I went in the direction, and saw Crain running along the New Road—he turned into Homer-street—I cried, "Stop thief," and sprung my rattle—I was in plain clothes—I saw him stopped in John-street by a policeman in uniform—I had not lost sight of him—as soon as I took him he said, "I have done nothing; I don't know what it is"—I said, "You must come back with me; I don't know what it it, but perhaps we shall find out"—he tried to get his hand into his jacket pocket—I said, "Keep your hand out"—I put my hand into hit pocket, and found this chisel, which appears to have been very sharp, but the edge is turned by using it—it would have taken a very considerable time for one man to have cut these four pieces of lead from the portico, and to roll them up—at the station Carrall pointed to Crain, and said, "He picked it up, and gave it to me"—Crain answered, "It was not me, it was the one not here."





HILL BECK
 (police-constable D 127.) I took Foggerty about nine o'clock at night, on the 47th of Jan., at his mother's room in Holles-street—I said I wanted him about some lead—he said, "Very well, I will go with you"—when we got to John-street, I asked him if he knew Carrall and Crain—he said "Yes, I was with them this afternoon"—he then said, "This is a rum job, is it not?"—I took him to the station—I found in his mother's room such a jacket as he used to wear—I went next morning to the portico, and saw the lead had been removed—there is 288lbs. of it.





BENJAMIN BOND CABBELL, ESQ
. I live in Brick-court, Temple. The house, No. 14, Lower Lisson-street, is my property.

Carrall's Defence. There was a gentleman and five or six people standing together; this lead laid against the lamp, against the old chapel; they told me to take it to the station, and I might get 1s. to get a drop of beer; I turned the right way to the station, and met this officer; I told him how I got it.





WILLIAM ROSS

re-examined. He never told me so.





HENRY SAUNDERS
 (police-sergeant D 26.) I produce a certificate of the conviction of Crain, by the name of James Geer, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—Crain is the person I then saw tried and convicted.





THOMAS HARRISON
. I was a sergeant of police. I produce a certificate of Foggerty's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace at Clerkenwell—(read)—he is the person who was then tried by the name of John Winter, which is his right name.

FOGGERTY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

CRAIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for seven Years.


CARRALL—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.

