





1673. 




CHARLES HALEY,



 DANIEL DWYER
, and 




WILLIAM JAMES CARROLL
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Christopher List, about two o'clock, on the 
13th of
July, at 
St. Paul, Covent-gnrden, with intent to steal; and that Haley had been before convicted of felony.







CHRISTOPHER LIST
. I am the landlord of the Marquis of Anglesey public-house in Bow-street, in the parish of St. Paul, Covent-garden—I rent the house and live in it—on Saturday mght, the 12th of July, I shut my house myself at a quarter past twelve—I was the last person up—I saw everything secure, and went to bed—about two o'clock in the morning I was called up by the constable, who was outside my front door—I let him in—my front door was fastened, and my house was just as I had left it, except a trapdoor between two walls, which was burst open—that door was a part of the house—it is between an old wall and a new one which they had been erecting—it is between the old house next door, which was under repairs, and my house, and led into my passage between the bar and the tap-room—there was a vacancy in the wall in consequence of repairs, and that door was put to supply it, so that in fact it formed part of the wall—I found it had been forced open from the other side into my passage—they must have got at it from the house which was under repair—it had not been left open—it was fastened—I found a drawer in my bar had been tried at by some instrument, and there were marks of a screw-driver on it which corresponded with the marks of one which was brought by one of the officers.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Had you fastened the next house yourself? A. No—I was informed it was safe—there is a wall between my house and the next—the old wall was partly pulled down, and the new one erected—there was a space between the old wall and the new, the width of the door, and this door was placed between the two—it belonged to me—it was fastened with iron hold-fasts, and was temporarily put up on Saturday night—it was not intended to open, but it was put up to secure the house—this screw-driver was brought to me directly after two o'clock—there were marks in the drawer evidently to be seen—the policeman tried the screw-driver to it—he did not say, "I will go and see if there are any marks"—there was nothing broken open, and nothing missed—I saw the marks in the drawer before I saw the screw-driver—the policeman had taken the prisoners away before I came down to let him in—when he came back he had not the screw-driver in his hand—he took it ont of his pocket in the bar—he told me there was a screw-driver, which he had picked up—I went to bed a second time about three o'clock, and laid till about seven.





JAMES BRACKENBURY
. I am a carpenter, and was employed at No. 23, Russell-street, the adjoining premises to Mr. List. We were rebuilding a party-wall between the Marquis of Anglesey and the house which was repairing—I put up a door in a temporary way, about four o'clock on Saturday afternoon—I merely put a holdfast or two and a bit of wood—the wall had been condemned by the district surveyor—we had pulled part of it down, and there was a vacancy of about eighteen inches between that and the new wall, and I fastened up this door—the adjoining house was empty—I went to work on the Monday morning, about nine o'clock—I found the door had been disturbed, but it was then put up again—there was no staple to that door, nor padlock—there was to the front door of the house No. 23, Russell-street, and the staple was wrenched off that, and the padlock undone.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Were you the last person in that house? A. I think I was—I saw the outer door locked—this

middle door was just put up to keep out the wind—I cannot recollect whether the wind was high.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. The door did not exactly fill up the gap? A. Not exactly, but I could not get in without pushing it down—I had nothing to do with Mr. List's house—I was at work at the next house, but I put up the door on Mr. List's side to keep the publican from coming in to us—I went away on that Saturday night about half-past five o'clock.





WILLIAM CHADWICK
 (police-sergeant F 2.) At a quarter before two o'clock on Sunday morning, the 13th of July, in consequence of information, I went to an empty house, No. 23, Russell-street—the side of that house communicates with Mr. List's—I found the door of that house fastened—I sent for a ladder, and directed one or two of the officers to get up and go in—at the moment they entered the first floor window the door of the house No. 23 opened, and Haley and Dwyer came out—I ran up, and struck Haley's back—he fell on Carroll—I caught at Haley with my right hand, and Carroll with my left—I called out to the officer that there was another lad gone backwards, and he presently called out that he had got him—the door of No. 23 was forced open, and the door in the wall appeared forced off the nails, which were sticking out—I saw a screwdriver picked up by Blunden, and a box of matches was picked up by another officer—I called up Mr. List, and he showed me where the door was, and I found it was the same door that was forced open—on the Sun-day night I went on duty again, and I saw some marks, which I compared the screw-driver with, and it fitted—it had been compared with them on the first occasion, but not in my presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What time were you alarmed? A. About a quarter past two—I first saw the screw-driver after we went back to Mr. List's—it was lying on the ground near where Haley had been—I saw it just as Blunden was stooping to pick it up—it was easy to open the door of No. 23 from Russell-street—it only had a common hasp

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You acted according to some information? A. Yes, from Blunden—we took the prisoners to the station, and charged them with being in an empty house, for an unlawful purpose.





THOMAS BLUNDEN
 (police-constable F 93.) At a quarter before two o'clock, on the morning of the 13th of July, I went to No. 23, Russell-street—I listened, and heard footsteps—I did not observe the door—it was closed at that time—the door opened, and I apprehended Haley, coming out—sergeant Chadwick apprehended Carroll, and Dowsett apprehended Dwyer in the shop—we took them all to the station, and I went back to the empty house, and found this screw-driver.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. The prisoners were a little drunk, I believe? A. I did not observe it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You gave information to sergeant Chadwick? A. Yes, and I went there from information that I had received.





JAMES DOWSETT
 (police-constable F 136.) I wenfwith sergeant Chadwick to No. 23, Russell-street—a ladder was brought there—I entered the house by the first floor window, and saw Dwyer making towards the back of the house—I followed, and took him—I afterwards picked up a box of matches in the shop.






GEORGE HURST
 (police-constable F 76.) I produce a certificate of Haley's former conviction, at Clerkcnwell—(read—Convicted 10th Dec, 1839, and confined four months, four weeks solitary)—he is the person.

HALEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

DWYER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

CARROLL—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.






Transported for Ten Years.

