



1447. 




WILLIAM WOOLFE
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



William Ching, cutting and wounding him in and upon his head, right temple, and face, with intent to maim and disable him.—2nd COUNT, to do grievous bodily harm.—3rd COUNT, to prevent the lawful apprehension of 


William Pickley.


MR. CLARK
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM CHING
 (police-sergeant D 23.) On Tuesday afternoon, the 2nd of June, about six o'clock, I was on duty in Duke-street, Manchester-square—in consequence of a disturbance in Edwards'-mews, I went in there and saw two men fighting—George Thornton, another constable, came there at the same time—I separated the men, and they were taken away by their friends—then were about 100 people of the lowest character in the mews, who were dispersing, as the men were taken away—I saw William Pickley there—he said he would mark me, and struck me twice in the face—in consequence of that I took him into custody—many of the mob came back, and the prisoner amongst them—I have known him three or four years—he took hold of Pickley with one hand and me with the other, and said, "I am b—if you shall-take him"—I said I would take him, and still kept hold of Pickley—the prisoner kept hold of me till I let go of Pickley, and then the prisoner ran away in tie crowd—I got hold of Pickley again, the prisoner struck me in the breast, and said, "I am b—life you shall take him, I will have your b----life first"—some one caught hold of my arms and held them behind me—I had my staff in my hand at the time—I did not use it—the mob laid hold of my harms and held it down—Pickley at that time struck me a blow on the mouth—my hat was struck off at that time, and then I received a blow on my right temple which made me senseless—I bad hold of Pickley at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. FORSTER. Q. Will you swear you did use your staff on the persons of the seconds in that fight? A. Yes—I did not strike them at all—I had not a chance—I would have done so if I had had a chance—the mob did not cry out "Shame!" at my conduct—they knew the character of the parties—they did not cry out "Shame!" at all—I did not use my staff on any occasion—I did not strike the prisoner—I tried to do so—that was before I received the injury—I had not power to do it after I had received this blow—I had received blows, but not this one—I endeavoured to strike Pickley after that first blow—I went to do the best I could to get the crowd away quietly.






GEORGE THORNTON
 (police-constable D 109.) On Tuesday, the 2nd of June, about six o'clock, I went into Edwards'-mews to assist Serjeant Ching—we separated two men who were fighting there, and the crowd were dispersing—Pickley came up to Ching, and said, "I will mark you"—Ching called to me to assist in taking Pickley into custody—the prisoner came up to, Chjng, he said he should not take him, and struck Cbing a blow on the breast-Ching at that time had got hold of Pickley on one side, and I on the other—the prisoner ran a short distance away—Ching followed him, but seeing that I was almost overpowered with Pickley, I believe he came back to me—the prisoner came back a second time, and tried to take hold of him again—he made a blow at Ching, and said, "You b——take that"—he struck him, and turned round and struck me in the eye—he made a blow at Ching, and knocked his hat off—he then went a short distance out of the crowd, and picked up this brick (producing it), came towards Ching, about five or six yards from him, threw the brick at Ching, and hit him on the right temple—Ching's hat was off at the time—the prisoner looked at Ching, and seemed taking an at him—the crowd seemed to make way for him—he was clear of the other people—he was caught by some one in the crowd—I picked up the brick immediately, and have had it ever since—I am quite sure the prisoner is the man—I was as near to him as I am to his Lordship.

Cross-examined. Q. There was very great excitement that evening? A. Yes; the mob seemed sorry we came to spoil their sport—I cannot say that the prisoner was annoyed at my interference—we had not been very busy with our staves—Ching drew his when he was struck—I will swear he did not ate it—I did not draw mine till I was down on the ground, and had to fight my way out of the crowd—I did not hear the prisoner say that he would see fair play—he endeavoured to rescue his companion, who I was going to take to the station—I swear I did not hear the mob cry out, "Shame!"—I will swear that in the crowd of a 100 people I saw the prisoner take up the brick—the people seemed to be separate from him—he was a little distance out of the crowd by himself—there were only a few people between him and me-there were some—I positively swear he is the man—I have not the least doubt of him.

MR. CLARKE. Q. You spoke to the prisoner in the crowd, I believe? A. Yes: he made no answer.





PHILLIP AUGUSTUS WOODS
. I am a carman and live at Robinson's Cottages, Francis-place, Pimlico. On Tuesday evening, the 2nd of June, I was in Edwards'-mews, and saw Ching and Thornton—Pickley and the prisoner were there together—Pickley came up and faced Ching, and Ching told him to mind his own business, and not to interfere with him—he was taken into custody—the prisoner came behind Ching, and tried to take his truncheon away—Ching went to another part of the mob—I went to a doorway, and taw the prisoner pick up a brick—he held it in his hand about a minute, took aim, and threw it at Ching—he was about six or seven yards from Ching at the time.

COURT. Q. How near were you to the prisoner? A. About three yards, in a direction between him and Ching—I have known the prisoner from seven to nine years by sight, and have not the least doubt he is the man who flung the brick.

Cross-examined. Q. You were there to see the fight? A. I was not there when it began—I did not see either of the police-constables use their staves—they had them out—I did not hear the mob cry, "Shame!"—I heard some women shouting—they did not seem to like the conduct of the police—they thought the police were going to use their staves—I was three yards

from the prisoner when he took up the brick—there Was no one between us there were people about—I did not hear the prisoner say he would see fair play, or remonstrate at all.

MR. CLARKE. Q. You had a distinct view of the prisoner and Ching at the time the brick was thrown? A. Yes.





THOMAS MARVIN
. I live in Duke-street, Manchester-square, and assist my father, who is a boot-maker. On the 2nd of June I heard a disturbance, and went into Edwards'-mews—I have known the prisoner six months—I saw him and Ching there—the prisoner threw a brick, which knocked Ching down; that is, he would have fallen if he had not been supported—he was about six yards from Ching at the time he threw it—I was two or three yards from the prisoner, and am sure he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you observe any conflict going on between the police and the mob? A. No, I did not see them using their staves.





CHARLES WILSON
. I live at Mr. Marvin's, in Duke-street. On Tuesday, the 2nd of June, I was in Edwards'-mews, and saw the prisoner throw a part of a brick at Ching—it hit him—he turned round, and was about to fall, but a gentleman caught hold of him—I was about two yards behind the prisoner—I have known him for two or three years—Pickley got away after Ching was struck.





WILLIAM RANDALL VICKERS
. I am surgeon to the D division of police, and live in Baker-street, Marylebone. On the evening of the 2nd of June Ching was brought to my surgery—I examined him, and found a severe lacerated wound on the right temple, about two inches and a half in length, laying bare the bone—there was another wound on the inner side of the lip—I attended him for several days—it was a wound that I expected considerably more danger from, and could have been produced by this thing before me.
**



GUILTY
on the 2nd and 3rd Counts.
 Aged 21.




Transported for Ten Years.

(The prisoner had been several times summarily convicted for assaults on the police.)
