




1343. 




JAMES TAYLOR
 and 




SOPHIA NEIL



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Crooks, and stealing 1 hat and other goods, value 8l. 14s.; his property.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES CROOKS
. I am a tailor, and live in Portugal-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, in the parish of St. Giles-in-the-Fields—it is my dwelling-house, and is about 100 yards from Francis-court. On 28th May, at half-past six o'clock in the morning, I was alarmed—I examined my shop, and missed t roll of cloth, three coats, a hat, and a pair of trowsers—some of them are here.





ELIZABETH CROOKS
. I am the sister of Charles Crooks. On the night of 27th May I was the last person up—there is a grating outside the house, which I believe was safe—if anybody lifted that up, they could get down to the kitchen window, which was only shut down; from there a person could get to the shop by breaking open the lock of the shop door—the shop door was locked that night—the street door was fast, and had the bar up—I went to bed at twelve—all was then safe.





WILLIAM PRICE
 (policeman, F 140). On the morning of 28th May, at half-past four o'clock, I was on duty in Charles-street, which is half a quarter of a mile from Mr. Crooks'—I saw the prisoners—Neil had a bundle—I was going towards them—Taylor ran down Star-street, and escaped—I took Neil, and asked what she had got—she said she did not know—I found in the bundle this coat, and this roll of cloth covered with this apron—she said I young man gave her 6d. to carry it to Charles-street, Drury-lane.






WILLIAM WEST
 (police-sergeant, F 7), On 28th May I saw Neil at the I station—she said, "I am in a pretty mess"—I said, "Yes, I see you are"—she said, "I am put away foolish"—I said, "How is that?"—she said, "Jem has put me away"—I knew there was a Jem that she was acquainted with, and I went to Taylor's lodging about nine the same morning—there were two beds in the room—I asked Taylor which was his—he pointed across the room, and said, "That is my bed"—I went to it and found these two coats and pair of trowsers, and on the table this hat—I asked whose they Were—he said a young man left them there, that he did not know him, but he probably might know him if he saw him again—I examined the coat that he now has on, and found this chisel in the pocket of it—I examined the grating it Mr. Crooks'—it had been raining in the early part of the night—it had been raised up—by that means any one could get to the kitchen, and from there to the shop—two screws had been taken from the box of the lock of the I shop-door, and the shop had been entered—this chisel might have unscrewed them.

MR. CROOKS
re-examined. These articles are all mine, and were safe the night before.

Taylor's Defence. I am innocent; there were two other men in the room.

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years



NEIL—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Twelve Months.

