





1249. 




WILLIAM KING
 and 




THOMAS BAILEY
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Linsey, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein 66 rings, value 8l. 10s.; 4 brooches, 1l.; and 16 breast-pins, 8l. 10s.; his goods; and that Bailey had before been convicted of felony: to which


KING pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.






ROBERT LINSEY
. I am a jeweler, and live in Crown-street, Finsbury. On the 10th of April, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I left my house perfectly safe—the window was perfectly sound—the shop door was away about a quarter of an hour—I was sent for, came back and found the shop window had been broken, and a quantity of jewellery extracted—the glass was broken, not the frame—I missed two small cards of wedding-rings, one containing twenty, and the other I think sixteen, rings and a card of gilt rings, four brooches, two diamond and one carbuncle pin, and about eleven others—the prisoners were in custody then—I was sent for to the station to identify some of the property—I found the prisoner King in custody—I know nothing of the prisoners—I occupy the house—it is in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Have you a partner? A. No, I have no other names—Bailey was not taken for nine or ten days.





RICHARD ROBERTS
. I live in Pallet-street, Willow-walk, Shoreditch. On the 10th of April, about four o'clock, I was going along Crown-street, Finsbury, and saw King and somebody else with him, about the same height and size as Bailey, but I cannot swear to him—I did not see his face—they both went to Mr. Linsey's window—one of them, I am not certain which, put his arm in and pulled out something white—I did not see what he did with it—they both walked away very fast, as far as the pawnbroker's—they did not go into the pawnbroker's—I went and told Mr. Linsey—I picked up two brooches and a seal, and gave them to him.





CHARLES HIMES
. I live with Daniel Walton, a silk-merchant. On the 10th of April I was near Mr. Linsey's window, and saw the prisoners—I swear to them—I saw King put his arm into the window, take out a card of rings, and put it under his coat—Bailey then put his arm in and took some thing out—I cannot tell what it was—they were both together—they looked to see if there was anybody coming, then walked as far as the pawnbroker's, then turned their heads, and saw Mr. Hale coming after them—that was all I saw

Cross-examined. Q. You did not see Bailey for ten days afterwards? A. No.





RALPH HENRY HALE
. I am in the employment of Messrs. Whitbread's, brewers, and live at 51, Chiswell-street. On the 10th of April, about four o'clock, I was coming up Crown-street, and saw the prisoner King folding up a card of gold rings—I do not swear positively to Bailey, but think he was standing close by—I went past about a yard and a half, and saw Mr. Linsey's window was cut—I turned round, and saw them walking very fast—they began running—I ram after them—I caught him—he threw the rings over a wall—I picked up one ring—Mr. Morley came out, said he had found the rings, and produced them—the other prisoner ran into Clifton-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you standing when you first saw them A. Within tow yards of them, facing them.






THOMAS WILLIAM MORLEY
. I live in King's Head-court, Finsbury. On the 10th of April, in the afternoon, I was coming from my house, which is about the eighth of a mile from Mr. Linsey's—I was crossing a small open yard, saw two rings lying on the stones, and picked them up—I then saw the card of rings lying on the stones—this is it—(produced)—I saw Hale coming over into the yard—I sent for a policeman, and gave him the rings.





WILLIAM KINGCOTT
 (policeman.)I received these rings from Morley, and took King into custody at Morley's house.





JOHN JENKINSON
 (policeman.) On the 22nd of April, at half-past six in the morning, I went to a house in the Vinegar-ground, and found Bailey in bed—I told him I wanted him—he did not ask what for—he got up, dressed himself, and I took him to the station—I found this wire on him.





JAMES NEVILL
. I was with Jenkinson when he took Bailey—I saw him throw a nail away—this is it.





CHARLES PAYNE
. I produce a certificate of Bailey's former conviction—read—Convicted February, 1844, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

