





482. 




THOMAS RUSSELL,



 ANN RUSSELL
, and 



JAMES SCOTT
, were indicted for

feloniously making two counterfeit shillings.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PENNY
 (police-inspector G.) On the 28th Jan., about

half-past four in the afternoon, I went with Brannan, Cole, and two other officers, to a house in John's-buildings, St. Ann-street, Westminster—I tried the door, and could not open it—I consider it was locked—I then forced it open, with the assistance of the other officers—the house consists of two rooms—we went to the upstairs room, and found that door fast—I found it was fastened with this wooden cross-bar across the door—this larpe piece of timber about eight feet long was fitted into it, and went in a slanting direction to the wall—the door was broken open by Brannan with a sledge-hammer—as soon as a piece of the door was knocked out I had a full view of the room—I saw Thomas Russell throw a quantity of shillings into a large clear fire—I could see they were shillings—the prisoners were in the room—Ann Russell had a mould in her hand at the time, which she put into a pail of water in front of the fire and squeezed it—the door then came in, and we rushed in—I put my hand into the pail of water and took out a shilling, and some plaster of Paris which she had in her hand—I then commenced searching the room—under the bed by the I found a paper parcel containing plaster of Paris in powder, and this knife on the floor close to the fire with plaster of Paris on it—on a kind of dressershelf I found this galvanic battery in a jar containing fluid, which in the affray was accidentally upset—I had it in my hand before it was shirt, and it was quite full—the male prisoners had their coats off, and their shirt sleeves rolled up—I did not see Scott till I entered the room—he was in the corner of the room where the bed was—when I entered, Thomas Russell was Just in front of the fire, and Scott was in a kind of place where the bed was—Russell had a handkerchief tied round his head—I ascertained the state of the door after I got in—I produce the things I found.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you any search-warrant? A. No—I did not expect to find a galvanic battery—I had arranged beforehand the time to go—I had not been in communication with any one for a few days before this, nor at all, only with the Mint authorities—I had not been speaking to any private individual relating to this case—I had had an interview with the authorities of the Mint about ten or eleven o'clock in the morning of this day—I was informed of the time at which I was to go—I took the sledge-hammer by my own arrangement—I anticipated fastenings both to the outer door and to the room up stairs—there always are on these occasions—I did not expect the bars, nor had I any idea of finding a galvanic battery—I was not informed who would be there—I expected Russell and his wife, or the woman that passed as his wife, would be there—I had not been in communication with anybody from the house recently before this, nor ever in my life, nor was I ever near the house before—I had never seen this bag of plaster of Paris till I brought it away—I had never seen Ann Russell before—I expected to find the man and his wife in the room from the information I had received—the information I received was from Her Majesty's Mint—I expected, from the information I received, that if I went there at half-past four I should find Russell and his wife manufacturing bad shillings—it was considered that would be about the hour they would be at work making this counterfeit money—no stranger or private individual was introduced to me on the subject—I would not have spoken to a private individual about it—I believe the information came to me first—I have letters to attend at the Mint occasionally—I think it was Brannan that went first to the Mint.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who went into the room first? A. I and Brannan went in abreast as the door came open—Brannan could not see so much as I did, because he was breaking the door at the time—we had equal opportunities of seeing when we went in—we were all together—it

was a very small place—we left one officer outside, but he was up in the room in moment afterwards—I saw Scott the moment I went in—I had the galvanic battery in my hand as I was searching about the place, and it was accidentally; upset as I was stooping—some of the stuff went on my shoes, and I was afraid it would burn me—it was a kind of yellow stuff—it was all spilt, but I have a sample of it in a bottle.

Q. How long ago is it you first heard anything about this man and his wife? A. Upwards of fourteen months—I have been to all parts of London after them.

COURT
Q. How many of the shillings appeared to be thrown into the fire? A. I should say a handful—part of them ran through the grate—I expect part of them went into a saucepan which was on the fire, full of metal in a fluid state—there was about 15lbs.—I could see they were shillings—I was not so far off as I am from the bench—I had a great piece out of the door, and I had a full view.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I accompanied Penny and other officers to this house—I broke open the door with a sledge-hammer-after I had broken a panel out I could see into the room, and I noticed the female prisoner with something white in her hand which I believe to be a mould—her hand was in a pail of water—I also saw Russell, and both his hands were covered with plaster—I succeeded in breaking the door open, I should say not half a minute after, a very short time indeed—I went up to the woman—the took her hand out of the pail of water—I took hold of her hand and found, in it this piece of plaster with some metal—it was very hot—she at the same time dropped this shilling out of the same hand on a table—it was covered with plaster—the shilling was cold but the plaster and metal very hot—I took possession of them—Thomas Russell was also standing at the pail at the time I gained access—I immediately seized and secured him, and gave him over to Turpin—the fire was large and clear—this iron saucepan was on it—it contains from 12lbs. to 15lbs. of metal, which was in a fluid state—i found a quantity of white metal, which I produce, not inside the fender, but just in the corner of the chimney jamb—I did not take any notice of Scott.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You took a sledge-hammer with you? A. I did—I have been engaged in matters of this sort before—I have taken a sledge-hammer before, but have not used it—I expected there would be barring of doors, not of the lower door—there were no bars to the lower door—it was shut—the resistance I found I expected—I expected to find coming implements—I did not expect to find a galvanic battery—I cannot say what I expected to find—I cannot say whether I expected to find a galvanic battery—I had not been informed there was a galvanic battery, that I swear positively—I received information from the solicitor to the Mint—I had parted with him that morning—he wrote to me at first in the usual way—I had no information from any private individual—the letter stated the time at which we were to go—I do not think I have that letter by me—I have three or four letters from Mr. Powell—my time was appointed—the letter said nothing about a galvanic battery, nor did it say they would be at work at half-past four o'clock—no time was fixed—we were to remain in attendance—we remained in attendance about an hour and a half—we were at the Green Man public-house, close to Westminster Sessions-house, and there I staid till about half-past four—nobody came to tell me all was ready—I watched a certain signal, which was a chalk mark on the iron gate before the Westminster Sessions-house—when the chalk mark was made I was to go—I did not see anybody make the chalk mark—I was in the public-house,

and I went backwards and forwards to the place to are if the mark was there, and when it was I proceeded with the other officers to the place named—the arrangement was that I was to wait till I saw the mark on the gate—I did so, and then proceeded forthwith—that arrangement was a communication from Mr. Powell—my information stated there would be a chalk mark made—I do not know that this inquiry has been set on foot by an old offender—I do not know who gave the information—I think it comes from somebody that must know something about it—I cannot say whether he has been convicted or not, because I do not know the person.

COURT. Q. What other persons were there in the house? A. In that apartment only the three prisoners—I saw nobody but them in the house.





ROBERT COLE
 (police-constable G 4.) I accompanied Penny and the others, and found the prisoners in the room—I was present when Brannan broke open the door, and I followed the officers into the room—I took charge of the female prisoner—she was taken from a pail that was standing before the fire by Brannan, and given into my custody—while in my custody I perceived she had something in her hand—I saw some plaster of Paris, some metal, and a shilling taken from her hand by Brannan—I found on a table, standing before the fire, a small file, with a small portion of white metal in its teeth—under the grate I found various pieces of metal—one is a round piece, bearing somewhat a resemblance to a shilling—it appears to have been melted—I found a box in the room, at the foot of the bed, and in two separate parcels thirteen large Britannia-metal spoons—I have produced all that I have mentioned.





HENRY TATE
 (police-constable G 136.) I accompanied Penny and the others—when I got into the room I seized Scott—he was stooping before the fire—I secured him with the others—in front of Scott I saw this ladle, with metal in it in a fluid state—I found this plaster of Paris in a paper bag in the room, and this pair of scissors on a chair close by where Scott was standing.





HENRY TURPIN
 (police-constable G 119.) I accompanied the other officer on this occasion—I produce two spoons, which I found on the chimney-piece, and a bason with some plaster of Paris in a bag.





HENRY BELLAMY
. I keep the house in John's-buildings, St. Ann-street, where the officers went I am a labouring man at a gas factory—I know the room the officers broke into—the prisoners Thomas and Ann Russell lived there—the female took the room in the early part of Aug.—they continued to occupy it down to the time of the officers coming—I know Scott try sight—I never saw him on the premises—I have seen him about the neighbourhood, and have passed him once, twice, or thrice a week—I have no farther knowledge of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did the female take the room as the wife of the man? A. Yes, and has lived with him ever since as his wife—I was never in their room since they have occupied it, until I heard the constables making a noise up stairs—I then went in—I knew nothing of their proceedings—Scott did not reside there—I am out all day, from half-past five or six o'clock in the morning till half-past five or six at night—I know nothing about what visitors came—I am married—my wife is not here—I never noticed any person go up or come down—I occupy the other room myself.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to her Majesty's Mint. (Looking at the articles produced)—this is a counterfeit cast shilling in an unfinished state, and appears just as it comes from the mould when first cast—here is another counterfeit shilling in the same state, with the get at

tached to it—here are a variety of other articles which I have examined, all applicable to the means of casting counterfeit money, by a mould made of plaster of Paris—this metal appears to be Britannia metal, which it what is generally used—here is some metal which has been fused, and among it appears something like the impression of a shilling partly melted.

COURT. Q. What has the galvanic battery to do with it? A. It has nothing to do with the coining of money—it might be employed for the purpose of plating the counterfeit money after it is cast, but it might be employed for other purposes as well—the expense of plating money by such meant it very trifling—I have seen a great quantity of counterfeit money covered by means of a galvanic battery—it is most generally done so now—it is what is called electro-plating.





JAMES BRANNAN

re-examined. I cannot say whether the landlord or landlady were at home when we went—we rushed up stairs so quickly it it impossible for me to say—the landlord came into the room afterwards, while we were there.





HENRY BELLAMY

re-examined. I was not at home when, the officers came, nor was my wife—she goes out to her daily work—I had no servant or anybody on my premises, except the prisoners.

THOMAS RUSSELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.

SCOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.





Transported for Fifteen Years.


ANN RUSSELL—


NOT GUILTY
.
