



2016. 



JOSEPH GLISSEN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 sovereign; 1 half-crown; and 1 order for the payment of 9l. 15s.; the moneys of 



Joseph Barnes, from the person of 



Sarah Barnes.



MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH BARNES.
 I am the wife of Joseph Barnes, and live at Walworth. On Thursday evening, the 13th of July, I was in the Walworth-road, at nearly eleven o'clock—I passed up to Walworth-terrace—the place was quite clear, there was no one before me—all at once two men came from behind and prevented my walking on—one kept before me and kept looking in my face, the other was by my side—I had my hand on my pocket, and presently my shawl got off—one of the men looking very impudently in my face caused me to look towards the terrace—if I went one way to avoid them, they went the same way—the prisoner is not the one who looked in my face, he kept close at my side, and the other just before me—in a moment I was left quite by myself—I put my hand into my pocket, and my purse was gone—I had but a few moments before been speaking to Mr. Tarry, and given him a little order—I had my purse then—I am sure the prisoner is one of the men that was there—he had a dark coat on, either black or blue—I lost this check, a sovereign, a half-crown, and my purse—I went the next morning to the Bank to stop the check, and saw the prisoner there—I was there from a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes, waiting in an inner room—as soon as the check was presented, a gentleman brought it to me—I said it was mine—that was exactly nine o'clock, the moment the Bank opened.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. When do you say you were robbed? A.> On the 13th of July, between a quarter to eleven and eleven o'clock in the evening—I am quite certain of the time—it was near Manor-place, in the Walworth-road, near the Zoological-gardens—I only saw two persons—I am not aware that there were any others—I had been speaking to Mr. Tarry about two minutes before—this was done in a moment—I believe I should be able to identify the other man—I am not more positive now than I was—I knew the prisoner again the moment I saw him—I went into the office, I did not know that the prisoner was the man that presented the check; but as soon as I saw his back and side face I said he was one of the men that robbed me—the other man was dressed in dark clothes, whether black or blue I cannot tell—he had a coat on—it appeared to me like a frock coat—I have been twice before the Magistrate—the bill has been preferred here, and no depositions taken—the prisoner, when at the Magistrate's office, called witnesses—he called John Dawson and Ambrose Dickinson—it was after hearing those witnesses that the Magistrate refused to commit, and we came before the Grand Jury—I deposed there as I have done here to-day.

MR. ROBINSON.
Q. When you were in the banking-house the prisoner was there with two or three other persons? A. There were more—I selected the prisoner from the rest of them—he was not at all pointed out.





THOMAS TIBBS.
 I am a clerk at the Borough Bank. On the 14th of July, at a little after nine o'clock, this check was presented by the prisoner—I was present when he was identified by Mrs. Barnes.

Witnesses for the Defence.






JOHN DAWSON.
 I keep a beer-shop, at No. 37, Tower-street. Waterloo-road. I know the prisoner—I believe he keeps a coffee-house in Waterloo-road—on the evening of the 13th of July he came to my house from twenty minutes to a quarter to ten o'clock—I would not be positive to five minutes—he had a bucket with him, and asked me if I would give him a bucket of water—I told him to go behind and fetch it—he used to come and fetch water from my house occasionally, when he was short of water—I have kept this beer-shop ever since the 5th if April—I told him he might fetch the water—he

went in to the tap-room, put the bucket down, and said, "I think I will have a pint of porter"—I served him—he stood at the bar and drank it—there were many persons came in for their supper-beer—he remained in my shop up to twelve o'clock, till shutting-up time—I was there all that time—it was impossible for me to leave—I am sure the prisoner was there during the whole of that time, up to the closing—a next door neighbour, Mr. Dickindon, came in—the prisoner asked him if he would have a drink of his porter, which he did, and then Mr. Dickinson called for another, which, to the best or my recollection, was pint of stout, and then he said he would have a pipe of tobacco, and asked me to give him a pipe, which I did—he had his own tobacco—he was there drinking, smoking, and talking, all that time—when he left, he left with the bucket; he went behind, fetched the water, and went home—I do not know that I know Manor-place, Walworth-road—I am not much acquainted with London—the prisoner came from Bath, the same town as I did—I have known him from a child—I never knew anything against his character—I was examined before the Magistrate, and Mr. Dickinson also—they came to my house the next morning, and said the prisoner was apprehended for a robbery that took place at eleven o'clock.

MR. ROBINSON.
Q. Have you always given the same account of this? A. Yes—I made the same statement before the Magistrate that I have today, as far as I can recollect—Walworth-road is on the other side of the Elephant and Castle; I do not know how far it is from where I live—I should go up the Waterloo-road and down the London-road to go to the Elephant and Castle—it would take me more than five minutes to walk, I should say ten—the prisoner lives about fifty yards from me—he came to his house since I have been in mine—I do not know what sort of a house his coffee-house is—I have been in there merely to say, "Good morning." by knowing him—I never sat down in his house—it was about twenty minutes to ten o'clock when the prisoner came in that evening—he left his bucket in the tap-room, and then came to talk to me at the bar—he did not hurry himself in drinking the porter—I did not keep an account how long he was there—many persons came into my house; I served them—my wife was ill in bed—there was nobody to serve but myself—I had to take things into the tap-room to several persons—there was no one to serve the people at the bar and in the tap-room but me—I could not say how many persons came into my house from a quarter before ten o'clock till the close; I never kept an account, I should say thirty, or about that—I do not remember any of them coming to drink at the bar but Dickinson—I do not know what time he came in—the prisoner had only got his pint of porter before Dickinson entered—he remained till shutting-up time, twelve o'clock—that is the usual time for closing—he and the prisoner talked together—the prisoner asked for an empty pipe—he brought his own tobacco—I said I would take a little tobacco—there is a form there—whether the prisoner sat down or not I cannot tell—Dickinson did not sit down that I am aware of, I cannot be positive—they continued talking the whole time—when you go in at my door, the bar is straight in front, so that when I am serving in the bar I am looking into the street—I did not watch to see whether the prisoner and Dickinson stood in the same position the whole time—they did not go out of the bar—they were just in the position persons would be who came to ask for a pint of beer—I never measured my bar—I suppose it is about fifteen feet wide, from end to end—the part where I serve customers is about four feet—I was standing at the engine, smoking and drawing beer—I cannot recollect what we were talking about—my attention was called to this the next morning, and that makes me

recollect what took place—I cannot tell any of the conversation, only we had a little laugh over a little tobacco—he asked me for a pipe—I gave him a pipe and brought one for myself—I said I would take a little tobacco—Dickinson said, "That is diamond cut diamond; you find tobacco, and Dawson find pipes"—that is all I recollect—the prisoner did not tell me what he wanted the water for—I do not know what time his house closes; I never heard that from him—I do not drive such a very good trade in the evening—I never have any one from the theatres—my house lies back—I have known Dickinson ever since I have been there—I kept a public-house at Bristol two years—I left, because I did not like it—I went to Bath, and came up to London last March—I was born and bred at Bath—I was a butcher there many years—that business would have answered very well to those who liked it, but I did not—there was no other reason why I changed from the butchering business to a publican—I was only a journeyman butcher—I kept the public-house on my own account.

MR. PARRY.
Q. Did you run away from Bath? A. No—the public-house I kept at Bristol was like the house I now keep—I had no spirit license—on this night I was standing attending to my business, Dickinson and the prisoner were talking—I occasionally spoke to them—I was not more busy that night than on other nights—it was Tuesday night.

COURT.
Q. If I understand you right, both the prisoner and Dickinson were there nearly two hours? A. Yes, the prisoner came first, and a short time afterwards Dickinson arrived—I cannot tell whether they sat down, or what they talked about—they stood at the further end of the bar, away from the door—to the best of my recollection they were standing all the time—they were not exactly near me when they were smoking—they were about six feet off—they had only one pipe—whether they filled it more than once I cannot say—as near as I can recollect Dickinson went out first, but not above a minute before the prisoner—that was just before twelve o'clock—I closed near upon twelve.





AMBROSE DICKINSON.
 I am a cane-dealer, for chairs and other things—I live at 38, Tower-street, Waterloo-road—I have lived there fourteen years, and carried on that business next to Mr. Dawson's beer-shop—I do not know how long he has been there, I suppose about three months—on the evening of the 13th of July, the prisoner and I were in his bar—the prisoner was there when I went in, which as near as I can recollect was about ten o'clock, I had just had my supper and shut my shop—the prisoner was standing at the bar—he had a pint of porter in his hand—he offered me the mug—I drank with him—we laughed and joked the best part of an hour over his porter—when that was out, I called for a pint of stout—we drank that together till it was just upon twelve o'clock—he and I were laughing about some tobacco—I did not smoke, the prisoner and the landlord did—the prisoner had got his tobacco, and the landlord asked him for a bit, and said it was better than his—I said that was diamond cut diamond, between the two—there was no one else conversing with us—the prisoner and I were standing at the bar—my wife came in two or three times—she was attending on the landlord's wife, who was dying—she is now dead—Dawson served his customers at the time he was joking with us—there were no other persons with us, there were some in the tap-room, but I did not notice them—I left first—I did not see the prisoner come out—I did not see any bucket—I was examined before the Magistrate—my attention was called to this on the following day; the prisoner's wife came in—he was then in custody on this charge—I went directly to the office, and gave my evidence.


MR. ROBINSON.
Q. What made her come to you? A. To ask if I was in his company the night before—I have only been two or three times in his company—that was in the beer-shop—I have met him there three or four times—I never was in his company so long before that—I was not in his company the evening before that—it might have been a week or two before—I cannot remember the conversation—we were joking about one thing or another—about his clothes—Dawson took a part in it—I do not remember that he left the bar, only serving his customers—several neighbours came in for their beer—the prisoner never left me—he did not stand all the time, there was a form brought and we sat down—I did not notice who brought the form in—I do not know whether I asked for the form—I know all the bear we had was one pint of porter, and one of stout—I am no drinker—I know it was twelve o'clock when I went away, because that is the time he generally puts the shutters up, and I go to bed—that is the time we generally go out—I am in the habit of going in there to have a pint of ale—twelve o'clock at night is rather a busy time in the Waterloo-road, a great many people are going to get refreshment.

MR. PARRY.
Q. Have you any doubt that the prisoner was in your company? A. No; he is as innocent as I am—I am ill, and came out of bed now to tell the truth—my wife is at home, doing her business for her children—I have no doubt about her having been three or four times in the beer-shop.





MATILDA BOWLER.
 I am a widow, and reside at No.30, Waterloo-road, next door to the prisoner—I am a green-grocer and fishmonger. On the night of the 13th July, I saw the prisoner pass my door in his shirt-sleeves, about eleven or a quarter to eleven o'clock—his wife came out about half-past eleven—she asked if I had seen either Joe or Glissen, as he was gone for a bucket of water—at ten minutes to twelve he came past with a pail of water, and I said, "You will get your hair combed; your wife has been here."

MR. ROBINSON
Q. At a quarter to eleven o'clock he went out for a pail of water, and at ten minutes to twelve o'clock he returned and you spoke to him? A. Yes.

MR. ROBINSON
called






JOHN BAKER
 (policeman M 72.) I knew nothing of the prisoner till I took him into custody on this charge; but his house is frequented by the worst of characters; being open all night—it is a coffee and lodging-house—he lets beds as well.

MR. PARRY.
Q. Have you reported this house, that you swear is the resort of bad characters. A. No; I have had a knowledge of the house nine months—the prisoner has not kept it all that time—I believe he kept it about three weeks previous to his being taken into custody—the attorney was employed in this prosecution at the commencement of this Session—I cannot mention the name of any one thief, whom I have seen coming out of that coffee-house—I have never been in the house during the time the prisoner has been there.
William Rogers, publican of Drury-lane; Ambrose Pocock, butcher of Bath; and Stephen Baily, salesman of Newgate-market; gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY.—Recommended mercy by the Jury.
—



Transported for Seven Years


