



1967. 




ISRAEL WOODCOCK
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-bouse of 



James Francis Herbert, in the parish of 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, on the 
26th of Dec, and stealing therein 2 chairs, value 3s.; 2 sheets, 3s.; 1 table-cloth, 1s.; 3 chimney-ornaments, 2s.; 1 blanket, 1s. 6d.; 3 drinking-glasses, 1s. 6d.; and 2 glass globes, 4s.; his goods.






JAMES FRANCIS HERBERT
. In Dec. last I lived in Church-street, Bethnal-green, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch; it was my dwelling-house. Between half-past five and six o'clock, in the evening of the 26th of Dec., I left my home perfectly secure, to go to my father's, at Stepney—I locked the door—the window was down, and the shutters too—I returned about half-past eleven, and found two cane-bottom chairs, a pair of sheets, and a blanket, and the other things stated, taken away—the prisoner is a chair-caner—I knew him—he came the next morning, and sympathised with me, and said he was very sorry to hear of it—I heard no more till the 16th of June, when a woman, who I believe to be his wife, came and gave me information—I then gave him into custody for the robbery—he said he knew nothing about it—I went with the officer and the prisoner to Leonard-street, where they told me he lived, and found my property there—he did not say anything.

Prisoner. Q. Were you ever tried in this Court? A. Yes, twice for stealing metal—I was not tried for holding a situation in the docks, and giving orders for persons to receive goods.

COURT. Q. Are you married? A. Yes—I live with my wife—these chairs and chimney ornaments are mine, bought and paid for—there was other property in the house—I have been foreman at Mr. Lock's timber-yard, in the Curtain-road.





MICHAEL MAYO
 (policeman.) I received information, went to this room, at No. 6, Leonard-street, where the prisoner lodged, and found the property—I took him to this room—he did not deny its being his room—he did not say anything on the subject.
(Witness for the Defence.)





WILLIAM CARTER
. I live in Short-street, Old-street—I have lived there

two years. I know the prisoner well—I do not know where he lives—I work for Mr. Woodcock, a chair-maker, in Turvill-street, where the prisoner works—on the 26th of Dec. I was at Woodcock's from ten in the morning till two the next morning, and the prisoner was with me—I remember it because it was boxing-day—the prisoner did not leave that I know of—I was there all day—I did not hear of his being taken up till lately.

Prisoner's Defence. These horns and globes I bought down Petticoat-lane about five years ago; I have bad them in my possession ever since.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





MICHAEL MAYO

re-examined. The prosecutor described the nature of the property before I found it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 43.—


Transported for Ten Years.

