



351. 




JOHN KNIGHT



, stealing I watch, value 3l. and I watch—chain, 10s. the goods of 



Thomas Hattersley, having been before convicted.






MARY HATTERSLEY.
 I am the wife of Thomas Hattersley, of 46, Portman-place Edgware-road—on 18th Nov. I was in bed in the front room—I had been lately confined—about three o'clock that afternoon the prisoner entered my bed-room, took my husband's watch and chain from a nail over the mantel-piece, and said Mr. Hattersley's watch wanted a glass—I knew I wanted a glass—I did not know him, but I saw him take it and walk out—I am sure he is the man.






MARTHA KEMP.
 I am servant to Mrs. Hattersley—on 18th Nov., about three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner on the stairs—I am certain he is the man—he was brought back to be identified, and when I saw him I said, "You are the party I met on the stairs."

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say the man you saw on the stairs was in his shirt sleeves, and you expected he was the man that lived in the house? A. I did not.





WILLIAM HENRY POWELL.
 I am a pawnbroker—I produce this watch, pawned by the prisoner on 18th Nov.

Prisoner. Q. when you first saw me at High-street, the policeman asked whether you knew me, and you said it was a man more your own size? A. No—at first I had some doubt, but when I heard you I was satisfied you were the person.

Prisoner's Defence. On 18th Nov. I met a policeman, who made me walk up and six or seven times before kemp; she said she did not know, but the man wore a cap and a big coat; I said I wore a cap myself; next morning be toke me before her again, and she could not recognize me; I promised to call as I went from work in the evening; I did so; a young girl came and said, "Mary here is the young man we think stole the watch," and she said "I think that is the man;" the pawnbroker said it was pledged at a quarter past three; I was at work then, and did not leave till six in the evening, as my master will prove.





JOSEPH HOLLEY.
 I am a wheelwright and smith, at Grove-mews, Great George-street, Lisson-grove—I have lived there about twenty-three years—the prisoner worked for me a fortnight or three weeks previous to this affair—on Thursday 18th Nov., I left him at work at three o'clock—I went out then, and was not home till about ten o'clock at night—when I left the prisoner he was assisting Moore, the smith, in mending an axletree—I recollect it was the 18th, because about a week afterwards he told me he had been taken by a policeman on suspicion of a robbery, but the policeman had liberated him—he told me he had been to see the gentleman, and he was to come again the next day—the smith is not here—William Richardson was at work is the adjoining shop, close by the smith's shop, till three o'clock—he went out with me, and returned with me in the evening.





WILLIAM RICHARDSON.
 I am a painter. On 18th Nov. the prisoner was at work between three and four o'clock—I was at work myself at Mr. Holley's, painting some wheels at the door of the smith's shop—I am sure I was there till three before I went to get something to eat at the public-house, I was there about an hour.

JURY.
Q. Did you go out with your master? A. I went once with him—I came home and went again, and did not come home till eleven.





WILIAM FLANNAGAN
, (policeman, S 41.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—read—Convicted June, 1846, and confined six months, six weeks solitary)—he is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 22.—


Transported For Seven Years.

