




1613. 




JAMES CLARK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of May, 50lbs. weight of sugar, value 2l. 1s., the goods of 



Thomas Fairclough; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY BUSCH
. I am in the employ of Joseph Shroeder and another, sugar-refiners. On the 24th of May I delivered to Walks 100 loaves of sugar—I counted them—they were put into his cart—they were all num-bered 62.





THOMAS WILKS
. I am carman to Thomas Fairclough. On the 24th of May, between two and three o'clock, I received one hundred loaves of sugar, at Mr. Shroeder's—I was to take it to Mr. Shillito, of Ducksfoot-lane, Upper Thames-street—I only delivered ninety-eight—I missed two—I had occasion to go along Great Prescott-street in my way, and recollect a man playing an organ in that street.





HARRIETT CONNELL
. I am the wife of William Connell, a cigar-make in Prescott-street, Whitechapel. On the afternoon of the 24th of May, I recollect a man playing an organ in our street—I was in the Tenter-ground—my little girl ran into the street to hear the organ, and I went after her—I saw a cart, containing loaves of sugar, arid some one following it—it went towards the Minories—I saw a person with a sugar-loaf under his arm, about twelve yards from the cart, and when I went into the Tenterground I saw another lad, also with a loaf of sugar—I only saw their backs—they went across the Tenter-ground into Alie-street—I followed them into Alie-street.





SAMUEL CUSHWAY
. I am a weaver, and live in King-street, Spitalfields. On the 24th of May, I was in Prescott-street, and saw a young man running with a loaf of sugar—he turned into the Tenter-ground—I afterwards saw the prisoner take up a loaf of sugar, and instantly go across the Tenter-ground—the two went together into Alie-street, across Alie-street, up Half Moon-passage, into Whitechapel, and down a street, leading to Goulstone-street—I there saw them put the loaves of sugar down—the prisoner pulled off his jacket, and the other his coat, and covered over them, and sat upon them—I passed, and looked very hard at them, so that I should know them—the other lad went away towards Pet-ticoat-lane—I looked for a policeman, who took the prisoner with the sugar.





JAMES SWINEY
 (police-constable H 80.) I was on duty in Wentworth-street. I went into Goulstone-street, and saw the prisoner sitting on two loaves of sugar—on my coming up, he went to the gate of a warehouse which was to let, and knocked, as if he wanted to get in—I asked if he was going to leave the sugar there—he said, "Yes"—I asked if he had a bill, or any thing—he said, "No"—I asked where he brought it from—he said, "Just up there"—I asked him the name of the party, he began to stammer, and said, "Mr. So and So"—I took him into custody, and on the way to the station, he said a man had given him a few halfpence to take care of them—I found two coats on the sugar.





HENRY BUSCH

re-examined. These two loaves are numbered the same as the others, and are the same quality, and in the same sort of paper—I had delivered out some of the same number in the morning—they were all marked 62.





THOMAS WILKS

re-examined. I had got about half a mile from Pres-cott-street when I missed them—I did not notice the marks on the loaves —they were papered the same as these—it was between three and four o'clock when I passed through Prescott-street.


Prisoner's Defence. I was coming towards home—a young man asked me if I would mind them, while he went down the street—I said, "Yes"—I pulled off my jacket, to pull my sleeves down, as I had them tucked up.





JOHN GWYNNE
 (City police-constable, No. 460.) I produce a certi-ficate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial, he is the same person.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
