




1360. 




SARAH JONES
 and 



MARGARET PRICE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
6th of April, 1 purse, value 1s.; 3 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and I sixpence; the property of 



Thomas Stacker, from his person.






THOMAS STOCKER
. I am a linendraper, in Charterhouse-lane. On the 6th of April I was passing by Fann-court, Miles-lane, Thames-street, about ten minutes after eleven o'clock at night—I saw both the prisoners together—Jones asked me to treat them to a glass of ale—Price immediately joined her, and said, "Oh do, I am very thirsty"—I made no reply—a friend of mine, who was with me, told them both to go along—I walked along, wished my friend good night, and walked away—Jones then followed me, took hold of my arm, and again asked me to give her a glass of ale—Price kept away—I did not see her then—I walked away towards Thames-street-hill, went to the corner of Thames-street, and called for a glass of porter, which I drank—Jones followed me into the public-house—when I had drank my porter, I called to the person who served me to draw Jones a glass of ale—she did so, I immediately paid for it, and left the house, leaving Jones there drinking her ale—I had not got above a dozen yards from the house before Jones came up to me again—I then turned into Miles-lane, and, on passing Fann-court, Jones pulled me into the court, before I had time to get away—she got her arms round me, and completely pinioned me—she then got her arms round behind me, and it was at that time she took my purse out of my coat-pocket—no one else was in sight at the time—I had taken my purse out not above three minutes before, and taken a sixpence out of it, to pay for the ale and porter—I put my purse into my coat-pocket again after paying for it—I am quite sure of that—when she had taken the purse from my pocket she let go her arms, and I walked away immediately—Price was on the outside of the court, not a yard from the court—I saw her there scarcely a minute after Jones had taken my purse—I saw Jones, with my purse in her hand, endeavouring to pass it to Price—she did not do so—I made a snatch at it, but could not get it—she wheeled round on her heel—they then walked away together—I told Jones she had robbed me of my purse—Price was standing close by at the time—they said it was nothing of the sort, and Price said to Jones, "Caroline, have you got the gentleman's purse?"—Jones said, "No; me have the gentleman's purse! I never thought of such a thing"—I called for the police, and they walked away towards the dry arch of London-bridge—by the time I called for the police again we had arrived at the steps of London-bridge—Jones made a bolt, and got

clear from me—I had hold of her cloak at the time, and was calling for the police—I had not hold of Price—Price immediately laid hold of me—Jones got away from me, and ran up the steps of London-bridge—I got away from Price, and followed Jones—I overtook her near the top of the steps, and gave her in charge—I left her in charge, and told the policema there was another concerned in it—I went after Price, and found her standing outside the court—I laid hold of her, and about that time the other officer came up—I gave her in charge—I suspected they had dropped the purse, and found it in the kennel outside Fann-court, within a foot of where Price was standing—this is it—there was a sixpence left in it—the three sovereigns and a half were taken out.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is your friend here who you say was with you when you addressed these women first? A. He is not—I know where he lives—I could have had him here if there had been any occasion for it—I went into the public-house of my own accord—I have stated that it was at the solicitation of one of the prisoners—neither of them compelled me to go in—I have stated I went in for the purpose of getting rid of her—it was for the purpose of getting rid of her I drank the porter—I drank the porter because I did not like to go in and give a female any thing to drink without drinking myself—I had drank nothing during the whole day but water and coffee.

JOHN CALLAN (City police-constable, No. 584.) On the night of the 6th of April, I was in King William-street between eleven and twelve o'clock—Jones was given into my custody, and charged by the prosecutor with robbing him of his purse—she said nothing at the time—he said there was another concerned in it below the steps—Price was afterwards given into my brother officer's custody—I saw the prosecutor take up this purse.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was the prosecutor sober? A. Quite so.

MICHAEL DENNIS LAWRENCE (City police-constable, No. 440.) On the night of the 6th of April, Price was given into my custody at the entrance of Fann-court—I had a Ianthorn with me—the prosecutor picked up this purse about a foot from where Price was standing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Price did not attempt to go away at all? A. No.

JONES**—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

PRICE—


NOT GUILTY
.
