



1602. 




WILLIAM COLEMAN
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of May, at 

Christ Church, 1 cash-box, value 18s.; 41 sovereigns, 21 halfsovereigns, 32 half-crowns, and 120 shillings; the property of 



Henry Hook, his master, in his dwelling-house: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY HOOK.
I am a publican, and live in Newgate-street. On the 11th of May, about two o'clock in the afternoon, the excise man came to my house to take stock—I had a cash-box at the time in a drawer—I took it out to get the exciseman's signature to a paper, and placed it on the counter in the inner room—the prisoner was my pot-boy—he was at

that time in the warehouse—there was in the cash-box forty-one sovereigns, twenty-one half sovereigns, and 10l. in silver, in a canvas bag—while the cash-box was on the inner counter, I had occasion to go down stairs into the cellar—the prisoner had no business in the inner room, nor in the cellar—while I was in the cellar I heard somebody come down there in the dark—I had the gas burning—I sung out, "Who is there? "—the prisoner answered, "It is me"—I said, "What do you come down in the dark for? why did you not call out? "—he made no answer, but went up stairs—I remained down for about a quarter of an hour, then came up, went into the inner room, and the cash-box with the contents were gone, and the prisoner also—I saw him in custody in the morning—he hid a new suit of clothes on, a new hat, and new boots.

Prisoner. He said at the office I was cleaning the windows, and what I went down stairs for was the broom.





SAMUEL ROLFE
(City police-constable, No. 458.) In consequence of information, I went on Monday evening, the 11th of May, to a gin-shop, in Sharp's-alley, Cow-cross, I found the prisoner there, brought him out and said he must come along with me—I observed him thrust his hand into his left-hand coat-pocket, and throw money out on the ground—I heard it jingle—I put my hand behind him to the pocket—he took it off—my hand was then seized by somebody behind, who pinioned me for a short time—the prisoner then attempted to take something from his trowsers' pocket, and threw money out, and as he threw the last money out an officer came to my assistance—it was dark—I could not see what became of the money—we secured him, and took him to the station-house, and found on him 27l. in gold, 1l. 14s. 6d. in silver, and 7d. in copper—I took him to the Computer, I was afterwards sent for there—Anderson the keeper was present when the prisoner made a statement.

Prisoner. He said, "I want you for robbing your master, if you will give me 10l. I will say nothing, and let you go freely"—I said I knew nothing at all of it, and had no occasion to give him money. Witness. I did not say so.





JOHN ANDERSON.
I am clerk at Giltspur-street Computer. The prisoner was brought there—I received a message, and went to him—he said, "Mr. Anderson, I am determined to tell you all about it"—I said, "What you say to me will be used in evidence against you, so you had better be cautious"—I wished the officer to see him—the caution was again repeated to him—he, said, "It is no use, I won't deny it, I have been led into it; you know BenRoe, who was here when I was, himand JemMoore led me into it"—I said, "What had Roe to do with it? "—he said, "Roe had 7l. 10s., they got me to do it; he bought a pair of boots on Saffron-hill; the holes in the boots were very close; if you go and find him, I dare say he has the boots on now"—I said to the officer, "What is the extent of this? " and the prisoner answered, "There was about 60l. in the box."

Prisoner. I was at the office three times—at the first examination they said nothing about my saying I gave Roe 7l. 10s., and at the first examination they could not swear to the half-sovereign.





ELLEN HOOK.
I am the prosecutor's wife. Here is a half-sovereign, which I know—there was such a one among our money.





THOMAS HOPKINS.
I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I was present when Richard Coleman was tried—I believe the prisoner to be the man, but he is much altered since.





JOHN ANDERSON.
The prisoner was in our custody in 1838, when he

was convicted—I know him to be the man—he was there three months before—he has been convicted twice.




GUILTY.*Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years

