



194. 




GEORGE ERBY
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 sovereign, the monies of 



William Tellkampff Gulliver, from the person of 




Hastings Frazer Hamilton.






HASTINGS FRAZER HAMILTON
. I am an apprentice to Mr. William Tellkampff Gulliver. On Saturday, the 5th of Aug., Mr. Watson, my master's foreman, gave me a sovereign to get change for him to pay the apprentices—he was to pay them on my master's account—I went to Mr. Harvey's, in New Gravel-lane, and asked him for change, but did not get it—I came out, and met Ann Sullivan, who is Mr. Gulliver's servant, at the door—I had the sovereign in my hand—the prisoner was just by, and asked what I wanted—I said change for a sovereign—he said he could give me change—I said I was much obliged to him—I had never seen him before—a young man crossed the road, and said change was very scarce that night—the prisoner then counted 8s. or 9s. into my hand—I gave him the sovereign, and he said, "It is a half-sovereign, is it not?"—I said, "No, a sovereign"—he said, "I can't give you change for a sovereign, I thought it was a half-sovereign"—he gave me a penny medal into my hand, and said, "Here-is your sovereign back again"—I thought it was the sovereign, and gave him the silver back—I gave the medal the prisoner gave me to Sullivan, as she said she was going to Mr. Wardle's to get some things, and she would try to get change—I did not know then that it was not the sovereign—I stood at Wardle's door while Sullivan went in—she came out, and told me it was a penny medal—she and I then went and looked after the prisoner—I showed the medal to a policeman in Ratcliff-highway as we went along—I did not lose sight of it except when I gave it to Sullivan—I then took it home, and gave it to my mother—she went with the medal and me to the foreman, and he returned it to me—I saw my mother put it on the drawers under a shell—the policeman has it now—on the 4th of Nov., three months after the transaction, I went to the Black Bull to get something for my mistress, and saw the prisoner there and the

other young man who came across the road with him—I went home and told my mother, and she gave me the medal directly—the prisoner was taken—he said he was not the man, I was quite mistaken, and he said he Would give me 19s. sooner than be locked up—I am quite sure he is the same person, because his nose is so flat to his face—I can swear to him, and I know the other man—there was a light where I was standing by Mr. Harvey's door.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What did you know the other man by? A. By his face—there was nothing particular about him—I knew him by the general effect of his face—I did not look at what was given to me till I gave it to Sullivan—the prisoner spoke to me first, and asked what I wanted—I said change for a sovereign—I was not with him more than two minutes before I had the shillings and gave them back, and had got back the medal—I went to three places before I gave the sovereign to the prisoner—I am quite sure I had the sovereign after I came from the last place—it had lain on the counter there while I asked for the change, and none of the persons took it up—I never lost sight of it—I did not go to any pawnbroker's for change—I have been apprentice to Mr. Gulliver about sixteen months—I first knew this was a medal when Mr. Wardle told Sullivan so—I stood at the door and heard him tell her so—when the prisoner offered me the 19s. he said he should lose his place if he should be locked up, and he would rather give the money he had about him.





ANN SULLIVAN
. On the 5th of Aug. I was in Mr. Gulliver's service—I was with Hamilton when he was with the prisoner—I saw another person on the opposite side of the way, who crossed over—I was going to Mr. Wardle, and Hamilton said he was looking for change for a sovereign—the prisoner was standing by, and said "I can give you change"—Hamilton gave him the sovereign, and the prisoner counted eight or nine shillings into Hamilton's hand—he then said, "I cannot give you change for a sovereign, I can give you change for half-a-sovereign"—Hamilton said, "That won't do"—he gave him the change back, and the prisoner gave him the penny counterfelt—I had seen Hamilton give the sovereign into the prisoner's hand, and then Hamilton gave me the piece that the prisoner gave him—I was going for two pounds of sugar, and said I would try and get change—I laid it down on the counter, and they said, "Where did you get that?"—I gave it to Hamilton again, and both of us went to look for the prisoner, but could not find him—we told the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not notice it before Hamilton gave it to the prisoner? A. No, nor after he got it from the prisoner—I saw the Queen's head on it—I am sure I took the same thing to Mr. Wardle's, and that I gave the same to Hamilton again—I have lived nearly six months with Mr. Gulliver—I had never seen the prisoner before.





THOMAS WATSON
. I am foreman to Mr. William Tellkampff Gulliver, a boat-builder, Wapping. On the night of the 5th Aug. I gave Hamilton a good sovereign to get change to pay the men—he came back in about an hour, and showed me a kind of medal—I told him to take it home to his mother—I did not take it out of his sight.





SARAH HAMILTON
. I am Hamilton's mother. On Saturday evening the 5th of Aug., he came home with a piece of metal of some sort—I placed it on the drawers, under a shell, and there it remained—it was such a thing as this—(looking at it)—but it was brighter when I got it—my son put a mark on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go and look at it from time to time? A. Yes, but I put it in the same place again—my ton cried, and said he had been taken in—he is sixteen years old.






THOMAS WARDLE
. I am assistant to my brother James, a grocer, at Wappingwall. On a Saturday night, about ten weeks ago, Sullivan came to the shop—I knew her by living at Mr. Gulliver's—she got some groceries, and tendered in payment, a piece representing a sovereign—I could not swear it was this, but it was a fac simile of this—I did not take it out of her sight.





WILLIAM TAPLIN
 (policeman.) The prisoner was given into my custody—Hamilton staled that he had robbed him of a sovereign—the prisoner said, "You are mistaken, I am a respectable man, well known to Mr. Donald, who keeps this public-house; and if you go in, he will say so"—I went in, and asked Mr. Donald if he knew him—he said no, further than he believed he had been once or twice in his house—the prisoner said to Hamilton, "I will give you 19s. rather than be detained, as I shall lose my situation."

H. F. HAMILTON
re-examined. This is the piece the prisoner gave me—I made a mark under the head.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you mark it? A. After I got it from my mother—this mark enables me to say it is the same.

COURT. Q. Had you any other king of Hanover medal? A. No.
(Henry Frost, a pigeon-dealer.—Dalton, a baker, in the City-road, and William Grange, a carpenter, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY of stealing, but not from the person. Aged 20.—



Transported for seven years.


