




1681. 




JOHN QUINN
 and 



JOHN KELLY
 were indicted for

 stealing 1bag, value 1s.; 3 pairs of trowsers, 6s.; 6lbs. weight of soap, 3s. 6d.; 1 set of clew-lines, 2s. 6d.; and 2 brushes, 1s.; the goods of 



George Johnson; and that Quinn had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM BOWYER
 (police-constable F 139.) About twelveo'clock on the night of the 22nd of May I was in Long-acre, and saw a cab at the door of the Feathers public house—I was called into the house, and took a person into custody—as we were taking him to the station, I saw the two prisoner—Kelly got up behind the cab, and rode part of the way—I walked by the side of the cab—a sailor was in the cab, but the prosecutor was not—I took the person and the prosecutor to the station, and left the cab at the station-house door.





JOHN SILVER
. I lodge at the Feathers, in King-street, Long Acre. Ata quarter before twelve o'clock, on the 22nd of May, I was there—I saw the prosecutor there with another sailor—they were both intoxicated—there was a disturbance about some money that was lost—the policeman was called, and the man given into custody—I saw the cab driven from the public-house to the station—the two prisoners followed the cab—I saw Kelly riding behind part of the way—the prosecutor and the man he had in charge went to the station—I stayed outside the station with the cab—a sailor was in it—I saw Kelly minding Quinn take a bag out of the cab, and go up an open passage called Russell-court—I pursued and hallooed to him—directly I hallooed, he dropped the bag—the officer took it up, and took him—I had seen the prisoners together at the public-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you when you saw him take the bag? A. Standing against the station door, three or four doors from the Marquis of Anglesea, which the cab-man and the sailor went into—my friends live in the country—I was apprenticed to my uncle, who was a baker—it is two months ago since I have done anything in the baking-line—I had been staying at this public-house about a week—Wilks lodged at the Feathers.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you see Wilks at the time this bag was taken? A. He was outside—he had the same opportunity of seeing what passed—he was two or three yards from me—the Feathers is three quarters of a mile from the Marquis of Anglesea.





JOHN ALLEN
. I heard of this, and followed Quinn into Crown-court, with this bag under his arm—I ran after him out of Russell-court into Crown-court—he dropped this bag—I took him, and Sadler picked it up.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How near were you to Quinn when

you first saw him? A. Not twenty yards, and I caught him about 100 yards off—I am quite certain he is the person.





GEORGE JOHNSON
. I am a seaman, belonging to the Vernon frigate. On the 22nd of May I was paid off—I got into a cab, and went to two public-houses, and drank there—I had a bag in the cab—when I was at the Feathers there was a row, and the policeman was sent for—I went to the station with the policeman and some man who was taken—the cab went with us to the station, and my shipmate in it—when I got there I went with the officer and the man who was in custody—the cab was by the station door—I was not drunk—I was rather merry—I know this bag—here is a tally on it with two crosses cut on it, and these are my things—they were in the cab that evening—I never saw the prisoner.





THOMAS COOK
. I am a cab driver. I was hired by the prosecutor and another man on the evening of the 22nd of May, at London-bridge, to drive to Brook's market—this bag was put into the cab—I drove them to four public-houses, and from the Feathers to the station—the other man wanted something to drink—I went into the Marquis of Anglesea with him, leaving the cab in care of Kelly—I am certain the bag was in the cab then, because I told him to mind it.





JOHN WILKS
. I am an engineer, and live at the Feathers. I remember the prisoner being there, and the sailors in the cab—I went down to the station from the Feathers—there had been some row, and there was a charge going to be made—I stopped outside while the black (the prosecutor) went in to give charge of the other man—Quinn and Kelly stood talking together—then Quinn took the bag out, and went up a court leading to Bow-street—I and Silver followed him round Russell-street, and into Crown-court, and there apprehended him—he dropped the bag at his feet the moment we took him—I swear that this is the same bag.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long since have you done any engineering? A. A week ago, for Mr. Meacock, on Snow-hill—he is no relation to Mr. Meacock who keeps the Feathers—I have been a witness twice—they do not call me Snipey, that I know of—I never heard any one call me by that name—I do not follow the police to give evidence, and get my expences.





WILLIAM GEARS
 (police-constable L 98.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Quinn's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace of Surrey—(read)—the prisoner is the person—I was present at the trial.

QUINN—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.


KELLY—


NOT GUILTY
.
