



1388. 




GILBERT M'DONALD



 was charged on the Coroner's Inquisition with the willful murder of Agnes M' Donald.






SARAH CATHERINE GRAY
. I live at No. 18, Raymond-place, St. George's in the East—the prisoner and his wife lived in the upper room of the same house—I have lived there four years—they had not been there quite twelve months. On a Saturday, a short time since I was in my room, and saw the prisoner and deceased in the street, out of my window—I heard him ask her to go and have some gin—they went out my sight to a public-house—I did not see anything more of them till about five o'clock, when I went up stairs to my own room, which is under theirs—I then saw the deceased on the top of the stairs—she called me faintly, by the name of Mr. Gray—I went to her as I was going into my room, which is on the first floor—she was sitting on the stairs, which are very dark—I could not see anything the matter with her till I brought her down, and took her into my landlady's front room on the ground floor—her under garments were very wet with blood—there was much blood—she seemed to be swollen in the face—she could not sit or stand; but when she was tipsy,(which

was her habit.) she could not stand or sit—I cannot say whether she was sober or not at this time, for I had not seen her from half-past two till five—I considered at the time that she was tipsy, and told her so—I saw no other signs of her being hurt—the landlady fetched a policeman and she was taken to the London Hospital—her clothes were bloody—she had a chemise on, and the top of her gown, but she was not in the habit of wearing many clothes, because she used to take them off and pawn them—I have seen her in that state before—I also saw blood on the side of her head, and her nose was bleeding—I removed part of her dress, but observed no marks or hurts, or other appearances—she had been away ten days and nights before this—the prisoner had been at home—her child, who is eight years old, was very bad with a fever at the time—I saw no more of her till she was dead—I considered the prisoner was very kind to her while she kept sober, but it was very seldom she was sober—he was very kind to her, but she had a very bad tongue, and used very bad words to him—I only observed blood on her nose until after I saw her dead at the hospital—I saw a cut on the right side of the head.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. What is the prisoner? A. A shipcarpenter and joiner—there are two floors to the house—they occupied the garret, I a room on the first-floor, and the landlady a room on the ground-floor—the prisoner and his wife only had one room—I saw nothing of them between half-past two and five o'clock—I had been in the back room on the ground-floor during that time—when I went up stairs at five o'clock I did not see the prisoner there, only his wife—she was sitting on the stairs, and appeared drunk—she has several times fallen down stairs when drunk—she never wore any petticoats, she would take them off and sell them—she had the tail of her gown on at half-past two, but not at five—she was away ten days, because she had pawned his trowsers, and got some provisions from the shop he was in the habit of dealing at—she said she was afraid to return home—they had quarreled about her pawning his things and spending his wages—she had gone away in consequence of that—when I went up at five o'clock, the little boy was in the back room on the ground-floor, playing with my little boy—I do not know how long he had been there—I had had him for the ten days, and during the ten nights he slept with his father, but was with me in the day-time—he had not got well of the fever at that time, he was very ill of the fever when his mother left him, and had two doctors to attend him—the deceased was in the habit of quarrelling with her husband when intoxicated—they fought occasionally—she was very frequently drunk—when she was sober, he appeared to be very fond of her and his child—on coming down stairs this day, a good deal of blood came from her on the stairs—it was not on the stairs till after I went to her.

COURT
Q. On what stair was she when you saw her? A. I think on the third stair—that was near her own room-door—I heard them quarrel about pawning his trowsers before she went away





CHARLOTTE HOOKHAM
. I live at No. 8, Raymond-place, St. George's in the East. The prisoner and his wife lodged in the attic at my house, about twelve months—on Saturday, the day of her death, about half-past two o'clock, she was in my room—the prisoner put his head into my room, saw his wife, and said, "There you are, mother"—she said, "Yes"—he said, "Will you come up stairs, I will forgive you for all you have done," but he said, "Where are my shoe-brushes?" and she said, "I have sold them;" he said, "That is just as you do everything, but never mind mistress, I will forgive you for all"—she said, "Mac you are drunk, I know what you are."—I said to him, "Mac if you touch your wife, if you beat her, I will come

and tear you to pieces"—he said, "Mother I won't strike her, may God strike me dead if I touch her"—she said, "I won't come upstairs unless you give me a pint of beer"—he said, "I will give you a pint of beer, or half-a-pint of gin if you will come up stairs"—he said to me, "Mother, will you have any?"—I said, "No Mac, don't bring any in here, for none shall come in here, if I want any I can treat myself"—they went out, and I saw no more of them till the afternoon at about a quarter to five o'clock, when Mr. Gray came to me, and about half-past five the deceased was brought down stairs into my room by Mr. Gray, in a very bad state—her clothes were all off her back, except her shift—she said she was very much hurt—she was all over blood, from the bottom of her shift up to her hips—I saw a discharge of blood from her person, and could not look any further—her face appeared very much larger than common, from being hurt—I did not notice any blood about it—I cannot say whether she was sober or not then—she had no help in her at all—I should say that arose from her being hurt, because when she was brought down stairs, she said, "Oh my belly, my belly, I am dying"—I saw a blow on the right side of her head, it was either a blow or kick—the scalp was quite naked—she was left lying on my floor till she was taken to the hospital—I did not see her again alive—I afterwards saw blood on the stairs, from the top to the bottom, and on the side of the wall—after she was taken away, I went into her room, and saw some blood on the floor by the bed side—there was a good deal, in one place in particular, where there was a hole in the floor—it was congealed blood—it was quite fresh—when sober, the prisoner and his wife lived very comfortably, but when drinking they were disorderly—whenever she could get drink she would have it—as soon as ever he brought his money home, she would have it, and spend it in drinking, first at one public-house, and then at another.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he appear fond of her? A. Yes—they seemed very fond of each other when sober, and he was fond of his child—when they were drunk they quarreled—the woman drunk very hard—that was the cause of it—when drunk they would quarrel, and fight—he would beat her, because she would make away with everything—she never beat him—she was very abusive with her tongue when drunk, but not at all when sober—when he came into the room at two o'clock, she said he was a whore-master—she appeared to be sober then—I never heard her call him names when sober.

Q. How long had she been away? A. Nine or ten days—this was not the first he had seen of her in his return—he had seen her during that time, and coaxed her up stairs many times—she would watch her opportunity when he was away to go up stairs, break the door open, and get what she could—she had been in the house several times in the course of that morning, but that was the first time she saw her husband—when she said she had sold the brushes, he said, "That is just as you do everything"—it was then she called him a whore-master—he said, "Ah Mistress, that is the way we fall out; this is the way you aggravate me, but come up stairs I will say no more"—he did not appear to be quarrelling with her at all—I am quite certain that when she came down, her clothes were all off her back, except her shift—she had the top of her gown, and her stays, and her shift on—she had nothing more on at half-past two—she had her gown and clothes on at two o'clock, but when brought down to me she had no gown on the lower part of her—I took a light at five o'clock, as the stairs are very dark—I went to see if there was anything on the stairs, and saw blood—I never knew her to fall about the stairs when tipsy—Mr. Gray lives just under her—the little boy was in the room with his father and mother at the time—he was with Mr. Gray when I found him, but when his father and mother fell

out, he was in the room with them—Mr. Gray went up—he was playing with her boy down stairs, in the mangling-room—he was very ill—there was no money to get medicine for him, and a gentleman used to call on me to give money for medicine.

COURT. Q. How near the time the deceased was brought down had you seen the boy? A. I had seen him before she was brought down—I did not see him in the room where his father and mother were myself—I did not see him come down stairs—the first I saw of him was in the mangling-room, playing.

JURY. Q. Had the woman been entirely absent from home ten days? A. No—she came in repeatedly in the course of the day, and sometimes she would come in late at night, and say, "Oh Granny, I must stop with you," but I said, "You must not."

COURT. Q. She had occasionally come home, and refused to come home, but when she went out she broke the door open, and took out his things and sold them? A. Yes—she came home every day when he was out, during the ten days, but did not sleep at home—she did not see her husband then—it was while he was at work—I do not know whether he saw her at all during the ten days, but she came during that time, broke his door open, and took his things—it was on the Saturday afternoon that he coaxed her to go up stairs, and she would not—that has happened repeatedly before, not during the ten days, but on former occasions.





JOHN SHEEHAN
 (policeman.) On Saturday, the 8th of may, I was called to a house in Raymond-place—I went with the sergeant to the ground-floor belonging to Hookham, and saw the decreased on the floor—her face was all over blood—there were several marks of blood on it, and a cut about an inch long on the back of her head—it did not appear to be a serious one—I observed a bruise by her ear—the skin was merely cracked—there was part of a carpet thrown over her to cover her—I did not see her dress—the sergeant asked if she wished to have him charged—I heard her speak, and considered she was drunk—that was not from her manner of speaking, but from her appearance—I had never seen her before—I assisted in taking her to the hospital—I did not see her afterwards—I could not form an opinion whether she was hurt so as to occasion death—she had marks on her—I did not return to the house that night—I saw the prisoner, about ten minutes after I was called in, lying on the bed up stairs, in his room—I went up without a light, and could not see the state of the stairs, as it was very dark—Sawyer was with me—he spoke to him—he did not say he had better tell the truth—he said, "M' Donald, what have you been doing to your wife?" laying his hand on him, and shaking him, as he appeared to be going to sleep—the prisoner said she was constantly getting drunk, and spending his wages—Sawyer said, "Come with me"—we took him to the station—on the way he said, "After all, I know she will not appear against me"—on the Monday following, at the Police-court, before the Magistrate, a pair of books were taken off his feet—I cannot say whether they were the same that he had on when I took him—I think it was on the Monday following—I was called in, on the 8th of May, and it was the Monday next, following the Saturday, that the boots were taken off—the inquest was held after that.

Cross-examined. Q. He appeared to you to be drunk when you saw him on the bed? A. As if he had been drunk, and was getting sober—he appeared sleepy and drowsy.
(JOHN M'DONALD; the prisoner's son, being questioned by the Court, did not appear to understand the nature of an oath, and was not examined.)





JOSEPH NASH
. I am a surgeon at the London Hospital. The decreased,

Agnes M' Donald, was brought there in a very faint, cold state—I examined her, and found the head, chest, and belly, very much bruised—the cartilage of the nose was separated—there was a wound on the right side of the head about an inch in length—it was not very severe—it was superficial—the third and fourth ribs on the left side were fractured, and the private parts very much bruised—there appeared to be a rupture of some of the viscera—as she was suffering great pain in the belly, and was in a state of collapse—there was a discharge of blood from the vagina, and she was bleeding from the head, from the cut on the right side, and from the nose—the cartilage of the nose might have been divided by a blunt instrument—the knuckles would do it—I attended her till she died, which was in fourteen hours—there was a post mortem examination, which I attended—I found the vessels of the brain very much congested, gorged with blood, the third and fourth ribs fractured, the intestines ruptured, and traces of seven inflammation of the membrane covering the intestines—the rupture of the intestines must have been caused by great violence—a kick or a jump on the belly, or a fall against the floor, or against a chair of table, might produce it—it was very extensive—a fall with great violence against the ground, a chair, or banister, would occasion it—the wound on the head was not severe—there were many bruises on the head—it would be impossible they could have been caused by a fall—there were several bruises on the belly and chest—it was not one continued bruise, but several—one blow arising from a fall could not occasion those several bruises—I ascribe her death to the rupture of the intestines—her hands and arms were very much bruised—some of the bruises were recent, and some of long standing—the bruises in the private parts would very likely be the result of a kick—that would produce them; or if she had fallen across a table, or chair. or bannister, or any hard substance, it might do it, but she must fall across it to do it—I do not think a person merely falling with violence would receive such an injury—the rupture of the ribs and the congestion of the brain were very severe—they contributed very much to her death, I imagine—from the time she came in she was too weak a great deal to be capable of being examined.

Cross-examined. Q. You say the fracture of the ribs might have shortened her life if there had not been rupture of the intestines, but you attribute her death to the rupture of the intestines? A. yes—some of bruises were recent, and some of them of five or six days' standing—those in the head were very severe—the temporal muscle on the right side of the head was complete pulp—the fractures of the ribs were recent, decidedly—I am quite positive the inflammation of the membrane covering the intestines was very recent—the intestines are not easily ruptured, it must be done by direct violence—if they were ruptured by disease there would be traces of disease—the intestines would not be more liable to rupture whether a person was drunk or sober, there would be no difference—a fall might have produced many of the bruises—a single fall could not produce them—a drunken person falling from side to side against different objects might produce many of them—it is not at all likely that the edge of a stair would occasion the rupture, but I have not seen the stairs—the edge of a bedstead might produce a bruise on the private parts if she fell across it, but it is not to that bruise that I attribute the rupture of the intestines, but to the bruise immediately over the rupture—that might be produced by falling against the edge of a stair, or a table, chair, or bedstead, or by direct violence of any kind—it was a bruise of some extent—a fall, repeated once or twice, might produce bruises of similar extent.

COURT. Q. From the general appearance, taking into account all you saw,

the bruises on the head, separation of the nose, rupture of the intestines, and the appearances on the chest, belly, and private parts, according to your judgement, could all those bruises have occurred from a fall or succession of falls? A. I do not think it possible—I ascribe death decidedly to the rupture of the intestines—the injuries, independent of that, were not likely to cause death—those bruises causing the rupture of the intestines might arise from a fall or a succession of falls—they must have been falls of great violence—if a person staggering when drunk fell against the corner of any hard substance with sufficient violence, it might produce the appearances I saw, but not without—it would be impossible, unless they fell against some hard substance—if she was intoxicated she would fall very heavily, and then if she fell against any hard substance, the violence might be sufficient to produce it.





EDWARD BILESON
. I am an inspector of police. The prisoner was brought to the station—I read the charge to him—I made him no promise, or expectation of benefit or injury, to induce him to say anything—he said he struck his wife, that she fell down stairs—I said it had been told me that he had kicked her and jumped upon her—he denied that.

Cross-examined. Q. The charge was, assaulting his wife? A. Yes—she was not dead then.





WILLIAM SAWYER
 (police-sergeant.) I saw the prisoner on Saturday evening, about six o'clock—he appeared to have been drinking very freely.





COURTO MRS. GRAY
. Q. You say found her on the third stair, how did she get down from the third stair? A. I took her down in my arms, down both flights of stairs—she was able to move, but was very weak indeed—she put her feet down—she did stand with my helping her under the arms—she did not walk at all—I dragged her more than carried her down.




GUILTYof Manslaughter. Aged 46.—Recommended to mercy on account of the great provocation received from his wife—





Transported for Life


