




1779. 




WILLIAM GALE
 and 




JOHN COBBETT
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 till, value 1s.; 4 shillings; 4 sixpences; 24 pence; 36 half-pence; and 24 farthings, the monies of 



Philip William Margetts; and that Gale had been before convicted of felony.


COBBETT* pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 14. 



Confined Six Months.






PHILIP WILLIAM MARGETTS
. I am a beer-seller, and live at Vauxhall. On the 26th of July, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I left my bar to go into the kitchen—when I had been away about five minutes a boy came into my shop with my till, which was empty—when I had left ray shop I noticed the till was in front of the bar, with about 10s. in money in it—there were about 4 shillings, 4 sixpences, 24 pence, 36 halfpence, and 24 farthings—in consequence of information I went down Vauxhall-street, and informed the officer—I afterwards saw Gale in Sanderson-street, in custody—he threw a box behind him, but I did not see him.





CHARLES KENYON
. I am an errand-boy, and live with my father—about five o'clock I saw Gale opposite the prosecutor's door—I knew him, and asked him to lift a basket off my head—while he was doing it Cobbett came out of Mr. Margett's shop with the till—he ran down Miller's-lane, and Gale followed him.





WILLIAM HENRY ALFRED GREEN
. I live with my father—about five o'clock I was in Miller's-lane—I saw Cobbett with the till in his hand, and Gale followed him about half a dozen yards off—Cobbett then emptied the money into Gale's cap and threw the till away—they then ran away.





WILLIAM ATLEY
 (police-constable L 110.) I took Gale—he was charged with this, and denied it—as he was going along he chucked this box behind him, which contained one shilling and three sixpences—he said the money was his own—I took Cobbett on the Monday morning following.

Gale. I had nothing to do with it.





JAMES MURPHY
 (police-constable V 261.) I produce a certificate of Gale's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted 28th March, 1845, and confined one month)—the prisoner is the person.

GALE—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years.

