



1816. 




CHARLES LAUNDER
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging a certain deed, with intent to defraud 



Thomas Hagger and others:—Other Counts, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE NEWTON BROWN
. I am secretary to the South Midland and Northampton Railway Company—the office of that company is at No. 1, Gray's-inn-square—I saw this letter (marked A.) in our office—I do not remember receiving it—this letter, marked B., is a letter of allotment.

Letter A., being read, teas an application for fifty shares in the South Midland Railway Company, dated 9th June, 1845, and signed Ferdinand de Lisle, Devonshire-square, merchant, and Russell-house, Balham-hill, referring to Messrs. Hankey; witness, Charles Launder, land-surveyor, 7, Great Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road.


Letter B. was dated 5th July, 1845, directed to Ferdinand de Lisle, Esq., Russell-house, Balham-hill, allotting him twenty-five shares, and stating that a deposit of 27l. 10s. must be paid before the 15th instant, and the banker's receipt attached.


MR. BROWN. The banker's receipt was not filled up when I sent the letter—the party obtaining the letter, upon the deposit being paid, would be entitled to the shares, and would obtain scrip receipts—those receipts are saleable in the market—the prisoner came to our office—I am not quite certain as to the day—he produced this letter, marked B.—the receipt was filled up at that time—the subscribers' agreement was produced to him—this is it—I saw him sign this deed—(reading—"Ferdinand De Lisle, merchant, Russell-house, Balham-hill")—Thomas James Tatham and William Young are the trustees—Thomas Hagger is a director, and one of the provisional committee—there are others.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Have you been the secretary from the formation of the scheme? A. I have been secretary since the 23rd of May this year—that was shortly after the project was started—we have not got an act of Parliament at present—we have not applied to Parliament—the Parliamentary contract is signed by a great many persons—no person can obtain scrip unless the deposit money has been paid—I was present when the defendant came to the office—the deposit money, 27l. 10s., was paid—I was not examined at the police-court—if we do not get an act of Parliament the persons obtaining the allotments would lose a portion the

deposit money—I cannot say what has been paid—we have issued prospectuses and advertisements—there are four or five schemes in the field against us—if we are defeated in our application to Parliament, the letters of allotment will probably be worthless.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. About this time were the shares at a premium? A. Yes, at the time the deed was signed—a person having a scrip paper of this description would no doubt be able to get rid of it at once in the market.

COURT. Q. At a premium beyond the amount of the deposit? A. Yes, about 2l. at that time—the person selling them would get 50l. beyond the 2l. 10s.

MR. PARRY. Q. Do you call the scrip a person obtains, a certificate of the share? A. Yes, of the deposit having been paid, and when the Act is obtained the person has the shares.





HENRY STANLEY
. I am the attesting witness to this subscription of a person to this deed by the name of Ferdinand De Lisle—the prisoner is the person—it is sealed—he came to the office on the 17th of July—I asked him if his name was Ferdinand De Lisle—he said it was—he produced the letter of allotment—I laid the deed before him to be executed, and he wrote "Ferdinand De Lisle"—I have entered under the different heads the words "merchant," and place of abode, "Russell House, Balham-hill"—I got that from himself—he then signed his name—then follows the amount of subscription, the number of shares "twenty-five," and the amount paid, "27l. 10s."—he put his finger on the seal, and delivered it as his act and deed—he said he was brother to De Lisle and Co., Devonshire-square, bankers—the secretary then delivered to him the scrip fur twenty-five shares.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been connected with railway schemes? A. The last two years; I have been connected with this company since last Jan.—it was started about May or June—I am a clerk in the office of Mr. Stanley—as applications for shares come in we enter them in a book—a list is made out and placed before the directors—I do not know whether any inquiry was made with reference to this application—I cannot say what inquiries were made—if we do not know the party we should make inquiry—I presume the party signing is the party applying, and on that presumption we allot the shares.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you came into the establishment, about June, had all the shares been allotted? A. No, applications were going on.

MR. BROWN
re-examined. I believe no inquiry was made at Hankey's, De Lisle's, or at Russell House, after the application was received—the firm of De Lisle and Co. were known.





JAMES SHAW
. I and my wife take care of Russell House, Balham-hill, for a gentleman named Wood, the landlord—I have known the prisoner about fifteen years—he was in partnership with my sister's husband some time ago—I had not seen him for about ten years, till he came to Russell House to see me oh a Sunday evening at the latter end of April or the beginning of May this year—he came into the garden, and asked me if there was any name or title to the house—I said it was called Russell House—after a very short time he left—three or four days afterwards my wife received a letter—I never took in any letters myself, nor did my wife hand any over to me—she read them to me—I cannot say whether this letter (B) was one that she read over to me—my wife kept them as

far as I know—after some of the letters had come, the prisoner came—he said, "Why, good God, you almost frightened me to death by sending me such a letter as you did, refusing to take in letters"—I had written in the envelope that if any more letters came I should return them—(Walter Reid Hooper proved the service of a notice on the prisoner to produce all letters, and naming this one)—I wrote in the envelope that if any more letters came directed to Ferdinand De Lisle I should send them back to the writers—it was that brought him down to my house—I said to him, "I am not in my own castle, and therefore do not like taking in any letters, as the landlord might be angry with me for receiving any letters not my own"—he said there was no harm in it—he put his hand on my shoulder, and said, "My good fellow, do you think I would do you any harm, or any one else? I never did you any harm, nor ever will"—he talked me over, saying he would do no harm, and he was only trying to get in as clerk or something to a business in a railroad—I said I did not like the idea of taking in letters in any other name—he left after that—there were several letters taken in after that by my wife.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know whether all the letters and documents belonging to him have been seized by the police? A. I have been told so—a letter was destroyed by my children.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was that a letter received by your wife? A. It was read to me by my wife—I do not recollect her reading but one.





SARAH SHAW
. I am the wife of the last witness. I recollect the prisoner coming one Sunday evening to see my husband—I let him in, and. sent him to my husband—three or four days after that I took in a letter, which I read to my husband—it was destroyed by my children.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure that was the one destroyed by your children? A. Yes, I gave it to them, and saw them destroy it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What was in it? A. "My dear fellow, since I last saw you there has been several contracts of railways out, and by taking in some letters addressed to Ferdinand De Lisle, Esq., Russell House, Balham-hill, you will do me a great deal of good, as I was once employed by that gentleman, and the clerks will answer his letter, when they might not answer mine"—it was signed "Charles Launder"—in that letter was an envelope enclosed to forward any letter addressed to Ferdinand De Lisle, Esq, to Charles Launder, No. 2, Webber-street, Blackfriars-road, two wafers, a Queen's head, and a small slip of paper, requested to be sent to the Post-office, for them to deliver all such letters addressed thus—my husband received that envelope from me—I saw him write something in it—a letter came three or four days afterwards, addressed to Ferdinand De Lisle—I enclosed that in an envelope after my husband had written in it, and sent it to the post—the prisoner came two or three days afterwards—I afterwards received other letters directed to the same address—I enclosed them, and still forwarded them.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you known the prisoner lately? A. I never saw him till then.





FREDERICK STAUVA
. I live at No. 1, Gray's-inn-square, and am secretary to the Isle of Jersey Railway Company. I am acquainted with the family of Ferdinand de Lisle—I was introduced to the prisoner by Mr. Fearon—he brought him into my office, and introduced him as being Mr. Ferdinand de Lisle—the prisoner addressed me directly by the name of Ferdinand—I said, "My name is not Ferdinand"—he said, "Frederick"—I said, "Yes, I believe you are Mr. Ferdinand de Lisle?"—he said

"Yes"—that was all that passed—he then went into the other room to sign the deed.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you a solicitor? A. No—the South Midland, the Cheltenham, and Isle of Jersey railways have their offices at No. 1, Gray's-inn-square—there are others—I do not know their names—it is a sort of railway depot.





FERDINAND DE LISLE, ESQ
. I am a general merchant and banker, and live at No. 16, Devonshire-square. I do not know the prisoner—the signature to this deed is not my handwriting, nor was it written by my authority—there is no Ferdinand De Liale in the firm but myself.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know a person named Beck, of Princes-square, Kennington? A. I know the name—he was a clerk in our office several years ago—I believe the man has been dead some time.





FRANCIS MORRIS
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner into custody at No. 11, Webber-street, Blackfriars-road. Mr. Stauva was in my company—he was asked by Mr. Stauva if his name was Launder—he said it was—I asked him if he knew Mr. Ferdinand De Lisle—he said yes—I asked if he had signed Mr. De Lisle's name to any railway deed—he said he had—when I was searching his apartment he said if he had signed the deed he had no idea he was doing wrong, because he knew so many others who bad done similar things—I found a pocket-book on him, and a great quantity of letters.
(A certificate of the railway being provisionally registered, was put in and read.)




GUILTY Aged 51.—Recommended to mercy, believing him to be an instrument in the hands of others.
—



Transported for Seven Years
.

Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

