



604. 




ARCHIBALD LESLIE
 was indicted (with 


William Bouch, not in custody,)

  for a misdemeanor.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution,






MICHAEL HENRY HART
. I am a slop-seller, and live in Ratcliffe-highway. I only know the prisoner by his coming once or twice to my house—he called in company with a person, who he called William Bouch, on the 20th of December—the prisoner said, "I have a claim here for you, Mr. Hart, for a man that wants to sell; I know this man to be correct; I have brought him down to you; he is going to sea as steward of a ship; he has a claim of 64l. odd shillings, (I think 14s.—the prisoner said all this) on the Portuguese government;" he at the same time produced this paper, which he called an award paper—(read)—No. 1, "65l. 14s. 4 1/2 d. exclusive of interest. William Bouch—Office of Mixed British and Portuguese Commission, 94, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square, 28th October, 1841. Claim 254. We are desired by the Commissioners to request your attendance at this office, between the hours of one and four p. m., on Tuesday or Thursday next, that you may be made acquainted with the award the Commissioners are prepared to make on your claim, as per margin, and be enabled to avail yourself of the privilege defined in Article 40 of General Rules. Sighed by J. H. Barrow and—Volney, Joint Secretaries of the Commission—27, Tabernacle-walk, Finsbury-square"—I said to the prisoner, "Do you know this paper to be correct?"—he said, "Perfectly so, I know the whole to be correct; I made out Bouch's claim myself for this amount" handing me a paper from his pocket, he said, "This paper is in my handwriting, I made out the claim myself"—(read)—No. 2, "Went out 14th December, 1831, under Colonel Hodges and Williams, on board the Edward barque; discharged, December, 1834; corporal, July 1833; transferred to the Villa Flora brig, as master-at-arms, discharged from such without any pay except what is here stated as prize-money. From 14th December, 1831, to 1st July, 1833, 564 days at corporal's pay, at 2l. 11s. per month, 55l. 7s., 10d.;—from 1st of July, 1833, to 31st

December, 1834, 549 days, as master-at-arms, at 3l. 5s. per month, 63l. 14s. 4d.; six months gratuity, 19l. 10s. Total, 138l. 12s. 2d. Received as under—At Bell Isle, 5l. 10s.; Western Islands, 4l.; on board fleet of discharge, 8l. 12s.; total, 18l. 2s. Balance, 120l. 10s. 2d. Seven years' interest at five per cent. Total, 162l. 10s. 2d. Award, 65l. 14s. 2 1/2 d.; interest, 22l. 19s. 11 1/2 d. Total, 88. 14s. 2d. Balance, 73l. 16s.—"I then asked him whether he knew the man to be William Bouch—he said, "Perfectly well, for I was out with him myself in the war of liberation; I was a comrade of his"—a friend of mine, named Joseph, happened to be sitting in my shop, and said in the presence of Leslie and Bouch, "If I was you, I would have a proper identity as to the man, as the money must be lying some time."

Q. What identity? A. That the man was William Bouch—he said I should have a certificate from some of the officers—the prisoner then said, "You can easily have that, as Colonel Williams is in town; I will go and get a certificate for you from him, to show that this man is William Bouch"—I said, "After I get the certificate, we will then talk the thing over"—they went away that night—this was Monday—they both came together next day (Tuesday)—Leslie gave me the paper produced,—(read)—No. 3—" 21st December, 1841. I hereby certify that William Bouch went out in the Edward barque with me, 14th of December, 1831, in the Portuguese service. The date of his discharge I do not know, as he went on board the fleet.





ROBERT WILLIAMS
, late Colonel, P. S.—"I said I did not like the appearance of the thing, I did not want to purchase—there was no time fixed for the payment of the money—I asked what they wanted—the prisoner said 40l.—I said I did not want it, and asked what they wanted for it—the prisoner said, "We will take 40l."—I said, "That is a great deal too much to throw away at present; it is quite a speculative thing"—Bouch said, "I will take 35l. for it"—after we had talked the thing over some little time, I agreed to give them 30l., 12l. of which was to be in clothes, and 18l. in money—this was on the Wednesday—they went away on the Tuesday night after producing the certificate—on Wednesday they came again, both together—some part of the conversation about the 40l. was on the Wednesday, and some on the Tuesday—it was on the Tuesday that it was said 18l. was to be given in money and 12l. in goods—they went away after that—I did not say any thing before they went away—they came again on Wednesday, because we had not come to any thing, we had not arranged—on the Tuesday the prisoner said, "Bouch wants to borrow 10s. of you, but he does not like to ask you, and he will leave the papers if you will let him have it to-night"—that was after the 12l. in goods and 18l. in cash was talked of—I advanced the 10s., and the papers were left—nothing more was said on Tuesday—on Wednesday they came, and the agreement was closed at 30l.—I said, before I parted with any more money, I must have an office power of attorney, and likewise I should expect Bouch to execute a bill of sale to me, a power of attorney—the prisoner pulled out a printed form from his pocket and said, "Here is one of the office powers of attorney ready for you," and gave it to me—Mr. Josephs was present at the time, and he began to fill up the power of attorney—it was a blank which the prisoner produced it—Mr. Josephs said, "I cannot go any further with it to-night; I find it must be certified by some housekeeper who knows the man to be William Bouch, and likewise by a Magistrate"—the prisoner then said,

"If you will leave all that to me, Mr. Hart, I will get that done for you"—I said, "Very well, you had better do that, and come down to-morrow night," and they then went away—they came again on Thursday together, and when we got into the parlour the prisoner pulled out the power of attorney from his pocket, and handed it to me—it was the same thing I have been speaking of, the office power—(looking at paper "No. 4," produced by Mr. Barrow)—this is it—it has Mr. Joseph's writing on it, which he was filling up—it purports to be signed by a Magistrate, and also by a housekeeper.
(Paper No. 4 read)—"Claim No. 254, received 19th October, 1841; The Commissioners appointed by the Governments of Great Britain and Portugal respectively, to be a mixed British and Portuguese Commission for investigating and adjudicating on the claims of British subjects employed in the naval and military service of Her Most Faithful Majesty in the late war of liberation. Whereas I, William Bouch, formerly a petty officer in the Donna Maria Secundo, have appointed and constituted, and do hereby declare Michael Henry Hart as my agent and attorney in all matters connected with my claims on the Portuguese Government of whatsoever kind, on account of my services in the late war of liberation: I hereby authorize and empower the said Michael Henry Hart, of Ratcliffhighway, in the county of Middlesex, slop-seller, to appear before you, the said Commissioners, and on my behalf to settle all manner of accounts in respect of my claims, and to receive from you all such titulos, documents, or other certificates of debt, pay, arrears, gratuity, pensions for wounds, compensation or awards, as you the said Commissioners shall, after finally investigating my claims, adjudge to me: and I hereby empower and authorize the said Michael Henry Hart to exchange receipts and acquittances for the same, and to do all other acts in relation thereto in as full and authentic a form, and in as binding a manner in all respects, as if I were present and personally consenting to the same. In witness whereof I have hereunto subscribed my name, on the 23rd December, 1841. (Signature) WILLIAM BOUCH, (residing at) No. 12, Church-street, Lissongrove."
"I hereby certify, that I personally know the above subscribing, and have seen him sign the above declaration. (Signature of housekeeper) ROBERT THOMAS, butcher, (residing at) No. 146, Edgeware-road." "I hereby declare the above parties have appeared this day before me, and signed the above declaration." (Signature of the Magistrate for the metropolitan police district, said to be like "Hardwick")





MICHAEL HENRY HART

continued. When the prisoner produced that paper to me, he said, "I have got it done for you nicely now, Mr. Hart"—I looked at the Magistrate's name at the bottom, and asked him who was the Magistrate that signed the paper—he said he thought it was Mr. Maltby—I then said, "See what things you want, and we will get this business settled"—speaking to the prisoner, and likewise to Bouch—they were both present—Bouch went into the shop, returned in three or four minutes, and said, "I want money very badly, I can't take more than 10l. worth of clothes"—I said, "I won't alter the agreement; I agreed with you to take 12l. worth, and I won't give you more money than I arranged for"—the prisoner and Bouch then went into the shop together, and after they had selected what things they wanted, they came back into the parlour,

and the prisoner said, "We hare taken very near to the amount; you must not stand hard with the man for a few shillings, because he wants money"—he said they had taken to the amount of 11l. or 12l., a few shillings short of 12l.—I said, "Now how much money do you want to-night? because I shall not give you all the money to-night, before you go up to-morrow morning to the Commissioners to have the power properly registered in my interest"—(I said so to the pair of them—they were both sitting in the parlour at the time)—the prisoner said, "Give the man 10l. to-night"—I said I would not give him 10l. to-night, I would make it up to 20l. altogether, clothes and cash—I gave him 7l. 15s. 6d. in cash altogether, including the 10s. I had given him before—some of the money was in sovereigns, and some in silver—I said, "To-morrow morning go up along with Mr. Josephs, my friend, to the Commissioners, and satisfy the Commissioners that you have sold your claim to me, and have the power registered in an official way, as it ought to be done, and then Mr. Josephs will pay you the balance of the purchase-money"—the prisoner said, "You have no occasion for all that, Mr. Hart; you don't think I will deceive you"—I said, "I will have it done in a proper manner"—I did not let them have any more money that day—I sent Mr. Josephs next morning, but did not go myself—I most forget the goods which they got—my recollection is not very good—there was a jacket, two pairs of trowsers, six white shirts, two waistcoats I think, a coat, handkerchiefs, and stockings—altogether I paid them in money and clothes 20l.

Q. Was any thing said about an assignment? A. Yes, we had the assignment done at that time—this is it—(producing it)—it was done on the Thursday—William Bouch signed it, and two of my neighbours witnessed it—neither of them are here—it is what he called an assignment—it is not stamped—the prisoner and Bouch arranged to meet Mr. Josephs next morning, at twelve o'clock, at a public-house that was named, close to where the Commissioners hold their sittings, in Mount-street, Grosvenorsquare—I did not know Bouch before—he took no part in it—I trusted to what the prisoner said—he said this was a special case of his own—I certainly should not have let them have the goods and money without the prisoner's representations, made in Bouch's presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You all yourself a slopseller? A. Yes—I sell old and new clothes—not old bottles, or any thing of that kind—I am a wholesale and retail slop-seller—I am licensed to sell watches—I sell telescopes, quadrants, and any thing in the sea line—I have lived twenty-three years in my own house there—it was on the prisoner's representations that I parted with my goods, and nothing else.

Q. How came you to require a certificate? A. It was the view of Mr. Josephs—I had not paid any money before the certificate was produced.

Q. On your oath, would you have paid a single farthing if that certificate had not been produced? A. Yes, I should perhaps, I might cetainly—if Josephs had not suggested it, perhaps I should not have asked for it—he suggested that I ought to have a proper identity of the man, and on that I required a certificate from his commanding officer, or somebody who knew him—I think I should have parted with my money if the certificate had not been produced—Mr. Josephs impressed it on my mind—that was the only view I had on it.


Q. Had they any money whatever before this certificate was produced? A. They had, on the Tuesday night—I think the certificate was produced on the Tuesday, as far as my recollection serves me, but my recollection is very bad—I think it was after the certificate had been produced that I paid the 10s., as far as my recollection serves me—the certificate was not the security in my mind, for advancing it.

Q. Then what did you require the certificate for? A. It was merely the view of Mr. Josephs—I did not suggest it myself—he suggested it and required it—I can only say I should not have parted with a shilling if it had not been for the prisoner's representations urging me so strongly to do so—I think I should have parted with it if the certificate had not been produced—I did not refuse to pay them the money until it was produced—I think it was on Monday that I told them to bring the certificate—I never told them I would not advance any money until the certificate was produced—there was no money asked for then—after Mr. Josephs had suggested it, I said, "Bring the certificate, and then we will talk the business over"—I only knew the prisoner before by his writing a letter for me—I did not know that he was a person who forwarded the claims of parties on this commission—I only know it from what he told me—I was not acquainted with it myself—I knew nothing of him—Bouch is gone off, and I have never seen him since—he had all the money—I have tried to find him, but cannot.





AARON JOSEPHS
. I live in Lower Chapman-street, St. George's. I was at Mr. Hart's when the prisoner and Bouch were there—an offer was made to dispose of a certain claim on the Portuguese government for services rendered in the war of liberation—the prisoner said he knew the man was entitled to certain monies—an appointment was afterwards made to go before the Commission on Friday, the 24th of December—I saw the prisoner and Bouch that day—Bouch went in with me to the office of the Mixed Commission, and the prisoner followed me in shortly after—I produced this power of attorney (No. 4) to Mr. Younghusband, one of the clerks, (the prisoner was in the office, and near me,) and requested him to be kind enough to register it—Mr. Younghusband requested me to lay it on the table, and it would be registered in due course—I then requested him to tell me if it was all right—he asked me the name—I told him William Bouch—he immediately said he did not recollect that name—I then handed the power of attorney to him—he referred to the register and said there was no such name as William Bouch—he then asked me the number of the claim—I told him 254—he referred to that number and said it was wrong, there was no such name in 254, and requested I would produce the award paper, which I did—this is it (No. 1)—he said there was some mistake in it, he could not find any such claim—the prisoner then said that he knew Bouch had a claim, that Dr. Blundell bad made it out, and sent it in for him—the prisoner proposed that Bouch should go to Dr. Blundell's, and get the letter that conveyed the award paper to the doctor, to which I objected, and said he had better remain till the matter was cleared up—Mr. Younghusband then left the lower office, went up stairs, and returned shortly after with Mr. Barrow—Bouch had then gone—while I was talking to a gentleman in the office, my back was turned, and he left—I have never seen him since—Mr. Barrow said, in the prisoner's presence, that he felt this a case to be laid before the Commissioners, and Mr. Younghusband said there was no such claim in the office—after

stopping some time, while I was in conversation with Mr. Barrow, the prisoner went away and returned with a written paper, which he said he had brought from Dr. Blundell, and he distinctly stated, in Mr. Barrow's presence, that he knew Bouch had a claim, that he had gone abroad with him, and served with him.





WILLIAM ISAACS
 (police-constable K 223.) I took the prisoner into custody on Monday, the 27th of December—he was pointed out to me by Mr. Josephs—after taking him to the station, I told him what he was charged with—he said it was through being a friend to another man, who had gone to Bristol to get a ship—I searched him, and found 1l. 15s. 6d. in silver, and some coppers on him—I inquired for Bouch about the neighbourhood of Lisson-grove, but not at No. 12, Church-street.





JOHN HENRY BARROW, ESQ
. I am a barrister, and am British Secretary to the Mixed British and Portuguese Commission—the office is No. 94, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square—the title of the commission is, "The Mixed British and Portuguese Commission, for investigating and determining the claims of British subjects, who served in the war of liberation, on the Government of Portugal;" (and the commission is constituted under a convention of the ministers of the two governments)—"for services performed for Donna Maria II., Queen of Portugal"—it is a mixed commission, partly British and partly Portuguese—(looking at paper No. 1.)—this is one of the forms of a notice to claimants, to come in and hear the award—it purports that the Commission have come to a certain determination, subject to any objection which the claimants on coming in may make—the sum in the margin is the award which the Commissioners have determined to be due to the claimant, subject to objection, which is the privilege defined in article 40, alluded to in this form—this would intimate that the claimant was entitled to the sum in the margin, if he was content to take it—he might possibly get more, but he would certainly be entitled to that sum, if he did not object to it—I never saw the prisoner, to my knowledge, except at the time when I was called down, and saw him at the office—we have a claimant of the name of Peter Click—I hold his original power of attorney, and his subsequent appointment of a person named Leslie to be his attorney—the number of Click's claim is 154—the original amount of the claim was about 65l., the award was 15l. odd—if Click appeared by agent, the award paper would, in the usual course of business, be delivered to his agent; and if he appeared himself, it would be delivered to himself—this power of attorney would authorize Leslie to receive the award paper—this is the power constituting Leslie his attorney, subsequent to the revocation of the first power—I have examined this paper (No. 1,) and can distinctly discover an alteration on the face of it—the party to whom it is addressed is placed in the wrong part of the paper, and there is decidedly an alteration in the sum itself.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see the person called Click? A. I cannot undertake to say, in the immense multitude of claimants which we have—I have ascertained that a person named Click did make a claim, from reference to our books—I have no personal recollection of issuing that claim myself, except from its having my own signature on it—I can merely infer that this was issued to Click from the usual course of business—I cannot tax my memory as to having done any business with Click—my signature would only show that this is a claim which was issued by myself, in the usual course of business—without reference to books I cannot say

that this was issued in favour of a person named Click, for this simple reason, the name of Click is gone.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Can you say whether it was ever issued from your office in the name of William Bouch? A. Certainly it was not.

COURT. Q. Is there any appearance remaining by which you can detect any name in whose favour it was issued? A. The only appearance is what I may call a sort of contingent evidence—the No. 254 has been altered from 154, which was the number of Click's claim, and the 15l., which was the amount of Click's award, has been altered to 65l.—we have no claimant named Bouch.





AUGUSTUS FREDERICK LIKGLEY
. I am a clerk in the office of the Mixed Commission. This paper (No. 1) has my writing on it—I made it out originally-—the name of Bouch was not then in it—it was written on the 28th of October, which appears by the date of it—I remember writing it perfectly well—it is part of my duty—the original name has been erased from the paper, which is very evident, by some kind of acid, and this "William Bouch" introduced in a new place—that is not my writing—my figures were 15l. 14s. 4 1/2 d., and now it stands 65l. 14s. 4 1/2 d.—the I has been converted into a 6—the number of the claim was originally 154, but the I has been converted into a 2, and it now stands 254; and I think the address was originally, 17, Tabernacle-walk, but it has been altered to 27—I do not know in whose handwriting the alterations are.

Q. Can you tell of your own knowledge and recollection what name was originally in that particular paper? A. Peter Click—in my own handwriting.

Cross-examined. Q. From your own recollection you can tell that distinctly, can you? A. Yes—I have not looked at any book to refresh my memory, because I had no need to do so—these are papers of importance—I look through the books almost every day, but I have not looked at them for the purpose of refreshing my memory upon this point—I have looked to see whether any person of that name was contained in the books, but before I did so I had a decided knowledge of giving that paper to a person named Click.





ROBERT THOMS
. I am a pork butcher and tripe dresser, and live at No. 146, Edgware-road. The signature, "Robert Thoms, butcher, 146, Edgware-road," to this paper (No. 4) is not my signature—there is no other Robert Thoms, a butcher, living at 146—I do not know a man named Bouch, living in Church-street Lisson-grove.





ANN WILLIAMS
. I am the wife of Robert Williams, who was a colonel in the Portuguese war of liberation—I know his handwriting—this certificate (No. 3) is not his handwriting—the prisoner called at my house with another person to ask for a certificate—the colonel was ill in the country at that time, and continued so for about a fortnight—I am quite sure this is not his writing.

MR. HART. re-examined. The prisoner represented to me that he or Bouch would execute to me a good and valid assignment of all the money due to him for the service—that was done before I parted with the money and goods—I do not think I should have let him have had either money or goods without they had made out at the time what I thought to be a good assignment—that was done on the Thursday evening—I had advanced the 10s. before I got that paper.

MR. BALLANTINE called





WILLIAM BROWN
. I live at No. 16, North-street I was adjutant of

the regiment the prisoner formerly belonged to, and served in Portugal—I have known him since 1831—he went out with me then, and through his good character was promoted to the rank of sergeant—his character was always honest and trustworthy.

COURT. Q. Do you know a man named Bouch? A. I recollect a man of that name in the regiment.
(Charles Morgan, cabinet-maker, Hosier-lane; and Mary Jones, wife of a builder, No. 5, Earl-street, Lisson-grove, also deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
