




3054. 




WILLIAM DAVIE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of October, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 ring, value 1l. 10s.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 half-sovereign, and 1 5l. Bank-note; the property of 



George Webb
: and 


MARY CRISP, 

for feloniously receiving the said 5l. note, well knowing it to have been stolen.


MR. DOANE. conducted the Prosecution.






LIEUT. GEORGE WEBB
. I am in the Royal Marines, and am quartered at Woolwich. Davie was in the service of a brother officer—on Sunday evening, the 2nd of October, I returned from dinner—Davie came up to me in the passage, and said a gentleman had been into my room inquiring for me; that he had stopped some time, then said he could not stop any longer, he would call again in the morning, and he had been gone half an hour—I asked his name—he gave me some name, which I have forgotten—next morning I missed my watch, ring, and a 5l. note—I gave information to the police—this is the note—I have not found the watch and ring.

Davie. He was asked if he recollected the number of the note; he said, "No;" but when he got home he said he did. Witness. I knew the number, and it has the initials "J. B." on it.





JAMES PARRY
 (police-sergeant R 8.) In consequence of information I went to the prisoner's lodgings, in High-street, Woolwich—I went into a room, and found Crisp and a marine, and another woman—the others left, and I said to Crisp, "What is your name?"—she said "Crisp"—I said, "I

suppose you have heard Davie is in trouble; what did he give you last night?"—she said, "Nothing"—I said, "What, this morning?"—she said "Nothing"—I moved the mattress and bed off, and saw five or six pieces of curled paper—she seized them—I caught her hand, forced it open, and found this 5l. note in it—I said to the prosecutor, "What is the number of your note?"—he said, "76116, and 'J. B.' on it"—I said, "There it is"—I took Davie afterwards—he was told by the adjutant of the charge—I said it was a bad job for the poor woman—he said, "She is innocent; when I gave it to her I told her it would be of some use to her by and by."

Davie's Defence. A gentleman called, and asked if Mr. Webb was there; I said no; the door was open: he went in, and remained a quarter of an hour, and then went down.

DAVIE—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

CRISP—


NOT GUILLY
.
