




1667. 




CHARLES KING
 and 




HANNAH O'MALEY
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 gown, value 2s.; the goods of 



John Poulter.—2nd Count, stating it to be the goods of 



Elizabeth Sarah Poulter; and that O'Maley had been previously convicted of felony.






SARAH POULTER
. I am the wife of John Poulter, of Gardner-street, Vauxhall-bridge-road. On the 6th of Aug., about eleven o'clock at night, I saw my daughter take off her gown, in the room on the ground-floor, where I; sleep, and lay it on the table under the window—about half-past three o'clock in the morning my husband unfastened the window, as it was very: hot—I got up at half-past six, and missed the gown—I gave information and left a pattern of it at Mr. Havener's, the pawnbroker's—this gown produced is my daughter Elizabeth Sarah's—she is fifteen years old—she was living as part of her father's family—I do not know the prisoners.





GEORGE BELL
. I am in the service of Mr. Ravener, a pawnbroker at Westminster. On the 7th of Aug. Mrs. Poulter left a pattern of a gown with me about ten o'clock, and about twelve o'clock the same day the prisoner O'Maley pledged the gown—she said it was her property, and she bought it two years before—King came in in a minute after and said she was his wife, and it was all right—I gave them into custody—I had not seen them together before they came.





WILLIAM WARDLOW
. I was called to Mr. Ravener's, and took the prisoners—I asked O'Maley where she got it from—she said, "I have. had it a long time; it is my own property"—King said he knew nothing at all about it, and should not go with me—that he knew nothing of the woman at the station O'Maley said she bought the gown that morning at the Corner-pin public-house in Strutton-ground, of a woman she did not know—I had seen the prisoners together half an hour before I took them—O'Maley had a parcel under her arm.

King produced a written defence, stating that he met O'Maley ma public-house, and went with her to pawn the shawl, to get something to drink

O'Maley's Defence. I bought the gown at the Corner-pin, and gave 8d.





EDWARD SHAW
 (police-constable B 87.) I took out a certificate of the

prisoner O'Maley's former conviction, but lost it and my pocket-book out of my pocket last night, and had not time to get another—I saw the name, Harriet Cummins, in the certificate, tried at Westminster in Oct. 1841, and sentenced to four months imprisonment.

KING—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.—



Confined Four Months.


O'MALEY—



GUILTY. Aged 34, but not of the former conviction
.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
