




171. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 and 




GEORGE PEARSON
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



William Turner, and putting him in fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person and against his will, 1 hat, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, 6d.; 1 purse, 6d.; 4 half-crowns, 24 shillings, and 8 sixpences; his property, and at the time of and immediately after the robbery feloniously did together beat, strike, and use other personal violence to him; and that they had both been previously convicted of felony.






WILLIAM TURNER
. I am a seaman, and live at 22, Wellington-place, Hackney-road. On the night of the 8th Nov., about twelve o'clock, I was in Blackman-street, coming from New-cross, and close to Union-street—there were about twelve or fifteen men on the pavement—I was walking at a pretty brisk pace, but eased my pace as I came close to them—they opened a passage to let me through—I got a shove on my right side, and before I bad time to look round, my hands were pinioned behind me by four or lire people, and I was held by my shoulders—I was surrounded by the whole of them—I directly found myself fast and could not move, and felt the money going out of my pocket—I had a purse taken out of my left-hand breeches' pocket with twenty shillings in it, all in shillings, a white handkerchief, which was on top of the purse, was taken at the same time, and out of my right-hand pocket, from seventeen to nineteen shillings, in half-crowns, shillings, and I believe sixpences—I called out for the police as loudly as I could, and directly received a blow on my head from some hard instrument or other—it was not a fist; it cut me—I still called out—my hat was knocked off, and I got another cut over my lip from the same instrument—it was something harder than a man's fist—I was then let go, and saw a man picking up a hat—I do not know if it was my hat—I ran towards that man as far as Union-street—I felt blood running down my face—I lost sight of him there—running up Union-street I heard a rattle—I did not run further, but waited till the policeman came to me—I had a pocket-book in my coat-tail pocket—the coat tail was torn, but they did not get the book—my trowsers were torn below the pocket in getting the money out—the prisoner Smith is the man that was engaged at this side pocket or else holding me at the time, the other I believe to be the man who I got the two blows from—I am sure he was close to me—I am sure they were both of the party, and close about me—Smith was on my left side and Pearson on my right—Pearson gave me two blows—the prisoners were left and right of me at the time I was robbed—the blood ran down into my eye and blinded me—I could not distinguish anybody after that to speak to them—I was taken to St. Thomas's hospital-one of the prisoners was brought to me, but I could not recognize him at that time, as my head was so bad from the effect of the blows—the doctor thought my skull was fractured—when I saw Pearson at the Police-court I had no doubt he was the man who was on my right hand, and struck me—I remained in the hospital about half an hour—my lip was cut right open—it required being sewn up—I went about two days after to have the threads taken out.

Smith. Q. Where was the first place you saw me? A. At the Police-court,

after the act was committed—I do not know whether you had a hat or a cap on at the time of the offence, but I think a cap—some had hats and some caps—they all ran different ways—I was left standing—I ran after the man who had the hat, supposing it to be mine—I could not identify Pearson that night, as my head was dizzy after it was dressed—the policeman asked if I could recognize him—I said I could not swear at the time whether it was the man or not.

Pearson. He said he could not tell who it was, he was surrounded by so many. Witness. I did not say that—the prisoners were so close to me, and I was held so steadily with my hands behind me, that I had a good opportunity of seeing them—I swear to you by your countenance—you had a blue jacket on, the same as you have now—I do not know whether you had a cap or a hat, I believe you had a hat, and I believe a jacket.

Pearson. The clerk and the Magistrate put their heads together, and us prisoners were placed between twenty-four or twenty-five others, and before he pointed me out he was asked if the man with the bluejacket was one; why not place us among the people in the court, and let him recognize us? Witness. I pointed him out among others, and said that is the man, in the blue jacket—I am perfectly clear he is the man—I am certain of him.





JOHN SIMS
 (polite-constable M 164.) On Sunday night, the 8th of Nov., I heard a rattle and cry of "Police!" in King-street—I went towards High-street, and saw Pearson running, in company with two others, one of them I believe to be Smith—I stopped Pearson—he slackened his pace when he saw me, and pointing to one not in custody, he said, "That is him, stop him"—I stopped Pearson and took him into custody—I took him back to the spot, and ascertained that somebody had been assaulted, and taken to the hospital—the prosecutor said he had seen him before, but could not make any charge against him—he appeared stupified from the effects of the blows, and was bleeding—he had a good deal of blood over his face—the surgeon had just finished dressing his lip, which was cut quite through—it was sewn up—the blow on his head had been dressed—when Pearson pointed out another man as the person I ought to take, I asked what he had done—he said there had been a row in the Borough, but he himself knew nothing about it.

Smith. Q. Why not come at the first examination and state that he said he thought I was the man; you did not state it till the third time? A. I was not there the first day—I knew you were in custody, but did not know it was on this charge—you were stopped with a bat—I did not know it was the prosecutor's—I had described who I thought were the men; among the force—I stated to the Magistrate that I believed Smith was the party that passed me in the street.

Pearson. Q. Was not I running close alongside of you a good many yards? I never said, "Stop that man." A. He said, "Stop him, that is him"—they were the only three people who were running in the street—I should not know the third man, he was much taller than either of the others. Pearson. Q. I was behind you how could you know my voice? A. He was not behind me—I met them.





THOMAS WATKINS
 (police-constable.) I apprehended Smith in Mint-square with a hat in his hand and a cap on his head—he was tipsy—I told him what I took him for—he did not ask me what I took him for—I found two shillings in his mouth—the gentleman would not claim the hat at the office—he said he thought it was his, but would not swear to it—I afterwards apprehended Pearson, and told him what I took him for—he said, "It is all right, I was at the hospital with the man."





WILLIAM TURNER

re-examined. I cannot swear this hat is mine, but I I believe it to be—I bought mine in Whitechapel or the Minories—here is "Patent London Waterproof" in this hat—there is no maker's name in it—my hat had "Patent Waterproof," or "London Patent Waterproof" in it similar to this—it has been a great deal disfigured since I had it—I think Smith had a cap on when he was by my side—there were two or three hats and caps lying on the ground, being left behind by the parties—the man who picked up a hat ran towards Union-street.





THOMAS WATKINS

re-examined. That is the direction in which I saw Smith.





WILLIAM SHEPHERD
. I am a publican, and live in Mint-square—the prisoner Smith came in that night, on the 9th of November, about one o'clock, or ten minutes after—I was letting some friends out, and he came in with some one else—I cannot say whether he had a hat—I did not serve him—I pushed him out of the house—he was in liquor, and I kicked a hat out with him, supposing it to be his—it was late, and I thought he had had enough—the constable was just outside the door at the time—I am speaking of the night of the 8th.

Smith's Defence. There were four or five drinking in the public-house; a young fellow I was apprenticed with came and asked me to have something to drink; I know no more about the hat than I do about what I am charged with; the policeman says he took me going towards Union-street, and where the person ran with the hat was on a different side of the way; the policeman says I ran down King-street; the prosecutor says the man with a hat ran down Union-street; they have made it all up between them—I was intoxicated when I was fetched out of the public-house.

Pearson's Defence. The day after I was apprehended, the policeman said he had seen the prosecutor, and he seemed to think he could swear to me; they have laid their heads together, and made the matter up; how can the man swear I gave the blow in the confusion? I had just come out of the public-house, and heard a rattle springing; I told the policeman so, and he would not go over to satisfy himself.





THOMAS WEST
 (police-constable M 249.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Smith's former conviction—(read—Convicted at Newington, the 27th of May, 1844, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—he is the same party.





THOMAS FOX
 (Thames policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Pearson's former conviction—(read—Convicted the 18th of Sept., 1843, and confined six months)—I know him to be the person.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.

PEARSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for Twenty Years.


Before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

