



1957. 




RICHARD HARRIS, alias
 Perkins,

 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit shilling to 



Ann Noah; having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Richard Harris, alias Perkins—(read.)





GEORGE THORNTON
. I am a policeman. I know the prisoner—he is the person mentioned in the record—I was present at his trial.





ANN NOAH
. I am the wife of Japheth Frederick Noah, a tobacconist, of No. 8, Upper St. Martin's-lane. On Wednesday morning, the 4th of August, the prisoner came into the shop about eleven o'clock, and asked for half-an-ounce of tobacco, which came to 2d., and laid me down a counterfeit shilling—I discovered it to be bad, and told him so—he left the shop—about half-past one o'clock he came again, asked for half-an-ounce of tobacco, which came to 2d.—I served him—he gave me a half-crown—I noticed it was good, and was very much worn down—I noticed two marks on the side—I gave him a shilling, two sixpences, and four penny pieces—I laid it down on the counter—he took it up, and then said, "I want the 1 1/2 d. tobacco"—I said, "I have not got any"—he said, "I must have, it, or return me my money"—I gave him the half-crown back, he laid down the change, and I noticed there was a counterfeit shilling among it as he was going out of the door—I called to him, "You villain, you have given me a bad shilling in the change"—he took no notice, but ran away—I pursued him—I am quite certain it was not the shilling I gave him, as I had but one shilling in my pocket, which I took out with the two sixpences out of the drawer—I noticed the shilling I gave him had a lion and a crown on it—when I got outside he was walking very quick, and looked over his, shoulder—he saw me, and took to his heels—I ran as hard as I could, and called "Stop thief"—he ran into Lascelles-court—I saw a policeman there, and informed him—I took the change that was on the counter in my hand, marked it, and gave it to the policeman—I saw the prisoner in custody that evening.

Prisoner. I was not in the shop. Witness. I am quite sure of him.






WILLIAM HOWARD
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Earl-street, Seven Dials, about half-past one o'clock in the afternoon, and saw the prisoner running at the head of a mob—I ran after him into Lascelles-court, and in consequence of what I heard, went to a house in Salutation-court, which leads out of that court, and found the prisoner in a loft at the top of a house—I told him he was the man I wanted—he said nothing, but put half-a-crown into his mouth, which I took out, and produce—I searched him at the station-house, and found nothing—I afterwards saw Mrs. Noah at the station-house—she gave me a counterfeit shilling, which I produce—she identified the half-crown, as being very much worn, and having two marks at the side, before she saw it.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin. This shilling is counterfeit—the half-crown is a good one—it is not a lion and crown shilling—here are two marks on the edge of the half-crown.

Prisoner's Defence. I was never in the shop at all; I know nothing about the counterfeit shilling—at the station-house the lady said I was not the person, and she sent another woman, that said I was not the person A pot-boy, also, said I was not the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.
