



2042. 




JOHN BRIDGER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Joseph Sacre, about the hour of eleven in the night of the 
17th of July, at 

St. Marylebone, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 4 coats, value 4l. 12s.; 1 waistcoat, value 8s.; 2 pairs of breeches, value 12s.; and 3 pairs of gaiters, value 18s.; his goods: 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 18d.; 2 gowns, value 3s.; 2 caps, value 1s.; 2 shawls, value 5s.; and 1 shirt, value 2s.; the goods of 



John Thomas Woods.






JOHN THOMAS WOODS
. I am servant to Mr. William Joseph Sacre, who lives in Park-road. The stable is at the bottom of the garden—I left it all safe at eleven o'clock on the 17th of July—I returned in about an hour and a half, or three-quarters, and missed from it the articles stated—the parties must have got in at the loft-door, which had been shut—the bolt was slid in about an inch—they must have forced it open—nothing was broken—I went down to the station soon after, and there saw all the articles but two coats and a shirt—this now produced is my master's livery coat—I know nothing of the prisoner except seeing him about Lisson-grove.





JESSE CHESHIRE
. I am a policeman. I was on duty that night, and met the prisoner in Alpha-road, a short distance from Mr. Sacre's stable, carrying this bundle under his arm—I suspected all was not right, and asked what he had got—he said, only a few old clothes which a servant had given him at No. 2, Alpha-road—I took the bundle from him, and found it contained livery and other articles—I tied it up again, took hold of him, and saidjie must go with me—he became very resolute, and tried

to get away by slipping his arms out of his coat—I kept hold of him—he said, "D—your b—eyes, if you don't let go of me I will knock your b—head off"—sergeant Grimwood came up, and assisted me in taking him to the station—the prisoner was asked there where he got the things from—he said a servant in Alpha-road had given them to him to carry to the Edgware-road—we examined the bundle, and, having been on the beat some time, I knew the livery, and went to the prosecutor.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not see a servant with me? A. I saw a servant a long distance before you, but I do not think he had any thing to do with you.





DANIEL GRIMWOOD
. I am a police-sergeant. On the night in question I was on duty in Lisson-grove, and saw Cheshire struggling with the prisoner—the bundle was close to the footpath in the road—I scrambled it up as well as I could, and went to assist Cheshire to take the prisoner to the station—the bundle contained the articles stated, which the prosecutor's servant identified.

Prisoner's 'Defence—(written). "I was going across Boston-fields; when I got into the Alpha-road a groom came up, and asked me to carry a bundle into the Edgware-road, and he would pay me for it; and as I was going along I was stopped by a policeman; he asked what I had got; I said I did not know, but I was carrying it for the groom he saw before me; he saw him go away when he stopped me; he asked me to let him look at the bundle; I stood by him till he looked at it, and then he took me into custody. I was in liquor at the time."




GUILTY
.** Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

