





1861. 




ROBERT SAMMON
 and 




THOMAS HARRIS



, stealing 3040 square inches of glass, 3 plate-glasses, 12 dishes, 1728 night lights, 146 boxes, and 1 packing-case, value 15l.; the goods of 



William James Chaplin, and another: and 




RICHARD ELSWORTHY



, feloniously inciting them to commit the said felony, and for receiving the said goods.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM DAWSON
. I am in the service of Palmer and Co., St. Martin's-lane, glass-merchants. On 29th June I saw some glasses packed, which were not silvered—they were to be sent to the Golden Cross.





JAMES BROOK
. I am in the service of Rose and Co., china-manufacturers, of Newcastle-street. On 28th June I packed some china in a case, about three feet long—they were to be sent to the Brighton Railway—I delivered them to Arnott.





HENRY ARNOTT
. I am porter to Messrs. Rose and Co., Newcastle-street. On 29tn June I took the package to the Golden Cross, and delivered it to the book-keeper.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Who gave it to you? A. I saw it packed by Mr. Brooks, on the evening before—I took it by order of our foreman.





HENRY ELLIS
. I am in the employ of Samuel Ellis Childs, a waxchandler. On 28th June I packed a box of night-lights for Mr. Amor, of Hastings—I delivered them to George Wood.





GEORGE WOOD
. I am carman to Mr. Childs. On 29th June I took a case of goods to the Golden Cross, directed to Mr. Amor, of Hastings—they were the goods that had been packed by Mr. Ellis—I left them on the platform.





WILLIAM WHITE
. I am a clerk to Messrs. Chaplin and Horne, at the Golden Cross, Charing-cross. On 29th June some packages were brought, to go by the Brighton Railway—Wood brought one, and Arnott another—I signed the books of all those who brought them—they would go off for the Brighton train, from half-past four till a quarter before five o'clock—about that time a person came for them—I do not know the person—I gave him the three packages—he signed my book, which I have here.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You recollect Arnott? A. Yes; I knew him before—I know Dawson—I know the three persons who brought the three packages—they had been in our office from the morning part—I book the direction of all the packages that come into the place.





HENRY SMITH
. I was in the service of Messrs. Chaplin and Home about two years ago, as a cart-boy, to deliver goods to and from the railway—Sammon was then in their employ—I was boy under him—I was taken into custody on this charge, and brought before a Magistrate, and examined by him as a witness—I come now from this gaol—on 27th June I lived in White's-ground, Bermondsey, with ray father, mother, and sister—I was at

that time out of employ—on that day my sister told me something—the next day I went to the Vineyard, in Tooley-street—I saw Sammon and Harris—Sammon said he wanted me for two or three days' work—I asked what it was to do—he said to go down to the Brighton Railway, and take some goods to Grosvenor-square—he told me to speak to Harris, which I did, and he told me the same; and he said to Sammon, "Do you think he will do?"—he said, "Yes, as well as anybody"—Harris asked me what I wanted for two days' work—I said, "I don't know; you ought to know"—Sammon stood aside, and he said, "Stick it on, it is all right; I am at work for him"—I then asked 8s. for two days—Harris said it was too much—he offered me 6s.—I refused it—he then asked me to take a walk along with him—he said he had lent his cart, and he did not know whether he could go or not—I walked with him as far as Bermondsey-square, and he left me in a public-house while he went to see if the cart was come—he said he did not expect it home till late at night, but he would go and see—he returned in about twenty minutes, and said the cart would not be at home till late, and I was to wait at home the next morning, and they would call for me as they went along—I waited the next morning—they did not come, and I went down to the water-side, expecting some work—I looked in at the public-house just where I had met them before—it was then a little before one o'clock—Sammon came to the door—he asked me if I was ready—I said yes, and asked why he did not come to me—he said they were in such a hurry to go up with the things that they were obliged to go up with them themselves (that was the things they told me went to Grosvenor-square)—Sammon said that he was going over after some more, and asked if I would go—I said I did not mind—I got up into the cart, which was standing about 100 yards from the public-house—I found Harris in the cart, and he and Sammon and I went to Smithfield—the cart had a bit of board nailed along the shaft, with the name of "M'Carthy, King-street, Westminster," on it, and I noticed it had a new wooden axletree, which was not painted—Harris drove the cart—we went to a public-house, and I saw Mr. Elsworthy there—I was standing along side the cart, and they brought me out some gin and beer, and I took some—Elsworthy asked who I was, and Harris and Sammon said, "It is all right, he belongs to us"—we then left Elsworthy in Smithfield, and Harris, Sammon, and I went to a public-house, at the corner of Portpool-lane, in Leather-lane—we then went to a public-house iu Drury-lane—we came down Drury-lane to Fleet-street—in coming along, Sammon said to Harris, "Let us go and get the money for those things we brought over before"—Harris said, "How about these places?"—Sammon said, "Oh, that will be all right; trust to me"—they both told me to go to the Cross Keys and to the Spread Eagle—I asked them whether I should want the book, or a bill, or anything, and Sammon gave me a bill which he wrote in the public-house, in Drury-lane, and Harris signed it—I was to go to the Cross Keys and the Spread Eagle, to ask for the Brighton luggage—they said, "Show them that bill if they ask you about anything, and say that Mr. Stensell sent you; and tell them you have been up to the West End with a load of furniture, and he told you to call as you came back"—Harris and Sammon got out of the cart on Ludgate-hill, just before they came to St. Paul's, and sent me on, and said they would meet me against the bridge—I had not a waistcoat on, and when Sammon gave me the bill he said, "You have not a waistcoat; you had better put my apron on"—I went to the Cross Keys with the cart—I asked for the Brighton luggage, as I had been told—I went to the Spread

Eagle, in Gracechurch-street—I made the same application there—I did not get any at either of those places—I met Harris and Sammon at the corner of Lombard-street—they got up into the cart—we went over to Tooley-street, just where the cart stood before—they turned the cart round there, and Harris asked Sammon whether he had got any money—he said, "No"—I told him I had none—he said he wished we had, to get a drop more beer—I saw a man that I knew, and I got him to get a pot of beer—he had got 2 1/2 d., and they trusted me 1 1/2 d.—Harris said, "It won't do to go home without any at all; you must take a few of some sort or another home, or else they won't let us have the other things"—Sammon said, "Let us go up to the Golden Cross, and two or three of them places; we are sure to get something there"—they told me to drive the cart over Westminster-bridge to the Golden Cross—I did so—they were in the cart with me—when we got to the Golden Cross, they both told me to get out, and run in and ask them about the luggage—I did so, and Sammon and Harris stood along side of the cart, which was just outside—I asked for the Brighton luggage, and I got two boxes and a case of glass—I brought them out, and Sammon and Harris helped me with them into the cart—I signed a book before I brought them out—I asked Harris what name I should sign, and he told me to sign James—this is my signature to this book—after these things were in the cart, Harris and Sammon got in, and the cart drove down the Strand to Fleet-street—against the Boltin-Tun there was one of Chaplin and Home's vans, and Sammon said, "It won't do to go here now; it is one of Tommy Fisher's vans, from the Dover, and he will be sure to keep us talking"—(he is the driver of one of Chaplin and Horne's vans)—we then turned the cart round, and went up to the White Horse, Fetter-lane—when we got there, Harris and I got out, and Sammon remained in the cart—as we were coming out of the White Horse, Harris said, "Look sharp, or you are dead sailed"—I looked round and saw one of Chaplin and Horne's vans coming round from Holborn—Sammon then drove the cart away—Harris and I walked—we saw the cart go along Fleet-street, and over Blackfriars bridge—we lost Sammon there, we could not see which way he went—Harris and I went over Blackfriars-bridge, and round against Bermondsey Church we found Sammon in Elsworthy's yard, which lays alongside of Bermondsey Church—Sammon and Elsworthy were opening the boxes—besides the boxes I saw the parcel which I had brought from Fetter-lane—Elsworthy tore the paper, and took something out—he said he would have the parcel to line his van with, but he would not have the others, meaning the boxes I suppose—the boxes were under the corner of a shed—the parcel was taken inside a little corner—Elsworthy saw that I was in liquor, and he took me down, and set me in a chair, and Mr. and Mrs. Elsworthy measured the red stuff in the parcel—when Harris, Sammon, and Mr. Elsworthy went to the door after it was all done, they were saying something about 2l. 15s., and I heard Mr. Elsworthy say something about 1l. for the cart, and I heard Sammon and Harris say about 15s.—they settled it then, and I stopped there and dropped off to sleep—when I awoke, there was nobody in the room—I came outside the door, and saw Elsworthy—I asked where they were gone—he said, "Who"—I said, "Sammon and the other man"—he said, "They have been gone a long time, you know where to meet them in the morning"—I said, "No, I do not"—he said, "You will meet them against the Church"—I went to the Church the next morning, about ten minutes before ten o'clock—I waited about there, and saw Harris drive up with a covered cart, with two

women in it—we stopped there till Sammon came, and some man with him—when Sammon saw the women, he said he would not go where the women were—we then went to the corner of Portpool-lane, in Leather-lane—we had then in the tilted cart the boxes which came from the Golden Cross, which had been under the shed the night before with a tarpaulin over them—Harris and Sammon went into the public-house—they called me in, and we had some drink—they were talking to a man named Job Baillie, who I belive was a porter there—Harris went out and came in, again; he then went out again—the cart was still there—presently Harris came and took the cart away—he then went with the cart to a street just out of Leather lane, where there was a glass shop—Sammon had gone out a little while after Harris—I went to the corner, and saw glass carried into the class shop—it was taken out of the box by Harris and Job Baillie, and when the box was empty it was chucked up in front of the cart again—the cart was then taken to a public-house at the corner of the street—there were two other boxes in the cart—I carried one of them down a court, and Sammon came and carried the other—I do not know the place nor the people they were taken to—they went to the same house—the boxes were brought out empty and chucked up into the cart—we then stopped at a public-house, and had something to drink, and then went over again to Mr. Elsworthy's yard—the boxes were then taken out of the cart and chucked underneath the shed—Elsworthy was there, and he got the case, put it against the side and broke it—there was a bill written of the glass at the public-house at the bottom of the street where the glass went—this is it—(looking at it)—Sammon wrote the top part of it, and Harris signed it—(read—June 30th, 1848, Mr. Wright bought of R. Smithers, three British plates, 1l. 16s. received James Johnson."


Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. What wages did you have at Chaplin and Horne's? A. Ten shillings a week—I have been lately employed at Mr. James', in Russell-street—I received 14s. a week there—I have been since that at Mr. Eastwood's lime-works—I do a good deal by working at the water side, at Shad Thames—I do not work there at night—I am innocent of this case—I cannot say much about my honesty, if I did, you would contradict me—it is six weeks and three days ago since I was taken on this charge—I was taken by myself at first—it was about a week afterwards that I told what I have repeated here to-day—I believe I first told Mr. Shepherd and Mr. Fannill—I have never been in this gaol before—I was one month at Brixton, for being found under the railway arch asleep, and drunk—it was down by St. John's Church—I do not know who the Magistrate was who committed me—there was nothing found on me—the arch door was open where I laid asleep, and the policeman awoke me, and kicked me about—I was examined once about a watch, but I was discharged—I do not know what the value of the watch was—they could not exactly say that it was me that took it—I have not been half-a-dozen times locked up in the station-house—I am sure it is not more than three times—I was taken before the Magistrate for some clothes or something, but I was discharged for it—I have never been in gaol except on those cases—I cannot tell what time of day it was when I saw Harris and Baillie—I was in liquor—it was the morning part—I cannot recollect the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. I suppose you were aware what you were going to do? A. I thought I was going to work for them—Harris said he was at work for the railroad—I did not know on Thursday, that what I did when I went with Baillie was improper—I did not know that when I

went, and said I wanted the Brighton luggage it was improper—I was in service in Tooley-street—that was where I was charged about the watch—I cannot tell how many public-houses we were in—I suppose I slept about an hour wlen I fell asleep at Mr. Elsworthy's—the statement I made when Shepherd and Fannill came to me was taken down in writing—I sent for them because I wanted to tell them—my sister and my father had been to speak to me about it—I do not remember whether any police-officer had been—I was not told by any police-officer that if I did not tell all about it I should be transported; when a person is innocent they do not want to be transported—before I had an interview with Fannill, I wrote something on a bit of paper which I gave to one of the turnkeys—I did not keep a copy of it—Mr. Russell has been to me—I have not seen any one else but Mr. Humphreys—a copy of my statement was read over to me at Guildhall—I cannot do otherwise than expect to be tried for this offence still—whether I shall be imprisoned, is just as they like.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. If when you were in the employ of Chaplin and Horne, you had 10s. a week, how came you when you were out of employ to ask 8s. for two days? A. Because Sammon told me—I did not expect that they were going about what they ought not, when they hired me—I did not suspect it when they told me what they did in Fetter-lane—I do not know what I thought when they took me to Elsworthy's yard—I was taken up in about a fortnight afterwards—I was told to keep out of the way, but I did not—I kept where I always did, by the water-side—I got the luggage about four o'clock, and I might get to Mr. Elsworthy's yard about six—I do not know what he is—he lets out carts and vans.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you know him before that day? A. I might have seen him, I did not know him.





JOB BAILLIE
. I know the prisoner Sammon, not by the name of Sammon, but as Bob—I have seen Harris—on Friday, 30th June, he called on me, and said he had a job for me to do—I went with him to Holborn—he told me he had purchased some glass at a sale—I did not see it then, I saw it about an hour after, when he came to me a second time at the corner of Portpool-lane—I went with him to Holborn again—I there saw a tilted cart—he and I went with it to Mr. Molinari's shop, in Greville-street—I walked in there myself by Harris' desire—I knew Mr. Molinari—he was not at home—I went for him, and when he came, the tail-board of the cart was let down, and three pieces of glass were delivered to me—I carried them one by one into Mr. Molinari's shop—there was some conversation between Harris and Mr. Molinari, which I did not hear—we then went to the Leathern Bottle—I saw Sammon there and the boy Smith—I was to have a pint of beer there, but on account of no smoking being allowed, it was not called for—after they had got out, Harris paid me 3s.—I had before that told Harris that Mr. Molinari wanted a bill—I cannot say whether he gave him one—I have been to Elsworthy's house since—I have seen a cart there, which I have not the slightest doubt is the one the glass was taken out of.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. What are you? A. A vender of fish and fruit, and a porter in general—I have no regular employ—I have carried on those pursuits for eighteen or twenty years—that is how I have got my living ever since my father was reduced in business—I follow Billingsgate market, and other markets, according to the season of the year—in 1828 or 1829 I was taken up on suspicion of taking a handkerchief out of a gentleman's pocket—I had scarcely left my school then—I was about eighteen

years old—I was convicted here of being concerned in it, and had three months—I have not been in any difficulty since—I have never been in a station-house to my recollection, or in any further trouble that I know of.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When was it your father got in difficulties? A. He was reduced before 1828—he had been a publican in Tottenham-court-road—I told this story the moment I was taken from my board of fruit—I attended the Police-court, and gave evidence.





ANDREW MOLIINARI
. I live in Greville-street, and am a looking-glass and frame-maker. I bought three glasses, eight or nine weeks ago—I cannot say that I bought them of Harris—here is the bill for them—Baillie brought the man to me—I have cut up one of the glasses, and made the three into four—I have silvered it. since—I gave 36s. for them—my wife was present—I handed the bill to her to see if it was correct—she understands English better than I do—the glasses were taken out of the box, and brought in one by one.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHIRNOCK. Q. What time of day was this? A. I think between eleven and twelve o'clock—36s. was a fair price, it was what I could afford to give—I would not swear it was Harris I bought them of—it was a tall dark man—I had known Baillie before—he used to be with an Italian in Leather-lane, fifteen or sixteen years ago—he used to come and fetch glasses from my shop for his master—I gave 30s. for these glasses—I deducted 6s. from the bill, because they were in bad condition.





ANN ELIZABETH MOLINARI
. I am the wife of Andrew Molinari. I recollect this purchase—Harris sold the goods, and brought this bill—it is not in my husband's name, but I took it for a bill—it is receipted at the botton.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. How long did this occupy? A. But a short time—I had never seen Harris before—I have seen him since, before the Magistrate—he was then pointed out to me—I feel positive he is the man—I would not mind swearing it, he is the very sort of man—I speak to his dress and his features and height, there is no other mark about him—I have always understood you could not swear to a person without he had a particular mark.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Do you know Baillie? A. Yes, as a man selling things in the street—he had not been in our house to speak to my husband before, not to my knowledge—I took the bill, and put it on the file—I saw it was receipted—it is in the name of Mr. Wright—I did not notice the name.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is Baillie the man that introduced the man who sold them? A. Yes—on looking at Harris, I have not any doubt he is the man.





FRANCES SMITH
. I am the sister of the witness, Henry Smith—I live in White's-ground, Bermondsey. In June last Harris and Sammon came to our house for my brother—Sammon asked me what time my brother would be at. home—I said, "I dare say at dinner-time"—he said if he came home I was to tell him to wait till he saw him—I went out, and returned between one and two o'clock, and I found Sammon and Harris—Sammon asked if my brother was at home—I said, "I dare say not"—I inquired of a neighbour, who said my brother was not at home—I asked Sammon if he would leave his name—he said, "No"—I askid it it was Sammon—he smiled—I asked how his wife and family were—he said, "Pretty well."

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Do you live with your father? A. Yes; I had been a servant up to 29th April—I have followed that occupation ever

since I Was nine years old—I have a mother living—I have left her to get settled; I do not know whether I shall—I have one child living—another is dead.





GEORGE THOMAS STANSALL
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Chaplin and Horne as clerk, at the New-cross station—I know Sammon, he was in my employ, as driver of a cart—he has left about twelve months—Smith went with him—neither of them were in our employ on 29th June.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Chaplin and Horne have a great many persons in their employ? A. Yes—I have the management of their business at New-cross—these men were not employed by me, nor any person in the service.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are such goods as are remitted by the Brighton train sent under your direction? A. Yes; I receive them and send them off—no person has a right to go for them but under my direction, and with my knowledge.





EDWARD JOHN DAVIS
. I live in Smithfield. I am in partnership with Mr. Cooper, a hay-salesman—on 29th June I saw Elsworthy, and sold him a load of hay.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. You have known him before? A. Yes—he told me he would send the money back, which he did.





CHARLES UNDERDOWN
. I am clerk to Messrs. Chaplin and Horne, at the Cross Keys. On 29th June, Smith came about half-past two o'clock—he asked for the Brighton luggage—he showed me a paper, which appeared to refer to goods supposed to be delivered at Grosvenor-square—that paper lulled my suspicion.





GEORGE HIBBITT
. I am in the service of Chaplin and Horne. I remember Smith coming to the Cross Keys, on 29th June, for the Brighton luggage—I saw a cart there—I have seen a cart since at Elsworthy's—I have no doubt at all it was the same.





GEORGE RUSSELL
 (City-policeman, 34). I went to Sammon's house, in Leather-lane, on 10th July—I asked him how long it was since he had seen Harry Smith—he said about three years—I went to Elsworthy's premises, in Bermondsey, on a Saturday, I think, 15th July—I saw him, and had conversation with him—I saw a horse and cart outside, with Elsworthy's name on it—I asked him how long he had had it—he said about three months—I asked how long his name had been on it—he said about a fortnight—it was a dark green cart, with a brown horse; it had an unpainted axletree—I observed to him that the board did not appear to me to be fastened very tightly—this is it (produced)—he said it was a bit that might be put on any cart—I went to it, and pulled it away—it came away very easily—I found a brown tilted cart, with the name of M'Carthy, Little Chapel-street, Westminster, painted on the shaft—I had had a description of Elsworthy's premises from Smith before I went there—I went again on 24th July, with Fannill—Fannill found this other board behind a door in the yard—(Elsworthy told me he had bought the first cart of a man named M'Carthy, at Westminster)—this is the board—it appeared to have been standing in the wet—Fannill asked Elsworthy if he put down the names of persons he let carts and vans to—he said he did, and he produced this book—here is the name of "Sammon, Jamaica Level," in this book; but it says "Jan., 1846"—I found at Sammon's five gimlets and a chisel—I found amongst some papers in a drawer, in Sammon's room, a bill with "Sammon, Jamaica Level," on it.






EDWARD FANNILL
 (City-policeman, 32). On 15th July, I went with Russell to Elsworthy's—there was a horse and cart standing in the street—I asked him if he let out horses and carts—he said yes—I asked if he recollected letting a horse and cart on 29th June to Sammon (pointing to the horse and cart)—he said he dit not let it to sammon—I asked if he let it to Harris or Smith—he said no, he did not know them—I told him I was a police-constable, and we were come to search his house—he said, "What for?"—I told him for some things that Smith and Sammon had brought there—he said he knew nothing of them—we walked in, and searched—we went again on 24th July, when Elsworthy was in custody—we searched the lower part of the stable and cart-house—I saw a tilted cart, with the name of M'Carthy on it—I saw the second cart again on the 24th; it had a wooden axle-tree, which appeared to be new, and behind the door I found this board.





JOHN BULLEN
. I am a driver, in the employ of Chaplin and Horne. I know Sammon—I saw him on 29th June, in Fetter-lane, about thirty or forty yards from the White Horse, with a horse and cart—I saw Smith go behind the cart, and throw a parcel into it—I saw there was a box on the copse of the cart in front.





WILLIAM DAWSON

re-examined. This glass belongs to Messrs. Palmer and Co.—there were three pieces sent—this large piece is in the same state that it was when it was sent, except that it has been silvered since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Is it plate glass? A. Yes—we do not manufacture it—there is no mark on it, I can only speak to the size of it; it is not an uncommon size, it might be used for a looking-glass or a door—this size might be cut by other persons—we buy it of the Plate-glass Company, in Fleet-street—I would not swear to it—it agrees exactly with the size we sent—two of these small pieces make up one piece, which agrees in size with what was sent.





JAMES BROOKE
. I packed a box of china. This board is similar to the boards we use, and it is the same length. Elsworthy received a good character.

SAMMON—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

HARRIS—


GLILTY
. Aged 39.





Transported for seven Years.


ELSWORTHY—


NOT GUILTY
.
