



438. 




EZEKIEL LYON
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1 st of January, 40 yards of woolen cloth, value 13l., the goods of 



Samuel Botson Aldred, and another.






JAMES HERBERT.
I am a warehouseman and salesman. On the 1st of January I was passing the shop of Aldred and Co., in High-street, Aldgate, and saw the prisoner with another person—they immediately separated, and I saw the prisoner go and place his back against a window, on the opposite side of the court to Aldred's shop, which is at the corner of the court—the other man took hold of a piece of cloth, which was between two doors of the prosecutor's shop, a sort of false door, and another opening into the street—it is the door of the shop—it was on a pile outside the inner door—I saw him take the cloth towards the prisoner, who held his hands out—I immediately exclaimed, "Ah, a thief! " loud enough for them to hear, and the bale of cloth was immediately dropped—I did not give the person time to put it in the prisoner's arms—the other man ran off—the prisoner walked away coolly up the court—the moment I saw the property taken care of I made after the prisoner, and brought him back to the prosecutor's shop—I never lost sight of him—I took him twenty or thirty yards from the spot—he said nothing to me till he got into the shop, and then denied having touched the cloth—I charged him with being a party concerned in it—I had not seen them talking together, nor walking together—they separated the instant I saw them.





WILLIAM LINDSAY.
I am shopman to Samuel Botson Aldred and

another. On the let of January, about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the act of taking the goods down from the door—there was a pile—I had got about half of them down, when the witness gave me information, and I saw a piece on the ground—I had seen it myself about a second before, safe on the pile, between the two doors—I was in the act of moving the goods off the pile, and when my back was turned this was taken—I know this cloth to be the prosecutor's property—it is worth about 13l.—there are forty yards.





JMAES MARTIN.
I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody, and have produced the cloth.
(Richard Levy, a broker, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY.Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years


Before Mr. Justice Erskine.
