




1907. 




MICHAEL DOWNEY
 was indicted

for feloniously cutting and wounding 




John Sullivan on his left side and shoulder, with intent to maim and disable him:—2nd COUNT, to do some grievous bodily harm.






JOHN SULLIVAN
. I am a labourer, and live in High-street, Bloomsbury. On the night of the 17th of Aug. I was piling up some bricks in New Oxford-street, near some buildings—my master came and told me to employ a man to do a job for him, and to find two men to assist me—I said I did not know where to find them—he then said, "There is a lazy man standing there that wants a job"—I said, "I did not think you wanted a lazy man, you want a man to work for you"—the man was standing behind me—he was like the prisoner—I told him I did not think he understood the business he was about to do—I did not hire him, or speak to him again—he was not employed at all—I was at work and felt something strike my side—I stood up and recovered myself, and asked why he served me out in that manner—I saw a knife in his hand—I had not felt him stick me with it—he said be would do it again, and my master came between us—I bled, and went to King's College Hospital—I never said, or did anything to him.





JOHN SWAINE
. I am proprietor of some buildings in Oxford-street. On the 17th of Aug. I desired Sullivan to find a man to assist him—the prisoner was standing by—I saw him rush towards the prosecutor and push him across the road—I did not observe a knife in his hand then—in about a minute after he left where he was standing, and went across the road, Sullivan stood up and asked what he did that for—he made no answer, but in about two minutes rushed at him again, I then saw a knife in his hand—I saw him act as if he stabbed him—Sullivan called out that he had stabbed him—I rushed between them, and found the knife in his hands—Sullivan was taken to the hospital.





HENRY SMITH
. I am surgeon at King's College Hospital—the prosecutor was brought to me—I found two wounds, which appeared to be done with a knife of this description—one wounded the kidney, and was very dangerous—it is very rarely a man can recover from such a wound—the other wound was on the left shoulder.

Prisoner. I was talking to a man employed on the same job; Sullivan came to prevent us; I said the place was wide enough for us all; he took up a brick, flung it at me, and hit me in the back, and then took up a second, and hit me with that.





JOHN SULLIVAN

re-examined. I swear I never threw any brick at him—I never spoke to him.





ISAAC KNIGHT
 (police-constable L 147.) I had this knife given me by another policeman.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.


