




1292. 




JAMES BOWLES
 and 




JOHN JONES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of April, 12 pairs of drawers, value 13s. 6d., the goods of 



George Tattersall.






WILLIAM WHITE
. I am shopman to George Tattersall, of Maiden-lane. On the 13th of April I lost a parcel of brown cotton drawers, between one and two o'clock—they were just inside the door—they are the property of George Tattersall—I know them by the way in which they are numbered.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Your master is not here? A. No—I was with him six months—he has no other name.





GEORGE CREWS
. I am a boot-maker, and live in Maiden-lane. At half-past one o'clock, on the 13th of April, I was standing at the door, and

saw the two prisoners turn round from Gutter-lane, and Bowles went into the prosecutor's—he was there about two minutes, then came out, spoke to Jones, and pretended to be looking about for some name—Bowles again went in, came out, and brought this parcel of goods, which he gave to Jones—they went away—I secured Jones—one of my men was coming up the lane—I called to him, to secure Bowles, which he did.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is Gutter-lane from this shop? A. There is one door between Gutter-lane and my door—I could not see which came from Gutter-lane first—I did not observe them till they turned out of Gutter-lane.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLKSTON. Q. What was the direction you gave your servant? A. I called to him to secure the man with the white apron—they staid about two minutes—I did not notice any other part of Bowles's dress besides the white apron—I gave him to a butcher, and then found my man had got Bowles—they turned different ways—there are four houses between the prosecutor's shop and mine—my man is not here.

COURT. Q. Was he ever out of your sight? A. Bowles was—I am sure he is the man.





SAMUEL COOMBS
 (City police-constable, No. 476.) I was called—a butcher had secured Jones, and Bowles was on the other side, a little further on.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. What did Bowles say? A. That he was not the man, and he knew nothing about it.
(JOHN WILSON, watch and clock maker, Great Turnstile, Holborn, gave Jones a good character.)

JONES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

BOWLES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Three Months.
