



1800. 




WILLIAM POSTON
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a counterfeit half-sovereign, having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of William Poston at this Court in July, 1842—I have examined it with the original record in Mr. Clark's office—it is a true copy—(read.)





JOHN BRETT
 (policeman.) I was present at the trial of the prisoner in July, 1842—he is the person convicted of passing a bad half-crown.





MARGARET BALDRY
. I am bar-maid at Mr. Gurney's, the Coachmaker's Arms, Marylebone. On Monday, the 17th of August, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, I was in the bar, attending to customers—(the prisoner came to the bar, and asked for a glass of spruce—I served him—it came to 2d.—he gave me a sovereign—I examined it—I found it was a good one, and gave him six half-crowns, four shillings, two 4d. pieces, and four halfpence—he drank the spruce, and asked me if I could give him a half-sovereign instead of the silver—I gave him a good half-sovereign and he gave me four half-crowns—he then said he had some halfpence and wanted 4d. pieces, and putting 2d. to the 2d. I had given him, asked me for a 4d. piece—in doing that his hand came near to where the half-sovereign was lying—it was on the same part of the counter—I gave him a 4d. piece for the halfpence—he then asked me to give him silver for the half-sovereign, which was then lying on the counter—I looked at it, and it was not the same I had given him—it was a bad one—it was much darker in colour, and had a smoother appearance than the one I had given him—I can swear it wai not the same—I said it was bad—he denied it being bad, he snatched it off the counter and left the house as soon as possible—the Sun and Sportsman in High-street is not more than ten minute's walk from our bouse.

Cross-examined hy
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. No, he was there two or three minutes or more—the half-sovereign I put down was a Victoria one, and so was the one he asked for silver for—I did not touch the one he asked for silver for—I merely judged by the appearance of its being bad—I cannot say how the prisoner was dressed—he had a black hat on—I am certain he is the same man.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How soon after the transaction were you called on about the matter? A. About one o'clock the same day, and then saw the prisoner—I have not the slightest doubt of him.

COURT. Q. You did not see him take up the half-sovereign you put down? A. No, he might have taken it up and put another down without my observing it, at the time I gave him the 4d. piece.





MARGARET DAVIS
. I am bar-maid at Mr. Weston's, of the Sun and Sportsman, High-street. On Thursday, the 17th of Aug., a little after twelve o'clock, the prisoner came and called for a glass of spruce, which

came to 2d.—served him—he gave me a sovereign—I keep change ready done up in paper—I took it out of the paper and counted it, half a sovereign, three half-crowns, two shillings, and four pence—I put it down on the counter before him—he then asked me how much the spruce was—I told him 2d.—he then said he did not want the change, that he had four halfpence, and asked for the sovereign back again—before that I had seen him moving the halfsovereign I had given him—I only saw his hand moving it—I looked at the half-sovereign, and found it was not the same I had given him—I said it was not the same, and picked it up and kept it—he asked what I meant—I said it was not the same, and I would not give him the sovereign till he gave me a good half-sovereign—he did not give me one—I took hold of him and held him by the collar till my master came—I had examined the half-sovereign I gave him before I gave it to him—it was a queen's half-sovereign, rather dull, and worn on one side more than the other—his was a queen's one, but much brighter than the one I had given him—my master had put the change ready done up in paper in the till—I bad seen him do it—he put three halfsovereigns in the till—this was one of them—I gave the half-sovereign to my master.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did your master put the change in the till? A. After ten o'clock in the morning—we had not had any customers for change—there had been customers—I took the half-sovereign out of a paper in a drawer at the back of the till—it was in a paper with the full change for a sovereign—there were four half-crowns in the paper, but I changed one to take for the spruce—I examined the half-sovereign before I gave it him because I always do so—I had not weighed it myself, my master had, but not in my presence—I saw the prisoner with something in his hand on the counter among the change, I thought directly he was changing the half-sovereign—I looked at it and saw it was not the one I had given him—I seized him and held him—I did not lose sight of him till the policeman came.





CHARLES WESTON
. I keep this house. I remember my servant calling out—I went, and found her with the prisoner in custody, in front of the bar—she gave me a half-sovereign, and said it was counterfeit, and very bad—the prisoner wished to have it again—I would not allow that—I kept it in my possession till the policeman came—I maked it and gave it to him—I had that morning placed 3l. for change in the drawer in the back of the till—there were three half-sovereigns, and the remainder in silver, wrapped in separate parcels—I examined the three half-sovereigns myself—they were good—I am certain the one produced is not one of the three—there was a stranger on the same side of the counter as the prisoner—I did not interfere with him.

Cross-examined. Q. Is this the first time you have recollected about the stranger being there? A. No—I was not asked the question before the Magistrate—I put the half-sovereigns in the paper about ten o'clock in the morning—my wife and Davis serve in the bar, but my wife was not in the bar that morning, I am certain.

COURT. Q. What did you say to the prisoner when the bar—maid said the half-sovereign was bad? A. I asked his name and address—he gave no answer—I said, "Now where is the good half-sovereign you have received of my bar—maid?"—he said, "Let me look at that one"—I said, "No, give me the good one"—he said, "If you will give me the bad one I will return you the other"—I said, "I cannot do that, if you don't give me the half-sovereign, I will send for a policeman, "which I did—after the servant had gone out some time, he said, "You need not trouble yourself, I will go and fetch a Policeman myself"—I said, "No, you need not do so"—he said, "Well,

give me the half-sovereign back"—I said, "I will not"—the policeman cane during that time, and I gave him in charge.





JAMES HANDLEY
 (policeman.) I was called to Mr. Weston's house, found the prisoner there, and received this half-sovereign from Mr. Weston, which I produce—I took the prisoner in charge—he said it was all wrong, I ought to let him go about his business—I asked where he lived—he said, "No. 18, King-street, Somers—town"—I went there and found it was quite false—he then said he lived with somebody in St. James's—street—I found that was false—I searched him—I found no money on him—I saw a man standing behind him in the public-house.

Cross-examined. Q. When you said he must come with you, did not be say, "Very well?" A. He did not at that time—he was unwilling to go, and used very abusive language—I swear he did not say, "Very well" at all—he was very unwilling to go with me—after he was taken into the parlour, when I told him the third time he was to go with me, he did say, "Very well" then.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. The half-sovereign produced is counterfeit.

cross-examined. Q. Has it been rubbed since? A. It appears so—some of the gold is scraped off—I did not see it before the Magistrate.




GUILTY
. * Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

