



672. 



WILLIAM SMITH
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering, on the 
24th of January, a forged order for the payment of 10l., with intent to defraud 




James Williams, well knowing it to have been forged.






JAMES WILLIAMS
. I keep an outfitting shop, No. 5, St. George's-place, New-road, St. George's East, and have seamen lodgers. The prisoner came to lodge with me on the 28th or 29th November, and staid eight weeks—he left on the 25th of January—I settled my account with him on the 24th of January—I knew he was going—he owed me 8l. 19s.,—he bought a blue flannel shirt and duck jacket, which came to 10s., making together 9l. 9s., and give me the order produced, in payment—I gave it to the superintendent of police at Gravesend—I gave him the balance, 11s.—this was on the 24th—I saw him on the 25th, in Ratcliff-highway, and asked why he was not on board his ship, which was the Warlock schooner, bound for Sidney—he said the vessel had gone to Gravesend, and left him behind; he was going to follow her—I went to Gravesend on the 26th, or the morning after, having suspicion of the order, and found the prisoner on board the vessel—I went on board with a warrant and a policeman—I pointed him out, and he was apprehended—I said nothing to him there—I said before the Magistrate there, that he had passed this note to me, and produced it—he said he was persuaded to do it by another person, or he would not have done it—the Magistrate then sent him to London.





WILLIAM NORTH
. I am a policeman of Gravesend. I apprehended the prisoner—I said nothing to him till we got to the station—I then read the warrant to him—I said nothing to induce him to say any thing—he said he should not have done it if he had not been persuaded by the man at the King William public-house—a man who sings there—he said that man wrote it for him, and put him up how to do it, and he gave him 1s. for doing it—I do not know where the King William is—I took the order from the prosecutor, and have kept it till to-day.





WILLIAM JONES
. I am clerk to Harris and Nichols, St. Peter's-chambers, Cornhill, who are agents for the Warlock, Captain Dixon—I know his writing well—this paper is not his writing, nor that of Harris or Nichols, or of any body who I know—(looking at another order produced by Palin)—this is a genuine order, signed by the captain.





SAMUEL PALIN
. I am a tailor and draper. On the 26th of January, the prisoner, who I did not know before, came and inquired about my next-door neighbour—I said he had left—he then asked me to cash a note for him, which I did—he gave me the note produced by the last witness.—(Note uttered to Williams read)—"Advance Note. London, 23rd January, 1842. Three days after the ship Warlock sails from Gravesend, pay William Smith, or bearer, 10l. 10s., provided the said William Smith

sails in the above vessel, bing part of his wages on the intended voyage to New South Wales. E. J. DIXON, captain. Payable at Harris and Nichols, St. Peter's Chambers, Cornhill."—The genuine note uttered to Parr was for 5l., in the same form.





JAMES WILLIAMS
. The "William Smith" at the back of this note is the prisoner's writing—I saw him do it.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

