




1321. 




CHARLES PACKER
 and 



RACHAEL SAYER
 were again indicted for

receiving, on the 
30th of September, from a certain evil-disposed person 1 gown, value 4l; and 1 shawl, value 1l.; the goods of 



Martha Howell, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH LINDOP
. I am a widow, living in Alfred-place, Islington. My family consists of my mother, Martha Howell, and myself, no one else—on we 30th of September I went out with my mother, about three o'clock—I locked up the place safe, and took the key with me—I returned about ten o'clock at night, and found the door shut, but not locked as I had left it—on going up stairs into my bed-room, I found my things disturbed, and

missed several articles of wearing apparel and jewellery—I missed a black satin dress and a shawl of my mother's, which were safe when I went out—the articles I missed are worth 20l.—this gown is worth 7l.—I know nothing of either of the prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. These are two articles out of a great number you lost? A. Yes.





HENRY PARKER
. I am a policeman. On the 14th of March I went with my brother officer to the Rum Puncheon public-house—when Sayer came in, Packer went up to her, laid hold of her hand, and said, "Rachael, my dear, don't fret," or something to that effect—nothing had been said to her at that time—I was in my police dress—Mr. Rutt, the inspector, was with me—we went up stairs to search the bed-room—Sayer led the way, and Packer followed—she took me to the back room first floor—I went in with both the prisoners, and searched the room—I found a chest of drawers there, and found this satin dress and cashmere shawl—I asked Sayer, in Packer's presence, whether the gown was hers—she said it was hers; that Packer had brought it up to her into the bed-room some few months ago, and said, "Will you purchase this gown?"—she said, "No, I don't want any thing of the kind;" it was too good for a woman in her circumstances; that he went down stairs again, and returned some short time afterwards, and said, "You had better have it, you will never have such a bargain again, you can buy it for 1l.;" that she said, "Certainly it is very cheap, if it is only to cut it up for bonnets," and she gave the money to Packer, and he took it down stairs to the party—to the best of my recollection, that was all she stated about the gown—I do not think I have omitted any thing—Packer did not say any thing—I asked Sayer whether the shawl was hers—she said it was, she had purchased it for 7s., of a woman, as I understood her, at her house—I think she said the woman's name was Clark—I think I asked who it was—I took them into custody—on the way to the station, a woman came up, and put her face under Sayer's bonnet—after she had done so, Sayer said, "That is the woman I purchased the shawl of"—the woman said, "No, I am sure you did not, you purchased it of my husband"—that was all that occurred, to the best of my recollection—
Packer said nothing to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the woman that Sayer pointed to, the person named Clark, who the inspector said had come here voluntarily? A. Yes, her husband has been convicted—I did not take Clark's wife into custody—she was not examined before the Magistrate—I told the inspector that Sayer had said she was the person that had sold to her the shawl.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did you find any property at this house besides these two articles? A. Yes, I found a napkin—the house is kept by Sayer—the name of Rachael Sayer is over the door—I found some property identified by Mrs. Sands—that is the subject of another indictment —(producing it)—I found this property in Sayer's room—I found this other property in the house—I found four plated spoons in the front room, which room Packer said was his—I did not find any other property in the house myself—the name of Mather is on the towel—there is no initial on the spoon—the inspector found a waistcoat—I found nothing else. ANTHONY RUTT. I am an inspector of police. I accompanied Parker to Sayer's house, and searched in company with Parker—I produce a waistcoat which I took off Packer's back—there was other property found

which was not identified—that property consisted of a piece of linen, two gravy-spoons, a soup-ladle, half a dozen tea spoons, two salt spoons, and one table-spoon—the letter "B" is on this spoon—they are not all marked—here is a tea-spoon marked "J. S. B,"—only one tea-spoon is marked—here is one other spoon marked—one letter is nearly obliterated—I think it is "P. T."—they are all common metal, with the exception of this one, which is German silver—here is about fifteen yards of Irish linen not made up, and two gold rings, which I found in Sayer's bed-room.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is there any mark on the linen? A. No, I judge it to be Irish from its appearance.





WILLIAM CLAY
(police-constable K 278.) I accompanied Rutt to Sayer's house—on searching I found this coat in a bed-room, which Packer said was his room—I found it where he said, on the bed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there not a good deal more property in the house? A. Yes—the house was regularly furnished—Packer told me I should find the coat on the bed—I had seen it on his back in public places—I saw the waistcoat on his back when I went into the house.





MARY MORTIMER SANDS
. I am the wife of George William Sands, and live at No. 2, Kingsmead Cottages, New North-road, Islington. On Sunday, the 15th of August last, I went out and left my house safe—I retured between eight and nine o'clock in the evening—I found the street-door ajar—I had left it fast, and had the key with me—I found my property disturbed, and the room plundered—among other things I missed this napkin now produced—it was my cousin's, and was in my possession—it was safe in my house when I went out in the afternoon, and it was gone at night.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You are here to prosecute these prisoners for receiving this napkin? A. Yes, that is the only article that has been found—I lost a great many other articles.





HENRY WATSON
. I live at No. 8, Old Montague-street, Whitechapel. On the 22nd of July last, I left my house safe at six o'clock in the morning, and when I came home at night my property was gone—this coat and waistcoat now produced both belong to me—they were safe when I went out that day, and were gone when I came back.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You lost a great many things? A. Yes, four coats, two waistcoats, a pair of top-boots, a pair of trowsers, five gold rings, and 3l. in money—I value this coat and waistcoat at 10s. in their present state—they were good when I lost them—I prosecute Packer for this coat and waistcoat on another indictment.





MARY ANN GUTTERIDOE
. I am the wife of James Gutteridge, of No. 49, Allerton-street, Hoxton New Town. On the 30th of June last I went out—I saw my husband lock the door, and I took the key with me—I returned about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, found the door open, and property gone—among the property lost was some spoons—these now produced are our spoons. (James Jury, wine-cooper, No. 53, London Wall; Thomas Ventom, auctioneer, Angel-court, Throgmorton-street; Charles—, butcher, Long-alley; Thomas Hall, gentleman, Eliza-terrace, Kingsland-road; James
Holmes, cabinet-maker, Rose and Crown-court; Richard Malpas, smith,
No. 128, Long-alley; William Howard, grocer and cheesemonger, Rose

and Crown-court; John Boyne, brewer, Long-alley;—Braynan clothier and bedding manufacturer, Long-alley; and George Miller, baker, No. 18, Long-alley; deposed to Packer's good character.)

PACKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SAYER—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There were three other indictments against Packer.)
