



2423. 




GEORGE SAUNDERS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of December, 1 watch, value 4l. 10s., the goods of 



Amy Steer; and I watch-key, value 5s., the goods of 



John Hill.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






AMY STEER
. I am the daughter of Mr. Steer, of Britannia-street, City-road. I lived at Mr. Wood's, in Windsor-terrace—I got acquainted with the prisoner when I was at my sister's house—he visited there, and then he became a lodger—he paid his addresses to me, and I consented to marry him—on the 31st of December I left my watch on the mantel-piece in the sitting-room—the prisoner came in, and when he went out I missed my watch—I followed him, and asked him about it—he said he would return it when he came home—when he came back I saw him, and asked him about it—he said he would give it me, but he had put it in the cupboard in his bed-room—I was surprised at not getting it, and in a few days I asked him again—he said it was in the cupboard, and he would give it me—it was worth about 4l. 10s.—it had a ribbon to it, and a key, which was my brother-in-law's—some time after, the prisoner went away into the country—I never got my watch—I never gave him authority to take it, or to pawn it, or to sell it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. This was on the last day of the

old year, did he not come back, and you spent the evening together, spending the old year out and the new one in? A. Yes—I saw him frequently after that, and it was after that that the banns of marriage were put up—they were published on the 3rd, the 10th, and the 17th, of January—I was twenty-five years old last October—the prisoner paid for publishing the banns—I do not know how long after it was that he went to Liver-pool—he went away, and I did not know he was gone—I received one letter from him, with a town post-mark, on the 1st of March—I do not know whether I would have become his wife after he came back from Liverpool—I was very angry with him.





WILLIAM SANDERS
 (police-constable N 170.) I took the prisoner in August, at the Duchess of Oldenburg public-house—I told him I took him for stealing a watch and key of Miss Steer—he said he knew nothing about it.
(Richard Allen, a baker, in Great Warner-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

