



3004. 




BONNIER KAIM
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of August, 2 rings, value 23l.; and 1 breast-pin, value 5l.; the goods of 



Charlotte Matilda Johnson, in her dwelling-house.


MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLOTTE MATILDA JOHNSON
. I am a widow, living in Palace-place. Great Scotland-yard, in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields—it is my dwelling-house—I let my first-floor. On the 30th of August the prisoner came and looked at the apartments, approved of them, and said he would bring a friend to see them—he called next day, and we told him the rent was 20l. a month—he did not object to it—I asked him for his card—he apologised

for not having his card-case that day, but pulled out a bill of Exchange, which he said was for 450l., which he wished to get cashed by Lord Forrester—he gave me the name of Baron Amill Kollor, attache to the embassy of Prince Esterhazy—he called next day, and on my entering the drawingroom I found him examining my liqueur-case—he rose, and said he should feel great confidence in taking my apartments, as he had seen Lord Forrester, who he understood had known my husband—he admired my liqueur-case very much—I said I had been trying to dispose of it—he said he should like to become the purchaser, and asked the price—I said, "20l."—he said he should not object to give me a cheque for the liqueur-case, and also pay me one month in advance, on getting this bill cashed by Lord Forrester—upon going into the parlour, it happened that my jewel-case was there—he took up two diamond rings and a pin, and said, "You have something very beautiful here, I suppose you would not be disposed to part with these?"—I said, "Not both the rings, but I should not object to part with one, and also the pin"—he said, would I allow him to shew them to Lord Forrester—I allowed him to do so—at that time nothing had been said about the price, or buying them—he said he should return at seven o'clock with Lord Forrester, who would satisfy me as to the reference, and be would pay the rent in advance, and also for the liqueur-case, when his lordship had cashed this bill—he returned at seven o'clock alone, and said his lordship was not able to come, but he returned supposing I might be uneasy, as I had trusted the pin and rings in his charge—he seemed confused, and wished to know if I would go as far as the Wyndham Club House with him, as his lordship was dining there, and as he had promised to cash the bill, I should have the price of my liqueur-case and the 20l. in advance—I said I should most certainly wish to have my rings returned—I took the prisoner to be a gentleman—I went as far as the door of the club-house, in St. James's-square, with him—I did not see him go in—it is very easy to whip round the corner into the other street—I waited nearly two hours—he did not return—I made enquiries and went home—the next day I saw the real Baron—he was nothing like the prisoner—I gave information—I went somewhere down by Westminster—these are my rings and pin—they are worth from 27l. to 30l.—I never sold or parted with them to him, on any condition.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. HOW long have you been a widow? A. Not above a year and a half—my theatrical name is Leslie—my real name was Rogers before I was married—I have not gone by any other theatrical name—I get my living by attending the theatre—the first time I saw the prisoner was when he came to look at my apartments—I did not meet him in the street—I never saw him in Waterloo-place or Regent-street, or any other place, before he came to my house—I had not a boy in my service when the prisoner called on me—I had been my own servant open the door to the prisoner—I did myself—did not talk to the prisoner about the Italian Opera—I never told him I performed in the chorus there, nor that I wore a particular pink gown—I wear a pink gown—I have worn all sorts of colours—I did not ask if he had observed me in a gentleman's cab in Hyde Park—I have been in a gentleman's cab in Hyde Park—the gentleman was paying his addresses to me—I have ridden perhaps four times in a cab with him this last summer—I

did not have tea with the prisoner—he never had a cup of tea with me, unless he helped himself while I put my bonnet on—the tea things were on the table on one occasion—I never had any meal with him—I never engaged a female servant while he was there—I have hired one since—I did not mention any nobleman's name, that I know of, as a person who visited me—I have got some blue curtains, which were given to me by a nobleman—I did not tell him I had a gift of 20l, from the nobleman, or that he had furnished my house—I said nothing about an elderly gentleman coming to see me—I do not recollect an elderly gentleman calling while the prisoner was there—a locksmith came to open a wardrobe—I did not appoint to meet the prisoner in St. James's Park—the liqueur-case was not taken away—the last day I saw the prisoner was on the Thursday and I went to the Police Court on Saturday—my husband knew Lord Forrester—I decline stating where I was married—I never said any thing to the prisoner about his having the rings for a month, and there was no sum of money mentioned.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was there the least proposal of love between you and the prisoner? A. No.





STEPHEN THORNTON
 (police-constable A 26.) In consequence of information, I apprehended the prisoner at the end of Bond-street, in Oxford-street, on the 13th of September, and found a quantity of things on him—I took this pin out of his stock, and in his pocket-book I found in quantity of duplicates, and one relating to some rings.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you first hear of this matter? A. Four or five days before I took him—I called on Mrs. Johnson.





JAMES ATTENBOROUGH
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce two rings pawned with me on the 6th of September, by Antonaroli, for 10l.
Louis ANTONAROLI (by an Interpreter.) The prisoner gave me these rings to pawn—I cannot tell the day or the month, but it was about a month and a half ago—I pawned them for 10l. at Attenborough's—I gave the money to the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY of Stealing only. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Sixth Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.

