



1075. 




FREDERICK DIBDIN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 work-box, value 8s; 2 ear-rings, 10s; 3 brooches, 1l; 1 smelling-bottle, 2s; 2 halfsovereigns, 4 half-crowns, and 10s, the property of 



Harriet Prior; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HARRIET PRIOR
. I am single—I am servant to Mr. William Bath—he is president of the Money-order office, in the General Post-office—the prisoner was errand boy in his service. On the 19th March, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I came down stairs, and missed my box off the table—it contained two half-sovereigns, a pair of ear-rings, and the other named—the prisoner was then gone, and he never returned—I have not seen the box since—he went away without notice and without his wages.






CATHERINE WEBSTER
. I am the wife of Robert Webster—we live at No, 4, Cottage-place, Jolly Gardener's-yard, Lambeth—the prisoner's mother lodges at that house—the prisoner did not come home on the night the box was missed, he generally has come home since he has been in Mr. Bath's service—he came home at half-past seven o'clock the next morning—on the Sunday following I told him that the cook had been to our house for the papers, and would he give them to her—he said he would—I said, "Will you?"—he said be would, four times, I said, "How will you sent them?"—he said, "In a letter to-mor-row"—I saw him on the Monday, and asked him if the papers were gone—he said, "Yes."





HARRIET PRIOR

re-examined. Q. What were the papers that were in your box? A. Papers to get money—they could be of no use to the prisoner.





WILLIAM ATLEE
 (police-constable L 110.) I took the prisoner—I said I wanted him for stealing a box from Chester-place—he said he knew nothing about it.

Prisoner When I left to go home, the prosecutrix's sister lighted me outside the gate, and saw I had nothing with me.





SUSAN PRIOR
. I let him out, but he had gone out a few minutes before on an errand, and returned back again.





THOMAS BENT
 (police-constable V 95.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this court—(read—Convicted 18th August, 1845, and confined one year)—the prisoner is the person—he had several times been in custody before that.




GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

