



2056. 




WILLIAM DEAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of July, 1 watch, value 29s.; 2 seals, value 36s.; 1 chain, value 1s.; and 1 ring, value 6s.; the goods of 



James Bamfield.






JAMES BAMFIELD
. I live in Upper Park-place, Dorset-square, and am a pensioner. About half-past one o'clock on the 22nd of July, my watch hung over my mantel-piece—I missed it at half-past five—my parlour-door was open—I do not know the prisoner—the watch, chain, and seals produced are mine.





JOHN FOX
. I keep a beer-shop in Middlesex-street, Somers'-town. About twenty minutes after four o'clock, on the 22nd of July, the prisoner called at my house to inquire if there was a tap-room—he was told not—he went away, and soon after two other persons called in, and one of them let in the prisoner—I heard somebody going up stairs—the other two were going to run away when I came from my parlour to see what was the matter—I seized them—my wife went and found the prisoner on the stairs—I seized him and gave him in charge—I saw the policeman take this watch

from his breeches pocket, and asked if it was mine—I said no—the prisoner said it was his own—he did not tell me how long he had had it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Was there not plenty of time for the others to give him the watch? A. They might—I asked what he did there—he said he was taken ill, and wanted to go backward—the other two were waiting in front of the bar—the prisoner had the watch in his hand when I first saw him—he took something from his pocket—I did not see what it was—he was holding it out—after he was taken up he wished to go to the water-closet.





WILLIAM ELMER
 (police-constable S 187.) About seven o'clock this evening I was called into Fox's to take the prisoner for going up stairs, and understood he was trying to pass something to another man—I searched him, and found the watch in his trowsers'-pocket—he said he had bought it—I asked where—he said he could not tell, he should know the man again if he saw him—I searched him at the station, and found the gold chain, seals, ring, and key, twisted round his braces, separate from the watch—the swivel is off the watch.

Cross-examined. Q. Who did you take first? A. The prisoner—next morning, going to the station, he said he had given a man in Oxford-street another watch for it—the other two men were proved to be convicted thieves.





JOHN EVANS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, by the name of Joyce, on the 17th of June—(read)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
