




161. 




JOHN GIBBS



, stealing 1 gelding, value 15l. and 1 mare, 15l. the goods of 



John Harvey.






JOHN ACHELOR.
 I am a horse-slaughterer. On 13th Nov. the prisoner brought me a grey mare, and a grey gelding to be slaughtered—I asked where he brought them from—he said from Hillingdon, near Uxbridge, and that they belonged to a gentleman named Mills—they did not appear fit to be slaughtered, they were in very fair condition, as if they had been turned out—I noticed that to him, and he said a man named John Williams had given them to him to bring; that they had been knocking a gentleman's carriage to pieces, and he had sent them up to be slaughtered—I said it was very strange the coachman did not come with them and have them dispatched, if that was his master's wish—he said he wanted to go other business—I asked if he could refer to any respectable person that knew him—he said, "No"—I said, "Then I cannot buy the horses"—he said he would take them away—I said, "No, you shall not; you have tried to get me into a deal of trouble, and I shall give you in charge"—I did so, and kept the gelding and mare at my stables—they were owned on the Saturday.

Prisoner. I said the coachman brought them to me, and asked me to take them down to you. Witness. You said the coachman had given them to you at Kilburn, and that he had been with Mr. Mills for twenty-five years—no one came to me on the Thursday or Friday to say that any one was coming to bring the horses—I saw no one till you came with them.





GEORGE ROGERS
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner into custody.





WILLIAM TAYLOR.
 I am in the employ of Mr. Harvey, a cab-proprietor, in Gordon-square. On Friday evening, about half-past five o'clock, I left a grey gelding and grey mare, the property of Mr. Harvey, in a field near Harston-green, close alongside the turnpike-road—there were five horses in the field—I went again next morning at a little past six o'clock, and missed the grey gelding and mare—the gate was taken off on the hinge side; the other side was locked, the same as I had left it—I afterwards saw the same horses at Mr. Achelor's stables.

Prisoner. Q. At what part is this field? A. Against Kensal Green-road, or Harrow-road, in Wilsden parish.





JOHN HARVEY.
 I am a cab-proprietor. I have seen a grey gelding and grey mare at Mr. Achelor's stables—I swear they are my property—they were placed in the field by the Harrow-road, to rest.

Prisoner's Defence. I met a man named Williams, who I had known for many years at Uxbridge, and he asked me to take the horses to Mr. Achelor's, saying they had knocked his master's carriage to pieces, and his master was going to sell them; I was not the least aware of their being stolen; he asked me to lend him a pair of gaiters and shoes, which I did, and he said he should be up on Friday; he said he lived with a gentleman named Mills, or Myers, at Hillingdon; I am a stranger in London.




GUILTY. Aged 60.—


Transported for Seven Years.

