



1471. 




WILLIAM CROUCH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of May, 1 jacket, value 10s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 18d.;3 neckerchifs value 2s.; 3 shirts, value 5s.; 2 pairs of boots, value 10s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 7s.; and 1 coat, value 4s.; the goods of 



Marcus Hale; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARCUS HALE
. I live in Union-place, New-road. On Sunday, the 2nd of May, I went out, and took my key with me—I returned at a quarter past eleven o'clock—I got in by a latch-key, which I had with me—I found my parlour-door open, and missed a pair of boots from the shop-window, and from the parlour a silk handkerchief, an old pair of Welling-ton boots, and other things—I examined my apprentice's box, and found all his clothes were gone, as well as himself—I have never teen him since—I had left him in charge of the house—on the Thursday after I saw the prisoner in Paradise-street, at the corner of Gravel-passage, leading to Marylebone Police-office—he had on a pair of trowsers and boots belonging to me—I questioned him—he said he had bought them of a Jew in Holborn for 6s.—I had never seen the prisoner near my premises—I do not know what has become of the apprentice—I have made every inquiry, but cannot find him any where—the things the prisoner had on were part of the apprentice's apparel which I had given him to wear—I have not found any of my own things but the boots—the apprentice was transferred from Mr. Sparkes, of Guildford-street, to me—I have made inquiry there, but can ascertain nothing about him.





JOHN STANLEY
 (police-constable D 48.) The prisoner was brought to me by the prosecutor—he said he knew nothing of the apprentice, that he bought the clothes of a Jew, at the corner of Hatton-garden, and gave him 6s. for the lot.





CAROLINE MINELL
. I am the apprentice's sister—the prisoner came to me on Wednesday, the 5th of May, and asked me to give him some money for my brother, for he was in the station—I gave him 1s.—he represented himself to be the young master, and that he wanted to get my brother out—he said he had got-in through a piece of work, that he got in on Monday night—he came again, and asked if I would give him 18d. more,

to make up 6s.—I gave him half-a-crown, to get my brother out of prison—he said he was then going to take him off to his father's.





JOHN NOWERS
, I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)— was a witness on the trial—he is the person there described.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
