




577. 




WILLIAM GIBBS, alias


SMITH

, and 




THOMAS CULLINAN



, stealing 1 box, value 6d.; 2 half-crowns; 8 shillings; 4 sixpences; and 12 halfpence; the property of 



James Taylor; having both been before convicted; to which


GIBBS pleaded



GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.






ANN PRISCILLA TAYLOR
. I am the wife of James Taylor, and live in Baker-street, Enfield. On Saturday, 1st Jan., About six o'clock, I was in-doors—I had seen the two prisoners, about two hours before, going up the street together—I shut the door, and went into the parlour—the boy, Street,

came, and asked me if I had lost anything—I went into the shop, and found the till on the floor, and all the money gone, except a few halfpence—there had been about fifteen shillings in it, in half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences—I had seen the till safe about three minutes before.





THOMAS STREET
. I am a chimney-sweeper, and live near Mr. Taylor. On 1st Jan., about five o'clock, I saw the two prisoners a short distance from Mr. Taylor's—I passed them, and went in doors—I afterwards came out, and went to Mr. Taylor's shop-window—I then saw Gibbs come, on his hands and toes, from round by the till—Cullinan was a short distance from the shop—I said to Gibbs, "Halloa!" and he made the same answer—I ran after him, and asked him to stop; he would not—I came back, and as I put my foot on the step of Mr. Taylor's door, Cullinan ran by, and said, "You b—b—, I will give you something;" and he directly ran away in the same direction as Gibbs—I gave information to Mr. Taylor and the police-sergeant, and went and called my brother out—I took Gibbs, and gave him in charge to my brother—the officer took Cullinan.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. How far was Cullinan from the shop when you saw Gibbs come out? A. Five yards—he was not looking in at ant shop—I could see him by the lamp of the window—I was inside the shop when I saw Gibbs; he ran out, and I after him—I had seen Cullinan before, in the afternoon, and took notice of him—he was standing still, by the shopdoor, when he made the remark to me; he did not run against me, or stumble.





JOHN STREET
. My brother called me out—I saw Gibbs put his hand into his side-pocket and drop a half-crown.





GEORGE LANGTON
 (policeman, N 265.) I took Cullinan on 2nd Jan., in the afternoon, searched him at the Police-station, and found fivepence halfpenny—one halfpennny is rather remarkable—I produce it.





ANN PRISCILLA TAYLOR
 (re-examined.) I believe this to be the halfpenny that was in my till—I would not swear to it, but it is just like it.





WILLIAM M'DONALD
 (policeman, G 24.) I produce a certificate—(read—Thomas Cullinan convicted Nov. 1845, having been before convicted; confined nine months)—he is the man.

CULLINAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

