






1164. 




REUBEN WILSON,



 HENRY FIELD,



 THOMAS NOKES
, and 




JOHN SLOWMAN
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Benjamin Attfield, about five in the night of the 
24th of March, at 
St. Marylebone, with intent to steal; and that Wilson and Field had been before convicted of felony.






BENJAMIN ATTFIELD
. I keep a shop at No. 50, Lisson-grove. On the morning of the 25th of March, between five and six o'clock, I was disturbed and went down stairs—my shop is part of my dwelling-house, and is the lower floor of it—I found the shop door standing open, and part of the shop called the shutter-box, which is the wood-work underneath the window, was broken open—a hole was broken in it quite sufficient to admit the body of a man—I examined the shop; the till was locked; it had not been forced open, but I saw marks of an attempt to force it—a box of paste blacking had been removed from the place I had left it, and placed on a bag of split peas—I did not find that any thing had been taken away.





JOHN BENJAMIN ATTFIELD
. I am the prosecutor's son. On the night of the 24th of March I was the last up in the shop—I locked and bolted the door—the shutter-box was fast with a bolt and nails—it had been nailed up for three or four years—it was not broken when I left the shop at ten o'clock.





LAWRENCE ANDERSON
 (police-constable D 35.) On the 25th of March I was on duty in Lisson-grove—I passed within a very short distance of Mr. Attfield's shop, about twenty minutes past five o'clock, and saw the prisoner Nokes against the door—I cannot say whether the door was then shut—I did not go up to it—he came a short distance back, to the next house, and want up, Duke-street, which is within one bouse of Mr. Attfield's shop—he came towards me to do that—I went along Devonshire-street, which is below Duke-street, towards the New-road, further from Mr. Attfield's shop—when I got to the corner of Exeter-street and Duke-street, I saw Nokes and Slowman at the corner of No. 51, Lisson-grove, which is in Duke-street, against the back wall—that is about ten yards from Mr. Attfield's house—I went back into Lisson-grove, got within sight of Mr. Attfield's shop, and saw Nokes and Slowman against the door, and Field against the end of the railing—there is a rail comes out from Mr. Attfield's door to the footway—there is no area—I saw Nokes and Slowman cross over to the opposite side of the way—Field still stood against the shop—Nokes and Slowman put something between the gate of No. 31, Lisson-grove, on the opposite side of the way, and then went up a place called Rock-passage—they stood there two or three minutes—I was watching them—I rather suspected they were watching me, and I again went back into Exeter-street, to see for another constable—previous to this I had

spoken to a person to send a constable to me—I met with Thornton, No. 109, and told him to go along Duke-street—I went up Exeter-street, into Earl-street, which is about thirty yards from Mr. Attfield's shop—I then saw Nokes and Slowman coming towards me—as soon as they saw me they turned back again, and went up Lisson-grove, towards the Nightingale—I followed them—seeing another constable on the opposite side, I beckoned for him to stop them, which he did—I asked what they did there—they said they were going home—I said, "You cannot go home, you must go with me; I think you have been doing something down here"—I and the constable took them to the station, when we saw Thornton with the other two prisoners—Wilson and Field's backs were very white, and there was some white on Wilson's cap, as though he had been rubbing against some whitening on a wall—I went back to Mr. Attfield's, and found the door of the shutter-box had been broken open—I went on to the opposite side of the way, where I had seen them go, and there found in the gate this bar of iron, which corresponds with the mark on the shutter-box, and on the till, and the bottom of the counter—in Duke-street, where I had previously seen them, I found this piece of wood, which is the skirting-board of the bottom of the door of No. 51—the door had been split.

Wilson. They never inquired whether the iron belonged to the house or not. Witness. I inquired at several houses, and of a girl in the yard of that house.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
 (police-constable D 129.) On the morning of the 25th of March I was on duty in Lisson-grove—I saw Wilson and Field, about four o'clock, at the corner of Duke-street, coming out of Devonshire-street, going up Lisson-grove, in the direction of Mr. Attfield's house, and about thirty yards from it.





GEORGE THORNTON
 (police-constable D 109.) On the morning of the 25th of March I was on duty near Lisson-grove—in the course of the morning I received instructions from Anderson; in consequence of which, I went along Duke-street, into Lisson-grove—just as I got to the corner of Duke-street, in Lisson-grove, I saw Field and Wilson come from the door of the prosecutor's shop—they were just outside the door—I could not tell whether they had been in—they walked towards me, and met me—I said, "Halloo, what do you do out this time in the morning?"—they both answered they were out for a lark—I observed that their backs, and Wilson's cap, were covered with marks of whitening—I then saw Anderson bring the other two down Lisson-grove—I searched them, but found nothing on them—I told them they must stop a bit—we then took them to the station—I went back afterwards, and found Mr. Attfield's place had been broken into—I looked over the wall in Duke-street, where Anderson said he had seen two of the prisoners standing, and saw this piece of skirting-board—Mr. Attfield had been knocked up previously.





CHARLES GREENWOOD
. I am a lamplighter. I was in the neighbourhood of Mr. Attfield's shop, a little after five o'clock on the morning of the 25th of March, putting the lights out—I saw the four prisoners at the corner of Duke-street, standing at a lamp-post all together—I went down Duke-street, into Exeter-street, back again, and into Devonshire-mews—I came out again into Duke-street, and saw two of the prisoners, Slowman and Field, on the top of a little wall that looks over into Mr. Attfield's yard—I have a lamp against that wall—I went up, put it out, and went into Lisson-grove, out of Duke-street—I put out the three lights in Lisson-grove, then crossed the road, and went down a little turning directly opposite Mr. Attfield's premises—I have three lights down there—it took me some time to put them

out, as they are some way back—when I came back again into the grove, I saw Nokes standing against the shop-door, and Slowman about a yard or rather better from him, on the step of the shop-door, and I missed Field and Wilson—I directly crossed over the road to the lamp opposite Mr. Attfield's shop—there was an iron plate, where they shoot the coals down into the cellar, underneath the lamp-post—I pushed the ladder on the iron plate—it made a report—in the mean time Nokes and Slowman walked away from the shop-door—I went up the ladder—while turning the lamp out, Field crawled out of the shutter-box, next to the shop-door of Mr. Attfield—when he saw me up the ladder, he bobbed himself back again, and drew himself in—I came down the ladder, looked about, and did not see a policeman there, but I went on and put out two more lamps—I met Anderson, and told him what I had seen.

MR. ATTFIELD
re-examined. There was a heap of balls of whitening in my shop, immediately behind the till, in a recess—they appeared very much rubbed in the morning.

Wilson's Defence. About half-part five o'clock I came out of doors, and coming down Lisson-grove a policeman stopped me, as I was playing along with Field; he said, "You must stop a bit; I want you, I think." We staid with him; he brought the other two down to us, and took us to the station; the station-wall is whitened, I was sitting down on the form, and I suppose the whitening came off on my back.

Slowman's Defence. On Saturday morning, the 25th of March, I was going along Lisson-grove; the policeman stopped me, and asked where I was going; I said, "To look for a job;" he said he wanted me; he took me and Nokes to the station, went away for an hour and a half, and said we had been breaking into the shop.

Nokes's Defence. I was going out to work on Saturday morning, sweeping; the constable said I must go with him; I said, "What for?" he said, he thought I had been up to no good—I went with him, and stopped at the station an hour and a half.





THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
 (police-constable D 4.) I produce two certificates of the former convictions of Wilson and Field—(read)—I was present at their trials, and know them to be the parties—I have apprehended them twice since then—this is the third or fourth time Wilson has been here.

WILSON**,—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.

FIELD**,—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

NOKES*,—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

SLOWMAN*,—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.







Transported for Fourteen Years.

