



388. 




JEREMIAH REGAN, alias
 George Yatt

, was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit crown-piece to 



James Moore; he having been before convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce an examined copy of the record of conviction—I have compared it with the original in Mr. Clark's office—it is a true copy—(read.)

JOHN SERGEANT (police-constable E 65.) I know the prisoner—I was present, in April, 1842, when he was tried and convicted of uttering a counterfeit shilling and half-crown—I am positive he is the person described in that record.





JAMES MOORE
. I am a blacksmith, and live in Buckinghamshire. On the 21st of Dec. I was in Covent-garden market, with holly to sell—the prisoner came and asked the price of it—I had never seen him before—I told him 1s.

a bundle—he gave me a shilling, and went away with the bundle—I bit the shilling directly he was gone, and found it was bad—I put it into my pocket, in a bit of paper—I had no other money in that pocket—next morning the prisoner came again and asked me the price of holly—I told him 6d. a bundle—he offered me a bad 5s. piece—I had it in my hand, and said, "Old man, you are not going to do me the same as you done me yesterday morning"—he said, "Did you see me yesterday morning?"—I said, "Yes, and I will swear to you; you gave me a bad shilling yesterday morning, and now this is a bad 5s. piece"—he said, "If you don't like my money give it me again; I will change it, and come and pay you for your holly"—he took the 5s. piece out of my hand, and went away—a person who stood by went and told the beadle, who directly went after him down to the lower part of the market, called me, and I went with him—I had lost sight of him, round the pillars, for a minute or two—it was not above five minutes before he was taken—I had marked the crown-piece with my teeth, before he had it back, enough to know it again—I gave the shilling to Richard Moore.

Prisoner. Q. Was it not between nine o'clock and a quarter past that I tendered this piece? 
A. I should think between nine and ten, I cannot say particularly—it might be as late as half-past ten when the charge was made at the station-house—it was not twelve—at the station I pulled out a counterfeit shilling, wrapped up in a piece of paper—there was no others with it—the inspector asked me how I knew it was the same shilling, in taking it out with those three—I had two other bad shillings wrapped up in another piece of paper in my left hand pocket—I had taken them in the market, I do not know who of—the other one was in my right pocket—I took them all three on the Thursday—when I took the first two I put them into my pocket along with other shillings, not knowing they were bad—I did not put the shilling I took from you into the same pocket—I had it in my mouth, and when I found it was bad, I searched, and found I had two more among my other money—I put those two into a bit of paper, and the other in another bit—I did not bite the other two—I gave them all to the beadle at the station, still wrapped up—they were shown to several at the station—they were taken out of the papers, and the inspector asked me how I knew the one out of those three.





RICHARD MOORE
. I am beadle of Covent-garden market. I was on duty there on Friday morning, the 22nd Dec.—the prisoner was pointed out to me by James Moore—as soon as he saw me he ran between two carts, and I saw him put something to his mouth—Johnson, another beadle, first took him, in my presence—when I came up he had hold of him by the collar—I then saw him pitch something from him—we struggled, and all three fell on the ground together—he was then secured, and taken away—I have a shilling which I received from Moore at the station—it was wrapped up in this piece of paper—he gave me two other shillings as well, in another piece of paper—this was distinct from them—he took them all from one pocket—at the station I asked him if he could identify either—he said, "Yes; the one that is wrapped up in the piece of paper by itself, I bent it, and marked it with my teeth"—that was in the prisoner's hearing—I have kept it apart from all other coin since.

Prisoner. Q. Which pocket did the prosecutor draw the money from? A. The right hand breeches pocket—to the best of my knowledge, he drew the three coins from one pocket—when we saw you fling something from you we did not pick it up, because you threw us down—it was thrown among a bundle of holly.





CHARLES NYE
. I am a salesman in Covent-garden market. I was present on this Friday, and saw Johnson scuffling with the prisoner—they fell down—Johnson picked the prisoner up—Moore was also in the scuffle—I afterwards picked up a crown-piece immediately under where the prisoner lay—I took it to Bow-street, and gave it to Johnson.

Prisoner. Q. Why did not you follow us down to the station with it? A. I did, but was not admitted—I asked to see Mr. Johnson—you were lying

on the stones, close by some holly—I took the crown-piece off the holly—it was close to where you lay—I did not put it into anybody's hands before Johnson received it.





FREDERICK JOHN JOHNSON
. I am beadle of Covent-garden market. On Friday morning, the 22nd of Dec., the prisoner was pointed out to me by Moore and a man named Bird—he had something rubbing in his hand—I went towards him—he went between two carts standing close by, at a hurried pace—I was close behind him—he put his hand to his mouth—I seized hold of him by the back of his neck, and he then with his right hand pitched something from him—we had a terrible scuffle—when on the ground, I put my hand to his throat, and felt some hard substance pass my finger and thumb, down his throat—ha swallowed it—he said, "What do you want?"—I said, "What you have got in your mouth"—he said, "It is gone, what can you do now?"—I had a further struggle with him—he seized my left hand, put it into his mouth, and bit my middle finger very severely—with a good deal of difficulty I got my hand out of his mouth—we got assistance, and got him to the station—he was searched, and four shillings, and 5d. in copper, was found on him, in good money, and a bit of chalk, which I have here—there is a blueish colour on one of the flat surfaces—it is broken in two pieces now—it was all in one when I had it first—it is as I took it from him, except what the paper has rubbed off—I have seen the effect of rubbing metal on chalk—I produce a crown-piece which I received from Nye.

Prisoner. Q. When I ran between the carts, you saw me throw something from my right hand? A. When I caught hold of you by the back of your neck—I did not pick it up, because I thought securing you was the most necessary thing—I will not pretend to say what you threw away.





JAMES MOORE

re-examined. This is the shilling the prisoner gave me—I find a mark here that I made on it—this shilling and the other two bad ones had been in the same pocket, in paper, but I wrapped this in a piece of paper by itself, and the other two in another piece—they were together in the two papers—I swear to the mark on this shilling—I made it when I took it—this is the crown the prisoner gave me—(looking at it)—I know it again by a small mark—the larger mark was made at the station—I think here is a small mark—I bit the one the prisoner offered me, and there is a similar mark here—I know it is the crown the prisoner offered me by this mark I made on the edge with my teeth when I took it—(showing it)—I also looked at it attentively at the time, and am sure it was a bad one.

Prisoner. I should like to see him bite it again—(the witness did so.)





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint—this crown and shilling are both counterfeit.

Prisoner's Defence. I did tender a crown-piece to Moore, but it was not a bad one; for I immediately went to the White Horse, nearly opposite where he was standing, and had some gin and beer, and had the remainder of the change in my pocket when I was taken, I know nothing about the shilling, I was not in the market at the time. It is very strange the crown should pass through the Magistrate's hands at Bow-street, and he not see the marks, and that he should ask the witness why he did not mark the piece before he gave me into custody, and that when I came up on the Wednesday following it should be cut, and marked as you now see it; he says I was not more than five minutes out of his sight; whereas he owns it was about half-past nine or ten o'clock that I tendered the crown to him; and he cannot say whether it was not as late as twelve when we got to the station. If any other person was standing at this bar, he would as soon swear to him as me.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

