



808. 




WILLIAM YOUNG
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th March, at 
St. Helen's, 1 watch, value 7l.; 1 watch-chain, 4l.; 2 seals, 2l.; 8 rings, 17l.; and a guard-chain, 10s.; the goods of 



George De Bosco Attwood, in his dwelling-house: and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN DAW
. I am nursery servant in the house of Mr. Attwood, who is Secretary to the Bank of British North America—the business is carried on in the house, No. 7, St. Helen'-place, Bishopsgate. On Tuesday, 11th March, I and Caroline Bastow were out with the children—we returned to St. Helen's as the chimes went a quarter past four—on reaching the second

flight of stairs I met the prisoner—I am certain he is the man—as I was turning the banister of the first flight from the hall—he turned the banister from the second floor, facing us—we were coming up very gently, and all at once I heard his footsteps—it surprised me—I looked up very hard at him—he never stopped or spoke, but passed right down by my side—he was dressed in a brownish taglioni coat, trimmed with velvet, and speckled trowsers—that I particularly remarked—on reaching the third floor I found my mistress was out—I immediately went to the housemaid, Jane Pannel, and gave her directions about the rooms up stairs, and she went up—on the Tuesday following I went to the Guildhall justice-room, and was shown two persons in charge—neither of those was the man I had seen, but as I came out from the court I passed through the outer room, and as I was shutting the door after me I saw the prisoner standing—I knew him instantly—he was not dressed as he had been when I saw him coming down the stairs—I had described to the officer the dress the man wore—after the prisoner was in custody the officer produced to me in the court a brown Taglioni coat and speckled trowsers—I knew them directly—I noticed his features as well as his clothes.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You described his features to the officer, I dare say? A. Yes, I told him he was neither dark nor fair, and had rather darkish hair—I do not know that I described his features—I said he was a thin man, and slightly made—I described the trowsers to be speckled, black and white mixed—the door of my master's house is always open for the bank, and there is a public staircase—it was on that stair-case I met the prisoner—Bastow saw him—I went to Guildhall, as the policeman told me he had a man dressed very much as I had described—I and Caroline Bastow have not talked over the dress, features, or appearance of the man—I never described what sort of man he was—we have talked about it, being very uneasy at the thing happening—I recognised him first—I did not call Bastow's attention to him—she was not with me—it was after I recognised him that she saw him—it was some days after he had been taken in charge—he was standing in the court—I noticed the chimes because my mistress is particular when we go in.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is the bank carried on on the ground floor? A. Yes, in the hall—no person who had anything to do with the bank had any business up the second flight of stairs.





CAROLINE BASTOW
. I am a nursery-maid in Mr. Attwood's family—I was with Ann Daw on the afternoon of 11th March—we came home at a quarter past four, and went up stairs—Daw went first—I saw the prisoner coming down as we went up—I am sure he is the man—he had on a light Taglioni coat and speckled trowsers—I looked at his face—I saw him again on the Saturday week at Guildhall—that was after Daw had seen him—I knew him again—he was not dressed as he had been before—I had not given any description of his dress to the officer, nor heard Daw do so—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you described his features or appearance to anybody? A. No—I did not think I should know the man until I saw him in Court—Daw had not told me what he was like—she had never named him to me, or talked to me at all about the prisoner—we never exchanged a word about him from the time it happened till I saw him—I expected to see him at Guildhall—I went on purpose to see if I could recognise him among the other prisoners in the cell—I did not go into the

cell—I saw him as he was going to be taken to the bar—I noticed his trowsers—they were speckled, mixed—I noticed them particularly—I never mentioned to anybody that I noticed them, only to my mistress—I gave no description of his face to my mistress, merely of his trowsers—I heard the chimes.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You did not think you should be able to recognise him? A. No, but the instant I saw him I knew him.

COURT. Q. You say you never talked to Daw about the prisoner, did you talk to her about the transaction? A. Yes.





JANE PANNELL
. I am house-maid to Mr. Attwood. On Tuesday Daw told me what she had seen—I went up to my mistress's bed-room, and found the door open—I shut and locked it, and put the key under the mat—I kept it there till my mistress came home—I then unlocked the door for her.





MARY ATTWOOD
. I am the wife of George De Bosco Attwdod, secretary of the Bank of British North America—the business is carried on on the ground-floor of No. 7, Great St. Helen's, and we occupy as our do-mestic establishment the upper part of the house. On Tuesday, the 11th of March, a little after four o'clock, I accompanied my husband on his way to the railway-station—my children had gone out for a walk with the nursery-maids—I returned about seven o'clock in the evening—Pannell opened my bed-room door for me—I went in, and missed my gold watch, chain, seals, and rings, from my drawer, they were above the value of 5l.—I have never recovered my property.





GEORGE DE BOSCO ATTWOOD
. I dwell with my wife and family, at No. 7, Great St. Helen's—it is in the parish of St. Helen's.





JOSEPH HEDDINGTON
 (City police-constable, No. 112.) I was present at the prisoner's apprehension at Guildhall—when he was in custody I heard him say he lived at No. 1, Roll's-corner, Bream's-buildings, Chancery-lane—I asked him what rooms he occupied—he said the two parlours on the ground floor—I went there, and found some duplicates of some clothing, this Taglioni coat with a velvet collar, and these trowsers.

Cross-examined. Q. Where are the duplicates? A. I have left them at the station-house—I have only produced what was relative to the charge—I can fetch them—I think the date of the last duplicate was the 28th of March, for a gown, for 3s.—I may be mistaken in the date—I cannot say that there was any duplicate for March—there were fourteen, for trifling articles of wearing apparel, rings, and a watch.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had the prisoner any one attending for him on his examination before the Magistrate? A. Yes—Mr. Woolf attended on the first occasion—I was not required by him to produce the duplicates here to-day.





STEPHEN QUESTED
 (City police-constable, No. 171.) Daw came to Guildhall, at my request, to see two persons I had in custody—she did not recognise them—as she was going out through the waiting-room she recognised the prisoner, and pointed him out to me—I took him into custody—she had before described to me the dress he wore—he was not wearing that dress then—she had given me the description on the Saturday previous, and it was in consequence of that I went to his lodging to search.





FRANCIS HARDEN
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—I know the prisoner to be the man to

whom the certificate refers—I was present at his trial—(read—"Convicted 4th July, 1842, of larceny from the person, and confined three months.")




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

