



863. 




GEORGE HART
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering, on the 
11th of Feb., a counterfeit half-crown; having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of George Hart, with another person, at this Court in July, 1841—this I have examined with the original record in Mr. Clark's office, and it is a true copy—(read.)





WILLIAM THOMAS FLETCHER
 (police-constable L 116.) I was present at the trial of the prisoner in July, 1841—he is the person who was then tried and convicted.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you quite certain of that? A. Yes, I had locked him up at the station in Waterloo-road—he was under my care from Saturday till Monday, and was a witness against him on his trial.





LOUISA HOARE
. I am the wife of William Rundell Hoare, who keeps the Ben Jonson, in Wild-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. On Saturday, the 11th of Feb., the prisoner came to our house with another man—one of them called for half a quartern of rum—I served them—they both partook of it—they threw down a good half-crown—I cannot say which of them it was—I took it up, kept it in my hand, and was about to give change, when one of them, I cannot say which, said, "We," or "I, have halfpence enough"—I then returned them the half-crown, and 2d. was put down—the rum came to 2 1/2 d.—I said it was another halfpenny—one of them said they had not another, and said, "I must give you the half-crown again," and a half-crown was given by the prisoner—I immediately saw it was a bad one—I had looked at the one they had given me before, and am certain it was not the same—I said it was bad, and refused to take it—the prisoner said it was not bad, and immediately asked his companion for a halfpenny,

which he gave him, and he threw it down—I gave the half-crown to my husband—he detained it, and they went away without it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you put the first half-crown into the till? A. It was in the till, but not out of my hand—I was in the act of giving change—I did not put it with the other money—I held it in my hand, and took the change out, keeping the half-crown in my hand—I did not put it in the till—I had the till open—I do not call that putting it into the till—it was not with the other money—(looking at his deposition)—this is my handwriting—it is what I swore at the police-office—(The deposition being read, stated, "One of them placed a good half-crown" on the counter, I took it up, and placed it in the till)—I mean to say that—I still kept it in my hand—we do a good deal of business—this was between eight and nine o'clock in the evening—the till was pretty full of money—I am quite certain the prisoner was one of the parties—I never saw him before to my knowledge—he was five or six minutes in the house—my husband detained him a short time—I did not see him again till the Monday week following, before the Magistrate—I am quite sure he is the man—he was dressed in his shirt-sleeves and coat and waistcoat, and he had on a rough light coat before the Magistrate—I know him by his countenance.

COURT. Q. Do you remember whether there were many half-crowns in the till? A. I cannot say—there was not a great deal of money, perhaps 9s. or 10s. in the till.





WILLIAM RUNDELL HOARE
. I keep the Ben Johnson, in Great Wild-street. On Saturday, the 11th of February, two persons came to the bar to be served—the prisoner gave my wife a half-crown, which turned out to be a bad one—I have not a doubt of his being the person—my wife handed me the bad half-crown—I marked it, and gave it to Robins, the officer—I was standing at the bar at the acute angle of the counter—I saw a good half-crown thrown down on the counter—I heard it ring, and know it was good from the ringing of it—ours is a marble counter—I was waiting for some beer to take into another room, and I heard my wife say, "This is not the one you gave me just now"—as soon as I heard that I went and took the chain of the door, put my back against it, and said, "Don't you try to ring the changes with me, you are ringing them with a wrong party"—the prisoner said, "Upon my word, Mr. Hoare, it is no such thing, I was not aware of it; I have half-a-sovereign in my pocket if you want it"—I said, "I don't want half-a-sovereign, don't you try to ring the changes on me"—he was asking his fellow partner if he had got a halfpenny—I went to the door, looked about six or seven minutes for a policeman, I did not see one pass—our business would not allow me to keep the door closed any longer, and they went out—one went on one side of the street, and one on the other, both running up the street—Robins came up almost directly—I gave him the half-crown, telling him the circumstances—I think I detained them six or seven minutes—I had never seen the prisoner before, but he had got my name very perfectly.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say any thing before the Magistrate about the prisoner running away? A. I did, but it is not in my deposition—they both ran away—I could see them all the way up the street—he did not produce the half-sovereign to me—I had never seen the other man before—I should know him again if I saw him—he was dressed in light bricklayer's trowsers with lime or something about it, and a cap on—the prisoner had a black hat with crape round it, neither coat nor waistcoat on, and I do not think he had any braces on—he looked just as if he had come out of a workshop—I put a cross on the R on the money—I think it was in the word "Gratia."






EDWIN ROBINS
 (police-constable F 66.) I was near Mr. Hoare's house on Saturday night, the 11th of February, between eight and nine o'clock—I saw the prisoner and another person leave Mr. Hoare's house as I was going to it—the prisoner crossed the street, and beckoned his companion over to him—I think he ran when he got a little further up—I took notice of the prisoner's person—I took him into custody on the Monday, about eleven o'clock, in Bow-street—I took him from knowing him well, having seen him before, and knew him when I saw him come out of Hoare's house—I received a half-crown from Mr. Hoare on Saturday night—I have kept it apart from other money since—I also produce another half-crown, which I received from Mr. Waters, of No. 75, Drury-lane, on the Monday.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure you saw the prisoner on the 11th? A. I am quite positive of it—he walked across the street—whether he ran I cannot say—I was examined before the Magistrate, and my examination was read over to me—this is it—I did not to my recollection say any thing before the Magistrate about having seen the prisoner on the 11th, but it was stated at the first examination—I said I had seen him before.—(The deposition being read, omitted to state that the witness saw the prisoner on the 11th.)





MARY ANN PHILLIPS
. My husband is a cow-keeper, and lives in Wilson-street, Charles-street, Long-acre. On the 7th of February the prisoner came to our house, between five and six o'clock in the evening, for four eggs and a pennyworth of milk—I served him—it came to 5d., and he gave me half-a-crown in payment—I gave him change, and he went away—I placed the half-crown in my pocket—I had some small silver in my pocket, but no other half-crown—this was on the Tuesday evening—on the following morning I took the half-crown out of my pocket, looked at it, and found it was a bad one—I put it in paper in the side till—I marked it—I had another bad half-crown in the till which I had received that same week—I gave those two half-crowns to Brown, a policeman—I cannot tell which I received from the prisoner.

Cross-examined. A. You cannot be sure you had no other half-crown in the pocket? A. Yes, I can, I was very particular in knowing what money I had in my pocket—I counted what money I had in my pocket the following morning—I had two gaslights in the shop—it is not a small gaslight—I had seen the prisoner the week before, and took particular notice of him, he worked at a coach factory in the neighbourhood—I knew him when I saw him at Bow-street afterwards—I did not know him before.

MR. DOANE. Q. Had you seen him before he gave you the half-crown? A. Yes—I did not know his name, but I knew his person by his coming the week before, and coming as a regular customer always for eggs—he had come several times for eggs the week before, and my girl served him—I have no doubt whatever of him—he wanted to take up a shilling instead of sixpenee, which made me notice him at the time he passed the half-crown—I knew him at that time.

COURT. Q. Did he ever come after he left the bad half-crown? A. Yes—I told my husband he was the person, and my husband went to get the half-crown—I believe the prisoner took notice that there was something—he said, "I have forgot the money"—he went out of the shop and never returned.





JAMES BROWN
 (police-constable F 142.) On the 17th of Feb. I went to Mr. Phillips's, and received from Mrs. Phillips two half-crowns, which I produce.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you had them in your possession ever since? A. Yes—Mr. Powell looked at them, but they have never been out of my sight—the Magistrate saw them at Bow-street—two other half-crowns were produced there, but they were not put with these—these are the same two.






MARY ANN LECHMERE
. I am bar-maid to Mr. Walter, who keeps a public-house in Drury-lane. On the 10th of Feb., about eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came and asked for a glass of the best rum—I served him—he put down a half-crown, then took it up again, and said he had coppers enough—he then put down 2d.—the rum came to 2 1/2 d.—I told him it was another half-penny—he took the coppers up again and threw down a half-crown—I gave him the change for that—put the half-crown into the till, and he went away—there was no other half-crown in the till—about an hour after, my master went to the till—I did not see him take the half-crown out—he brought it to me in the bar parlour—I then found it was bad—I marked it on the Monday after—I had taken no other half-crown that morning—no one was serving at the bar besides me and Mr. Walter that morning.

Cross-examined. Q. You do a good deal of business early in the morning? A. Pretty well—I am positive I did not take any other half-crown that morning.





WILLIAM WALTERS
. I keep this public-house. On the morning of the 10th of Feb., about nine o'clock, I went to the till and took out half-a-crown—I had not taken half-a-crown that morning—I showed the half-crown to the bar-maid, and kept it till the following morning, and then gave it to Robins.

Cross-examined. Q. You had half-crowns of your own, I suppose? A. Yes—I put this in a drawer immediately I took it from the till—not a drawer in which money was kept, but books and papers—I marked it on Monday on giving it to the policeman—I did not see the prisoner.

COURT. Q. Was anybody helping you that morning but the bar-maid? A. No.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint—the two half-crowns first produced are counterfeit—these other two are also counterfeit, and both cast in the same mould.

Cross-examined. Q. Then the others are not? A. I do not think they are, they do not correspond with the other two, or with each other.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

