



2666. 




WILLIAM RANSLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of July, 1 gelding, value 30l.; 1 cart, value 7l.; 1 horse-collar, value 3s.; 1 pair of names, value 4s.; 1 pair of traces, value 4s.; 1 saddle, value 4s.; 1 breechen, value 3s.; and 1 pair of reins, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Edward Strouts; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD STROUTS
. I am a farmer living at Kingsdown, near Sittingbourne. On the 14th of July I had a gelding, a cart, and a set of harness—when I came home, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw the gelding put into the stable, and the cart into the chaise-house—part of the harness was in the stable—next morning it was all gone—I have since received the gelding from Mr. Thoroughgood, at the Blue-boar, public-house, Aldgate, and the cart and harness from Bennett, in Wandsworth—the horse was shown to Roff, in my presence—the value of the whole is about 38l.—I do not know the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How far do you live from London? A. About forty-five miles, on the other side of Sittingbourne, between there and Feversham, out of the high-road—I know the gelding by a little white on the leg, and it has a rather peculiar sort of head—it is a little of the French horse, more chubby.





JOHN ROFF
. I am servant at the White Howe, Brixton-road; I know the prisoner by sight. On the 15th of July he came, driving a horse and cart, to the White Horse at Brixton, about noon—it looked as if it had been driven a long way, it was all in a sweat, but was getting cool—he called for the ostler, I attended to him—he told me to take the horse out, and take the sweat off—I said I would put him into the stable—he said he did not wish him to be in the stable, as he was going to show him to a gentleman—I began to clean him, and another young man finished it—the prisoner said the horse and cart was for sale, and asked what I thought it was worth—I said I could not tell him any thing about it—he said he could sell the lot, he thought, for about 18l.—I asked why he wanted to sell it—he said his master had got two horses,

but had not work enough to keep two—I have since seen the horse, in the presence of the prosecutor—it is the same horse—the prisoner rode it out of the yard—he asked me to take care of the harness and cart till next day, till he came back—he came back next day, but did not bring the horse—I asked if he had sold it—he said, "Partly sold it"—Bennett was with him—they went into the yard, and began to deal for the cart—Bennett had bought the harness for 7s. 6d.—they went away together with the cart.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you lived at the White Horse? A. Between six and seven years—I have lived there six years, without intermission—I was away eleven months five years ago—I lived at Kensington then seven months, and left there and went to Croydon to live—I was all that eleven months in service, and not any where else—I have never been in any sort of trouble—I was called on to identify the prisoner, at Park-place, Walworth, about two months after he brought the horse and cart—the only time I saw him was when he brought the horse and cart, and came the next day—he was about three quarters of an hour with me the first day, in the yard all the time, and not in the house at all—the second time he was about three or four hours there, but not in my sight all the time—he was on the premises, and in my sight, between two and three hours—I was backwards and forwards—he had a blue coat on both times—he was dressed different at Walworth—I saw him at the station-house—there were other persons there—he had a brown greatcoat on—he was brought out, and I was asked to look at him—I was asked if he was the man, I said, "Yes," at once—I did not say so the moment I saw him, but five or ten minutes after, at I was not asked before—I did not at first say I doubted whether he was the man, nor that he was not high enough for the man, nor that he was shorter than the man—I had not the least doubt of him—he was brought out, and went under the standard to be measured, and I stood by—as soon as I was asked if he was the man, I said, "Yes"—I never expressed the least doubt of his being the man, I have not the least doubt of him.





THOMAS CORDWELL
. I am a labourer. I was at Brixton on the 15th of July, and remember seeing the horse and chaise-cart—the prisoner is the man who brought them—I saw him at first drive over the White Horse bridge, and into the stable-yard—I assisted in cleaning the horse, and helped him up on the horse when he went away on the 15th—I was present next day when he and Bennett came—the cart and harness was sold to Bennett, who took them away—the prisoner went with him.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. Never, he was in the stable-yard the first day, for about half an hour—he stood by while I cleaned the horse—I was at the station-house at Woolwich—the ostler asked me to go—I saw the prisoner as he came out into the street from the lock-up place, and was asked to look at him and said, "He is the man"—I was quite positive, I never said that he was not tall enough—I did not hear Rolf say that he was not tall enough, nor any thing of the kind—I am occasionally employed at the White Horse—Hayne, the inspector, asked me if I should know the man again at Union Hall, but not since—I have not been with him a good deal lately.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am a stableman, in Cranmer-road, Lambeth. I went to the Swan public-house, near Kennington, on a Wednesday, about the middle of July, and saw the prisoner there with a black horse, which I have since seen in the possession of Thorough good and Strouts—the prisoner

told me he wanted the horse taken to St. Martin's-lane, to the Repository, and would I take it, he would give me 1s., and 4d. to pay the gates—I took it, and delivered it to Smith, the foreman of the yard.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see the prisoner before? A. No, I was not more than five minutes with him—he had a blue coat with metal buttons—I went to the station-house to identify him—the police told me to go—they brought him out of a lock-up place, and asked me if I knew the man—I did not say he was not high enough—I said directly, "He is the man"—when he came out of the cell, his hat was down over his eyes very much—they turned it up, and 1 had a full view of his face—I expressed no doubt of him when he was brought out—I did not ask him to put his hat higher up—the inspector turned it up, and then put it down again—Roff was there, and not Cord well—I did not see the prisoner put to the standard—I did not hear any body say he was not high enough for the man—the inspector told him to hold his head up when he pulled his hat up—I did not hear any body express a doubt of him.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am servant at the Repository in St. Martin's-lane. I have seen a gelding in the possession of the prosecutor—I had seen it on the 15th of July—I had it from the last witness—it was sold that day—I swear it is the same gelding.





JAMES BENNETT
. I am a wheelwright, and live in Wands worth-road. On Thursday, the 16th of July, I saw the prisoner at a beer-shop near my shop, waiting there for me to come home—he was dressed in a blue coat and white buttons—I have not a doubt of his being the man—I have since seen him at Union Hall, and picked him out from the crowd—he bad a dirty smock-frock on then—on the 16th of July he asked me if I would buy a cart—I said I would rather sell him one—I went with him to the White Horse public-house, Brixton, and saw the ostler—he showed me the cart and harness there—I have since seen it in the possession of Strunts.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you would not buy a cart without getting a bargain? A. Yes, I make carts and let them oat—I bought it of him for 35s.—I offered to take a crown for my bargain directly—I gave 7s. 6d. for the harness—I do not know what it was worth—it was not fit to put on a horse, it was so shabby—Strouts values his cart at 8l., but I should like to make him a new one for the money—I had never seen the prisoner before—we had some beer together, with the ostler and his mate—I suppose I was about three hours with him—I saw nobody with him—I have given up the cart and harness.





JOHN HAYNES
. I am an inspector of police. On the 14th of September, I took the prisoner into custody, at the Cross Keys public-house, at the foot of Blackfriars Bridge, in the parish of Christ Church, Surrey—Brixton is in the parish of Lambeth.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you remember Roff, Cordwell, and Smith coming to the station-house? A. Yes, the superintendent sent for them—I measured the man—I told him to hold his head up—I never heard any body say he was not high enough—that I swear—we generally tell them to hold up their head when we measure them, if they hold it down—I think I did tell him to hold his head up—I have very little doubt of it—Roff and Smith were present, looking at him—I remember putting his hat higher on his head—none of the witnesses expressed a doubt of him—two persons came to look at him concerning another charge, and they said

he was not that man—I will not swear I did not tell any body to look at him again—to the best of my belief I did not say to Smith, "Look at him again."





SMUEL TOLER
. I am high-constable of Worthing, Sussex. I have a certificate, which I got from the office of Mr. Straight, Clerk of the Arraigns for the Home Circuit—I was present at the trial as a witness—the prisoner is the person who was convicted—I have seen him four or five times since.





ROBERT MARSHALL STRAIGHT
, Esq. I am Deputy Clerk of Assize for the Home Circuit; the Hon. Richrad Denman is the clerk. I have, by virtue of my office, the records of the Court—this certificate was made out from the record—the records have been kept in this building for a considerable period—I know of no other place of deposit—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
