



1132. 




ANN SHEEN
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving of a certain evil-disposed person, on the 
5th of February, 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; and 1 tippet, value 4s.; the goods of 



John Prescott; well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






CHARLOTTE PRESCOTT
. I am the wife of John Prescott. I have a son named John Matthew Carter, by a former husband—I was confined in bed in the month of February—I missed several articles, among them a squirrel tippet, which is worth about 4s., and a velvet waistcoat belonging to, my husband, which is worth 25s.—it was in a good state when it was lost—I charged my son with stealing the property—he denied it at the time; he afterwards proposed to go with his aunt somewhere—I got a policeman from the station-house, on the 2nd of March, and went to rose-lane, spitalfields, with the policeman and Carter—I saw Mrs. Sheen there—I can hardly say if the prisoner is the person—she was not in widow's-weeds when I saw her—it was a person who represented himself as Mrs. Sheen—the person I saw before the Magistrate was the same I saw in Rose-lane—the policeman said he had come for same things she had got belonging to me, and named a waistcoat that the boy had brought—she said she did not know, but if we would come to-morrow morning she would see—the officer said he must have it now—he accompanied her up stairs, and when he came down he produced this waistcoat—I told the prisoner that Carter said he had sold it to her—(Carter was in the shop at the time)—she then denied all knowledge of it—Carter told her he had sold it to her—she denied it all throughout—I remained with the boy in the, shop—from a quarter to half an hour elapsed before they came down stairs—the officer asked me if I knew the waistcoat—the officer told her the boy had brought it to her, and sold it for 6d.—she said he had left it there for food to the amount of 6d.—the boy said she had given him food—while the prisoner was up stairs a young woman in the shop gave me information—when the prisoner came down I told her she had a fur tippet, and she said I might come up with her and see—the officer said he thought he saw the tippet up there—I went up, and found it in a chest—the prisoner said, if that was mine, I could have it—I told her I knew it by a mark inside, for as it was coming from the country it got stained—I asked Carter, in her presence, whether he had sold it to her—he said he had for 6d.—she said he had not told it to her, she had supplied him with articles of food; but he was at the same time in a place of employment, where he was found food.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You missed these articles is February? A. Yes—it was my son took them from me, for my sister met him, and he told her so—I charged him with it on the 2nd of March, the night I went to the prisoner's—he denied it to me—my husband is not here—it is his waistcoat—he is a card-maker—my son was living with me prior to this, and I got him a ship—he had sold both his outfits to a son of

Mr. Sheen's—he went to sea, and returned about the middle of January in a destitute state—I clothed him and fed him, and during that time he robbed me—he was not living with me till the 2nd of March, but in a vessel—I have one other child, besides an infant—the prisoner afforded every facility for searching her premises—I said, "My son has sold you my tippet and waistcoat"—she denied all knowledge of them—when they were found, when I said they were mine, she said she had lent him food on them, and he admitted he had food.





MARIA WINGATE
. I am the wife of Thomas Wingate, and live in George-street, Willow-street—the boy Carter is my nephew. On the 2nd of March I met him in Shoreditch, and in consequence of what he said I went to the prisoner's house, in Rose-lane—the boy waited outside—I went in, and asked the prisoner to give me the waistcoat that she had bought of the boy for 6d.—she said she had no waistcoat, and if I brought the boy he would not say she had it—I went away, and informed his mother of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you the boy with you? A. Yes, at the door—I asked him to go in, and he would not.





JOHN MATTEW CARTER
. I am the son of Charlotte Prescott. I ran away from my ship at Hartly Pool—on my arrival in London, some weeks after, I went to the prisoner's to lodge two nights—I took a velvet waist-coat and a fur tippet from the bed-room at my mother's house—I took them to Mrs. Sheen's, about six o'clock in the evening, and said, "Mrs. Sheen, can you lend me 6d. on this waistcoat?"—she said, "Yes," and asked what I had in my breast—I said, "A fur tippet"—she asked if I wanted 6d. on that—I said, "Yes"—I let her have them—she detained the whole money—6d. for bread and cheese, and 6d. for lodging—she gave me half a quartern loaf and 2d. worth of cheese—she has a lodging-house in Wentworth-street, where I lodged—there is a parcel of bad girls there—I told my aunt what I had done with the waistcoat—I remained outside while she went into the house—I waited about till my mother arrived, and then went to Spitalfields watch-house for a policeman—he accompanied me and my mother to the prisoner's—I heard what the officer said to the prisoner—the waistcoat and tippet were found there—the policeman took me to the station-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How old are you? A. Sixteen—I staid on board the ship six weeks—I went to Sunderland, and entered on board a ship there—I came to London about three months ago—I did not go to Mrs. Sheen's to lodge five nights—I will swear I did not—when I came to King James's-stairs I went straight to my mother's—I was apprenticed on board the Victoria, which sailed from Hartlepool—I went on board at London, and worked to Hartlepool, and was on board there six weeks—I ran away because my master and the mate used to beat me—I was on board the other vessel three months—she came to Sunderland, and was sold to another owner—I came on board another ship to London—when I came to my mother's I had no clothes—I sold them in Sunderland to get bread—it was a fortnight from my leaving the second ship and going to the third, during which time I sold my things—I remained with my mother three weeks till I got another ship, the Mary and Ann, and went on board her at the New Crane-stairs—about six weeks ago I left her in London, and went to Mrs. Sheen's—I sold my outfit to William Sheen, who used to live in Wentworth-street—I left the last ship because I did not like it—they did not beat me there—I stopped with Sheen about four

nights—I paid her by money that I sold my clothes for—I sold my blanket for 1s. 6d., and the rug for 6d., and I sold my jacket and other things to William Sheen, and took the money to Mrs. Sheen—she accused me of stealing a pillow-cover—I was then walking about the street for about a week, and then I went to my mother's—she gave me a shirt and things—I took the waistcoat and tippet out of my sister's bed-room—I had two nights' lodging and food at Mrs. Sheen's for them—I met my aunt in Church-street on the Monday—I was working down at Billingsgate from the time I left the prisoner's till I met my aunt, and then I told her that I took these things—I stood at the corner of the street—my aunt asked me to go in, and I would not.





GEORGE TREW
 (police-constable H 125) I was at Spitalfields station-house on the 2nd of March—MRS. Prescott and her son came to me—I went with them to the prisoner's shop in Rose-lane—I saw the prisoner—she keeps a chandler's-shop and a lodging-house—I said I had come for a waistcoat that the sailor-boy had brought to her—she denied all knowledge of it—some girl there said she thought she had seen it—Mrs. Sheen said if I would call the next day she would let me know—I said that would not do for me, I must have it—I went up stairs and found the waistcoat in a chest, and saw the tippet there also—I took the waistcoat down, and the boy said he had sold it to Mrs. Sheen for 6d.—she denied it, and said he had left it there for 6d., Mrs. Sheen then went up stairs with Mrs. Prescott, and found the tippet—I took them and the boy away, and came back with Power in about five minutes, to take the prisoner—we wafted in the shop about half-an-her, as the girl in the shop said Mrs. Sheen was gone to the other house in Went worth-street, but I heard a noise up stairs, went up, and heard a door slam to—I called Power, we broke that open—the prisoner was not there—we went to another door, broke that open, and found her stuck in a little cupboard.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you intimated an intention of coming back, when you were there first? A. Yes—I had seen a great deal of property there, and thought all was not right—she went up with us to search for it—she said she had no recollection of a boy having sold her any thing of the sort—she was standing upright In the closet—she seemed rather frightened.





DENNIAS POWER
 (police-sergeant H 18.) On the evening of the 2nd of March I went with Trew to the prisoner's house—we were informed that she was gone to her other house, in Wentworth-street—we waited about half-an-hour, and Trew and I went up to the first-floor—that room door was shut, 1 caused it to be broken open, and found no one there—we found another door out of that room, which was locked—we called, no answer was given—Trew broke it open, and in the second room I saw a door which led to a closet—Trew pulled it open, and I saw the prisoner—I said; "Why not come out like an honest woman"—I said I took her for receiving stolen goods—she said she never took any—I took her to the station-house—she produced a receipt on the London and Westminster Bank for 54l. 13s. 6d.
(Louis Lyon, a licensed appraiser, in Bell-lane, Houndsditch; Sarah Anne Lucas, wife of a clerk, of Laurence Pountney-hill; and Patrick Hurley, labourer, Fashion-street; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
,† Aged 59.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


Fifth Jury, Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

