




689. 




MATTHEW GRIMES
 and 




DANIEL BOURNE
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 handkerchief value 6d., the goods of a man unknown, from his person; and that Grimes had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM STEWART
. I live in Little Trinity-lane, and am a carpenter On the 22nd of Feb., about eight o'clock at night, I was in Fleet-street—I saw the two prisoners following two gentlemen on the right hand side, about half way up Fleet-street—I saw Bourne take a gentleman's coat flap up, put his hand into his pocket, and take a handkerchief half-way out, and leave it—they then ran across to the Temple, where were two more gentlemen—Brown lifted up one gentleman's pocket. and with his right hand took a handkerchief out, and put it into his trowsers—Grimes was behind him, covering him—two officers ran up and took them—I went

after the gentleman—he said he had lost his handkerchief, and he would go to Guidhall the next morning, but he did not—Grimes had tried a good many pockets with the back of his hand as he was going along.

Grimes. Q. How could you see me when you were on the opposite side? A. I did see you—I did not collar you, because I did not see you take anything—I told the first gentleman who had his handkerchief taken half out of his pocket, and he put it in again.





THOMAS BURNS
 (City police-constable, No. 334.) I and another officer watched the prisoners for half an hour—there were three of them at first, but one left—Grimes felt several pockets—they then crossed over by Messrs. Hoare's, and just before they got to Temple-bar, Bourne followed a gentleman and took his handkerchief—Grimes was close behind Bourne at the time—Bourne put the handkerchief into his pocket—I took him, and said, "I want that handkerchief"—he took it out—Stewart came up, whom I had seen occasionally with my brother officer—he never was with me before.

Grimes. The policeman was in disguise; how could they see across the road with cabs and other things passing? I was going up Fleet-street by myself; there was nobody with me.





GEORGE WARDLE
 (City police-constable, No. 325.) I was with Burns—I saw the prisoners first in St. Paul's Churchyard—they attempted a gentleman's pocket at the end of Cheapside—we followed them on to Ludgate-hill, where they attempted pockets again, and also in Fleet-street—I do not know how long I have known Stewart—I met him that night promiscuously—he had been in the L division of police, and resigned—after the prisoner had picked the pocket I ran across, and Bourne took the handkerchief out of his pocket, and threw it on the ground.

Bourne. I picked up the handkerchief on the edge of the kerb; the officer said he was coming after me for robbing a handkerchief; I thought it was his, and I threw it down.





EDWARD DUDLEY
 (City police-constable, No. 148.) I produce a certificate of Grimes's conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted on 11th Dec., 1843, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the person.

BOURNE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.


GRIMES—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

