



712. 



JOHN SAVAGE



, stealing 10s. 6d.; the moneys of 



William Leonard, from his person.






WILLIAM LEONARD
 On 27th Jan. I was at the Swan, in Shoreditch—I had to wait there for some money for work done—I received about 10s. 6d., all in silver—there were shillings and sixpences amongst it—I put it in one of my trowsers' pockets—I went in with one shilling before that—I got drinking—I was not robbed in the public-house, but a long way from there—I was going towards home—I do not recollect being knocked down and robbed, but I was knocked down, that I know, for I have got the marks to show—I lost my money—I was knocked down on my head—I did not come to my recollection before Sunday morning—I felt pain when I came to my senses, and I feel the effects of it now—I have been subject to the headache, and am quite stupified since; quite different to what I was before—I

remained in the hospital from the Monday till the following Monday—I know the prisoner, and he knew me.

Prisoner. The prosecutor has known me the last ten or twelve months; he has lived in the same house, and he known that he never saw me that night.





CHARLES SAYER
 I saw 10s. 6d. paid to the prosecutor—I saw him put it into his pocket—he then got tipsy—I took him out of the house and walked a little way home with him—next morning I heard he was ill.





JOHN LEE
. I am twelve years old, my father is a tailor. My father seat me out on an errand on 27th Jan., and as I was coming along Brick-lane it struck half-past twelve o'clock at night—when I was near Wentworth-street I saw the prosecutor at the corner—I never knew him before—he put his hand into his right trowsers-pocket, and said he had not a shilling in his pocket—he was talking to himself—he went from the corner and came back again—the prisoner and three or four men were at the corner—one of them caught the prosecutor by the collar, and the prisoner turned his pockets inside out—I am sure he is the man that did it—I was three or four yards off him—he then caught him by the arm, brought him four or five yards down Wentworth-street, and there he threw him down on his head—I did not see him take anything out of his pocket—I do not think that they saw me—the prosecutor was quite drunk—the others had gone up Brick-lane, and after the prisoner had thrown the prosecutor down, be ran up Brick-lane—I saw the prosecutor's head bleed—I stayed there till a policeman came, and then there came three or four more—the one that came first ordered a stretcher to be brought, and he held up the prosecutor on his knees till it was brought.





JOSEPH SADLER
 (policeman, H 68). I found the prosecutor lying down bleeding—Lee gave a very accurate description of the prisoner—I knew who he was—I gave a description to my sergeant, and he was taken the same day,





THOMAS HUGHUS
 (police man, H 52). I went to a lodging-house in George-street, Spitalfields—I saw the prisoner there—I told him I wanted aim for robbing a man in Spitalfields—he said I was mistaken; he was at home and in bed by ten o'clock on Saturday night, and he did not get up till three o'clock on Sunday morning—I told him I knew it was false, for I searched his lodging at seven o'clock in the morning, and every bed in the house; and more than that I saw him out at three o'clock in the morning.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me? A. Yes, at the door, and you sat smoking your pipe after that.

Prisoner. I came out of a public-house a few minutes after twelve o'clock, and went home directly.





PETER WILLIAM EWINS
 I am a surgeon at the London Hospital. The prosecutor was brought to me—he had a wound in his head two inches long—a heavy fall on the kerb-stone would have caused it.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in the last bed but one in the room, and the person in the next bed told me there had been an officer after me; at twelve o'clock I saw H 52; he saw me come out of the house with an old cost and a pair of slippers on; he has known me to have an honest character.





THOMAS HUGHES

re-examined. saw him a quarter of an hour before J took him, at the lodging-house door—I have known him for years.




GUILTY
.*†—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

