



2599. 




JANE CALE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of October, 2 20l. Bank-notes, and 1 10l. Bank-note, the property of 



Henry Dale, from his person.






HENRY DALE
. I live at Hounslow. On the evening of the 5th of October I saw the prisoner in the Haymarket, between six and seven o'clock—we got into conversation, and went to a public-house, and had something to drink—I met with two other females—I and the three women went to a house in Coventry-court—we got into conversation together there, and after a few minutes the prisoner left the room—I had not given any of them money to get drink, but I gave one person a shilling for the room—soon after the prisoner had left I put my hand into my pocket, and missed two 20l. and one 10l. note, which I had taken of Mr. Jenkins—my notes were safe when I gave out the shilling, and the prisoner left the room in five or ten minutes—the women were in close conversation, but I do not know what might pass—I was not quite sober, but knew what I was doing.





JOSEPH BOTT JENKINS
. I live in Angel-court, Throgmorton-street, and am a stock-broker. On the afternoon of the 5th of October I paid the prosecutor 50l. in two 20l. notes and one 10l. note—I put on the notes which pass through my hands the names of the person's from whom I receive them.





ROBERT BERNAND
. I am in the service of a linen-draper in Leicester-square, about five minutes' walk from Coventry-court. On the 15th of October the prisoner came to our shop, about eight o'clock in the evening—I sold her a cloak, a boa, a piece of Irish linen, some silk, and other articles to the amount of 12l. 0s. 4d.—she paid me with a 20l. note, which I produce—I asked her name and address—she said Mr. Brook, Brompton, and I wrote it on the note—I gave her 7l. 19s. 8d. change—she then asked me to give her change for another 20l. note, which I declined—she then left the shop—I sent a porter with her with the goods.





WILLIAM GARRARD
. I am an assistant in the same shop as Mr. Bernand., On the 15th of October I watched the prisoner from the shop to the Black Horse public-house in Coventry-street—she there got into an omnibus, which our porter put the parcel into—I got into the omnibus, and sat next to her—she went on to Knightsbridge, then got out, and went into a house—I went in after her—she then came back to town with the bundle—I followed her to St. James's-park, down Constitution-hill, and on to the Horse Guards—I spoke to a policeman, and we stopped her there—he asked if she had been to Leicester-square—she said "No"—he said she must go to the station-house—I followed her, and saw a piece of paper fall from under her clothes—I took it up, and it was a 20l. note—at the station-house she denied having any money but the change she had received—she gave up her pocket, and this 10l. note was found in it.





BENJAMIN COLE
 (police-constable A 138.) On the 15th of October at night I was on duty near the Parade, in St. James's-park—Garrard spoke

to me—I followed the prisoner to the Horse Guards, and took her—I asked what she had got, and where she was going—she said to her milliner's—I asked if she recollected changing a 20l. note—she said no, the goods she had she had paid for in gold—I took her to the station-house, and saw Garrard pick up a 20l. note on the road there—at the station-house the prisoner delivered up seven sovereigns, six half-crowns, one shilling, and one sixpence—she said she had more—the Inspector said she should be searched by a female—she then delivered her pocket, and in it was a 10l. note, a sovereign, and a fourpenny-piece—she said a gentleman named Marsh had met her by appointment at Charing-cross that afternoon at three o'clock, and given her the money, and that she lived in Mason-street, Lambeth.

MR. JENKINS
re-examined. This 20l. note, produced by Bernand, is one of the notes I paid to Mr. Dale, and those produced by the officer are the other two.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the gentleman, and he asked me to go to a house with him, which I did; I do not know where; after I had been in the room some time, he put some paper into my hand, and said it was money, and he would meet me the following day at half-past six o'clock.





HENRY DALE

re-examined. I did not put any paper in her hand.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
