




294. 




MARY ANN JOHNSON
 and 




ELIZA SMITH
 were indicted for

feloniously assaulting 



Alfred Henry Austin Davies, on the 
2nd of Dec., putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 shilling, 6 pence, and 6 halfpence, his monies; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, feloniously beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.






ALFRED HENRY AUSTIN DAVIES
. I am fourteen years old. On the 2nd of Dec, about ten o'clock at night, I was in Broad-street, going to my aunt's—Paul Francis was with me—I saw the prisoners coming down Broad-street—Johnson took my cap, and put it under her shawl, and ran away without saying any thing—I followed her to get it—Smith was with her—I never saw them before—I followed them up George-street, to a house in Church-lane—they went in—I and Francis stopped at the door for a second or two, and then went in, through a passage through a yard, and then turned to the left into a front room on the ground floor, with a candle and a fire in it—I saw Johnson standing there with my cap, and Smith sitting in a chair—Johnson threw my cap down—Smith jumped up—Johnson ran to the door, and said she would murder me if I did not give her my money—Smith jumped up, and laid hold of my hand, and Johnson struck me by the side of my head—I said, "You had better leave me alone"—she asked if I had got much money—I said that was my business—she put her band into my pocket, and took out 8d.—Smith holding her hand over my mouth—Smith then struck me, and said, "Have you got any more?"—I said,

"No"—she then felt in my pockets, called me a b—, and said there was a shilling, and if I did not give it her she would kill me, and Johnson struck me—I was obliged to give her the shilling out of my pocket, because the made me—she then said I might go, and opened the door—we both went out—Francis was in the room with me all the time—they did not try to rob him—he had no money—we went out of the passage into the street—they followed us and bade us good night—I thought I would watch which way they went, but did not see a policeman that night—I afterwards gave a person in charge on suspicion, who looked like Johnson, and when I was at the station, Smith brought a breakfast to that person, and I gave her in charge—I am sure of her—I next saw Johnson at the station at Bagnigge-wells—I am sure she is the person—I made the mistake, because the other person looked like her in the face, but I was not sure, because she did not have scratches on her face.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. I have lost my place—I was at a stationer's—I lived at No. 42, Great Carter-street, at the time this happened, with my mother—I was going to my aunt's—I did not leave my place till late—I was at that time at Mr. Ilby's, in Great Titchfield-street—I never saw the prisoners before.

Johnson. He says 8d. was taken out of his pocket—he had but 4d. in his pocket, and that he gave us, and the other one with him gave at 4d. more—we thought they had more money, and he had another shilling, and he gave us that—we thought they were going to give us more money, or we should not have taken them home—I said, "What do you make such fools of us for?" Witness. I did not give them either the copper or the shilling.





PAUL FRANCIS
. I shall be sixteen years old next June—I was with the prosecutor in Broad-street, and met the two girls who took his cap off, and ran into George-street—we followed them into Church-lane—they went into a house—we went in afterwards, and found them in a room below stairs—Johnson put his cap on the table—Davis took hold of it-then Johnson went against the door, and said she would murder us if we did not five her money, and they asked Davis if he had any money—he said that was his business—he did not give them any money—they went up to him, and wanted to get it out of his pocket—he called "Thief!" and one put her hand against his mouth, and the other struck him on the face—they put a hand in his pocket—I saw something like halfpence taken out—he said to me, "You see me give 1s. into her hand," and he put it into Johnson's hand, because he was afraid of her—it was not mine, it was his.

Johnson. Q. Did not you give him the shilling? A. No—I had no money—I am sure they are the young women.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure you did not go to the house for some other purpose than after the cap? A. No—I never saw them before—I am a tailor, and work for Mr. Dressen, of Great Titchfield-street, Broad-street, St. Giless—there were not many people in the street at the time the cap was snatched—I was going to Davis's aunt with him—I never went there before with him—I never went to a house with any girls before.

Johnson. You came up to us in George-street, and said you had 4d., and he had 4d. Witness. No—you came up to us, and took his cap.

Johnson. They told us to show them where we lived, and they would come on Sunday—they came home with us, and Smith said, "You have It.?"—he said, "Yes," and put it into her hand.





THOMAS FISH
 (police-constable E 42.) I took Smith to the station, in George-street, St. Giles—both boys were there—they gave her in charge.





WILLIAM BAKER
. I am a policeman. I received information from

Davis about ten o'clock on Saturday night—I saw the prisoners from half-past nine till half-past ten, on the night in question, Friday, in Broad-street and in Church-lane together—they bad lived together for a week before they were taken—I believe they always associated together—I have seen them at different times before.

Cross-examined. Q. What time do you go off duty? A. Six o'clock in the morning—there are other policemen on duty in the neighbourhood Church-lane and Broad-street belong to my beat—I was on my beat this night from nine to six in the morning.

Johnsons Defence. They gave me the 1s.—I told them they were little brats, and they had better go home to their mothers instead of going with girls, and told them to go out—we both said so.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Two Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

