






1342. 



JOHN CORDWELL,



 WILLIAM MORRIS,




 WILLIAM COLLIER
, and 




EDWARD SHIELDS
, were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Simpson, on the 
13th of March, at the township of 
New Brentford, and stealing therein 40 knives, value 1l. 18s., the goods of 



George Simpson, and that Morris had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE SIMPSON
. About half-past eight o'clock in the morning of the 13th of March I left Brentford for London. I have a shop at Brentford, where I sell knives—I left my son-in-law to mind it—I came home at eight at night, and

found a square of glass cut—there was a hole about one and a half inch long and three quarters wide, and a tray that was full of knives in the morning, had only three left in it—about three dozen were gone—I have seen about a dozen of them since, and one of them I can swear to—the tray was close to the window—my door was left open all the morning—I will swear to this one knife—I have lost knives like these fourteen, and I believe these to be mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where do you live? A. At Brentford. I sleep at this house—it is in the parish of Hanwell, and in the town-ship of New Brentford—the knives could have been got out very easily by a wire, without putting the hand in—I will not swear that these knives never belonged to Mr. Baines, at Hammersmith—I believe he is here on some trial—I will not swear that these do not belong to any cutler in London.





JOHN HADDON
 (police-constable T 46.) I received information, and made inquiries—I got into an omnibus, and overtook the four prisoners about six that evening—I got out and saw Morris throw four knives and a pot of marmalade over a garden—I picked up the four knives—I showed them to Mr. Simpson, and he identified them—I found on Collier seven knives, a pot of marmalade, this piece of wire, and some other things.





WILLIAM MARSH
 (police-constable T 62.) I went and took Shields to the station—I found on him four knives, and one knife was given me by a boy, which he said was flung away—I have shown them to Mr. Simpson, and he believes they are his.





RICHARD HANCOCK
 (police-sergeant T 10.) I took Cordwell about ten minutes before nine o'clock the same evening. I went to Paddington after him—he said he had never been to Brentford, and did not know where it was—I told him I took him for a robbery at Brentford, and told him what I had been told by Shields—he said he would tell the Magistrate all about it.





ROBERT NASH
 (police-constable S 221.) I produce a certificate of Morris's former conviction, which I got from Clerkenwell—(read)—he is the person.
(Collins and Shields received a good character.)

CORDWELL,—


NOT GUILTY
.

MORRIS,—


GUILTY

of stealing only. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Parkhurst.


COLLIER,—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

SHIELDS,—


GUILTY
. Aged 10.

Of stealing only.—




Confined Nine Days, and 




Whipped.


