



2874. 




WILLIAM FYLER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of Aug., at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 guard-chain, 10s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, 7s. 6d.; 1 waistcoat, 7s.; 2 razors, 5s.; and 1 hat, 5s.; the goods of 



Joseph Burraston, in the dwelling-house of 



Philip Charles Bowin; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH BURRASTON
. I am waiter at the Old Coachmakers' Arms, Longacre. On Wednesday, the 30th of Aug., the prisoner came there, and slept in my bed-room—there are two beds there—my trowsers and things were all in the room—my watch was locked up in a small box—I did not miss any thing till the Sunday following, as I did not go to the box—none of them have been found, except my hat, which was taken from the room—this is it—my box had been opened, and locked again—it is the dwelling-house of Charles Bowin—nobody slept there on Thursday, Friday, or Saturday—nobody had been in the room except the servant—the prisoner complained of being very warm in the morning—I asked how he slept—he said, "Very well"—he drank some gin at the bar, and went away—I little thought he had my hat on at the time—he left his old one behind instead of mine.

Prisoner. The hat is my own; I bought it. Witness. I know it by the maker's name—it was rather large, and I placed two bits of newspaper in it,

to keep it from coming over my eyes—I found them in it—they are here now—I swear he is the man.





GEORGE WESTON
 (policeman.) On the 2nd of Oct. I took the prisoner on another charge—I took this hat out of his hand before the Magistrate, on the 2nd of Oct., he said, "This is my hat"—he did not say how he got it.

Prisoner. He took the hat from the side of me, took it to the prosecutor, and said, "Try this hat on;" it fitted him; he went and brought this old hat; I was never in the prosecutor's house; I was at Brighton at the time; he could not tell the maker's name till the officer's attention was called to it. Witness. Burraston told me there was paper in the hat before he examined it, and told me the maker's name before he saw it.





JOHN B MANHOOD
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

