




1534. 




JOHN HINDLE
 and 




JANE THORPE
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 bed, value 5l.; 2 pillows, 15s.; 3 blankets, 9s.; 1 quilt, 3s.; 1 pair of sheets, 5s.; 4 knives, 1s.; 4 forks, 1s.; 6 cups, 1s.; 6 saucers, 6s.; 1 tea-pot, 8d.; 3 jugs, 1s. Ad,; 2 basins, 7d.; 12 plates, 1s. 6d.; 1 candlestick, 1s.; 1 handkerchief, 2s.; 1 pair of snuffers and tray, 1s.; 3 brushes 2s.; 3 flat-irons, 1s.; 1 basket, 1s.; 2lbs. weight of pork, 1s.; and 6 spoons, 6l.; the goods of Luke Larch.






MARY ANN LARCH
. I am the wife of Luke Larch, and live in Lion-street, New Kent-road. The prisoners came to lodge with me—I let them a farnished room containing a bed, two blankets, a quilt, and a variety of other articles—they staid a week and a day, and left without any notice—they said they would take the lodgings for some time, from week to week—after they left I went into their room—the door was locked, and the key taken away—I missed a feather-bed, a pair of sheets, a pair of blankets, some crockeryware out of the cupboard, and other things—they were all let with the room, and were worth 10l.—here is one knife, and some cups and saucers—they are my husband's—I will swear to them—I had the knives made for me—here is our name on this one, and "L.," with a pistol.

Hindle. Q. Do you mean you can swear to this handkerchief? A. I think I could.





MARY TAYLOR
. I am the wife of John Taylor, and live in Essex-street, Whitechapel. On the 9th of April, Thorpe came to me in George-yard with a basket containing this crockery—I locked them up in the cupboard—I and my mistress had a few words, and I left them there—the woman who took my place gave the officer the crockery.





BRIDGET GLEESON
. I am single, and live in George-yard, Whitechapel. Taylor was servant to my aunt—when I took her place this crockery was in the cupboard.





HENRY LAMBERT
 (police-constable H 2.) I received these things from Gleeson, in George-yard—I found this handkerchief on searching Hindle.

Hindle's Defence, This property belongs to me.

HINDLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 36

THORPE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24





Transported for seven years


(There were eleven other indictments against the prisoners.)
