




262. 




HENRY NOISE
 and 




GEORGE WALKER
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Storer, at 
St. George's-in-the-East, and stealing 3 umbrellas, value 1l. 15s., his property; and that Noise had been before convicted of felony.






MARGARET ANN STODDART
 I am the niece of William Storer—he lives in St. George's-street. On the 27th of Nov. I was sitting in my parlour behind the shop—Bush beckoned me to the door and said, "Some one has stolen your umbrellas—I looked, and saw some had been taken from the window—I looked out, but could not see any one—I saw a pane of glass had been broken where the umbrellas had been—presently I saw these three brought back, and knew them—I had put them into the window about two hours previously, and the window was perfect a quarter of an hour before—these are my uncle's property.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. What occasion had you to see the window a quarter of an hour before? A. I had been lighting the gas, and we frequently look at the window to see that all is right—I saw it safe when we sat down to tea at six o'clock—I do not know at what time Bush came.





JOSEPH BUSH
 I live at No 11, St. James-terrace, Sun Tavern-fields, and am a tailor. I was passing Mr. Storer's umbrella shop about half-past six o'clock—I saw the prisoners—Walker passed three umbrellas to Noise—I observed to my friend that they had stolen these umbrellas from that shop-Walker turned and looked at me—he went into a beer-shop—I went after Noise, still keeping my eye on him—I followed him to Ratcliff-street, and told the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen either of them before? A. No—I was with Mr. Fox going home—I work for Mr. Wallis, in Charles-street—I worked for him a month ago—I have met with an accident, and go to the hospital—I was in front of the shop, abreast of the prisoners—I was not able to hold them—I had my arm on Mr. Fox—I was very lame at the time—Walker went into the beer-shop after he took them, and he came out again and stood on the step—he looked me hard in the face, walked into the public-house, came to the door, and stood peeping there while I was beckoning Mrs. Stoddart out—he did not go away with Noise—when Noise was taken, Walker came by Ratcliff-street—I said, "That is the other man," and he was taken—he asked what it was for—I told him it was for some umbrellas—he

said, "I know nothing about it, it is very hard I should be taken."

Noise. Q. What did you see of me? A. When I stood at Mr. Storer's door, you walked on with the three umbrellas, crossed the road, and went through the cab-stand, and when you came to Ratcliff-street, you went to a convenience near a public-house, placed the umbrellas there, and came away—I told the policeman, and gave him the umbrellas from the place.

Noise. This man was fifty or sixty yards from the place, in another street; how is it possible he could see me place anything in the place of convenience?





DAVID FOX
 I am a carpenter. I was with Bush—I saw Walker hand the three umbrellas to Noise—Noise went away, and Bush followed—I am sure the prisoners are the persons.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen Walker before? A. No—it was perfectly light—there was a light from the window—I did not see Walker taken—I went the other side of the cab-stand, thinking I might see the prisoner that way—after Walker gave the umbrellas up, he went into the beer-shop—when I came from the shop-door, I lost sight of him—I never saw anything more of him till he was in custody—Bush went after Noise—I stopped at the door till Mrs. Stoddart came out.





CHARLES POTTSE
 (police-constable K 212.) Bush pointed out to me where he had seen Noise put the umbrellas—I took Noise—I found the umbrellas on the spot Bush pointed out—these are them.

Noise's Defence. When I stood at the comer of the street, I saw two women; I was looking at them; the policeman came and took me; I was standing some yards from the convenience; the witness said, "He put them up there somewhere, and he is gone up there."





JOHN LEE
 (police-constable N 179.) I produce a certificate of Noise's former conviction, by the name of Thomas Brown—(read—Convicted. 21st 1844, hating been before convicted—confined Noise is the person—this is the fourth time he has been here.

NOISE—


GUILTY
 Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


WALKER—


GUILTY
 Aged 24.—



Confined Nine Months.

