



218. 




WILLIAM PLUMMMER



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Hilton, at 
Lambeth, and stealing therein 1 sovereign; 10 half-crowns, 4 shillings, and 6 sixpences; his moneys.






FRANCES HILTON.
 I am the wife of William Hilton, of 25, Windmill-street, Acre-lane, in the parish of Lambeth; it is his dwelling-house. The prisoner worked for me twelve months ago, sometimes for half a day—on Wednesday morning, 17th Nov., I left home about nine o'clock, leaving my husband at home—when I got outside I saw the prisoner near my pales—I went to Lambeth workhouse, and returned about half-past twelve—my husband was at home, and let me in—he said we had been robbed—I found the room all in confusion, a desk was broken open, and a sovereign wrapped in paper, some half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences, 52s. altogether, gone—they had been safe when I went out—a chisel which belongs to my husband, and was kept in the back wash-house, was in the desk—the prisoner knew where it was kept—he knew where every nail in the house was—he had not been in the house for twelve months.





WILLIAM HILTON.
 I recollect my wife going out last Wednesday—after she was gone I went out—I bolted and locked the front door, and went out at the back door—I did not see anybody come until my wife came—when I went to open the door for her I found it broken open—I had seen the prisoner that morning about eight o'clock, just opposite my garden.





WILLIAM JESSE
 (policeman, P 138.) About two o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, in consequence of hearing what had happened, I went to the prosecutor's house—I found the back-door had been forced open, and the staple drawn—the desk was also forced open with an iron chisel, which was in it—it exactly corresponded with the marks where it had been forced—I went through the washhouse-door into the garden, and there found footmarks on the path leading from the side-gate to the back-door—I went in search of the prisoner, and found him between one and two o'clock next morning, in bed, at his father's house—I told him I wanted him for robbing poor old Mrs. Hilton again—he said, Oh, that was all right, for he had not been from his poor old father three minutes all day, and his mother said the same—I searched the house, but found nothing—I observed his boots, and thought they corresponded with the footmarks I had seen in the prosecutor's garden—I took them next day, and compared them—I had covered over the marks with garden saucers—I put the boot down into the mark—I looked at them before doing so, and saw they exactly agreed—they are peculiar boots—the

toe-plates are off, and on one of the boots there are four nails across—I produce them—they have not been soled by a regular shoemaker, but cobbled up—I am sure they corresponded with the marks before I applied them.





THOMAS LOCK.
 I live at 22, Windmill-street—I saw the prisoner on 17th Nov., between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, standing against some posts near Hilton's house—he walked off towards some buildings near there—I saw him again in the afternoon at those buildings.




GUILTY.** Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

