




1460. 




THOMAS WILLIAMS
 and 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 were indieted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



David Barnett, about three in the night of the 
17th of June, at 
St. Botolph without Aldgate, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 18 pairs of trowsers, value 5l. 10s.; 5 jackets, 3l.; and a flannel shirt, 2s. 6d.; his property; and that they had both been previously convicted of felony.


MR. BRIERLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






DAVID BARNETT
. I am a clothier, and live at 14, Upper East Smithfield On Wednesday morning, the 18th of June, on coming down, about half-past

seven o'clock, I missed eighteen or nineteen pairs of trowsers, five jackets, a red shirt, and some other things—I found one pair of trowsers lying in the yard—I went to bed at half-past eleven o'clock the night before, and left everything fastened except my back window—that was shut, but not fastened—my servant came down before me—she is not here—I found it shut when I came down.





ELIZA CARROLL
. I am an unfortunate woman, and live in Moneybagalley, Blue Anchor-yard. On the 18th of June, about half-past four o'clock in the morning, I heard a great scuffling in my passage—it awoke me—I got out of bed to see what it was, and I saw the two prisoners in my back yard with a bundle, which they were tying up in a red flannel shirt—I went and awoke my friend.





MART ANN LEWIS
. On the morning of the 18th of June I was in bed—Carroll called me up—I looked into the back yard, and saw the two prisoners with a bundle and a number of trowsers—I called out to Carroll, "Lookhere," and as soon as I spoke the prisoners looked up at me—I suppose they heard me—they tied the things up in a red shirt—I am quite rare they are the persons—I had never seen them before, to my recollection.

John Williams. It is false—she knows me very well. Witness. I did not.





MARGARET COLEBUTT
. On the 18th of June I happened to go to the watercloset at No. 3, Money-bag alley, Rosemary-lane, and picked up five bits of paper, or tickets—I did not see the prisoners in the house—they do not lite there—the street door is left open because there are so many lodgers—they could get into the back yard or into the water-closet—it joins the passage—this is not near the prosecutor's house.





ROBERT THORPE
 (police-constable H 155.) Colebutt came to me on the 18th of June, about eight o'clock at night, and brought me these five tickets—I afterwards went and found this ticket in the back yard.





EDWARD ORAMS
 (police-sergeant H 18.) I apprehended Thomas Williams at No. 1, Christopher-court, Rosemary-lane, about half-past two o'clock on Saturday morning, 21st June—I told him I wanted him for a robbery at Mr. Barnett's, in Upper East Smitbfleld—he said, "I know nothing about it"—after being locked up at the station he told me where I could find Butcher, which is the name John Williams goes by—in consequence of that I went and apprehended John Williams at the place where I was directed, upwards of a mile from where I took the other prisoner—whan I took Thomas I told him what I took him for—he said he knew nothing about it—he afterwards called me to the cell door and voluntarily told me that the things were taken to a marine store shop in Rosemary-lane, kept by a person named Cohen—I went there, told the party the nature of my visit, and with his permission searched the premises, but found nothing—it was three days after the robbery—there is no one here from Cohen's—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Botolph Without, Aldgats.





THOMAS ARNOLD
 (police-constable H 127.) On the 18th of June, about half-paet three o'clock in the morning I saw Thomas Williams in company with a person named Murphy, in Rosemary-lane—he went down Blue Anchor-yard—I apprehended Murphy—he was discharged—when I went into the station-house on the Saturday morning, Thomas Williams called me into the cell and said, "These two women have come it against me, because I would not give them anything out of it for some gin; they are as bad as I was, for they wanted me to bring the property up stairs."


Thomas Williams. It is false; I said nothing at all about it; he asked me where Butcher was; I said he lived somewhere down near Bluegatefields, but I did not know where. Witness. Butcher was then in custody.





DAVID BARNETT

re-examined. I know these seven tickets—they have my marks on them, and were on the missing articles—I gave my servant into custody on suspicion of the robbery, finding no marks on the door and she was discharged at the Thames police-office—the things have not been found.

Thomas Williams's Defence. I know nothing about the robbery; I was taken out of bed at three o'clock.

John Williams's Defence. I know nothing about the robbery; I waa taken out of bed at half-past four o'clock on Saturday morning.





EDWARD ORAMS

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Thomas's conviction from Clerkenwell Sessions house—(read—Convicted 7th Ocf.,1844, of larceny; confined six months, six weeks solitary)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.





WILLIAM TAPLIN
 (police-constable K 234.) I produce a certificate of John Williams's former conviction from Clerkenwell Sessions-house—(read—Convicted 1st Feb., 1845, of larceny; confined three months—two weeks solitary)—I was present at his trial—he is the person.

THOMAS WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

JOHN WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Ten Years.

