



811. 




GEORGE REASON
 was indicted

, for that he on the 
6th of Jan., and a certain man, whose name is unknown, in and upon 



Mary Collins, feloniously did make an assault, putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and feloniously did rob and steal from her person, and against her will, 1 frying-pan, value 1s. 6d.; and 1s.; her property; and immediately before, at the time of, and immediately after the said robbery, did beat, strike, and use personal violence to her: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY COLLINS
. I am single, and live in Tyer's-street, Vauxhall. On the 6th of Jan. I had been at work at Camberwell New-road—when I came out about seven or eight o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner and another, whom I do not know, in the street—I had a basket on my head, and a frying-pan—the prisoner put his arms round me, and pushed me against the gate in the road—I went in and waited a little while till I thought they were gone—I then went on, and saw them again—they used very bad language, and as I got to Kennington-oval, they came up to me—the other one laid he would rip my b—y guts open—he put an open knife against my breast—he took it out, opened it, and put it against my breast—he said something about money, but I was frightened and do not know what he said—he then dropped the knife, and kicked me violently in the lower part of the belly—it gave me so much pain, I could not stand upright—he then held me, while the prisoner gave me two or three blows in the side, and then kicked me—he

snatched the basket from me, and looked into it—he threw it back to me—there was not anything worth while in it—he then snatched the frying-pan from me, and rolled me in the mud—he put his hand into my pocket—I said, "Don't rob me"—he struck me again between the shoulders—he said, "You old b—, I have done for you"—they then ran away round the Oval—I felt in my pocket directly, and missed a shilling, which I know was safe after they first spoke to me—I was going round the Oval, and saw the other man—he whistled, and then called, "Punch, it is all right"—the prisoner then came up and joined the other man—the prisoner saw me, and said, "You old b—, I thought I had done for you"—then they went away together.

Prisoner. I know nothing about it. Witness. I am certain he is the man if I were to die this minute—I am well known in Lambeth—I had never seen him before.

Prisoner. On the 31st of Jan. I came down Kennington-lane; this woman came and said, "That is Punch, I think it is him; "she said I took a fryingpan out of her hand, and lifted up her gown, took a shilling out of her pocket, and then she said I took a basket out of her hand; there was nothing in it, and I threw it at her, and she said the other one did nothing to her; I was remanded four times, and she never came, and said nothing till last Monday; I do not know her at all.





THOMAS FARMER WHITCOMB
 (police-constable L 89.) I took the prisoner—I showed him and three others to Collins, and she identified him as being the person who robbed her—she said he had sore eyes, and she picked him out—he goes by the name of Punch.


Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it; I think the policeman has put it into her head, to get a few shillings; because I go by the name of Punch, if there is anything done, I am to be taken for it.





SAMUEL HOCKADAY
 (police-constable L 10.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction by the name of James Purdy—(read—Convicted 3rd Feb., 1845, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, 30TH OF MARCH.
