



594. 




WILLIAM BAILEY
 was indicted

for feloniously forging, on the 
9th of Sept., at 
St. Margaret, Westminster, a certain promissory note for the payment of 2,875l., with intent to defraud 



Robert Smith, since deceased.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to defraud 



James Smith.—3rd COUNT, for uttering the same, knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud the said 



James Smith.—4th and 5th Counts, stating his intent to be to defraud 



James Smith and others.—6th COUNT, for uttering the same, with intent to defraud the said 



Robert Smith, since deceased.—6 other COUNT, setting out the instrument.


MESSRS. HUMFREY, CHAMBERS, and
BALLANTINE
Conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT BENJAMIN WHEATLEY
. I am deputy associate of the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas. I was present at the sittings after Trinity Term during part of the trial of the cause "Bailey against Smith," upon a promissory note for the sum of 2,875l.—it lasted two days—after

the trial certain documents were impounded, and placed in my hands—I have them here—I produce a promissory note marked A, for 2,875l. a receipt marked B, an "I O U," marked C, a letter marked D, and a book marked E, indorsed "Private cash account"—I was present part of the time that the prisoner Dr. Bailey was examined.





ROBERT HOOPER TOLCHER
. I am a short-hand writer. I attended the trial of "Bailey against Smith," on the 8th and 9th of July last, in the Court of Common Pleas—I took short-hand notes of the whole of the trial—the prisoner was examined as a witness—I recollect several documents being handed to him while being examined—one was a promissory note—I took down the evidence he gave respecting that promissory note—I afterwards wrote it out—this is a correct transcript of my notes.

Portions of the evidence given by the prisoner were here read, of which the following is a narrative:—"I am a clergyman of the Established Church, and a graduate of Trinity College, Dublin. I am officiating at present at St. Peter's, Queen-square, Westminster—I have had that church three years last Oct.—I am licensed by the Bishop of London to serve that church—I am the brother of the plaintiff Miss Bailey—my father lived at Belfast—he died in June, 1841—I had been acquainted with Robert Smith the intestate nearly for the last ten years—my father gave me a letter of introduction to him when I first came to London—some money transactions took place between us—this memorandum will prove when—there were none before that—yes, there was one item that occurred between him and me—he gave me 60l.—he lent me 60l. in 1832—it was repaid by my father—I first saw Mr. Robert Smith relating to my sister's money shortly after I came to London, in 1808—I was away from London prior to 1838—I was at Tun bridge Wells several years—I had communication with him as to my sister's property, not in Tunbridge Wells, after I came to London in 1838—I was absent on several occasions between 1832 and 1838, at Tunbridge Wells principally—in the year 1838, I was directed both by my sister and father, to make inquiries as to an investment for her, principally by my sister—I mentioned to Mr. Smith that my sister intended to come to London to reside here, and that she had several monies she wished to have invested in town, and wished to have his advice as to the best mode of investing them, especially in reference to government securities—he replied, 'that he himself would be her banker, as my sister and her father knew his opulence, and his wealth, and his safety'—that is what be said, and he would give her more for the monies than government—he recommended at the same time that a rentcharge should be purchased for her on some property in London, and he promised to look out carefully for a suitable rent-charge, and such monies as she deposited in his hands would be immediately forthcoming when such a rentcharge was found—I communicated the matter to my sister—she assented to the proposal, and the monies were then almost immediately forthcoming, and shortly, very shortly afterwards, the monies came gradually—I paid monies to him from her—an account was kept of that, both by myself and Mr. Robert Smith—this is the account book I had—in 1838, Nov. 5th, 550l. was advanced—1839, Aug. 1st, 450l.—1840, June 1st, 1200l.—1841, Jan. 10th, 500l., and on Aug. 12th, 1841, 175l.—the 175l. was the last, that consisted of a small sum of money I paid into his hands, and a further sum as interest which he paid me, and which I refunded to him—32l. 7s. 2d. was cash, and 142l. 12s. 10d. the interest—that I paid back to him to be considered as principal—that makes up a sum of 2,875l. altogether—(looking at the 'I O U,') the morning this was executed, I saw Mr. Smith at my own house—it was the 12th of Aug. 1841—that was the day I paid the 175l.—we had

a settlement, according to this memorandum book—he signed the settlement—he kept a book—I am aware that corresponding entries were made in his book—I saw them, and his book is similarly signed—when this settlement took place he said my sister should hare a security—he said he would give my sister a written security—he expressed himself as being in a hurry then, but said, as there was service in chapel on that evening, he would bring it to me there ready—I attended the chapel on that day, and saw Smith—it was Thursday, the 12th of Aug.—I saw him in my vestry—he came into the vestry, and gave me this, saying, that he had written an acknowledgment for my sister's money—being disappointed as to the nature of the security, I made some objection to it, to the omission of the interest at 4 per cent. as arranged that morning, and I think I also mentioned I expected there would have been a bond—he then expressed some anger at any doubt being cast upon him—this is not on a stamp—I think I also mentioned that there was no stamp—it all occurred in five minutes' time, before the service, consequently it was hurried—he also added that from my personal knowledge of the whole transaction, no written security was necessary—he said it would give validity to it if the gentleman, the clergyman who was present, and myself would put our names to it—that was Mr. Nickson—Mr. Nickson was there on duty—he preached for me that evening—he attested it at Mr. Smith's request—we both attached our names—these are our signatures—this is his, and this is mine—(pointing to them)—I saw Mr. Robert Smith two or three times after that—the first time, as a friend in London advised me them I urged upon him to give a bond—that was in about a week or a few days after—I personally saw him—he did not seem to like my request for the bond—he would not give a direct negative—he said be would give, as he had done before, a promissory note, and he gave me this, the note in question—he brought the stamp, without any writing upon it, to my house, on the morning of the 9th of Sept.—at his request I wrote the promissory note, and the later passage at his own dictation—the latter passage is 'with 4 per cent. interest thereon from the above-mentioned date, for value received by me in cash advanced by her on loan to me at different periods, as by settlement this day'—I wrote those words at his dictation—he signed it in my presence—I asked him to have some other person present to sign it—he said he did not wish to divulge his affairs to the world, and at his request I signed my name as a witness—a small balance of interest was paid then—the arrears of interest that was due on this 'I O U'—I have a memorandum of the sum—it was 8l. 9s. 6d. I again spoke to him about the bond—he said he would give a letter by which he would bind himself to give it if required—he was again in a hurry, but said if I would write him a letter giving him instructions what to write he would certainly sign it—I wrote a letter, this is it—it is entirely according to Mr. Smith's instructions—I wrote a letter for him, and sent it by the penny or twopenny post, saying on the fly leaf, that I had an engagement in that district in that part that evening, and I would call on him about seven o'clock—in the course of the evening I did call—he handed it to me at his door ready signed—I adverted to a mortgage, but he said he would sooner throw up my sister's money altogether than be annoyed with mortgages Mr. Robert Smith was not often in the habit of attending my chapel—he did occasionally—he was not a stated member of my congregation—I do not know the very day he died, it was some time in Sept—Mr. Nickson is dead—he died about the same period of time, I cannot say to a day, I think the latter end of Sept., or the commencement of Oct.—there is the attestation.

Cross-examination by
SIR THOMAS WILDE. Q. Do I understand you, Sir, that this is the handwriting of Mr. Smith, besides the signature in this book,

or is it the signature only? A. Only the signature—there is no part of this note the handwriting of Mr. Smith, except the signature—the substance of this 'I O U,' the signature, and the amount, all except the attestation and "We, the undermentioned," is his handwriting—the whole of the upper part is his handwriting—no part below that where I have doubled down, is his writing—the body of this 'I O U' is Mr. Smith's writing, that is, he brought it to me as his writing—that at the bottom is my own and Mr. Nickson's writing—the letter dated the '9th of Sept.,' is all my handwriting, except the signature—I sent it by the post, and he gave it to me at his door—he had taken the post-mark off, the fly-leaf, himself—he gave it me so—I took my doctor's diploma in the July of last year—I have known Mr. Smith about ten years—I was not very often at his house—he was chiefly at mine—he was several times, very often, at my house—I said I came to live in London in October, but I remember it was rather earlier than that—in the preceding month, in Sept. 1838—Mr. Smith kept no front shop, no outward shop in the street, no external shop—he lived at No. 12, Great St. Andrew-street, Seven-dials—in appearance he was rather taller than myself—his hair nearly white, rather bald, emaciated, and thin—I should say he was exceedingly mean in his appearance and dress—I should say he certainly was not gentleman-like in his dress—I should say he was rather mean—I cannot remember any person who ever saw me at his house besides me and my sisters—my servants have seen him at my house—I cannot mention many of their names, because there are not many, but there is one Caroline Laxton, she has been in my service, and has returned to it again—she was in my service about a year, or better than a year ago—she came about a year and a half ago—she remained a few months—I cannot say exactly, perhaps six months, as nearly as I can speak to it—she is now with us—she returned, I think, about three months ago—since this cause has been in existence—I have understood she is here—I do not know from whom I got her character—I do not know those matters myself—it is Mrs. Bailey attends to them—I have no doubt some competent person, but I do not know—I do not know where she lived during the interval of her absence—I remember she lived with a barrister, I forget his name—my acquaintance is not so extensive with barristers, that I forget his name—he lives in one of the squares—I never saw him—you asked me where this person bad lived, I beard from Mrs. Bailey, that she lived in a barrister's family—there is another person who saw us in company, Mrs. Grey, a surgeon's lady, who lives in the Borough, I do not know what part exactly, I think it is Henry-street—I do not know where—I know her, she attends my chapel occasionally—she saw Mr. Smith in the vestry of my chapel, and she saw him at my chapel, generally, I believe—she has told me so some months ago—I understood her to say she knew him to speak to him—she knew who he was—she told me that some months ago—I did not make inquiry of her if she knew Mr. Smith—she mentioned it in my family—I think it was to Mils Walker, a member of my family, Mrs. Bailey's sister—Mrs. Grey is here—I am not sure, but I think she has said she has seen him at his house—Mr. Smith was a very well-informed man—he was something in the iron-trade, which I saw when I got into the house—I have been in the front room, the parlour I suppose it is called—there is a parlour in front—I am very unobserving of furniture—I remember a glass front to a bookcase in the room, indented in the wall—his first transaction with me was his lending me 60l.—I do not know anything of his private affairs or of his habits—he was penurious—I cannot say whether such a man is in the habit of lending money—I do not remember whether I gave him any security—the 60l. was for some purchases of books I had made—I do not think I did give him any

security, it may have been an acknowledgment, I cannot remember—I quite forget it—he lent me the whole in sovereigns—it was in my hotel where I then was, the Blenheim-hotel in Bond-street—I was staying there alone, I think about a fortnight—that was the first time I had staid at the Blenheimhotel—he gave it me there—he lent it me there—my father, I understood, repaid him immediately afterwards, a few days afterwards—this was ten years ago—I called on him again, when I came to reside in London, in the year 1858—I brought a letter of introduction in 1832—I did not deliver that to him at his house—I think I inclosed it to him, saying I would call at a certain hour the next day, which I did—it was six yean after that visit that I asked his advice about my sister's money—it was a very few days after I came to town, in 1838—my sister was then in Ireland, in Belfast—her money was in Ireland—he recommended that I should invest it in a rentcharge it was at that time he told me that in the meantime he would take the money, and allow me more than the government—I know nothing about what the funds yielded then—I made no comparison—the first advance was Nov. 5th, 1838—my sister remitted the money to me through my father—I gave it to Mr. Smith—I got it from my father as the channel of conveyance of it—the 550l. I advanced on Nov. 5th, 1838, I received from the hands of my father—he was then living at Belfast—he inclosed it to me in a letter—I received it by a remittance—it was in Bank-notes, generally, I think Bank of Ireland—I took no memorandum of them whatever—I have not got the letter covering the remittance—I did not take any particulars of what the notes were which I delivered to Mr. Smith—not of how much were Bank of England, and how much were Bank of Ireland, or the amounts; no particulars whatever—I handed Mr. Smith over the identical notes precisely as I received them—he adverted to various family things at the time; I cannot remember them—he spoke of his high respect for my father, his knowledge of him, and so forth—I forget what memorandum or security I took in 1838 for the 550l. except by reference to my memorandum-book—I want the memorandum book and 'I O U'—that was delivered up to the late Mr. Smith on the 23rd of Dec., 1889—I received the interest on the sum, which I have already stated, before the next transaction occurred—the first entry was made in this book on Nov. 5th, 1888—this book was begun at the time—the entries were made at the time they purport to bear date—the acknowledgment I took from Smith for the advance of 550l. on Nov. 5th, 1888, was an 'I O U'—on the 23rd of Dec., 1889, he had paid all arrears of interest—there was no interest between Dec., 1839 and Aug.—not between Nov. 5th and Aug. 12th—I received interest on the 28rd of Deo. 1839, and on the 1st of Aug., 1839, I gave him the further sum of 450l.—I got that in the same manner—a remittance by my father to me, by Bank-notes—generally all the monies were Irish, sometimes there were English notes among them—the entries in the book were made from time to time according to the date they bear—they were generally Irish Bank-notes, but some English Bank-notes, and I always handed over the particular monies I received—I took no particulars at the time any more than the former—the voucher I took on that occasion is expressed in the book, an 'I O U'—my sister was in Ireland at the time—this is my writing, with the exception of the signatures—it is, 'In an agreement, this day, Mr. Smith gives Miss Bailey his note, on demand, for the above 1000l. at 4 per cent, and he also paid in cash to her, up to this date, 23rd Dec., 39'—that is the only document—the note is not in existence—it was given up to him—that note was given up on the morning of the day on which I received the 'I O U' from him—the 'I O U' on the separate paper, I think, allow me to look at the book, (looking as it,)

this note of 1000l. mentioned in the memorandum to have been given on the 23rd of December, 1839, was given up on the receipt—the date is the 12th of August, 1841—the note was given on the 23rd of December, 1839, and given up on the 12th of August, 1841—I received the 32l. interest from Mr. Smith I have already adverted to—that is the only amount I have ever received from him—I think I gave him a voucher for that—it was his own book that I signed, a book with a very few leaves, evidently not a book that he used in his business, a book specially for the purpose of my sister's account, not a book of the same character and description as this—it was an 8vo or 12mo size, bound in dirty leather—it contained no entries of other matters than those relating to my sister, that I observed—I received the 32l. interest at the date of that book, in December, 1839—I came to a settlement with him—the book was the only document between us, that I know of—he then put both the 'I O U's there, and the promissory note, I think, it expressed there—the words 'to her' in this promissory note were interlined by me at the time—the arrears of interest were paid to me in cash—I showed him the letters that I had received from my father and sister in reference to this subject—I have not one of those letters now—I should observe that Mr. Smith had had himself some conference with my father on the subject, but I do not know what; some correspondence, I should say—Mr. Smith corresponded with my father—his letters are not in existence, that I am aware of—I think I should know his handwriting, I am not sure, I should be pretty sure of it—my recollection has always continued the same on the subject—the next transaction is 1st June, 1840, that is, 'To cash to Mr. Smith, on his note to pay 4 per cent, interest, 1200l.'—I got that money in the same way as the preceding, a remittance from my father by letter, partly by Irish and partly by English Bank notes—no particulars were taken—I always handed them to Mr. Smith in my own house—all the money I advanced to him was in my own house—I think the book says the voucher I took for that sum was a promissory note—(looking at the book)—yes, his note—another note for 1200l.—that was handed up, returned to Mr. Smith the same day as the 'I O U' of 1841, the last one, was given—that was on the 12th of August, 1841—I counted the Bank notes I handed to him—the Irish and English Bank notes I handed over to him precisely amounted to the sum I have mentioned—I never got one of the Irish notes changed, and what proportion was English and what Irish I cannot tell—they came to me in halves, by two remittances, a half at each time—I pinned them together—I never put my name on the back of any of the notes—I never thought of it at all—I cannot tell you the amount of any one of the Irish notes forming the 1200l.—they were all large sums—the general sum was a 100l. note—the next transaction was on the 1st of January, 1841, entered in the book in this way, 'To cash to Mr. Smith, on his 'I O U,' to pay 4 per cent, interest, 500l.'—I had an 'I O U' that was returned in the same way—we came to an adjustment on August the 12th—it took place at my house—my sister was at that time in Ireland—I met him a few days after that settlement, as I was going in the direction of the British Museum—the date when we met specifically for business is given there, according to this book, the 9th of September—we had a settlement on the 12th of August, 1841—we next met to transact business on the date of the promissory note, the 9th of September—the settlement took place on the 12th of August at my house—I next saw him in the evening, to get the 'I O U'—we met in the vestry-room—the name of the friend in London who advised me to require a bond is Mr. Payne, he is now dead—I am sure of that—he was a private gentleman, he lived in Jermyn-street—he resided there constantly for years

—he died some time last August—he was not a professional man—he was a private friend of my own—I did not advise with any professional man about the security for these large sums for my sister—the promissory note was given at my own house in the morning, and the 'I O U' in the vestry in the evening, at different dates, as expressed in the documents themselves—I suggested that a more pleasing security should be given than an 'I O U,' and he consented to give the promissory note—the 'I O U' was retained when the promissory note was given—I suppose that must have been through an inadvertency, and besides that, here is the letter of the 9th of September—no person was actually present in the room with me on any of the occasions when I paid any of this money, though I have learned since there was one in an adjoining room—I cannot say there was any one present who saw me pay the money—I have adverted to a circumstance, which I presume will come out in evidence, that there was a person present in an adjoining room, there being folding-doors, so as to hear what passed—that was the maid-servant, Laxton, who I have spoken of—she heard what passed—she did not hear through the folding-doors—I believe they were open, as 1 have expressed myself—she was, in fact, in the back part of the room, which communicated by foldingdoors, and they were open, so that I should suppose she had a perfect opportunity of seeing all that patted—she said so—I was then living at No. 7, Lower Grosvenor-place—it was in the back room I paid the money—she was in the front room—the sums I have mentioned were paid at my different residences—I saw Mr. Smith a very few days before his death—I think ten days, perhaps—I have a doubt of any person's handwriting, except I acutually see them write, but I cannot say I have ever felt any doubt in my own mind of Smith's handwriting—I applied to several persons, after Mr. Smith's death, to see his handwriting; one person I particularly remember, a Mr. Bealby—I borrowed papers of him in order to see Mr. Smith's handwriting—perhaps I may have aaid to Mr. Bealby that he was an illiterate man—I adverted to the rumours that were about him—I never told him I understood Mr. Smith could not write his name, not in so many words—upon my solemn oath. I could not have said in any form of expression that I understood Mr. Smith I could not write his name—I have not seen Mr. Bealby in Court to-day—I did not say to him that I understood Mr. Smith was an eccentric man who had left a large fortune; that he was a very extraordinary man, and could not write his own name, nor to that effect—I have no recollection of expressing surprise on Mr. Bealby telling me he could write his name, for he had done business with him, and had got his writing in his possession—I will positively swear I did not—I did not say to him in effect I should like to see his handwriting as a cariosity—I asked him purposely for his handwriting, as I have in other instances—Mr. Bealby, at my request, fetched down papers in his handwriting—I told him I wished to show them to a friend, not as a curiosity, but, I think I said, to test his signature—I did not say a word about having his handwriting—I hinted at having knowledge of Mr. Smith, and I said that a relation of mine had many transactions with him, in a very general and superficial way—I asked him for the papers to show to a friend, but not as a curiosity—I kept the paper that he lent me with the handwriting upon it a very few days, perhaps two or three days—I did not Speak of Mr. Smith as a person utterly unknown to me except as an eccentric character from public report—I kept the papers a very short time, two or three days, I should think; it might be another day—I returned them immediately—this is one of the papers I borrowed of him with the signature—he showed me this other, at least he showed me something like it—I cannot say it is the precise one I borrowed—I showed them to Miss Walker, my sister-in-law, and a

Mr. Brown, a clergyman—he lived off Oxford-street, in a street leading out of Oxford-street, I cannot remember the name of the street—he was not a clergyman fixed in London, he was staying for some time on a visit in town, an old friend of my family, to whom I mentioned all the circumstances—he is a clergyman without any office—I cannot tell where he is to be found—he is an Irish clergyman, I think, of the University of Dublin—perhaps he is in England perhaps at Cheltenham now—last January was the last time I saw him—it was at my own house—he is a person of independent fortune, has no fixed residence, and has not had for many years—he is not attached to the University except as an ordinary graduate—I do not know at the present time when is his residence, except at Cheltenham—I have not seen him since last January—I have not corresponded with him—I showed him the paper in my own parlour, and at the same time showed him these papers, the documents of my sister—he recommended me to look at the writing, in consequence of something particular he had observed in the documents themselves—it was in January I saw him last—I saw him on the 10th of Oct. in the last year, when that circumstance occurred of showing him the different documents—he recommended mended me to get some other handwriting, because there was something particular in the documents; if you must know it, it was a discrepancy he observed in the signatures, between the 'I O U' and the memorandum—book; I mean a discrepancy in the three signatures, the signature of the 'I O U' and the two signatures in this book—I was consulting with him on the matter, what should be done—he asked to see the documents I then had in my possession—he himself remarked the discrepancy—he recommended me to go to several places, and, if possible, to get what was certainly his real signature, to see if he varied bis handwriting, to get his acknowledged handwriting—I went to several people for it; I do not think I can remember their names—very recently I have inquired of a Mr. Gibbons, of Mornington-crescent, where his property is—at the time when my friend wanted to compare them I went into two or three shops, as an urgent case, to know if they had any commercial transactions with the late Mr. Smith—I went in as a stranger to strangers—I remember I went into an iron-shop in Seven Dials, but I cannot remember the name of any person I applied to, further than that I did go into two or three shops at Mr. Brown's suggestion—the person said he knew nothing about him, and had nothing to do with him—I applied to Mr. Gibbons, of Mornington-crescent, and through him to Mr. Lewis—I am quite sure I got no other handwriting, after the death, than these documents—I got no specimens of Mr. Smith's handwriting but from Mr. Bealby—Mr. Gibbons is a private gentleman in Mornington-crescent—he lives there now—I do not know who Mr. Lewis is—I got Mr. Gibbons to apply to Mr. Lewis—I referred to him in the same way—I said to Mr. Gibbons, or rather to his family, for I did not see himself, that it was very desirable to have as many documents as possible—I got none from Mr. Gibbons—his daughter applied to Mr. Lewis—I know nothing of Mr. Lewis, except as Mr. Gibbons's family mentioned him as a gentleman of high respectability—I cannot tell who he is, except a private gentleman, for I never saw him—he lives at No. 12, I think Crescent-place is the name, round the corner of Mornington-crescent—I applied to Mr. Gibbons on that subject a few days ago—I have not personally made applications for specimens of his handwriting between the time of my application to Mr. Bealby and my application to Mr. Gibbons—the solicitor in the cause has—I always wrote to my father how I disposed of my sister's money, lent to Smith—I have not one of the letters which I wrote to him, stating such a transaction—my father died in June last year, I am one of his executors—I did not see any of my letters to my father, telling him I had lent Mr. Smith my sister's money—my father left an immense mass of general correspondence, but I did not see any among

them connected with this affair—my sister was living in the same house with my father—the gentleman who advised me to get the handwriting, when in London, had apartments in an hotel, in the neigbourhood of Oxford-street, I do not know where exactly—I never called on him—I seldom called on clergymen who call on me in town, for I should have nothing else to do—I have mentioned he was an old friend of the family—I did not call on him on the last visit, certainly—I have called upon him at Webb's Hotel in Piccadilly, but not the last time—I did not call on him at that hotel in January—it was somewhere in Oxford-street, or its immediate neighbourhood, where he was stopping, in October—during all this, I never thought of advising with any professional man at all, as to the validity of my documents, or as to the proper security to take for my sister—my sister has always been in Ireland, with the exception of visits to England—I have no correspondence of my sister or any of the family, in which I mentioned having lent money to Mr. Smith—I wrote to my sister once about this matter, about the matter being put into the present solicitor's hands—I think I have already observed, that I did write to her about calling on Mr. Smith, and that the money was to be put into his hands—I cannot produce any such letter (I wrote to my father) my sister has either mislaid or destroyed the letter I wrote to her in Ireland—I have stated, according to my note-book, how much of the 175l. I paid to Mr. Smith in August—I paid him 32l. 7s. 2d. in positive cash—the difference between 175l. and 32l. was the interest he paid me—he paid me in sovereigns, at my own house—I think he had a purse—I did not observe—he paid them to me, and I handed them back again—he counted them down to me—as my father was dead, I got the money for that from my sister—when I was in Ireland, she wished to have some little matters in London connected with her mourning, and she gave me 50l. in sovereigns—I cannot say that thirty-two of those identical sovereigns were paid over to Mr. Smith, for I had money of my own—I returned from Ireland on the 1st of August—I did not give my sister tiny voucher for that 50l.—I cannot say that 1 wrote to her to tell her I had adjusted her concerns with Mr. Smith, and had got his note for 2,875l.—I inclosed that promissory note in a letter to her, but I think I hardly mentioned or adverted to the fact—I know I transmitted it to her—she has not got the letter that conveyed this note from England, so as to show it existed at that time—that was one of the first posts after the 9th of Sept.—I only sent her this note—I do not remember that she answered, acknowledging the receipt, except that she had received my letter of such a date—I have not that answer—she was writing to me almost every day about family matters, and no doubt I was in my mind satisfied, from her adverting to the receipt of a letter of such a date—I do not say literally I did not mention that I had sent it, but I keep no copies of letters—it is very likely I said, 'Inclosed is Mr. Smith's note'—very likely I did—my sister came to England in the latter end of January, or the commencement of February, in this present year—I wrote to her to return the note—that letter is not in existence—she inclosed it immediately—that letter is not in existence—I have looked carefully for all those letters, but I could not find it—I looked for it immediately upon hearing of the death of Mr. Smith, it being necessary, I conceived, to demand the money—I think I got it back by return of post—I do not know whether Mr. Smith kept large sums of money by him—he never adverted at all to his private affairs, except that he generally spoke of his opulence, his properties—I heard of the fact of Mr. Smith's death, I believe, the next day—I did not read it in the newspaper—I was passing through that street, and I noticed some persons at the door, I was attracted by their manner and conversation, went and stopped for a moment, and they told me that the old man who had

lived there was dead, and I learned that he had died, I think it was on the preceding day, ox two days—it was the latter end of September last year—the late Miss Walker and my father knew Mr. Smith, and have seen me in his company—I have already mentioned one female, who saw him at the chapel, and the servant in my own house—those are the only persons that I remember, Q. Was the clerk there when you went to the vestry? did the clerk see you? A. Oh that has brought it fresh to my memory—I forgot the woman of my chapel—the chapel woman saw him, to know him—she saw him in my company—her name is Mrs. Lee."

" Re-examination by
MR. SERGEANT CHANNE L. Q. Now, you have been asked certain questions with reference to an application you made to Mr. Bealby? A. Yes, I have told you every thing I can that passed between me and Mr. Bealby—I cannot say when I first applied to him—I took no record of the fact at all—it was after the solicitor in the cause was instructed to proceed—I cannot remember the date, some time I should say in the count of October—when I gave the solicitor instructions to proceed, I placed the documents in his hands—I cannot say to a week how long after that I applied to Mr. Bealby, from my not taking any record of the date, but I have a thorough recollection it was after the suit was commenced, after the solicitor had been instructed—upon my father's death I went to Ireland, and staid there with my sister two months, in the same house—part of the time I was in Dublin—I had an opportunity of seeing her from day to day—she was my father's executrix—the other executor has not acted—my father left a great mass of correspondence of a general character—I saw that in various parts when I was in Belfast—I have had no means of looking over it since I left Belfast—I arrived in town on the 1st of August—I have not seen the correspondence since."





HENRY COX HIPPISLEY JUSTINS
. I am clerk to Mr. Flower, the attorney for the prosecution. I was present at the trial, before Lord Chief Justice Tindal, when Dr. Bailey was examined—this, marked "C," is the "I O U" produced by Dr. Bailey, and this "A" is the promissory note he produced—this is the letter and book "D" and "E," produced at the trial.





JOHN BEALBY
. I live in Little Queen-street, Holborn, and am a builder. I was acquainted with the late Robert Smith for thirty-five or thirty-six years—I remember his death—I buried him—I knew Dr. Bailey before that—I had restored his chapel, which was damaged by fire, for the fire-office, and became acquainted with him in that way—he called on me, I cannot my what time, but I am satisfied it was very soon after Smith's death—he introduced himself, as far as I can remember, relative to a little bill he owed me for work I had done at his own house—he then said, "You have heard of the miser's death in the paper?"—I said, "Yes, I happened to bury bim"—he said something to this effect, "Why, the paper says he left 400,000l. behind him, and I believe he could not write his own name"—I said, "Yes, sir, that is wrong, for I had known him many years, and I thought 40,000l. nearer the mark; I was surprised at the report in the paper; and I said as to writing he could write as well as himself or me—I took a book off my table, and showed him his writing in it for twenty years—I suppose it was a memorandum-book—the Dr. went more fully into the character of Smith, and I was disposed to give him an account of his character, life, and behaviour; I said he was a very singular character, that I was indebted to him between 4l. and 5l., and it was only a few days before he died that I paid him; that when Mr. Smith was indebted to me 200l., I could not get the money, but he said I should work it out, and when the debt came that I owed him 4l. 15s.

he applied for it—the prisoner said, "Have you got that document?"—I said, "Yes"—I took it out of my cupboard, and showed him the receipt and bill—these are them—he said it was a curiosity, would I allow him to take it away?—I allowed him to take them both away—he took them away, and wished me good morning—this is the bill and receipt—it is made out to me—made out to wind up the account—the receipt is in Smith's handwriting—Dr. Bailey kept them one or two days—I think they came back on the third day—I have known Smith thirty-six or thirty-seven years—(looking at the promissory note)—this is certainly not in Mr. Smith's handwriting—the body of the note I will swear is not his handwriting, and the signature I do not consider is his—I will not swear it is not his, but I do not believe it is—I certainly do not believe this "IO U" to be Mr. Smith's handwriting.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you ever swear this conversation was three months after Smith's death? A. Never, nor that I believed so—I never swore to time—I was asked about time, but said on every occasion I could not swear to time—I have never said I thought it was about three months after the death of Mr. Smith that the conversation took place—I never intended to swear any thing of the kind—I could not swear any thing of the kind—I never could recollect the time, and my belief is I never swore it—I never intended to swear it—I am confident I never stated any period—it was put to me over and over again to say a date, but I could not, I never swore to a specified time—it never was my intention in any shape or way to give a time—I will neither swear it was or was not three months after—he said the papers stated the miser died worth 400,000l. and he could not write his name—that I positively swear—he did not say 40,000l.—my remark was 40,000l., for knew his manner, character, and life—I will swear the amount the prisoner named was 400,000l.—it was a long coversation, of about three quarters of an hour—it is impossible for me to say all that took place—400,000l. is the amount I will swear to—the 40,000l. was my remark—I was startled at the amount he named—I will not swear, I have not sworn, he mentioned 40,000l., but 400,000l. is what I intended to convey—I cannot swear how long after Smith's death this conversation was—the impression in my mind is it was very soon after—I will not swear the signature to the promissory note is or is not Smith's writing, but if this was brought to me as a cheque I would not pay it—I can say no more—I am not in the habit of having cheques handed to me, but have very often seen his writing—the signature is very much like his writing indeed—the "Rob" I do not consider is as bis signature is usually signed—the "Sm" I think is very much like it—the whole of "Rob." appears to me not at all his signature—it is not like the character of his writing—I should say the "R" is certainly not formed as his; the formation of the "R" and "b" aie stiffer—the "Robert" altogether does not appear his handwriting—it does not appear the same kind of letters—I cannot tell you the difference exactly, but it does not appear the "Robert" of the deceased—it differs in every respect I consider—if that was taken away from "Smith," I should say it was not his signature at all—the" Robert" is altogether unlike bis writing—I should think every body would see it at once—I should certainly think the signature to the "I O U" is not his neither "Robert" nor "Smith"—I should consider them not at all like it in my shape or way whatever—it is not a good imitation—it is an imitation as for as the number of letters, but in no other way—I do not consider either "Robert" or "Smith" are like his writing—it is some time since I saw Smith write, but I have got his writing, notes and orders from him—I cannot say when I had the last—the receipt was given six or eight weeks before his death—I did not see him sign it—my man went fox the money—I buried Smith in Oct.

MR. HUMFREY. Q. You believe the receipt to be his handwriting? A. Yes

—the man brought it to me—I am confident it is his writing—I have had it over and over again.





JAMES ROBERT BAKER
. I am a stock-broker. I acted as the broker of the late Robert Smith, the last ten years of his life—I made purchases of stock for him—at the time of his death he had stock to the amount of about 14,000l. or 15,000l.—I had many opportunities of seeing his writing, and have seen him write—(looking at the promissory-note)—I cannot say much about the body of this—the signature is something like his, but is not bold enough, I should say—my belief is it is not his—(looking at the "I O U")—I do not believe the signature to this to be at all like his.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you been in the habt of seeing Smith write during the latter part of his life? A. I have—the last time, I should say, was within about six months of his death—I should not say his hand had changed—it was always the same—I should say this receipt is his, to the best of my belief.

Q. Is not the signature to the promissory-note the more bold of the two signatures? A. I can only speak to the best of my belief—I think one is more round—I may not be a judge of boldness—I should say the receipt is most bold—I think the "Robert" and "Smith" in the promissory-note are one as like his as the other.





JOHN WALKER WILKINS
. I am a surveyor of pavements, residing at No. 26, Grove-street, Camden-town. I knew the late Robert Smith about seven years, and was acquainted with his handwriting—I have seen him write—I do not believe the signature to the "I O U" to be his, nor the signature to the promissory-note.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Look at the promissory-note and receipt, should you think the receipt was signed by the deceased? A. They are very much alike—the receipt is like his, and to the best of my belief it is his—there is a sufficient difference between that and the promissory-note for me to believe it is not the same—there is a stiffness, a schoolboyness about the promissory-note, more particularly in the two last parts of the "m" in "Smith"—I do not observe any particular stiffness in "Robert"—I have seen him write several times, but not to have any of his writing, except an agreement—I never saw what he wrote on any occasion, but the agreement—I saw him execute an agreement in 1838.

MR. HUMFREY. Q. On what occasion have you seen him write? A. I have seen Mm write at his own house—I used to call weekly at his house for money, and have seen him write, and seen his writing, which enabled me to form a belief of his handwriting.





WILLIAM IERON
. I am a carpenter and builder, and have a shop in Alfred-mews, Tottenham-court-road. I knew the late Robert Smith, and had transactions with him in business for about four years—I was acquainted with his handwriting—I do not believe the "Robert Smith" to this promissory-note to be his handwriting—I do not believe the signature or any part of the "I O U" to be his handwriting—I was present in the Common Pleas, at the trial of the action of Bailey against Smith, before Lord Chief Justice Tindal, and heard Dr. Bailey examined partly—I heard something stated about the 12th of Aug.—I never knew till then that either of these documents were supposed to have been signed on the 12th of Aug.—I heard Dr. Bailey say something respecting the "I O U" being given on the 12th of Aug., which is my wedding-day—I remembered on the evening of my wedding-day in the Aug. before Smith's death, seeing him about ten minutes before seven o'clock in Stanhope-place, Mornington-crescent, Hampstead road—he was there with me to arrange certain works which were to be executed—I was doing carpenter's and joiner's work for him there—he remained

there with me till about ten minutes to nine—I was in his company that night from ten minutes to seven till ten minutes to nine—I then accompanied him all the way down Hampstead-road to the King's Head, where the omnibuses stand—he was going towards home—we parted as St. Pancras clock struck nine—he was in my company till two minutes after nine—my foreman was there—I think the foreman left about half-past eight.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Look at this promissory-note, is it like Mr. Smith's handwriting? A. No—there is a resemblance—I should say more in the word "Robert" than "Smith"—"Robert" is not very like his—he did not make his R in this way—it is a very bad resemblance—he did not make them in this way, but more round and wider strokes—a bolder and plainer hand—he did not shape his R's in this form—I very often saw him write and sign his name—my wife is not here—I believe the 12th of Aug. was a fine day—I cannot recollect whether it had rained—there was none from ten minutes to seven till after nine—there bad not been a storm with thunder and lightning—I did not get wet through, and change my clothes—I perfectly recollect that—I was out on business, but did not take an umbrella that day—my foreman had been at work that day for Mr. Elliott, at two houses in Glo'ster-road—I dined at home with my wife, nobody else—the workmen had left the building at six—the foreman came there by my orders to meet me and Mr. Smith, to plan the work—I had seen my foreman at Elliott's at twelve o'clock, which is about half-a-mile from Stanhope-place—I went to Stanhope-place on purpose to meet Mr. Smith—I had been in Rutland-place, Hampstead-road, where I was building—it was on Thursday—I have not looked at the almanac to see that—nobody told me it was Thursday—I recollect the day—I have not talked to the foreman about the day—my attention was first called to the 12th of Aug., in the Court of Common Pleas, on the 8th of July, 1842—there was nobody else at Stanhope-place but a little man named Clark, who was taking care of Mr. Smith's houses about there—he is now on the premises—Smith and I were talking about the building and the staircase—we did not go to any public-house—we were not from the buildings and adjoining ground all the time—I did not notice anybody on the ground but Clark—I do not recollect meeting anybody in Hampstead-road—I should say it was dusk before I left the building so that we could not see a line which we were drawing on the boards to plan the staircase—Smith did not get into the omnibus—we did not shake hands on parting—we had no conversation in the foreman's presence, but on business, planning the staircases, sashes and frames, and the height of the principal part of the buildings—Smith and I differed about the plan of the staircase—the foreman was of my opinion—Smith gave in to our plan after a great deal of consultation—he was hard to be persuaded—we were differing about the staircase an hour and a quarter—I made the marks on the board—neither my foreman or Smith made any—the board lay on the floor of the front parlour—the sashes had not been fixed—there was no door to the house—it was quite open—the floor was not laid—I do not choose to say what was Smith's suggestion about the staircase.

MR. HUMFREY. Q. Where were you married? A. At St. George's, Hanover-square—my wife's maiden name was Clara Basin.





EDWARD BYARD
. I am clerk to Mr. Flower. I examined the register of marriages at St. George's, Hanover-square, on the 9th of July, the second morning of the trial—this certificate is a correct copy of the register—(This certifyed that, on the 12th of Aug., 1822, William Hieron was married to Clara Basin.)





JOHN EDDY
. I am a carpenter and joiner, and foreman to Mr. Hieron. I recollect meeting Mr. Robert Smith at a house in Stanhope-place, in 1841—it was in

August, and I judge it to be the 12th, as my employer came and took me from a job to Mr. Smith's job—I got to Stanhope-place from a quarter to seven to seven o'clock—I remained with them an hour and half, till half-past eight—I left them there—Mr. Smith did not go away all the time I was there—I was with them most of the time, till half-past eight.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Had you seen Mr. Smith and you master together before that day? A. Yes, several times before and after, in the evening and morning—I did not make a memorandum of this meeting—I have since ascertained it was Thursday by the almanac—I looked to see what day the 12th of Aug. was—nobody told me to look at the almanac—I looked a few days after I was last at Bow-street, in December—I could not before that tell the day of the week—I swear I have not talked with Hieron respecting the day—I have talked with him about this affair only once, and then it was trifling—I looked at the almanac at my own house—he was not with me—I did not show him the almanac—on the 12th of Aug. Mr. Smith and Hieron were talking principally about the staircase—we intended to carry the plan out different to the other house—Mr. Smith held out several objections, for a long time—I do not recollect what weather it was—I left Smith and Hieron on the premises—it was half-past eight o'clock, which was after my time, and I thought they would not want any more of my services—I know it was not after seven o'clock that I met them, for Mr. Smith said Mr. Hieron never kept his word—he was rather behind his time—I did not look at my watch, but I count by the time the men left work, half-past six—they were making extra time—I do not believe that any body was on the premises but Smith, Hieron, and me—we went outside, in the garden ground, planting things—I do not recollect seeing any one there—I know Clark—I do not recollect seeing him there—he might be outside waiting to speak to Mr. Smith, but he was not with us—some of the sash-frames were put in at that time, but not the glass—no doors were hung—the street-door was not up.

Q. When was your attention called to this particular day after it passed? A. The evening before I was called to the Court—I was not asked about it till after Mr. Smith's death—I attended the trial on the 9th of July.





JAMES SMITH
. I am the brother of the late Robert Smith. He resided at No. 12, Great St. Andrew-street, Seven Dials—he died in Sept., 1841—I was first applied to about a promissory note in Oct.—I do not believe the signature to this promissory note to be my brother's handwriting—I do not think the signature to this "IO U" is at all like his—I received this paper (marked F) or one like it, from the witness Carney—I handed it to Mr. Justins, Mr. Flower's clerk.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you and your brother much in communication together before his death? A. Very much—I saw him the day before he died—I was not at his death—he was not then in good health—I saw him at his own house, in Great St. Andrew-street, in the front parlour—I think I spent the greater part of the day with him till towards evening, when I had to return home—I dined with him that day in the parlour—I have seen this promissory note before—I saw it at Mr. Hill's office, and I pronounced it to be a forgery, and so I do now—it is decidedly like my brother's writing—it is decidedly an imitation of it—it is pretty much like the writing certainly—it is a good imitation, I should say—I cannot say whether a person less acquainted with him than myself would pay a bill upon it—I should say no—if I did not look critically at it 1 should suspect it—I should certainly say it is a pretty good imitation of his writing, but it wants the freedom which was peculiar to my brother's writing.

Q. What is the name of the gentleman who is coming to tell us that it has been traced? A. I do not know—I have no knowledge of the gentleman—I

heard him examined at Bow-street—I do not think I ever beard his name, but once, and I do not recollect it—I should say the "R" is shaped pretty much as my brother shaped his—I cannot exactly point out the difference, without I had another name to compare with it—I should say it is very stiff writing—it is not written with that freedom which characterised my brother's writing—I think the letters are very much after the same as my brother's writing—I think it is a very good imitation.

Q. Now, of the two, which word is most like, the word "Robert," or the word "Smith?" A. If you want me to enter into discrimination with re-gard to the letters, I should say the letter "m" in the "Smith" detects the forgery—it does not possess that peculiar roundness that my brother's writing did—the "m" is very badly done—I should say it is a very bad "m" altogether—I cannot say as to its being different in form, but it is a very much worse "m" than my brother generally made—it has not that bold round character—it is not quite so round.

Q. Is it palpably so? A. I really do not exactly know what you mean by "palpably"—I have been a schoolmaster—I do not understand what you mean by "palpably" in relation to this—the general acceptance of the word is "feasibly," I should say—the signature has a stiffness of character through the whole of it, which is not at all peculiar to my brother's writing—I am speaking of the whole character of the signature—the stiffness is the principal thing I speak to—I do not know anything else—this receipt is his hand writing—that I detect at once—there is more freedom in this, and you will particularly observe, with regard to the "m," that there is more roundness—the signature to this receipt is decidedly bolder than the signature to the promissory note—there is more roundness and freedom of turn—I have not got any more of my brother's handwriting with me, nor caused any to be brought—I have plenty at home—my brother died without a will—I am the sole next of kin—I am his own brother, therefore I am the next of kin, and he has a sister—if Dr. Bailey had succeeded in the action at Guildhall I should We been 3000l. the worse—my sister is not here—I have several other relations living in London—one of them is here, Mr. Brown—I have nine relations living in London besides my sister—my sister lives in ray house—I have a wife, but no children—my family consists of my wife, my sister, and two servants—the greater part of my relations live in Mornington-place, and a portion of them in Russell-street—all the family are, I believe, on the most friendly terms; at least, I have no other feeling towards any branch of my family but of the most friendly kind, and that was so with my brother in his lifetime—he dined at my house the Sunday before his death—all the family were on good terms, friendly, and visiting each other—I am the prosecutor of this indictment.

MR. HUMFREY. Q. Is your sister in a fit state to be brought as a witness? A. By no means, I am sorry to say—I never heard or knew of any intimacy existing between my brother, or any part of my family, and Dr. Bailey and his sister—I never in my life heard his name mentioned until the subject of the note was brought forward, or his sister, or any relation.





BRYAN CARNEY
. I know Dr. Bailey—I first spoke to him when he came up to me in the Brompton-road—I have been a mason's labourer a long time; then, getting old, I took to selling fruit, and I was selling fruit at the corner of Brompton when Dr. Bailey came to me—I had never seen him till he came up to me there—I did not take notice when it was, but as far as my judgment goes, it was about the 1st of October last—he at first said, "It is a fine day"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "How do you get on with your work?"—I said, as well as I could, but not

so well as I wished—he asked how I was situated—I said I had a large family, and the eldest helped the youngest—he said, "Have you been long in London?"—I said, "Between nineteen and twenty years"—he said, "Are you in any way experienced in a law-suit?"—I said, "No, I am not, I never liked it, or any one that was given to it"—he said, "What made me ask, I had a law-suit in hand three months ago, and I was defeated for want of one witness; the opposite party had three witnesses, I had hut two, and so I was defeated; will you become one?"—I looked at him, and admired what he said, and stopped for ten minutes—I said, "Yes," to see what was his motive for asking me the question, he never having seen me before—he put his hand into his pocket, gave me a shilling, told me to call at his house the following day at ten o'clock, at Caroline-street, Coleshill-street, No. 73—I called next morning, and saw him in a room in his house—he began to tell me what I should do—he said, "Mr. Smith's counsellor will attack you very close, and do you know what to say?"—I said, "I do not know what to say"—he said, "Well, I will write it down for you; can you read?"—"I can read," said I—he took a paper, and pretended to be writing,—whether he was writing or, not I cannot say, but he had a pen and ink over a paper—he was on the other side of the table—he read it for me, and told me to read it myself, which I did—he said, "Well, take it home, get it by heart"—I should know the paper again which he gave me—this now produced is it (F)—no one but me saw it—I did not let friend or foe see it till I gave it to Mr. Smith—Dr. Bailey had taken down where I lived when I called at his house, and four or five days after he called at my house, and told me he wanted me to go down to St. Mary Axe, and he gave me a note to a solicitor of his—I took the note there, and Dr. Bailey came in five or six minutes after me—he told me every thing I was to tell his solicitor before I went there—I told his solicitor more than I can recollect now—I did not mind to keep it in my recollection since that, there were a good many words in it which I did not think anything of—I remained with them as much as three quarters of an hour, I believe.

Q. How soon after this did you see Dr. Bailey again? A. I cannot tell you; to tell you the truth, I only wanted to get rid of him, and his business did not take the least effect on my mind—he called at my house twice, and brought me up to Hyde-park-corner, that I might not forget it—he talked to me about what I was to say—he called on me once when I was in bed—I think it was about half-past eight—I dressed and came down—I fonnd him in the house—he told me he wanted to speak to me outside—I went out—he said he particularly wanted me next day, about eleven o'clock, at the Exchequer coffee-house—every time he called on me he gave me a shilling—he gave me a shilling, and I did go to the Exchequer coffee-house, and what I had said at St. Mary Axe, was all written down before me by another solicitor, I believe he was—he asked me to read the paper—I told him to read it himself—he read it to me—I told him it was right—then they told me to go over with a young lad who was there through Westminster-hall, before a Magistrate, and my flesh crawled on my bones, and I shook.

Q. Well, did you refuse to swear it? A. I did refuse, I would not do it for a million of money—I could not do it—as far as my judgment is I received in all of him 7s. 6d.—he promised to give me 30l.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Your account then is for all you have done, or pretended or agreed to do, from the time you first saw Dr. Bailey till now, all you received was 7s. 6d.? A. That is all I received of him—I have received my wages of Mr. Justins—I received 3s. 6d. the day Mr. Justins called on me—I believe I was four days at Bow-street—it was three or four days, and I was two days here—they paid me 3s. 6d. a day for that, and that is all I received as far as my judgment goes, and 2s. they gave me the first

time they met with me—that was for bringing me over to hit office to ask if what they heard of me was right or wrong—that was before Dr. Bailey was taken—it was a good bit after I was at the Exchequer coffee-house before I opened my mind to my countrymen, and told them—I think it was seventeen days—I have lodgers, and my two boys work—I sold fruit after I was at the Exchequer coffee-house for about three weeks, but not down to the present time—my wife was unwell, and I and my family got assistance from the parish—all I have received since I was at the Exchequer coffee-house was 3s. 6d. a day, for five or six days, and 2s. when I came over to Mr. Flower's office, and 1s. more one day at Bow-street—as I had no money I asked Mr. Smith for the price of a penny-loaf, and half-a-pint of beer, and he gave me 1s.—that is all I have received of their money.

Q. Did you ever happen to go to Mr. Hill, the attorney, in Bury-street, St. Mary Axe, and ask for money? A. I did not go on speculation to get money—I asked him for the price of half-a-pint of beer when I went on one occasion, and he would not—I went there twice, and it was the last time—it was not the night before I went to the Exchequer coffee-house—I do not know how long before it was—God bless you, I did not notice.

Q. You must answer the question. A. Well, then, I wont—I never asked him for money but that once.

Q. Did you tell Mr. Hill, that you knew Mrs. Lee, the pew-opener at the prisoner's chapel? A. I did—Dr. Bailey when he met me the first time told me not to lay the case open to any body, and it would look better for me to call on Mrs. Lee, and inquire where Dr. Bailey lived, and I told Mr. Hill I went to Mrs. Lee to inquire Dr. Bailey's address—I told him various facts relative to Mr. Smith and Miss Bailey—I told him Dr. Bailey would not listen to any thing I had to say—that is what he told me to say—he told me that, without any written paper—I told Mr. Hill I first heard of the law-suit in a public-house, where some persons were drinking, and that I heard them say the Smiths had got over the Irish lady, and that they had got 10l. by the job—I signed my name to a paper at the Exchequer coffee-house—I did not tell the person with whom I left the paper that I would go over to Westminster-hall to swear it, but he told me to go over with the young lad to the Hall—I walked out with the lad, and turned home—this must have been seven or eight days after I had been with Mr. Hill, but I did not take any dates—I do not mean to swear what time it was—I believe it was better than a week after I had asked for the pint of beer—I remember the paper being read over to me.

Q. Did you say after it was read over, "It is most true, most correct?" A. I said that it was right, and then put my name to it—when I was at Bow-street, I made sure that Dr. Bailey wrote the paper he gave me, but though his character, and what I hear of him, I cannot be sure of any thing he took in hand, but he bad the pen and ink over the paper, and I made sure that was the paper, and told the Magistrate it was his handwriting—it was what I got from him—I have been a merchant before I came to this country—I used to travel with tobacco and whiskey in Ireland—I never got into trouble about tobacco or whiskey—I swear I never was before a Magistrate in all my born days, only one time when I was tipsy—I was a mason's labourer in England four years ago—I left it off except occasionally, but I worked for a Mr. Smith, six months in Five-fields—I sometimes carried the hod, and sometimes navigated for Mr. M'Intosh in the City, and laying pipes down—that is sixteen years ago—when I got work within the last four years I did it—when I do not, I do the best I can, and sell fruit—I do any work I am able to do, and could get plenty if I could run the ladder—I do not carry on

any business in my own house—about three months ago my wife took to sell green-grocery, at No. 8, Princes-row, but was obliged to give it up in about two months—she could not make a living of it—I have lived there three years next May—this time two years I was with Mr. C. Smith, in the Five-fields making up plaster for liming hair—when I got work I did it—I never went on messages, or as a porter—I was questioned before the Magistrate, by the gentleman behind you—I did not d----n his eyes—he asked me a question five times—I told him I had answered him five times—I will not swear I did not d----n his eyes—if I did there was more people in the room than you to hear it.

MR. HUMREY. Q. When you went to Mr. Hill, you told him you knew Mrs. Lee, the pew-opener, and various things; who told you to state that? A. Dr. Bailey told me to tell Mr. Hill those words, and to keep memory of it the same as if I was to be a witness to every word—he told me to keep that in mind, as I should be cross-questioned—he told me to say I first heard of the law-suit in a public-house—I told Mr. Hill nothing but what he told me, as far as my judgment goes—I swore before the Magistrate this was the paper Dr. Bailey wrote (marked F), and I made sure it was, by his having the pen and ink over it, and telling me to sit down till he had written it; and after he had done writing he gave me that paper, and this little bit of paper with a direction on it to go to St. Mary Axe with the paper; it is (reading) "Robert Smith, No. 12, Great St. Andrew-street, Sevendials."





RICHARD DIGGINS
. I am a coal-merchant, and am acquainted with Dr. Bailey's handwriting. I do not know whether the direction on this small piece of paper is his handwriting—I have seen him write a good many times.





ROBERT LENNY
. I am fourteen years old, and have known Dr. Bailey about three years. He sometimes employed me to write for him—this paper (F) is my writing—he employed me to write it at his house, No. 73, Coleshill-street, Pimlico—he gave me a paper to copy it from—I think this paper (G) is what I copied from—I do not exactly remember when it was; I think some time in Aug. or the beginning of Sept. last year.





NICHOLAS PEARCE
. I am an inspector of police. I apprehended the prisoner, on the 27th of Nov., at No. 73, Coleshill-street, Pimlico—I searched his house, and in a table-drawer, in the back-parlour, I found different papers, which I have produced, and this book—these are the papers—this (G) is one of them. This paper was here read as follows:—
"K—n—y— I saw the late Mr. Robert Smith at Dr. Bailey's chapel on the evening of the 12th of August, 1841—Mr. Smith was an ironmonger, and lived in No. 12, Great St. Andrew-street, Seven-dials—the chapel service began at seven, and ended about a quarter-past eight—Mr. Smith was just going into the chapel before me, and he walked into the vestry—Mr. Smith came out of the vestry just before the service began, and after him came out one or two ladies; and then, in two or three minutes after, came the two parsons—Dr. Bailey read prayers, and the other strange parson preached—Mr. Smith and the one or two ladies went into the body of the chapel during the service, but I could not see them from the free-seats, where I sat—I saw Mr. Smith on the stairs as the congregation was coming out, but I took no notice of him afterwards, whether he spoke to anybody, or whether he walked home with anybody—I saw him a few days afterwards in the Park, and had a chat with him—Dr. Bailey was in Ireland in June and July of 1841—I never was in any room in Mr. Smith's house but the front-parlour—the name of 'Smith' was on the door, on a brass-plate."

MR. CLARKSON
to
MR. JUSTINS. Q. Did you hear Sir Thomas Wilde

state at the end of Dr. Bailey's examination, that be would bear of this in another Court? A. I do not recollect it.

MR. TOLCHER. I do not recollect it.





HENRY FLEMING
. I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Terrace-court. I have known Dr. Bailey about two years and a half—I have been in the habit of doing little jobs for him—he called on me the first Sunday in last Sept.—I was in bed—my wife came for me—when I came down I saw Dr. Bailey—he wished to speak to me—I went out with him to the Wellington Cricket-ground, Chelsea—he continued with me about an hour, and said a great deal more than I can remember—he said his sister had been robbed out of money to the amount of 3,000l., and it would be an act of justice for anybody to come forward and swear that—I unfortunately agreed so to do—I lent myself to it—he said he wished me to swear that I knew Mr. Smith, where he lived, and so on; that Smith was at his (Dr. Bailey's) house, in Coleshill-street, Grosvenor-place—I did not know the late Mr. Smith at all; I never saw him in my life—the prisoner said he would give me 20l., and my son 10l., if I would swear I knew the party, as a trial had been at Guildhall, and he wanted an extra witness or two, and then they should defeat the party, and become victorious—he said I was to swear my son and me met Mr. Smith, the miser, at Queen-square chapel, and saw him come out about half-past seven o'clock, on the 12th of August; that he had not time to speak to my son and me relative to a job he was to have given my son, but that he went away to see Mrs. Grey, near York-gate, and there we were to leave one another; I and my son were to go one way, and Mr. Smith another—he said we were to swear this—unfortunately I condescended to swear it—he called at my house about three times—the second time was the next day—he called and left the Times newspaper relating to the first trial at Guildhall—he brought me the instructions in writing the second time—I destroyed that the day I saw Mrs. Bailey, after he was taken up—I kept it till then—he read every word of the paper over to me—I should know it if I heard it read.





NICHOLAS PEARCE

re-examined. I found this paper (H) in Dr. Bailey's presence—he unlocked the drawer I found the paper in, and saw me take it out—(read.)

F—l—ng— I have known for twenty years the late Mr. Smith, ironmonger, 12, Great St. Andrew-street, Seven Dials—he died in Sept. 1841—he was about seventy years old, middle sized, very thin, very bald and grey hair, and a very beggarly, dirty-looking man—I have bought many things from him—before his death there was no front shop, but since his death they have pat in a front shop—the hall door was painted a dirty brown—there was a long knocker, like brass, and a brass-plate just above it, with the name "Smith" in black letters, about two inches long—I never saw any servant there—he always opened the door himself—there was both a knocker and a bell—he kept his ironmongery in a room at the back of the front parlour, but I never was in it, but I have been often in the front parlour, into which he brought any articles from the back room I asked to see—the front parlour was a very dirty looking room—there was an old carpet, an old horse-hair sofa, and some old-fashioned mahogany chairs, and at the right hand of the fire-place a book-case with a glass door, circular at top, and fixed in the wall, but there was no glass or piano in the room—on the morning of the 12th of August, 1841, between ten and twelve o'clock, I met Mr. Smith coming out at the corner of Coleshill-street, and he saw me, and called me to him, and he asked me what I was doing, and what my sons were about—I told him, as I heard he was building houses at Mornington-crescent, I would be greatly obliged to him if be would find some situation for my son—Mr. Smith told me he was in Pimlico

that morning with Dr. Bailey, in Coleshill-street, upon which I asked him, was the doctor getting iron-work done at his house—he answered, 'No, I have been with him settling some family accounts with him, I have known the doctor's father for fifty years; thousands of their money have passed through my hands'—he also told me that the doctor had come into a large estate by his father's death—I answered, I thought there must be something more than trade between Mr. Smith and the doctor, as I had seen them two or three times together in Grosvenor-place, very friendly and intimate together—Mr. Smith said he wished to see my son, and 1 asked him when he would be in Pimlico again, and he replied that he had made an appointment with Dr. Bailey to go to his chapel in Queen-square that evening—I told him I would, if possible, bring my son there—I and my son did go, but we were too late for service, and we walked about till the congregation came out—there went about thirty or forty persons came out—we saw Mr. Smith, and talked to him for about one minute near the chapel door, and I showed my son to him—Mr. Smith said, 'You may depend I will not forget it, and you will soon hear from me'—I did not hear from him, according to promise, and I called once at his house a few days afterwards, but no one answered the door—Mr. Smith seemed anxious to hurry away from us near the chapel door, and he walked off hastily towards the Birdcage-walk, and we took the opposite direction, and returned home by York-street—my son and I particularly remember it was the 12th of August, because," &c. &c. &c.





HENRY FLEMING

re-examined. I am certain every word of that is the same as he gave it to me—there is not a word of truth in it, from beginning to end—he gave me that paper on the second occasion.

Q. It ends "because, &c." did be see you a third time? A. Yet—he asked if I bad any thing on the subject of the date, to fix it in any manner—I told him there was nothing to recollect the date whatever—I had various papers in a little box, which he examined—he said he wished to examine then to find the 12th of Aug., and it so happened I had a letter on the 11th of Ang. to get my eye probed on the 12th of Aug. some years before, and he found that letter from the Ophthalmic Institution—he said that was the best thing be ever saw, it would answer every purpose, that it was the exact day of the month—he called at my house again in about a fortnight, and desired me to go to the Exchequer coffee-house, I think it is called, close to Westminster-hall—I went to St. Mary Axe twice by his direction before I went to the Exchequer coffee-house, and was examined there by his solicitor—I met the doctor at the Exchequer coffee-house, and his sister, as I understood, and Mrs. Lee, the servant, Bryan Carney, the witness, and Mrs. Bailey, and three other persons I did not know—the depositions were read over there, and I signed my name with various others—I went into the Hall, and took my oath—when I went to Mr. Hill's office 1 did not take the paper with me—I showed him this card from the Ophthalmic—Dr. Bailey had promised me 20l.—I sent him this letter (looking at it) by my son—I did not receive any money in return—I have received from him, directly and indirectly, 25s.—my wife received the last money—I was not examined before the Magistrate—(letter read.)
"Orpin-place. Rev. Sir,—Pardon me sending to you, as you said as little as I was seen at your house the better; it is necessary that I should appear a little more respectable than my own circumstances will allow; I have been so distressed this last season as to be obliged to part with all my clothes; to appear before the lawyer, I must have my things from the pawnbroker's; they will take 1l. 5s. to get them; if you can let me have as much, in two ways it will further your case. I am wishing to see a builder that live in the neighbourhood of St. Giles's, can give me some information respecting

Smith. I have no wish to have more than I can pay you again; only, as you observed to me the time I may wait in attending to business. About the middle of Oct. I have, from Somerset House, an order for 4l., given me by my son, from Malta, and the principal point I have to make out is the 12th of Aug., and about that time I received from him 3l.; that I think I can get at by going to a gentleman I knew at Kensington, but I must go decent.
"Rev. Sir,—I remain your most obedient humble servant,—HEN. FLEMING.
"Thursday morning. To Dr. Bayley."





CHARLOTTE FLEMING
. I am the wife of Henry Fleming, and know Dr. Bailey—I have seen him at our house three or four times—the first time was the first Sunday in Sept.—he called three times after that—my husband went out the first time with him, and was absent an hour—he taw my husband the second time, and remained in the house with him about three quarters of an hour—he saw him on three occasions, and came once when he did not see him—Dr. Bailey gave me a sovereign about a fortnight before he was in confinement.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How long bad you known Dr. Bailey? A. I never saw him before the Sunday that he came—I am quite sure he never gave me any assistance before that to my knowledge—my husband was in distressed circumstances some time before that, and was so then—I have not received assistance from various clergymen in the neighbourhood—ladies call from societies, and give us a few tickets—I never had any clergyman call—I have had assistance from the parish—my husband followed a business till his eye was bad—he works now when he gets a job—he has sung at St. Saviour's church—he has not sung at public-houses lately—he was in the habit of doing so for some months—not in the streets, never—and never was paid for singing at public-houses—he did not receive presents from the company—I have been with him—he never received any thing but once, that was from the landlord of the George, George-street—I did not sing.





WILLIAM FLEMING
. I am the son of Henry Fleming. I took a note from my father to Dr. Bailey about the 15th of Sept., and received an answer from Dr. Bailey himself, that he had not got his quarter's pay, but as soon as he had, Mr. Fleming could have any thing he required—that was all that passed.





ROBERT BROWN
. I was related to the late Mr. Smith, and knew him well during his lifetime—I have examined his books to find whether there was any transaction between him and anybody named Bailey—there was not any—the books are not here—I do not believe the signature to this promissory-note to be his handwriting, nor the "I O U."

cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you think neither of them like his writing? A. There is some resemblance—it is a very great resemblance—I should say decidedly it is not his handwriting, especially this promissory-note—that is the least like it.

The paper (I) produced by Pearce was here read as follows:—"G—y, 50l.; C—l—ne, 40l.; Cat—rne, 10l.; M—s—n, 10l.; K—n—y, (Irishman,) 10l.; Flemming, 20l.; B—r—by, 30l.; L. (chapel,) 7l."

MR. JUSTINS
re-examined. A person named Grey was examined on the trial, and Caroline Laxton, both on the part of Miss Bailey—at the time of the examinations before the Magistrate I did not know of Fleming, not till the last examination—I saw him late in the afternoon.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How did you become acquainted with him? A. Fancying this "Fl—ng" meant "Fleming," I got the police to search the neighbourhood for a man of that name—I should say Queen-square chapel is near three miles from Mornington-crescent, if not quite so.





NICHOLAS PEARCE

re-examined. I should say it is near three miles.

(The I O U and promissory note were as follows:—"Miss Ann Bailey, of 45, Upper Arthur-street, Belfast, I O U a balance of account up to this day, 12th Aug. 1841, the sum of 2,875l. ROBT. SMITH. We the undermentioned, being witnesses present, do subscribe our names at Mr. Smith's request, WILLIAM NICKSON. M. A., Thursday evening, at St. Peter's, Westminster of No. 4, Portland-road, St. Marylebone; WM. BAILEY, LL.D., clerk, minister of St. Peter's, Queen-square, West, 12th August, 1841."
"2,875l. London, No. 12, Great St. Andrew-street, Seven Dials, 9th Sept. 1841. On demand I promise to pay to Miss Ann Bailey, of 45, Upper Arthur-street, Belfast, Ireland, or order, the sum of 2,875l. sterling, with 4 percent, interest thereon, from the above-mentioned date, for value received by me in cash advanced by her on loan to me at different periods, as by settlement this day. ROBT. SMITH. Witness present, WILLIAM BAILEY, clerk, LL.D., Minister of St. Peter's, Queen-square, Westminster."
(The book produced headed "Private cash account," contained various entries of different dates, of money transactions between the prisoner and Mr. Smith, among which were the following:)—"In a mutual settlement this morning, August 12, 1841, Mr. Robert Smith has received back from Miss Ann Bailey his two notes amounting to 2,200l., and his I O U for 500l., but still unpaid. Mr. Smith has further engaged to include the above sum of 2,700l. in one security, with the 175l. now paid into his hands, amounting altogether to 2,875l. Mr. Smith has also paid in cash this day all arrears of interest due on the monies advanced to him by Miss Ann Bailey, and contracts to pay 4 per cent. interest on the above 2,875l. ROBERT SMITH. For Miss Bailey, WM. BAILEY, August 12, 1841."—"Mr. Smith, according to his agreement, handed to me last night, in the vestry of St. Peter's, Queen-square West, his I O U to Miss Ann Bailey, &c, for 2,875l. He has omitted stating therein his agreement to pay 4 per cent, interest on the said sum, but he expressly covenanted to Miss Ann Bailey to pay her such rate of interest on the whole amount of 2,875l. My friend, the Rev. Mr. Nickson, happened to be present last night, and, at Mr. Smith's own request, witnessed, along with me, his I O U. WM. BAILEY, 13th August, 1841. 73, Coleshill-street, Eaton-square."—"I received this morning a promissory note from Mr. Robt. Smith, for Miss Ann Bailey, for the full amount of cash advanced by her to him, viz., 2,875l., &c, &c. 9th Sept. 41."

Witnesses for the Defence.






SUSANNAH LEE
. I was pew-opener at Queen-square chapel when Dr. Bailey was the minister—I did not know the late Mr. Robert Smith personally—I saw a man come into the chapel on the 12th of August, 1841, and ask for Dr. Bailey—I showed him into the vestry, and he went in—he did not tell me what his name was—a young woman also went into the vestry—I did not at that time know who she was—I now know it was Mrs. Grey—the man I showed into the vestry was an elderly man, in a dark coat—that is all that I can say of him—he was rather tallish, and rather stooped, to the best of my recollection.

Q. Was he thin or stout? A. He was a middle-statured man—I cannot say what age he was—the Rev. Mr. Nickson was there—he was occasionally in the habit of officiating there—there was no one else in the vestry that I took notice of—Dr. Bailey was there—there was no one there except thia elderly man, Dr. Bailey, Mr. Nickson, and Mrs. Grey—when they went into the vestry the door was shut—they remained there about ten minutes—there was pen and ink generally kept in the vestry—after they had been in the vestry about ten minutes the whole four came out—Dr. Bailey went into the desk to read prayers—Mr. Nickson went into the seat at the opposite part of the chapel, and there sat until the hymn was given out—he then went into the vestry, and

got robed—I put Mrs. Grey and the elderly man into the same pew together—they remained there during the service—I did not observe them go out after service was concluded—I had got my business to attend to.

Q. Do you know Mr. Bryan Carney? A. I saw him—he came, to me, to the best of my recollection, on the 8th or 9th of Sept.—not last year, the year before, 1840—let me recollect—no, it was 1842—he came to me at my residence, which is adjoining the chapel—he came, and asked for me in the yard—I went down, and he began to tell me a long tale that he had been in St. Giles's, and that he had heard the party of Mr. Smith—.

Q. Did he ask you for Dr. Bailey's address? A. He did—I did not give it him, as I did not know but what he came, like most, for charity—I never gave him the address afterwards—I referred him to the chapel-warden.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUMFREY. Q. Who is the chapel warden to whom you referred him? A. Mr. Chibnal—I did not know Mrs. Grey at the time she went into the vestry—she was a stranger to me—to the best of my recollection that was the first time I had seen her, and to the best of my recollection that was the first time I had seen the elderly gentleman.

Q. I suppose they could not be frequently at your chapel on a Thursday evening without your knowing them? A. There were several that used to come to and fro that I used to pay no attention to—I attend to the whole of the chapel—I never remember having put them into the same seat before—if they had been in the habit of sitting in the same seat together a good many times, I should have remarked it—I can say they had not been in the habit of sitting in the same seat as much as a dozen, or half-a-dozen times they could not—the chapel is not very full of a week evening—there was very few that evening—there might not be above a dozen people.

MR. JONES. Q. Could persons come to the chapel occasionally, as many as twenty times, without your taking particular notice of them? A. No, they could not—I am the only pew-opener—I cannot say how many persons the chapel is capable of holding, it may hold 300 for aught I know—persons would not come in and take seats, without my putting them in—there are some free seats, which go from the top of the stairs, just round the corner—persons could go and sit in the free seats without my showing them there.

COURT. Q. What makes you remember this was the 12th of Aug.? A. It was the last Thursday evening that we had evening service, and the second Thursday in Aug.





WILLIAM CHIBNAL
. I know the prisoner, I am warden of his chapel, in Queen-square, Westminster—I was so in Aug. last—I remember the evening of the 12th of Aug., I was at chapel that evening—I do not remember seeing Mr. Robert Smith there that evening—I saw an elderly gentleman there—I was going into the vestry, the pew-opener told me a person was in the vestry with Dr. Bailey, and I did not go in.

COURT. Q. Did you see him as he came out? A. I did not wait till the congregation came out.

MR. WILDE. Q. Do you know a person of the name of Carney? A. I have seen him—he never came to me to ask the prisoner's address—I have known Dr. Bailey about four years—since I have known him his character has been very correct in every shape whatever, as far as I have known—he has been quite eorrect in his money transactions, and in his general character—I never saw any thing otherwise.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUMPHERY. Q. Was it after the service that the Pew-opener spoke to you? A. No, before, when I went into the chapel—I did not wait till the congregation came out, as I had received a note from the

Rev. Mr. Nickson, stating that he would take supper with me that evening and I went home to receive him—this is the note—(producing it.)

MR. JONES. Q. Did Mr. Nickson preach there that evening? A. He did—I know Mr. Nickson's handwriting—I have a letter which I received from him—(looking at the I O U)—I believe this name, "William Nickson, M.A." to be the late Mr. Nickson's writing.





ELLEN GREY
. I am a married woman, my husband is a surgeon—I have known Dr. Bailey between two and three years—I have been in the habit of going to his house—I am acquainted with Mrs. Bailey—I know Queen-square chapel, where Dr. Bailey officiated—I have attended service at that chapel, in the course of the year 1841—I attended there several times in Aug,—I knew the late Mr. Robert Smith, I saw him attending the chapel several times—I was in the vestry-room of the chapel on the 12th of Aug., in the evening part, before the service—I saw Mr. Smith there that evening—the Rev. Mr. Nickson was in the vestry at the same time, and Dr. Bailey—I saw Dr. Bailey read over a paper which Mr. Smith gave him—I should think it was a paper similar to this—(looking at the IOU)—Dr. Bailey read it to himself—he made some objection to something in the paper, but what I cannot say—Mr. Smith said, to make it all right, Mr. Nickson and Dr. Bailey had better sign their names to this paper—and Dr. Bailey and Mr. Nickson both signed the paper.

Q. I do not know whether you actually saw the signatures, or merely saw them write on it? A. I only saw them write on it—after that was done, I left the vestry, and went into a pew of the chapel—Mr. Smith came out about a minute after me, and came into the same pew—Dr. Bailey read prayers that evening, and Mr. Nickson preached—Mr. Smith and myself remained during the whole of the service—after the service was over I left the chapel, and Mr. Smith overtook me at the Park-gates which part off the Birdcage-walk—when he overtook me we had some conversation together—I asked Mr. Smith where the money was to be put—he said it was some monies that was sent over by Miss Bailey, to be put into his hands, and it was a good thing for her, for if not she would fool it all away—I walked home to hit own door with him, No. 12, Great St. Andrew-street, Seven-dials—I then returned home—I did not enter his house that evening, I parted from him.

Q. Now, on any other occasion than that did you see Mr. Smith? A. I saw him in the July before, at the chapel and at his own house—I had seen him several times at the chapel—I went into his house once, as he was going to lend me a book of sermons—he did not do so, he did not lend me anything—I staid there about three or four minutes—I went into the front parlour—Mr. Smith was a middle-sized, very dirty-looking man, very pale and thin—I should think he was between sixty and seventy years of age—I cannot say exactly.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUMFERY. Q. You say your husband is a surgeon? A. Yes—his residence was in Exeter—I cannot say where he is living at present, because he is in the habit of travelling—I do not know with whom he is travelling now—I have been lately confined—it was in November—I was examined in the Court of Common Pleas in July.

Q. Did you then say that your husband had been at home for two months, and that previous to that he had been absent for nine months? A. I believe I said he had been home for two months, and that he had been home for a month, besides the nine months that he was away—he had been absent for nine months before the two months—he had been home more than that—he had been home for a month, then he was away, and then home for a month again.

Q. Now be very cautious, because your words were taken down; did not

you say that he had been home for two months, and that before that two months he had been away for nine months? A. I know I said that he had been home for two months, but I do not know exactly whether I said he had been home for the month before—I cannot swear I did not say that he had been home for two months, and that for nine months before he was absent from England—I am now living in Blackfriars-road, at No. 5, Angel-place.

Q. Under what name? A. Mrs. Grey—I do not go by any other name—I go under no other name than Mrs. Grey—I have never been called by the name of Hart since my examination at the trial, that I swear—I have never been called by the name of Hart, nor by any other name than Grey—I will not swear I have not—I have gone by the name which my husband wished—have I any right to state it?—it was my husband's wish that I should go by another name—I am subpœnaed here by the name of Grey, to answer anything concerning Dr. Bailey, and not anything concerning my private family affairs.

Q. I want to know by what name you have been passing and living, since I examined you in the Common Pleas in July? A. I do not think I have a right to answer—I have only gone by one other name—if his lordship says I must tell what that name is, I will.

MR. HUMFREY. If you choose to decline it I will not press it. Witness. Then I decline it—I last saw my husband at the latter end of Dec. last—I was living with him then—I do not know with whom he is travelling now—I cannot say where he is at present—he has no shop, or house, or any place of business—he never had—he is travelling somewhere about down in Devonshire—I had been in the habit of frequenting Dr. Bailey's chapel about eighteen months before had seen Mr. Smith at Dr. Bailey's chapel several times—he and I generally sat in the same seat—I cannot say how often I have sat in the same seat with him—it might have been a dozen times—it might have been more—I do not know about its being the same seat that we sat in on this night—there are different seats for strangers—we sat in the same seat on that night—I usually sat in the same seat with him—the pew-opener has put me into the same seat the has put me into the same seat, it might be, more than a dozen times, it night be less—I never gave the pew-opener anything, and never saw Mr. Smith give her anything—I think I was first acquainted with Mr. Smith about the beginning of July, 1841.

Q. Remember what you have said before; did you not see him first of all in May? A. It must have been in May—I used to attend the chapel on a Thursday evening—I saw Mr. Smith in May—I do not think I walked home with him in May—I do not exactly recollect what month it was that I walked home with him—the first time I walked home with him I did not know his name—he talked to me on religious subjects—I cannot tell you of any one who ever saw me with him—he asked me to walk home with him, and I did—I did not go into his house on the first occasion, I only walked to his house, and then left him—he let himself in—I walked home with him again in July, I think—that was when we had been attending chapel together—we sat in the same seat, and got into conversation—I went into his house with him on the second occasion—I did not know his name then—I staid in the house about three or four minutes—I went in for a book of sermons which he was going to lend me—I did not get it—he could not find it—I do not recollect whether he asked me to sit down—he looked for the book in a book-case—he did not ask me to stay when he could not find it—I walked home with him again on the 12th of August—I did not know his name then; oh, yes, I knew his name then—I had learnt it in the vestry that evening—until that evening I never knew his name, or who he was—when he entered the

vestry Mr. Nickson was there—he shook hands with Mr. Nickson, and said, "How do you do, Mr. Nickson?" and Mr. Nickson said, "How do you do, Mr. Smith?"

Q. Have you ever lived in Dr. Bailey's family? A. I have, for four or five months, or more—I cannot say exactly—it was some time before the trial—I only lived in his family on one occasion—it was last Christmas twelve months, 1841—I heard of Mr. Smith's death—I did not hear exactly that Dr. Bailey had made a claim on his property—I did not hear anything from Dr. Bailey about it—I heard of Mr. Smith's death at Dr. Bailey's, from Miss Walker, his sister-in-law—it was the Christmas after the 12th of Aug. that I went to live in Dr. Bailey's family—I have not had any money from Dr. Bailey—I never applied to him for money—I swear that, or to Mrs. Bailey—this letter (looking at one) is not my writing—it was not written to Dr. Bailey by my direction—it was written by my direction to Miss Bailey.

Q. On your oath, have you not applied either to Dr. or Miss Bailey for money? A. Not concerning anything of this trial.

MR. JONES. Q. If you have made any application, has it been otherwise than in writing? A. Only in writing.

MR. HUMFREY. Q. Have you received do money either from Dr., Mrs., or Miss Bailey? A. From Miss Bailey, I have, my own money—I had let Miss Bailey have some money to keep for me, about 4l. or 5l.—I let her have it at different times, at the time I was there, I asked her to keep it for me—Dr. Bailey has been surety for me to a Loan-society.

Q. Allow me to ask how your acquaintance with Dr. Bailey commenced? A. Through a lady, a Mrs. Harcourt, who lived at Stoke Newington—I do not know whether she is alive—I have been living where I am now living, about a month or six weeks—I came there from Euston-square, not from Euston-square, but from one of the streets leading out of the square, Whittle-bury-street—I lived there about a month—I came there from Henry-street in the Borough—I lived in several places while I attended Dr. Bailey's chapel—I had a mother—she was not in the habit of going with me to Dr. Bailey's chapel—I went by myself sometimes, and sometimes my sister went with me—she is not here—I do not know where she is at the present time—she may be at home for aught I know.

Q. How frequently did you go to Dr. Bailey's chapel while living in Henry-street? A. I generally went on a Sunday, and in the week-days sometimes once a-week, and sometimes once a fortnight—I know Caroline Laxton—she and I did not go together to the trial at the Common Pleas—we met at the Court-house—I have not seen her lately—I have not seen her since July, the last day of the trial—my mother lives in Angel-place, Black-friars-road—she has lived there the same time as I have, about a month—she never lived in Dr. Bailey's family, not at any time.

Q. How lately had you seen Dr. Bailey before he was taken into custody? A. I think more than two months before—I heard about a fortnight ago of his being taken up—I am living with my mother now—we have not got lodgings—we have the house—we do not take lodgers—the house consists of three rooms, a sitting-room and two bed-rooms—my brother lives in the house—he is a manufacturer of steel pens—his name is Pike—my sister also lives in the house, and I have two children—nobody else lives in the house—we have a servant—her name is Lydia Wright—she did not come to us from Henry-street—she lived with us in Henry-street—I have been in the habit of seeing Dr. Bailey write—(looking at paper G)—I believe this to be his handwriting—I cannot swear to this (H), it is much like his handwriting—I could not take on myself to say it was—I should not think it was—I do not believe the whole of this first sheet to be his handwriting—some of the

letters on the second sheet, are like his, but I do not believe it to be his writing—I should think this third more not his—the fourth sheet, I think, is more his handwriting—I think that may be his—yes, I think it is—I think this fourth sheet is—I do not think the fifth is, nor the sixth—(these six sheets marked (H) contained the statement, headed "Fl-ng.")

MR. JONES. Q. Is your husband a very young man? A. Yes—he has been in the habit of travelling about the country with invalid gentlemen, and of being absent from home for some time, without my knowing exactly the place he is at—he came home about a fortnight after I was confined, and remained till December—I do not know whether he has gone on another journey of that sort—he has gone into the country—I am in the habit of hearing from him when he is away—my husband has a particular reason for my passing by another name, on account of some debt—I know Miss Bailey, the doctor's sister, very well indeed—I lived in the family altogether five or six months—I cannot say exactly—it was during that time that I gave her this money to keep for me—she was there—I went there as an attendant and companion to Mrs. Walker, whose daughter was in an ill state of health, and is since dead—I have got back some of the money from Miss Bailey—my husband was at home about the July before I was confined—he had been at home at short periods before that, at different times, four, five, or six months.





REV. EDWARD SCOVELL
. I am a clergyman of the Established Church. I was acquainted with the Rev. Mr. Nickson—I have constantly received letters and notes from him, and am acquainted with his handwriting—I have seen him write—(looking at the "I O U")—I have no doubt in my own mind that this signature is his writing, but it certainly is not his usual style of writing, inasmuch as it is written in a very tremulous hand, but I should have no scruple in saying it was his writing, but it is very much disguised—with all the tremulousness I should have no hesitation in saying it is his handwriting—I have known Dr. Bailey four on five years—I always looked upon him as a man of considerable talent, and he has given me no occasion to doubt his integrity—I never heard any thing in disparagement of his general moral character.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUMFREY. Q. Do you know Dr. Bailey's handwriting? A. I have received notes from him, but I am not able to speak to his handwriting—it is very often customary at churches to sign the name of the preacher in a book—I have never known an instance of a detached piece of paper being signed as an evidence of having preached.

MR. JONES. Q. It is usual to keep such a book in a chapel or church? A. Very usual—it is not universal—the clergyman enters his own name.





REV. PETER HALL
. I am a clergyman of the Church of England. I knew the late Rev. Mr. Nickson, and knew from him of his having occasionally performed duty at Queen-square chapel—I never saw him write—I have received several letters from him, which I have acted upon as being his handwriting, and by that means 1 have obtained a knowledge of his handwriting—the name of "Nickson" on this" "I O U" I should quite think was written by Mr. Nickson—I have had a slight acquaintance with Dr. Bailey—I think it is about three years since I first saw him, but my acquaintance has not extended beyond two or three interviews with him, and I think I have once or twice had communications from him in writing—he has been known to me that period—I have lived very near him—I knew him as the minister of Queen-square chapel—he has occasionally preached in the chapel where I now officiate, and his ministry was very highly valued there—I think he has borne the character of a moral, upright man, quite so.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUMFREY. Q. Did you attend at the trial at Guildhall? A. Yes—I heard the greater part of the witnesses examined—I

heard the Bishop of Rochester and others examined on the part of Mr. Smith.

Q. Do I understand you to say, that now, after what you then heard you believe Dr. Bailey to be a moral man? A. That was not the question I was asked—I do not say any thing of impressions left on my mind by that trial—down to that trial I thought him quite so—I should have had no hesitation in asking him to preach to my congregation any day—if I am to take that trial into question, I should say there were unfavourable impressions left on my mind—I think his character as a moral, upright man has been very much questioned.

MR. JONES. Q. Have you ever heard anything against his character, except in relation to the subject of this investigation? A. Never.

MR. HUMFERY. Q. Do you know his handwriting? A. I do not, not to state it.





SARAH BURBERRY
. I knew Mr. Robert Smith, the deceased—I saw him several times in Aug. 1841—I remember seeing him on the 12th of Aug.—I saw him at his own house in the morning—he asked me if I would go to the doctor's chapel in the evening, and I said I would go—he said he was then going to transact business with the doctor, concerning money of Miss Bailey's—I have heard Mr. Smith say that he had large sums of money of Miss Bailey's in his possession—I have been in Mr. Smith's house—when I have been there, I have seen an account-book on his table—I have beard him say that that was where he kept an account of the money that he had of Miss Bailey's—I saw the book lying on the table—I did not have it in my hand—I saw that it contained figures.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUMFREY. Q. Where do you live? A. In Star-street, which leads out of the Edgeware-road—I have lived where I do now about six weeks, I moved there from another house in the same street, No. 19—I lived there, I think, about two months, it might be more—before that I lived in Robert-street, Davies-street, which leads from Oxford-street—I lived there about nine months—before that I lived in the Harrow-road, I do not know the number—it is at the corner of the Harrow-road and Paddington-green—I lived there about six months—I am a dress-maker.

Q. How long have you known Dr. Bailey? A. I have not known him personally long, I have only been in the habit of attending his chapel—I have known him from seeing him at Queen-square chapel—I knew Mr. Smith a very long time, several years, ten or twelve years—my father knew him.

Q. For the last five years Mr. Smith was in the habit of regularly calling on you once a week, every Friday, was he not?—(examining the witness from paper marked "J," one of those found by Pearce at the prisoner's house.) A. No, he was not so often as that—I do not think I ever told any body that he was—I do not think I ever told Dr. Bailey or any one else so—he did not call so often as that—I never mentioned that he called on me regularly every Friday—I have heard him say that Dr. Bailey was the son of one of the oldest and most respected friends he had in the world—it was in consequence of Mr. Smith's recommendation that I went to Dr. Bailey's chapel.

Q. First of all, you went to his chapel four or five times of a Thursday evening only? A. Yes—the first time I went I called for Mr. Smith, and went with him.

Q. Just look at that paper (J) tell me when you first saw it? A. I never saw it—the first time I went to the chapel I called for Mr. Smith, and accompanied him, and sat in the same pew—about three years ago, Mr. Smith told me that he was managing Miss Bailey's property for her—he said he had Miss Bailey's affairs in his hands, and spoke of her

as having a great deal of money—when I called on him on the 12th of Aug., it was quite by accident—I saw a paper on his table, which was not quite dry—I did not read it—he did not put it into my hands, saying, "Read that"—I am sure of that.

Q. Did he not say to you, "Read that, and see what confidence a lady, that I never saw in my life, puts in me?" A. He said that he bad never seen Miss Bailey—I do not recollect his saying, "Read that, and see what confidence a lady, that I never saw, puts in me," or any thing of the sort—he advised me to be as saving as Miss Bailey—he did not add, and then I should soon get as much money of my own—he did not say he was obliging Miss Bailey much more than himself, by taking charge of her money, and that neither she nor her father would ever have had a farthing, only for him—I did not read the paper.

Q. Was it not an acknowledgment for 2800l. odd? A. I do not know whit it was—he told me that he had money of Miss Bailey's in his possession, I cannot tell the sum—he said he had been to Dr. Bailey in the mornning, and had made an appointment to be at his chapel that evening—he told me he was going there on business concerning the money—he told me he wished particularly to go to the chapel, because the doctor, in the morning, had told him, that that evening was to be the last Thursday evening service, and he jokingly remarked, that the doctor had lately got a large property by his father's death, and was getting tired of preaching—I went to the chapel that evening, but I was a little late—I did not see Mr. Smith and the clergyman that preached sitting in the same pew, in tht middle of the chapel—they were not in the middle of the chapel, it was a side-pew, by the pulpit—Mr. Smith, a lady, and the clergyman, were in the same pew, at one side by the pulpit—there was only one lady—there were not "just two ladies"—I was not to say that I was sure there were just two ladies—Dr. Bailey only read prayers—he was expected to preach—I felt very much disappointed that he did not preach—I did not wait to speak to Mr. Smith, because I thought he was engaged.

Q. Did not Mr. Smith, as usual, call on you on Friday, Sept. 9th, 1841, in the evening? A. Yes, he said he was going to see Dr. Bailey, and was obliged to hurry away—I was not well acquainted with Mr. Smith's writing—I never told Dr. Bailey that I was—I could not wear to his writing, I do not know that I ever saw it—to the best of my belief I never saw Mr. Smith's writing.

MR. JONES. Q. Had you ever any business with him, that required that you should see his writing? A. No—I was not called as a witness on the trial at the Court of Common Pleas—since that time I hare stated what I knew of this transaction to Mr. Hill.

Q. And to Dr. Bailey? A. Yes—I did not send him any statement in writing, nor did he take down what I knew—I told him what I have stated to-day—I saw the account of the trial in the newspapers, and I afterwards stated to Dr. Bailey and Mr. Hill what I knew.
(Notice to produce the account-book referred to by thit witness, was admitted by the prosecutor's Counsel.)





CATHERINE GLANVILE
. I was in Dr. Bailey's service—I went into his service on the 25th of April last—I was not in his service before that—I was in the habit of attending his chapel between two and three years before I went into his service—I was not a regular attendant, I went occasionally. I knew the late Mr. Robert Smith—I have seen him at the chapel in the course of the year 1841—I saw him in August that year—the last time I saw him at the chapel was on Thursday, the 12th of Aug., about seven o'clook in the

evening, before the service began—I saw him in the second pew from the pulpit—one person was in the pew with him—that was Mrs. Grey—I know this was on the 12th of Aug., because it was the last time I was there on a week-day—I was examined at Bow-street, but nowhere else.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUMFREY. Q. You knew Mr. Smith for many years? A. Yes—I now live at No. 16, Strutton-ground—my mother does—I live at Dr. Bailey's—I have been backwards and forwards there ever since the 25th of April last—he never applied to me to be a witness—I knew he had a trial, after the trial was over, but not before—I was living at Dr. Bailey's at the time of the trial—Dr. Bailey did not give me any paper in writing.

Q. Well, but I can read a good deal to you that you have got to say; many persons pointed out Mr. Smith to you as the rich old miser, did they not? (referring to paper marked "K") A. Yes—I often saw him at his own window and his own door—I have seen him two or three times at Queen-square chapel, and I saw him at the chapel on the second Thursday in Aug.—he sat in the second pew from the pulpit, the minister's pew—there was one lady in the pew.

Q. Recollect yourself: was he not there with two ladies, and the Rev. Mr. Nickson? A. I believe there were two, I am not sure—after the prayers, Mr. Nickson left the pew for the vestry, to put on his gown to preach—I did not get there till after service began—I remember particularly that it was the last Thursday in Aug., for there was service only on two Thursdays after Dr. Bailey returned from Ireland, where he had been the whole of June and July—this was the last of the two Thursdays, and the last Thursday evening on which there was service—I remember it was the minister's pew in which Mr. Smith sat, for I wondered to see him in that pew at all—I had never noticed him in the minister's pew before—I left the chapel that evening among the first, and could not see Mr. Smith going out—Mr. Nickson preached on both Thursday evenings after the doctor's return from Ireland—I remember this, because I felt great disappointment at not hearing the doctor himself.

MR. JONES. Q. How long did you continue in the doctor's service after the trial? A. I should have been in the service ever since, but I left on account of illness, and was obliged to go to the hospital—I returned again a month from this time—after the trial was over, I spoke to Mrs. Bailey about what I knew about Mr. Smith—I did not speak to the doctor—he did not speak to me about it—I told Mrs. Bailey all I knew about it—I believe the doctor knew I was in the habit of attending his chapel—I did not attend the chapel while I was in the doctor's service—Mrs. Bailey did not write down what I told her—she did not write it down before me—I am not certain whether there were one or two ladies in the pew with Mr. Smith—I am sure Mrs. Grey was there, and Mr. Smith.

Q. When you told what you knew to Mrs. Bailey, was anything said about applying for a new trial, do you remember? A. No—I heard that there was to be a new trial—I knew that my evidence was wanted for that purpose—I was taken to Bow-street by Mr. Flower, the attorney for the prosecution, as a witness for him—I was examined there—I was taken out of the hospital to the police-office.





REV. FRANCIS BASSETT GRANT
. I am a clergyman of the Established Church. I have known Dr. Bailey for about four years—I never heard any other character of him than the most favourable—I had the most perfect confidence in his integrity and uprightness.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUMFREY. Q. Do you know his handwriting? A. Yes, I think I do—I have no hesitation in saying that I think these

papers are his handwriting ("J" and "K")—I have some doubts about this ("I")—it resembles his—the others I am perfectly clear about—this is very much like his writing—to the best of my belief it is his.

MR. JONES. Q. You are not so certain about that? A. No.





ROBERT BROWNING
. I am office-keeper to the Commissioners for building New Churches. I have known Dr. Bailey since 1839—he lodged with me twelve months, and during that time, and subsequently, he has borne the best of characters possible.

Cross-examined.
Q. Did you ever see Mr. Smith, the rich miser, in your house while he lodged with you? A. No, certainly not.

MR. JONES. Q. Did you know anything of him? A. No—I reside in George-street, and my house is in Bridge-street—Dr. Bailey did not lodge in the house where I lived, but in another house where my family lived.
Rev. Richard Hodgson; Rev.—Barber; Jobn Elliott, bookseller, Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square; Edmund Dawe, map-mounter, No. 6, Catherine-street, Queen-square, Westminster; Patrick Townsend Lightfoot, gentleman, James-street, Buckingham-gate; William Henry Pert, apothecary to the Western Dispensary, No. 23, Charles-street, Westminster; John Cox, carpenter and undertaker, No. 42, Orchard-street; Thomas Pool, solicitor, No. 6, South-sqaare, Gray's-lnn; Judith Waghorn, lodging-house keeper, Tunbridge Wells; Rev.—Bickle; William Briden, Parliamentary agent, New Palace-yard, Westminster; and James Briden (brother to last witness); also deposed to the prisoner's good character.

The payers "J" and "K" were as follows:—
(J) "B—b—y—My father knew the late Robert Smith, ironmonger, 7, Great St. Andrew-street, Seven-dials, for at least thirty years—for the last five years he regularly called once a-week, every Friday, to see my mother—about three years ago he first mentioned the Rev. Mr. Bailey to us, for he highly recommended his ministry to us, and told us 'he was the son of one of hit oldest and moat respected friends in the world'—in consequence of Mr. Smith's recommendation, I did go to his chapel, in Queen-square, four or five times, on Thursday evenings only; and the first time I went, I called for Mr. Smith, and accompanied him, and sat in the same pew with him—Mr. Smith, about three yean ago, told us he was managing Miss Bailey's property for her, and he spoke of her as having a great deal of money—I happened to call on Mr. Smith the 12th of August, 1841, in the middle of the day, and he had just written a paper, which was not quite dry, and he put it into my hands to read, saying, 'Read that, and see what confidence a lady that never saw me puts in me;' and he advised me to be as saving as Miss Bailey, and I should soon get as much of my own—he also said he was obliging Miss Bailey much more than himself, by taking charge of Miss Bailey's money, and that neither she nor her father would ever have had a farthing, only for him—I read the said paper, and it was an acknowledgment of 2,800l. and some odd pounds, which Mr. Smith acknowledged he owed to Miss Baileys—he said that he had been at Dr. Bailey's house in the morning, and had made an appointment to be at his chapel that evening, to give him the said acknowlegement; and he wished me to go to the chapel, because the doctor, in the morning, had told him that that evening was to be the last Thursday evening service; and at the same time he jokingly remarked, 'The doctor has lately got a large property by his father's death, and is getting tired of preaching'—I consequently did go that evening, but I Was a little late—I saw Mr. Smith, and the clergyman who preached, sitting in the same pew, in the middle of the chapel, with two ladies—I am sure there were just two ladies—Dr. Bailey only read prayers—I felt much disappointed that Dr. Bailey did not preach

—I thought that Mr. Smith was engaged, and I did not wait to speak to him—Mr. Smith, as usual, called on me on Friday, the 9th of Sept., 1841, in the evening; but he was obliged to hurry away, because he said that he expected Dr. Bailey at the Seven-dials that evening, by appointment, concerning Miss Bailey's affairs; and he also spoke of having seen the doctor that morning, but I forget whether at Mr. Smith's house, or at Dr. Bailey's house—I am well acquainted with his writing."
(K) "Ca—h—rn— I have known Mr. Smith, of 12, Great St. Andrew-street, Seven-dials, for many years—I first saw him in Pitt's, and often afterwards—many persons have pointed him out to me as the 'rich old miser,' and I have often seen him at his own window and door—I have seen him two or three times at Queen-square chapel—I saw him in the chapel on the second Thursday of Aug., 1841, and he sat in the minister's pew, with two ladies and the Rev. Mr. Nickson, but Mr. Nickson, after prayers, left the pew for the vestry, to put on his gown to preach—I went to chapel after service began—I remember it was the second Thursday of Aug., 1841, for there was service only on two Thursdays after Dr. Bailey's return from Ireland, where the doctor had been the whole of June and July, and this was the last of the two Thursdays, and this also was the last Thursday evening on which there was service—I remember it was the minister's pew in which Mr. Smith sat, for I wondered much to see him in that pew at all, and I had never noticed him in the minister's pew before—as I left the chapel that evening among the first, I could not see Mr. Smith going out—on both the Thursday evenings after the doctor's return from Ireland, the Rev. Mr. Nickson preached; and I remember this, for I felt great disappointment at not hearing the doctor himself preach."




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Life.

