




627. 



ANN BROWN
 and 




JOHN BRUMMELL



, stealing 8 umbrellas, value 8s.; the goods of 




George Dowding; having been before convicted.






GEORGE DOWDING
. I keep a linendraper's shop, in Commercial-place. On 14th Jan., at half-past seven o'clock in her evening, I had eight umbrellas standing at my door—I missed them—these are them.

Brummell. You said you believed they were yours. Witness. No; I said I could swear to them—I said before I saw them that they were all hooks and all slate colour, and they are so.





JAMES ARNOLD
. On 14th Jan. the prisoner Brown brought an umbrella into my shop, saying she had seven others, all new, and she would sell them for 4s. 6d.—I asked if she made them—she said yes, and they belonged to a young man who was going to a situation on Monday, and I should have them for 4s. 6d.—I asked where she lived—she said in Queen's Head-lane—I said she had better fetch the others, which she did, in about ten minutes—I asked again if she made them—she said yes; the young mand made the frames, and she covered them—I said, "We had better go to the young man"—I was going with her, and I called an officer, and took him with me—instead of going to Queen's Head-lane, she went to a house in Popham-street, knocked at a room-door, and said, "You are wanted about these umbrellas"—Brummell came to the door, and said he did not know anything about them—Brown said, "You know you sent me with them"—he said, "Well, I did;" and he said to me, "What do you want?"—I said, "I want to know if you made them"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "You can't sell them

for 4s. 6d."—he said, "Yes, I can"—I said, "What sizes are they?"—he said, "Three foot"—I knew there were no such sizes, and gave the prisoner into custody—Brummell said at the station that he bought them for 3s. 6d.





JOHN ALEXANDER
 (policeman, N 433.) I took the prisoners—Brummell first denied all knowledge of the umbrellas—he then said, "Yes, they belong to me; what do you want to know about them?" and afterwards at the station he said, "I bought them of a man who was going in the country for 3s. 6d."

Brummell's Defence. I bought the umbrellas; I did not know they were stolen.





THOMAS WITHERS
 (policeman, N 211.) I produce a certificate of Brammell's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 5th April, 1847, having been before convicted, and confined six months)—he has been here four times.

BROWN.—


NOT GUILTY
.

BRUMMELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

