



1983. 



CATHERINE CONNER
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 5 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the property of 




Edward Walter, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD WALTER
. I am a corporal in the Royal Artillery, at Woolwich. On the 22nd of Sept., between eight and nine o'clock at night, I met the prisoner on London-bridge—she induced me to turn down a dark court with her, on the left—hand side off the bridge—in two or three minutes a man stepped in front of us, and both he and the prisoner ran away—a watchman came up, and asked if I had lost anything, and my purse was gone—it had 5l. 12s. 6d. in it—I had had it about two minutes before, when I crossed the bridge—it was in my right-hand trowsers pocket—I did not feel anything at my pocket—I identified it when it was in the possession of the inspector—the money was init when I saw it again.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. I suppose you would not have gone with her if you had not been drinking? A. I had been drinking a glass of half-and-half—I am married—I should not have gone with her if it had not been for her persuasion—I went down by a dead wall—it was by the side of the railway station, going to Woolwich—it was rather dark there—nothing took place between us—I had not my hand on her—she had her hand on me—I did not give her anything—she did not wait for that—she did

ask me for money, I swear that—after I had been with her some time a man came—I cannot positively assert what the man said—it was something to the effect, "I have caught you"—that was directed to both of us, I presume—the prisoner ran away directly she saw him step in front—I was standing up—I never had to make a similar charge—this is my purse—I have had it some time—there was no word mentioned about what I was to give her——I did not intend to give her anything.





JOSEPH WILLY
. I am a private watchman of Montague-close—a little before nine o'clock that night I saw the prisoner walking with the prosecutor arm in arm, and a man walking twenty yards behind them—they went down a passage, and the other man went and leaned his arm against the boards, where he could peep round the corner—I went to look at that man's face, bat he turned from me—I then went back and told the policeman—I then heard a cough given as a signal, and the man who was standing round the corner went to the prosecutor—the prisoner ran away directly, and the policeman caught her—I then saw her throw the purse down, about three yards behind the policeman—I saw him pick it up.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. I was under the arch first, then I walked down, and saw them go down this dark place together—not half a minute elapsed before the man followed them—he came and leaned against the boards.





THOMAS O'SHAUGHNESSY
 (police-eenstable M 146.) About nine o'clock that evening I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor together in Montagueplace—Willy spoke to me, and called my attention to them—I told him to watch them, while I concealed myself behind a cart—I remained some time, and saw the prisoner approach me, running—she did not see me—I stopped her immediately—I heard something fall on the ground, I stooped for it she got away, but I followed and picked up this purse—when I stooped for it she got away, but I followed and took her again—she entreated me to let her go, and laid she would recompense me on another occasion—for the sake of her poor mother and her child she entreated me to let her go.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she not say, "For God's sake let me go, I did not know I had the purse?" A. Yes, she said a great deal—it was some time before the prosecutor came up—I called him, and another man came up—he was not the prisoner's husband—her husband died last summer——it was a man that is living with her.





WILLIAM LEWIS
 (City police-constable, No. 566.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 11th May, 1846, and confined six weeks)—the prisoner is the person—I had her in custody four years ago for a felony in Monument-yard.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

