



1459. 



WILLIAM JONES



, stealing 1 watch and other articles, value 6l. 11s.; 3 sovereigns, 2 half sovereigns, 3 half-crowns, and 3 sixpences; the property of 



Robert Edwards. (See page 49.)


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





ROBERT EDWARDS
. I am a trooper in the letter "A" troop of the First Regiment of Life Guards—the prisoner was a corporal in the same troop—on 25th January last he occupied a room opposite me in the Regent's-park Barracks—on that day 1 was in my room, where 1 had a box containing a writing-case, a silver watch in a cigar-case, a gold pin, and 3l. 15s. in gold and silver—on the morning of 25th Jan., I was putting some things away in the writing-case, the prisoner came in, and saw me do it, he did not make any remark—I put my things away and left the room about half-past, three o'clock—I did not see the prisoner at that time—I do not know where he was—I did not lock the room door—I left several comrades in the room—I returned about half-past six, and about half-past eight I went to my box—I found it right, but the writing-case had been taken out, and the

articles stated were all gone—I have seen none of them since, except the cigar-case—this is it (produced)—there are the figures "3s. 6d." on it,—which correspond with figures which were on the one I lost.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do you know Mr. Darling? A. Yes; when we were stationed at Windsor I occasionally called at his house—on the day of this robbery there were two other men in my room who were getting ready for duty—the prisoner was not getting ready for duty—he was observing me—I cannot tell whether I left him in the room when I went away or whether he had left before—I have had this case three or four years—I bought it at Nantwich—I will swear to it—I have never said I would not swear to it—every inquiry was made and information given about my loss.

MR. BALLINTINE. Q. You had known Mr. Darling at Windsor? A. Yes—we left there on the 1st of last July—I have not been in Windsor since. William Dakling. I am landlord of the Red Lion, at Windsor. I knew the prisoner while he was stationed there—on 23rd March, he called about twelve o'clock in the day, and wished to leave his great coat—I tool charge of it—he went to the great coat in the course of the afternoon, and he and I were sitting in the parlour smoking and taking a glass of grog—he said he had something he would make me a present of—I said, "What is it?"—he said a cigar-case which came from Canton, in China, that it had been given him by an officer's servant whom he had been doing some work for—I told him I did not want any present, but as it came from there and was a curiosity I would accept of it—I handed it to Haynes on 30th.





JOHN HAYNES
. I am an inspector of police. This cigar-case was given me by Mr. Darling on 30th March—the prisoner was then in custody on another charge.

Cross-examined. Q. You showed it to Edwards? A. Yes—he had described it to me before.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






FREDERICK JONES
. I am a gentleman's servant. The prisoner is my brother—I have no hesitation in saying that I gave this cigar-case to him by the appearance of it—I purchased it at Maidstone two years ago of a person who was travelling about—he told me he had been an officer's servant—I was in a public-house at the time I bought it—I gave it to my brother about two years ago—I told him how I came by it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What public-house was this in? A. I do not know the name of it—it is on the right hand side in going towards the Cavalry depot—I was not in service then—I had been living with Sir Francis Stapleton, but I had left him—I went to see Rochester and some other places—I gave the man half-a-crown and a pint of beer—he asked me more—he may have asked me 3s. or 3s. 6d. for it—I kept it in my possession about a month—I am not a smoker myself, but I bought it in commiseration of the man, who said he had been an officer's servant, and was in trouble—he was a pedlar—he had various little articles—I have never been to China—I am now in the service of Mrs. Martinas, near Farnham—I do not recollect whether I have seen this case since I gave it to my brother—I have been on terms of intimacy with him—I do not recollect whether I saw him in Jan., Feb., or March—I was in town once or twice with my mistress—I called on my brother once, but I do not recollect in what month—I came to town about Christmas, but we only staid a few hours—if I did see my brother in Jan. or Feb., it was when I came up, but I cannot be positive in what month it was—I never heard from him of the robberies that had taken place

—perhaps I bad this case about a month before I gave it to my brother—he was then at Knightsbridge barracks—I was visiting him there as I was out of a situation—we were alone—I have seen him sometimes smoke—cigars—I made him a present of a handkerchief at the same time—he was complaining of wanting one, and it was not ready for him—I took one out, and said, "I will make you a present of one," and I said, "There is a thing that I purchased the other day; if you smoke I will make you a present of it"—I told him I bought it at Maidstone—I mentioned the person who sold it—I did not say how that person obtained it—the person did not tell me how he obtained it.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did the person you bought it of, tell you who he was? A. He said he had been a great deal in India, at Agra, and Delhi, and he described them, and said the people were a warlike ferocious set of men—as I do not smoke I did not very often look inside this case—I described the case before I saw it again—I described it precisely as this is.

JURY
to
ROBERT EDWARDS. Q. Was it known to any of your comrades that you had such a cigar-case? A. Yes two of them are here.





THOMAS REYNOLDS
. I am a private in the 1st Regiment of Life Guards. I know Edwards—I knew he had such a cigar-case as this—I never saw the prisoner have such a one.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you on terms of intimacy with Edwards? A. Yes—I was not intimate with the prisoner—he is a non-commissioned officer—the prosecutor is a private.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
