



226. 




ANN ELIZABETH PHELPS



; feloniously making counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant, F 11). On 4th Dec, about six o'clock in the evening, in consequence of information, I stationed myself on the roof of the Model Lodging-house, Charles-street, Drury-lane, from whence I had a view of the front room of No. 48, on the other side of the street—there was a candle on the table—I saw the prisoner blowing the fire—I went again next evening, and saw the prisoner sitting at the side of the table with something like a mould in her hand—she took something like a small bowl from the fire, and poured something like metal into the mould in two places—she held it in her hand a few seconds, opened the mould, and turned out on the table what appeared to me to be two shillings—I saw her do that perhaps a dozen times, or more—two men and another woman, in a cloak and bonnet, were in the room—one man took something, and appeared to scour it, and then sent it across the table to another man, who appeared to file it, by the movements of his arm—one of the men then went to this pot (a galvanic battery)—when they had done a certain quantity, and counted them over one man, who was without his coat, gave the other, who wore a cap, some money, two pieces, or more—he handed them over to the woman in the bonnet, who put them into a basket, I believe; I could not exactly see, but she had a basket—the man without the coat turned the money over, and put it into his left-hand trowsers'-pocket—he appeared to me as if he had

purchased them—the woman in the bonnet and shawl, and the man in the cap, left the room—the prisoner stayed, still going on with the same process—in a few minutes the man without the coat turned down his shirt-sleeves, buttoned up his clothes, and went out of the room—he returned in a very few minutes, pulled off his coat, and sat down by the side of the table, and commenced rubbing some of the coin—I then left the parapet—I was gone about ten or twelve minutes, and returned with several officers and a ladder, which I rose to the window I had been watching—I went up first with a crow-bar—the prisoner was sitting at the side of the table with something in her hand like a mould—I forced open the window, and sprung into the room—she jumped up, threw down this mould (produced), with a piece of cloth round it, and two sixpences in it, and screamed out—the man was not there—she came towards me to shove me, I suppose, but I got into the room, and was followed by Sergeants West and Dunston—I dragged her from the fireplace to the table, and gave her into Dunston's custody—there was a bright fire, on which was this spoon, with white metal in it, in a fluid state—on the hob I found two moulds, one with two impressions of shillings, and one for half-crowns—on the table were twenty-three sixpences, and two in the mould she threw down; also this electrotype-battery, this spoon, and part of another spoon, this acid in a bottle, these thin pieces of silver, a piece of glass, which has the appearance of a mould of two sixpences having been made on it, and these six pieces of timber, which screw together over the door, and it was shored up at the bottom; it would be impossible to get in; it was not screwed then—it is a frame made the exact height of the room, and pieces to go across (produced)—I asked her where the Doctor was—she said she knew nothing about any doctor; no one lived there but her—one of the men I had seen in the room goes by the name of the Doctor—I knew him before.

Prisoner. He said he saw a woman in a bonnet and cloak, and now he says it was a bonnet and shawl; the whole of your evidence is false. Witness. I believe it was a shawl, but it was very dark—(the witness's deposition being read agreed with his present evidence.)





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-sergeant, V 7). I accompanied sergeant Thompson and Dunston—we waited in Park-street—Thompson joined us, and we went to 48, Charles-street, and raised the ladder—I followed Thompson in at the second-floor window—Dunston was behind me—Thompson took the prisoner and delivered her to Dunston—I found this saucepan with white metal in it, cold—it had been melted—these five or six files were on the table—two of them have white metal on the teeth—I found some whitening on the mantleshelf, in a piece of paper, with a tooth-brush without a handle, in it.





IRA DUNSTON
 (policeman, V 53). I got in at the window last—I found this white pot containing plaister of Paris, a teacup containing a small quantity of sand and water, and five counterfeit half-crowns of the same year as the moulds produced—the prisoner was given into my custody—I took her away.

Prisoner. You are not the man who had me, it was a much taller man; he used me most shamefully, and laid my head open with an iron crow-bar; here is the mark on my eye now; he threw me on the bed, and said, "Gag her," and you two know the man, and said, "Don't ill use her so." Witness. I know nothing of it—I did not know that you were beaten—I did not see blood flowing from your head as I took you to the station.





JOSEPH THOMPSON

re-examined. She was so violent it took Dunston and another man to hold her—they said they would gag her if she was not quiet—she kept calling for water—we gave her some—she said she was

going to have a fit in a minute—I did not tee Dunston strike her—I hit her on the head with a bar as I got into the room, because she tried to push me out of the window when I was on the ladder—the other man was a constable of the A division—I do not know his number—he came in at the door—I can find him in a minute.





JOHN RICHARDS
. I am agent to Charles Paternoster, the landlord of 48, Charles-street, Drury-lane. I live there—on 16th Nov. I let the prisoner the room, which has been spoken of, No. 6—she went by the name of Polly Firelock—she paid 3s. 6d. a week; 7d. nightly, and nothing on Sunday—she always paid me—before that, she lived in No. 6 room of 2, Smith's-court.

Prisoner. Q. You did not see my door screwed up in this manner? A. No; but I was only in the room once—the timber was then on the floor—that was on the 18th, two days after you came.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. This sixpence of William IV.; 1834, and of Victoria, 1844, were cast in this mould, with the cloth round it—here are twenty-three sixpences from it—here are two unfinished, with the get on them'—the one mould serves for the two different sixpences—here is a mould for half-crowns—in my judgment these five half-crowns were cast in it—here is another mould for a shilling of George III. and William IV.; but there are no impressions from it—the coins are all Britannia metal—this part of a spoon and this melted metal are Britannia metal—I do not understand the battery—these files, sand, and plaister of Paris, are all useful in the preparation of counterfeit coin.

Prisoner's Defence. Thompson's evidence is quite false; I had quarrelled and fought with a woman, and she said she would do for me on another day; on the Monday night before I was taken I was very tipsy, and was standing at the corner of Charles-street, when Tom Ansell, whom she lives with, who makes and passes this sort of money, said, "I will transport you for ten or fifteen years, and will get 2l. 10s. for doing it;" on the Tuesday I was very ill from the drink; I went out with a woman to pledge a pair of boots; when I came back I found the coins put on my table, and the window went up, and I was knocked down, and struck with an iron crow-bar, and handcuffed; I was tipsy on the Monday when Thompson says he saw me making the coin; I saw Thompson take out his handkerchief with something in it, wipe his face with it, and lay something on the table; he pulled the moulds from his pocket, ran to the fire, and said, "I have got the moulds, hurrah!" ten of them; they have put in all they found deficient.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

