




765. 




CHARLES WRIGHT
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of January, 40lbs. weight of hay, value 2s., the goods of 



John Masser Dean Stanley, his master; and 





JACOB DAWSON



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN MASSER DEAN STANLEY
. I am a farmer at Hornchurch, in Essex—Wright was my wagoner. I had occasion early in the morning of the 19th of January, to send him with a load of hay from Hornchurch to London—William Patten, my boy, was to accompany him—I do not know at what time they left—two or three days after, Richardson, a policeman, produced some hay to me—I examined it—I had hay on my premises in stack—I had reason to believe that the hay shown to me was part of my stack—the prisoner had no right to cut hay from my stack for the purpose of his horses—he had strict orders to the contrary—he had ample provision of corn and chaff for his horses on the road—so much so, that they often bring some back—I send it in nose-bags, and they have a sack also—I know nothing of Dawson.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean to say he was never allowed to take hay to feed his horses? A. Never, I never knew of his taking hay before—I cannot exactly swear to this hay, for two trusses resemble each other—he had been in my service about five months.





WILLIAM PATTEN
. I am in the service of the prosecutor. I was mate to Wright on the morning of the 19th of January, when we went up from Hornchurch—we started about three o'clock in the morning—I met the wagoner at the farm—there is a hay-knife belonging to the farm—he took it out of the stack and cut a bit of hay out square, like a truss, nearly a truss, and put it on the top of his load—he stuck the knife in the stack again—as we were going up, before we got to East Ham he said, "Don't you say nothing about this bit of hay to nobody"—I did not say any thing—we went on till we came to the Rising Sun in East Ham—Dawson is ostler there—when we got there we stopped—the nose-bags were put on the horses—after that, Wright got up on the top of the cart, and chucked the bundle of hay down to Dawson, and he took it into bis stable—I heard no conversation—I knew that Wright bad no right to any hay for his horses—no one was up on the premises in the morning when we started—after the horses had been fed at the Rising Sun, we went on to London—no hay was given to the horses by me or Wright—when we got to the farm two or three days after, Wright said, "There is a policeman, I don't know what he is after"—he said, "Don't you say any thing about that hay to your master."

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure you did not chuck it down yourself? A. Yes, I thought Wright was doing wrong—I did not like to tell my master—I thought he would have hided me—I did not tell any one about it till Mr. Stanley asked me—I went home with the horses—we used often to stop at that public-house, and occasionally to feed there—the foreman got the corn for them out of the granary—the prisoner cut the hay from the stack—I cannot say how often we fed the horses at this house—we stopped there a good many times—he cut the hay on the Tuesday morning, and I told my master about it on the Saturday afternoon—Johnson did not tell me he would hide me if I told—I did not expect to get any thing I am sure—we got to the Sun public-house about seven o'clock.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How old are you? A. Thirteen—I had been a good many times down the road—the ostler and Wright knew one another—the food for the horses was put in the nose-bags, and in a bag—we were not allowed to take hay for the horses, or to give to the ostler.





JAMES WEST
 (police-constable K 113.) On the 23rd of January, I apprehended Wright—after he had been before the Magistrate, I was taking

him to the gaol at Ilford, and he said on the road that the boy Patten had told a story about seeing him deliver some hay to the ostler at the Rising Sun public-house—he said, "It was impossible, he was at the back of the house and I was in the front,"—he said, "I know I have done wrong—I cut a piece of hay from the stack, tied it up, and put it on the top of my load, for the purpose of feeding my horses."





WILLIAM RICHARDSON
. I am an Inspector of Police at Ilford. On the 19th of January, I went to Dawson, the ostler, at the Rising Sun, about eleven o'clock—I asked him to show me where his hay and corn were kept—he took a key out of his pocket, opened a door and said, "There, look at that; I can show you another like that"—he walked away sharply—I followed, and when he was about thirty yards ahead of me, he cut way—I pursued and overtook him.

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—



Confined Six Months.

DAWSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
