



752. 




GEORGE WORTLEY



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Catherine Harvey on the head, with intent to do her grievous bodily harm.






CATHERINE HARVEY
. I am an unfortunate girl, and live at 5, Bell-alley, Limehouse—the prisoner lived there with a young woman, who kept the house—on Tuesday, 13th Feb., about one o'clock in the morning, he came into my room and said, "Catherine Harvey, you have got too much talk"—I said, "What in?"—he said "You are too fast"—I said, "What in?" and with that, he up with his fist and struck me in the mouth—Margaret Hilligan, who was sitting alongside me, said, "George, don't strike her"—he said, "You b----wh—e, I will strike you too"—the young woman he lives with advised me to go up to bed, I did so—he ran up after me—I threw up the window—he said, "If you speak another word, I will throw you out"—he caught hold of me, and had it not been for Hilligan, he would have done it—next day I went and got a warrant for him, and when I returned, he was waiting in the room for me—he said, "I will have your life"—he took hold of me round the waist, and threw me on the floor, then took up a piece of the table that was broken, and cut ray head with it—it bled a great deal, and I have been under the doctor's hands with it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PLUMPTRE. Q. How long has the prisoner been living in this house? A. About eighteen months altogether—he has left several times and come back again—I did not give him any provocation—I never spoke an angry word to him—he was not sober on the first occasion—he was not quite so drunk the second-time.





MARGARET HILLIGAN
. I live in this house. After Harvey had taken out the warrant, we were sitting down, having a cup of tea—the prisoner was sitting on the sofa—he got up, and smashed the milk-pot at Harvey—it did not hit her—he then jumped up, and began to break the things—he broke the table, took up a piece of it, and cut her across the head with it, saying,
"You b----wh—e, I will have your life"—I told him he ought to be ashamed of himself—he said to me," You b—cow, I will take and have your life"—I said, "What for, George?"—he said, "I will let you know what for"—he took up a knife, and aimed it at my face, but I caught it with my hand, and it cut my hand.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the knife open? A. Yes—it was not a clasp-knife—he was not so tipsy as he pretended to be—he was sober enough in the morning; but he very often pretends to be tipsy in order to knock up a piece of work—he had had a little drink, but was not to say the worse for it.





RONALD ROBERTSON
. I am a surgeon. I examined Harvey—she had some wounds on the top of her head an inch long, and penetrating to the bone—they might have been dangerous.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years. (The witnesses


stated that the prisoner had lived upon the proceeds of their prostitution.)
