





2263. 




FREDERICK FLETCHER,



 HENRY GEAR
, and 




ROBERT SHEPHERD
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Field, on the 
12th of July, at 

St. Marylebone, and stealing therein, 5 sovereigns, 4 half-sovereigns, 8 half-crowns, 2 Shillings, 1 sixpence, 1 franc, and 1 half-franc; his monies.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD FIELD
. I am a grocer, and live in Salisbury-street, Lisson-grove, Marylebone. On Thursday, the 13th of July, about a quarter to seven o'clock in the morning, I examined the back window and door of my premises—I had not examined them before—the back door was safe, but the back parlour window thrown open and propped up—a square of glass was cut out, to undo the fastening—I had seen that window safe at two o'clock that morning, when I went to bed—I have a cheffonier on the right of the window of that room, and on it was a box containing five sovereigns, four half-sovereigns, 8 half-crowns, some shillings, franc-pieces, and a half-franc—I had had the franc about two months—it was very much worn, rather bent in and had a dark stain on it—I examined the premises at the top, leading

to the washhouse, and found a veil on the roof of the premises—it had been in a washing-tub in the wash-house the night before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you sure you fastened the window on the night before? A. Perfectly—I have a distinct recollection of it.





THOMAS SHAW
 (police-constable D 112.) On the Thursday morning, the 13th of July, between two and three o'clock, I was on duty, by the prosecutor's premises, and I saw the three prisoners—Shepherd was on the same side of the way as I was, and the other two on the opposite side, near the prosecutor's house—I had to pass all three of them—as I passed, Gear said, "Look at that b—over the way," alluding to me—there was nobody else in the street—they were dressed very shabbily, worse than they are now—I knew their persons before—they were standing about the street, not walking at all—two were about twenty yards from Field's, and the other about forty yards—I passed on to my home—I had just been relieved—on the middle of Friday night I went with the officer to Gear's lodging, and found him in company with a woman in bed—he said, "Oh, you b—, I know what you are come about; you have come about that crack in Salisbury-street"—crack means housebreaking—he said I should not take him, but Hall, who was with me, should—Hall took him—I had not opened my mouth about any robbery being committed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. It was known in that neighbourhood, was it not, that the robbery was committed? A. I should say it was.





JOHN HALL
 (policeman.) I accompanied Shaw to take Gear in a common brothel, in bed with two women—I woke him up—he turned round to Shaw and said, "Oh, I know what you have come about, you b—, you have come about the crack in Salisbury-street"—I said, "If you know about it, get up"—he said to Shaw, "You shan't take me, Jack Hall shall"—I took him—I had seen Shepherd pass me about ten o'clock on the morning of the robbery, before I had any information of it—I noticed his clothes—he had the same old blue coat on that he has now—he was in company with a sweep—I saw him again between eleven and twelve that day—he then had a frock-coat on, and a new hat—he was dressed better, and different—I saw Fletcher first that day between eleven and twelve, with this new waistcoat and coat on—I have known him two years—I never saw him with such good clothes on before—I saw him every day in the week—on the Tuesday he had a flannel jacket.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you see Shepherd in the new coat? A. It must have been between eleven and twelve—I saw him with the sweep in the other dress, about ten, or a quarter to ten.





JOHN TURNER
 (policeman.) I took Shepherd into custody at half-past one o'clock on Friday, the 14th, which was the day after the robbery—I met him in Devonshire-street, and said I wanted him—I asked if he was aware what it was for—he said, "No"—I asked if he knew the other two prisoners were in custody—he said, "No"—I said he must go with me to the station—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For a robbery in Salisbury-street"—he said, "What is taken?"—I said I believed there was nothing but money gone—he said he did not mind being remanded on that suit—I found a key on him, which I have tried to the street-door next to the prosecutor's—it opened it—that door would enable the parties to get to the prosecutor's premises over the washhouse.

Cross-examined. Q. Did any people live in the next house? A. Yes, I believe there are lodgers there—this is a common key, but it appears to be bent round.





JAMES PERRY
. I am barman to Mr. Alderson, of Devonshire-street,

Lisson-grove—I know the prisoners by their coming into the bar to be served—I saw them on Thursday the 13th, both separate and together at the house—when I first saw them they were not dressed as they are now—they were rather shabbily dressed at first—they were in and out at our house—on the following day I saw Gear—he had a glass of rum about half-past twelve on Thursday—he gave me a franc—I gave him sevenpence halfpenny change—I told him it was only worth tenpence—we parted with it the same day—I noticed it when I took it—it was worn a good deal and bent—there was a black mark on it, which appeared to be wax, or something of that kind—the morning before that, they were not dressed so well as then—I had seen them all together an hour before, but not afterwards—I had seen them together two or three times that Thursday morning about half-past nine or ten, o'clock—there were other people with them—I saw them come into the house—they came in together—I did not notice any more with them at ten o'clock—we may take a franc-piece about once a month.





JOHN THOMAS BURROWS
. I am a clothes salesman in Great James-street, Lisson-grove. On Thursday morning, the 13th of July, at half-past ten o'clock, I saw the three prisoners together—Shepherd first purchased a coat, waistcoat, trowsers, and hat, and changed a sovereign and half a sovereign to pay for them—he went away, and came back in about ten minutes with Fletcher and bought a coat and hat, for which he changed half a sovereign, and paid 6 shillings in silver—Gear came in about half an hour after with the other two and bought a coat, waistcoat, and hat, and paid a sovereign and a half sovereign—this coat was bought by Fletcher, the waistcoat and coat by Gear—they had shabby clothes on when they came.

Cross-examined. Q. How much did Gear lay out? A. 27s., Fletcher laid out 14s.—I did not see that he had any other money.

FLETCHER.—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

GEAR.—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

SHEPHERD.—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.






Transported for Ten years.


Before Mr. Baron Rolfe.

