



330. 




SAMUEL SMITH MICKLEBURGH



. embezzling the sums of 2l. 8s.—2l. 2s., and 1l. 8s.; the moneys of 



William Henry Fleming, his master.


MESSRS. CLARRSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILIIAM HENRY FLEMING
. I am a brewer, of Camberwell-green. The prisoner was my clerk, and had been so several years—it was his duty to receive money paid at the counting-house from the draymen, who might collect it in the course of their rounds, and from customers who called to pay—it was his duty to keep a day-book, cash-book, and ledger—when goods went out it was hisduty to enter them in the day-book, and also to enter in the day-book and cash-book all moneys received—it was his duty to enter money in the day-book as soon as it was paid, and in the course of the day to enter all he had received in the cash-book—I used to look at both books, and it was from them that I received information of the receipts—I balanced the day-book every week, and ascertained whether the cash-book corresponded with it, and if I did I put my initials to them, as correct—it was his duty to keep the ledger—that was posted from the day-book—both goods and money would appear there—if carried from the day-book into the ledger, it would be carried to the different customers' accounts—sometimes I examined the ledger and the day-book, but at other times the prisoner and the boy in the office did—I did not examine the ledger so frequently as the day-book—if goods appeared in the ledger which were not paid, I should send to the customer at the usual time for the amount—I send in the bills every three months—they were made out on the accounts appearing due in the ledger—the prisoner left on 3rd Oct.—before that I bad balanced the cash-book with him—he did not mention any sums of money but those that appeared there—after he left I looked at all the books, and made extracts from the ledger—this is a list made from a longer list, which I made firs:—(produced)—one list has been destroyed, and two preserved—the one from which this was made is destroyed—I showed this one to the prisoner, and also the others—I sent for him on 27th Oct., after I had examined the books—I then showed him this list—the day-book, the ledger, and cash-book were before me—I called his attention to these sums of 2l. 8s. on 8th March, 2l. 2s. on 22nd March, and 28s. on 1st June—none of those items appeared in the cash or day-book—they appear by the ledger to have been paid—I pointed those out to him, with other sums—he appeired confused, and said he could not make out how it was that the sums were posted in the ledger, not being in the day-book, there must be some mistake—I asked if the cash in the cash-book

agreed with the day-book always—he said it did—he looked through the cash and day-books, and I told him he had robbed me of the money, and that it was a serious charge—my brother, who is an attorney, was present—he told the prisoner he did not wish him to commit himself there, that if he would appoint his solicitor to meet him with me next morning at half-past nine o'clock, we would open the books to his inspection—he left shortly after writing a note to his solicitor—he commenced writing it on the back of an old letter—I handed him some note-paper, envelopes, and sealing-wax—he then wrote a note, sealed it, and took it away with him—about four o'clock, before I left, I locked up the books—the whole of them had been examined in the prisoner's presence—they were in the iron safe, close to the counting-house door—I received information in the course of the night, went to my premises about one in the morning, and found them in flames—the brewery and dwelling-house are entirely destroyed, and the premises adjoining the counting-house where the books were kept—one story below was saved, and the stables—in searching the premises 1 found some books, partly burnt, and some not burnt at all—two ledgers and part of a day-book are here—this is the ledger of 1848—(produced)—it was perfect when I left it, on 27th—it is now partially destroyed by fire—the cash-book, in which these three accounts were, is totally destroyed—from March up to June inclusive are destroyed—I find no entry in the ledger of Bagsbaw's account, on 4th March—there is 2l. 8s. to Bagshaw's credit, on 8th March, as received, in the prisoner's writing—here is George Dollond's account, 22nd March, credit for 1l. 2s. in the prisoner's writing—there is no entry on 16th March—on 1st June credit is given to Baron's account for 1l. So. in the prisoner's writing—I had pointed out to the prisoner that those three sums did not appear in the cash or day-book, and requested him to look in advance and back, and see if they were entered in any other date, but he could find no entry—on 1st June Mr. Baron's servant ought to have brought the book down—this is it—(produced)—it is receipted by the prisoner when the money was paid—here is, "By cash, S. Mickleburgh, 1l. 8s."—here is George Dollond's bill, "By cash, S. Mickleburgh, 16th March, 1848, 2l. 2s."—here is Mr. Bagshaw's bill, "Received for Fleming and Co., 4th March, 1848, 2l. 2s."—all in the prisoner's writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. How long was the prisoner in your service? A. Upwards of eight years—I had given him notice to leave before Midsummer, but he remained until Oct.—he had not obtained another situation, and I consented to his remaining—I did not ask him to stay—a disagreement between us took place on 2nd Oct.—I had been to Croydon that day, and when I returned Lewis, an exciseman, Was on my premises—I am not aware that he said he came for an Act of Parliament—I thought he had no business there—I did not swear at the prisoner that I am aware of—I do not remember that I told him to keep his friends off my premises, or anything of that sort—he did not say, "I am here working for you from seven in the morning till nine at night, and if any person wants me, they must come here to see me," as an excuse for his friends calling on him—he said he was in the counting-house from seven o'clock in the morning till seven at night, and thought it was long enough for any clerk who received his salary—Mr. Lewis was in the passage leading to my counting-house—I had previously given the boy instructions, that if Lewis came to the counting-house so frequently, to order him away—he was in the habit of coming there frequently for beer—Lewis had heard this from the boy, and said, "I want to speak to you, sir"—I said, "What is it?"—he said, "I understand you told the boy 1 was not

to come here for beer"—I said, "Certainly, I don't see what right you have here"—he said he thought he had a right to beer, for he had given instructions to Mr. Miekleburgh in gauging, and he was one of the best gaugers in the kingdom, and worth 700l. a year—I then said, "You have been teaching Mickleburgh gauging in my time!" and Mickleburu'h answered, "It was not in your time, it was after your time, that is, from seven in the morning till seven at night, and that is enough for my salary"—I ordered Lewis off the premises, and I said to the prisoner, "If your services are worth 700l. a year in gauging, you had better go and get it; I will not be bullied in my own counting-house"—I told him next morning he should come and make up his accounts, and settle his cash-book, and we would part—I did not ask for the key and the cash that night—I swear I did not say, "D----you, if I find one shilling wrong in your accounts I will transport you"—he did not collar me—he never attempted such a thing—I cannot swear whether Mr. Dance was there, Mr. Standon was—he is the son of a publican—no one came in and separated us—we never came together or quarrelled in that way—he never attempted to make any quarrel about the matter—I do not know that I used an oath, or any expression of the sort, I deny that he attempted to make any difficulty about the matter, I told him to make up his books, and he never appeared violent to me at all, nor I to him: I merely stated what I have said, and he received it as a servant should—I do not remember saying to him, "If you want your pals, wait till your time is over"—the prisoner called next day on me, made up his cash-book, and paid over the balance—I paid him his wages every month: 26l.—there was a quarter owing—I did not give him a quarter in advance—he was hired at monthly wages—there was a regular agreement to that effect, but it was destroyed by the fire—we examined the day and cash-books together, and made them balance—he told me, before leaving, that if there was any incorrectness in the accounts he would come and explain them—it was on Tuesday, the 3rd Oct., that he made up the cash-book with me, and paid me over the balance—he helped Dance to pay the men on the following day—I met him on 25th Oct.—he did not ask me to be allowed to go through the accounts—he did not say anything about the accounts—he asked me to give him a character, to obtain a situation at Messrs. Combe, Delafield, and Co-'s—I had then discovered several of the accounts that he had embezzled, and I avoided a direct answer, and said I would consider of it—I had gone through the accounts with Mr. Dance, and I showed some of them to my father—I had not gone through the whole; we only took the ledger from the day the prisoner left me backwards to 1st Jan., 1848—we there discovered 86l. odd deficient in the prisoner's writing—on 25th Oct. the prisoner offered to come to the premises and take out the book-debts—(after the bills are delivered to the customers, it was our habit to enter the whole amount of them in a book, to assist in the collection of them—that is what we call taking out the book-debts, taking out the amount due on the ledger into another book)—I thanked him, and said if I wanted him I would send for him.

Q. On 26th Oct. did you go to his brewery? A. I went to Mr. Turney's brewery, in Addington-square, Camberwell, to see the prisoner—I did not know that the prisoner was brewing there—I was not aware that he was managing that brewery—I know Mr. Turney—I went to ask the prisoner to come to the counting-house on the next day—I had been to his house to inquire for him, and his wife said he was at Mr. Turney's—I think I sent a clerk to ask for him—the answer was not that he was at his own brewery, in Addington-square—I saw Mr. Turney at the brewery—I went in my chaise

—I think I shook bands with the prisoner when I got out, I do not know that I did, I will not swear it—I really do not know whether I did or not—Mr. Turncy took me over the brewery, and the prisoner accompanied us—I asked him to come to the counting-house at two o'clock next day, to take out the book-debts, not to go through the accounts—I wanted him for the purpose of tolling him of those accounts which were irregular—I did not tell him so—I took a glass of ale with Mr. Turney before I left—the prisoner asked me to taste some ale—I did so—I think it was of his brewing—Mr. Turney and he were together—I tasted several casks of beer—I think the prisoner said they were his brewing—I said I thought they were very good—I did not tell him one word about the embezzlement I had found out—I should have thought he would not have come, if I had—he came according to appointment—my solicitor was there—I had not told the prisoner the day before, that I would have my solicitor there—my brother suggested that the prisoner should come on a future occasion, provided with his own solicitor—one of the draymen's books of 1848 was produced on that occasion—there are two draymen's books relating to this day-book, and two relating to the other—one of those books was produced at this interview—the other the drayman had out—I do not know whether those of the second ledger were out, but they did not refer to this—there has been no indictment preferred against the prisoner for the first item on this paper, "Gale, 7l. 1s., 29 May"—I swear there was no entry of that 7l. 1s. in the day-book or in the cash-book—I entered into conversation with the prisoner about it—from that item we went to Crowder's, which was next—I swear I have no entry in any of my books of the 7l. 1s., as paid to myself—I did not direct the prisoner to make an entry of it in the ledger in his own writing—I swear I never directed him to do anything of the sort—there were cross accounts between me and Gale—he is a cork-cutter, and supplied me—I do not recollect my brother "saying, "What do you propose to do about the errors?" when the prisoner said on referring to his book that there were errors somewhere—I did not see the prisoner endeavouring to extricate the horses at the fire—I saw him there—I do not know that he was wet, or that he was endeavouring to extinguish it, for I gave him in charge as soon as I saw him; I was hunting him out—he did not come up to me with Dance and say, "This is a dreadful affair, Sir, "or anything of the sort—he was taken before the Magistrate next morning—I believe he was not remanded on the charge of arson, but discharged; as there was not sufficient evidence; but as he was leaving the Court, the charge of embezzlement was made, and a remand was granted—part of Mr. Branch, his father-in-law's, premises abut on mine—he did not live there—part of his furniture was on my premises in a little back room of the dwelling-house, at the back of the counting-house, which was burnt down—I was insured—I had four ledgers; two are here relating to the private trade, and two relating to the public-house trade are destroyed—I am able to show from this book what my debts are—I did not apply for a remand on the arson case in order to have an investigation before the Coroner: I think my brother, who managed the case, mentioned it, and the Magistrate thought it would be a very good plan—I know Mr. De Pledge very well; I never told him the brewery was a d----d expensive concern, and I wished it was burnt down—I had four ledgers, three day-books, and a cash-book—I had a private cash-book, ledger, and journal; there were drayman's books besides, and load-books, which the beer was booked into—sometimes, when the goods were entered in the day-book, the drayman would receive the money and enter it in his book, the name of the drayman would appear in the cash-book—there are four draymen; one is named Moore—

when the prisoner comes home, he enters the gross amount received from the draymen in the cash-book., in the draymans name—the dravrmn would bring his book and call out the names, and the prisoner booked it into the day-book; the draymen's books were made out by districts—it might happen that a drayman in one district would receive a sum for another; that would go down in the day book on the day in which he received it—the voucher given by the drayman to the customer is the receipted bill signed by himsell—it may have occurred that a receipt has been signed by the drayman before he went out, but not to my knowledge—when I received money, I never told the prisoner to give a receipt for it—if he gave the receipt, he took the money—I may have taken it from a customer's hand and given it him if he receipted the bill—I never told him to give a receipt, and put the money into my) pocket—I had a customer at Lambeth Workhouse—I have frequently received 172l., there, it was always by cheque—I cross the cheque, and generally take a receipt and write it there—I have not asked the prisoner to give a receipt, to my knowledge; I will not swear I have not—I have a lease of "The Fleece" public-house; a friend of the prisoner's, had it, who died: the prisoner had lent him 50l., and the widow did not wish to continue the house, I bought it of her—I allowed the prisoner to let the 50l. remain; I owed it him—I paid him by a cheque on 17th Jan.—he had not an interest in the house—he has made no further claim against me—I do not know that a message was sent to Hunt, to ask whether she had paid the 2l. 2s. or not, she is the person who pays for Mr. Dollond—the prisoner did not mention that to me when the lists were produced—I receive from 12, 000l. to 13000l. in the year, a large portion of which would pass through the prisoner's hands.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What amounts have you received from the Lambeth workhouse? A. From 75l. to 300l.—they were entered by me in the day-book, and by the prisoner in the cash-book—I handed the cheque over to him on all occasions, having first crossed it—I have paid no money over to him since January, 1848: our plan changed then, and he has only made up his cash-books of the sums he received—they appear in the cash-book, but are not carried out into the margin—he writes on the top, "Mr. Fleming's collection," and I should not charge his account with it—the sums the draymen received were entered in the day-book to the separate customers who paid them—I was insured in the "Kent Fire-office" for 1400l., and in the "Phœnix" for 3600l.—my claim on one, for the part that was burnt, was 2700l., and on the other 1300l.—I have been paid both, but not the whole of the 2700l.; they charged me for the salvage.

COURT. Q. Were appointments made, after the first examination before the Magistrate, with the prisoner to go through the accounts? A. The accounts were destroyed—there was a meeting with his solicitor at my brothers house, I think—I then had these books—the Magistrate requested that an opportunity might be given to the prisoner to go through the books as far as we could procure them, and we did so—he has not given me any explanation since.





CATHERINE HUNT
. I am in the service of Mr. George Dollond, of North-terrace, Cimberwell, who deals with Mr. Fleming for beer—on 16th March I paid the prisoner 2l. 2s. for beer—he gave me this receipt (read—"Received or G. Dollond, Esq., for ale, 2l. 2s." Signed—"by cash, S. Mickleburgh, 16th March, 1848."

Cross-examined Q. Were you sent for to know whether it was paid or not? A. No—I never was at Mr. Fleming's—there was a mistake me one bill, but Mr. Dolland did ill it rectified, and we had a fresh bill—there was no alteration made Mr. Fleming's books—it was about lour months ago.






JANE BAGSHAW
. My late husband, John Bagshaw, who died in Oct., used to deal with Mr. Fleming—he sometimes paid the bills himself—I found this—receipt among his papers (read—" Mr. Bagsliaw to W. H. Fleming and Co., for ale, 2l. 8s. Received for Fleming and Co. S. Micklebnrgb. 4th March, 1848.")





LEOPOLD DELAHAY
. I was formerly in the service of Mr. Baron, a customer of Mr. Fleming's—on 1st June I paid Mr. Mickleburgh 1l. 8s. for two and a half casks of table ale, at the counting-house—he gave me this receipt (read—"By cash, 1l. 8s. S. Mickleburgh.)





THOMAS BRAND FLEMING
. I am the prosecutor's brother—I attended as his professional adviser at the commencement of this business, and it was subsequently handed over to another attorney.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you remember the interview which took place between your brother and the prisoner, at which you were present? A. Yes—I suggested that the prisoner should be provided with a solicitor—I do not recollect the prisoner saying, after his attention had been called to some of these items which he could not explain, "there must be an error somewhere, what do you propose to do with the errors?"—it might have been said—after the first examination before the Magistrate, an appointment was made by Mr. Tucker, the prisoner's solicitor, to go into the accounts—that was at my father's house, at Champion-hill—the books were taken there—I went there—it was postponed, at my suggestion, to a subsequent day—it did take place a day or two afterwards.





SAMPSON DARKIN CAMPBELL
 (police-inspector). I took the prisoner into custody, at Mr. Fleming's desire, for setting his house on fire—on the way to the station, he said he thought the proceedings of Mr. Fleming savoured rather of vindictiveness; he supposed it arose from a suspicion he entertained of some alleged deficiencies in his accounts.

Cross-examined. Q. And he said, I think, that two or three errors had been pointed out to him by Mr. Fleming, but he believed he should satisfy him there were no errors, he had no doubt? A. Yes—I was at the fire—I did not see the prisoner there till he was given into custody—he was then wet—the charge of arson was not gone into at all before the Magistrate—Ann Cooper, and a person who was on the top of an omnibus, were examined, and then the case was dismissed—the prisoner accounted for where he was on the 27th—he was taken in custody in front of the premises.





JOHN WILLIAM ROOD
, a fellow clerk with the prisoner; Mr. Catchpole, tobacconist; William Spratt, beer-seller; Manning Gathercole, corn-dealer; Mr. Goodwin, a clerk; and James Brown, licensed-victualler, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 33. Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury, on account of his previous good character.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were other indictments against the prisoner.)
