




783. 




FRANCIS CHAMBERLAIN
 and 




JOHN CHAMBERLAIN
 were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of January, 1 fender, value 8s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 15s.; and 7 yards of printed cotton, value 3s.; the goods of 



John Board, the master of the said 



Francis Chamberlain.






JOHN BOARD
. I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner Francis was in my employ—about twenty minutes after eight o'clock, on the 6th of January, I saw him give his father this brass fender—I was in my shop—he was not aware I was looking at him—it was outside the door for sale—he handed it to his father, and, as I thought, something else at the same time—I then immediately had the whole of my goods got into the shop, and the shop shut up directly—I called Francis into the parlour, and said, "I have a question to ask you, Francis; what property have you given your father of mine to-night?"—he stood a little while, and said, "I will tell you, and I hope you will forgive me; I gave him a brass fender to-night"—I

believe I had told him I had seen it—I said, "It is not all, Francis; you have given him more"—he said, "Well, I will tell you, air, and I hope you will forgive me; I have given him a pair of trowsers, and a piece of cotton"—I said I would not forgive him, I had been so much robbed, and it was too bad of him to rob me—he said he was very sorry, he did not care for himself, he cared for his father—I sent for a policeman, and he was taken to the station, we then went to the father's, in a cab, to search, and found there a fender, a pair of trowsers, the cotton, and other articles—he was very quarrelsome, and when we came to the drawer where the clothes were, he said, "It is no use your looking at them, for there is nothing there belonging to you, those were made for my son some time ago"—I looked into the sleeve, and they had my mark on them—the trowsers have my mark on them—they cost me 16s.—I asked him for them—he said, "There they are, take them,"and he chucked them at me—the fender was found there—thecotton he gave roe, and said, "There is your trowsers, and there is your cotton, take them," and chucked them at me—the cotton I had seen some days before, and the trowsers the Saturday before—I had never sold the cotton, trowsers, or fender, to any body—he denied having them altogether at first, and I said I would break a window, and call a policeman, if he did not give me the property—he said, "Hold your tongue, don't make a noise, there is no occasion for a policeman"—I said, "Very well, give me the property"—I had the opportunity of stopping him with the fender, but I wished to get the father.





WILLIAM ROMAINE
. I am a policeman. I received Francis in charge, and took him to the station—he confessed that he had robbed his master, but said his father was not guilty; he understood that he had purchased them that evening of his master—I went with Mr. Board to Nelson-terrace, Islington, where the father lived, and he was given into my custody—I found the coat and waistcoat in the room—the carpet, fender, and cotton, had been given up to Mr. Board when I got in—the trowsers were found in a drawer up stairs—I took out a coat, and he said that coat was made for his son; in fact, all the clothes in the drawer he said were made for his son—Mr. Board looked at them, undid the sleeve of the coat, and saw his private mark—the trowsers and waistcoat were marked the same.

John Chamberlain. I gave the trowsers to Mr. Board before you were up stairs. Witness. There were two pairs of trowsers besides with the marks—I did not see the trowsers in Mr. Board's possession when I went in.

MR. BOARD
re-examined. He gave me a particular pair of trowsers, which I had on my arm.

Francis Chamberlain's Defence. I sold my father all the articles; they are all entered in the sale-book in the regular way, except the fender; I had 15s. coming to me; my father was; to pay me 9s. for it, and I was to settle with my master on the Sunday morning; all the articles were sold and paid for; the money is put into a till, and at night we balance all the accounts up; I never said I had robbed him.

John Chamberlain's Defence. I paid 12s. for the trowsers, and 3s. 8d. for the cotton; I was to pay 9s. for the fender; I had not the money, but said I should be able to make it up on Saturday night; he said, "Never mind that, father, I will pay my master, and you can pay me on Sunday morning."

MR. BOARD
re-examined. The things would not be entered in the sales—

book unless I had the money—the book is not here—nothing is entered in it—I never received a farthing for any articles—the trowsers cost me 16s.—Icould not sell them for 12s.—he did not tell me he had bought any of the things of his son.





WILLIAM ROMAINE

re-examined. On my solemn oath he said he had robbed his master.

F. CHAMBERLAIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

J. CHAMBERLAIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 43




Transported for Seven


Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

