



2042. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 breast-pin, value 10s.; 2 rings, 1l.; 1 sextant, 13l.; and 3 silver coins, 3s.; the goods of 



John Colford: and 1 coat, value 10s.; and 1 jacket, 1l.; the goods of 



Daniel Pluck; in a vessel in a certain port of entry and discharge.






JOHN COLFORD
. I am master of the barque Jane Lockhart; on the 7th of June she was in the West India Dock. On the morning of the 8th of June I was sent for—I went on board, and found all the locks belonging to me were broken, except one, and my clothes strewed about—I

missed a pocket-sextant, a gold pin, two rings, an American half-dollar, and two other coins.





DANIEL PLUCK
. I was mate of that vessel. I went on board a little after seven o'clock on the morning of the 8th of June—the door of the companion had been fastened with lashing and bolts—the lashing had been cut, and the bolts wrenched—the captain's berth was open, and the door-post had been cut with some instrument—the Venetian blinds had been partly cut, sufficient to admit a man, and the clothes were all lying about—I missed my coat and jacket—I found a bottle with brandy in it on the table, a tumbler, and wine-glass—this is my coat and jacket that I lost that night—I know this jacket by this patch put on it, and this is my pilot-coat—they were on the pillow in my berth on the night of the 7th, and were gone on the 8th.





OLIVER THOMPSON
. I am in the service of Mr. Thompson, pawn-broker, King's-place, Commercial-road. This coat was pawned on the 14th of June for 7s., and the jacket on the 18th of June for 6s., by a woman.





CAROLINE SMITH
. I live in Lower King-street, Commercial-road. I pawned both these articles—I had them from the prisoner—he was living with me—I could not say when I got possession of them—I do not think I had had the jacket more than a day or two before I pawned it—he gave them me in my own room—I do not recollect seeing the jacket on his back but once, and that was when he told me he had bought it.





JOSEPH MONTAGUE
. I am a constable of the East and West India Dock—I went to Caroline Smith's, in King-street, on the 19th of July—I found there this sextant, one gold ring, a pair of pistols, and some duplicates—the prisoner was then confined on some other charge—I went and apprehended him at Clerkenwell prison on the 16th of Sept.—he said he thought I apprehended him for breaking open the Jane Lockhart—I said, yes, I did—he said he thought he had been in prison for that—I said, "No, you have not, I have found part of the property since you have been in prison."





JOHN COLFORD

re-examined. This sextant and one gold ring is mine—the other has not been found.

Prisoner. I bought the duplicate of a young man, and gave him the money to redeem the articles; he had pledged them.




GUILTY
.** Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.






JOSEPH MONTAGUE
. He has been three times summarily convicted for the same sort of thing—the pistols he acknowledged he stole from Captain Denny, of the Niobe.

