





1978. 




JOHN HAWKINS,


 THOMAS HUGGINSON
, and 




DENNIS WILSON
, 

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William
Wallop, on 20th July, and stealing 1 snuff-box and 3 chessmen, value 23s.; his property: also, 3 rings, 2 pairs of ear-rings, and a variety of articles, value 40l.; the goods of 



Henrietta Wallop; and 5 sovereigns and 30s., of 



Sarah Croxford.



MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH CROXFORD
. I am in the family of Mr. Wallop, of 23, Rutland-buildings, in the parish of St. Margaret, Westminster. On Thursday night 20th July, about half-past ten o'clock, I went round, and saw the house all secure—I was disturbed a little before one—I heard a great shaking in the hall by the kitchen-door, and the alarm bell sounded muffled—I called Eliza, thinking it might be her—I then laid quite quiet, and three men came up stairs, and came altogether into my room—one came close to my bedside, right round the bed, another stood at the foot of the bed, and the other at the door, but I could not perceive, for I did not rise up—I know Hawkins from staring at him—I could perceive him very well for some time, looking round the room, they said it was all right, and went out—they were not aware that I was awake—they did not look much at me—I swear to Hawkins, but not to the others—Wilson had been in Mr. Wallop's service as page, and left last Christmas—some of them went up stairs, and one went down stairs, and there was a terrible noise up stairs, and shaking of doors—I got out of bed, but could not open the door—I moved the drawers and a table, put them against the door, and then opened the window, and began crying, "Police!" for about five minutes—they all came rushing down, and I kept on at it, and presently a soldier passed, and asked me whether I was mad—I said, "I suppose I am, for I have had three fellows get into my room"—he went and got a policeman—the policeman came, and we went up stairs, and found Mr. Wallop's cash-box that should have been in the top drawer, on the stairs, and Miss Wallop's jewel-case on the ground, and all the jeweiery about the floor, by the bedpost in Miss Wallop's bed-room—the family were out of town, except me and the cook, named Eliza, who was sleeping up stairs in the attic, two stories above me—I was on the first-floor—the things were lying about, as if the place had been rummaged—Mr. Wallop's drawers had been broken open where the cash-box was, it was a patent lock—I went up to Eliza, and found her asleep—I then went down stairs—the kitchen window was open, and the flower-pots removed from the inside to the outside, on the area steps—one flower-pot was kicked down on the inside cill, and the back door, that leads into the garden, was wide open, so that some one must have come in at the kitchen window, and opened the back door.

COURT. Q. The only one you speak to positively is Hawkins? A. Yes—one stood at the door, out of my view, and one at the foot of the bed—a very pale-faced man—I was afraid Hawkins was going to do something to me, and I kept my eyes on him more, or I should have looked at the others—I had never seen Hawkins or Hugginson before—it was a moonlight night—there is a lamp at the door—I saw the soldier very plainly out of the window—about five minutes after I cried "Police!" they all three rushed out at the back door—they all jumped over a wall—Hawkins and the other got over very quickly, but the other, who appears to me to be Hugginson, had a great deal of difficulty—the others assisted him a little—he laid on the wall, and could not turn—the third one was dressed in dark clothes, I could not get an opportunity of seeing his face—the figure of the other was exactly like Hugtrinson's—he had his trowsers turned up to his knees, and no shoes or stockings on—I cannot swear to the other, his appearance was like that of Wilson.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You did not see his face? A. No.


COURT. Q. Did it occur to you at the time that Wilson was one of the parties? A. No, I had no idea of it—I did not recognise him.





ELIZA COLLINS
. I am in the service of Mr. Wallop. On the Sunday before the robbery, Hawkins called, and wished to see the page—I said he had gone to Church, but he would be home when Church was over, and be at home all day, if he liked to call again—he said he did not know that he could—I said if he did not call before next Sunday he would not see him, for he was going into the country with Mr. Wallop on the Tuesday—I had never seen Hawkins before—I asked if he would call again—he said he thought he would, but would I tell the boy when he came borne that John Hawkins called to see him—I observed his shoes—I was awoke on the night of the robbery, I came down into the kitchen, got a light, and saw the kitchen window open, and I found these shoes, which I believe are the shoes Hawkins had on on the Sunday—they resemble them—I had noticed his feet when he called before—I should not have noticed them so much, but he was so shabbily dressed, except the shoes, and he stood in so careless a manner, not knowing what to say, that I noticed his shoes particularly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When you saw the shoes, did you say, "Oh! bless me; these are the shoes the man had on on Sunday?" A. I should not have thought of Hawkins if I had not seen the shoes—they are not particularly gay shoes, they are very dirty—I could not see his stockings—I believe he had blue trowsers on, I am not certain—he had a very shabby jacket on, and a black hat—I cast my eyes down to the ground while I was talking to him—I had never seen him before—he staid perhaps five minutes, or it might have been less—the present page's name is Joseph Argent.





WILLIAM DOUGHTY
. I am a baker, at Knightsbridge—my master used to serve Mr. Wallop; I then knew Wilson as his page. On Thursday, 20th Aug., before the robbery, I saw Wilson in front of Rutland-gate, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning—he passed by me about two yards—I called him back, and said, "Halloo! what are you doing now?"—he said, "Nothing now; I have had a job, and am waiting to get on an omnibus"—after that he asked me if the family was at home—I told him Miss Wallop was out, and if Mr. Wallop was not gone, he was going.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. I suppose he knew you well? A. I believe he did—I served the family while he was there, that was how I came to know him—he did not ask if Mr. Wallop and the family were well.





WILLIAM CUMMINGS
 (police-inspector, B). On Friday, 21st July, I examined the house, 23, Rutland-gate—inside the kitchen-window of the area I found a flower-pot broken—two of the iron bars were about 6 1/2 inches apart, from which I conclude that a small person must have got in that way—a person of Wilson or Hugginson's size could have got in there very well, I think Hawkins could not—there was no appearance of breaking in, in any other direction—in consequence of information on Monday 24th I went to the Hampstead-road with two constables and a man named Price, and whilst watching the house, 4, James-street, Camden-town, where Hugginson lived, I saw Hawkins walk along the road opposite the Mother Red Cap—I followed him three quarters of a mile, and into a brick field, and when he saw me following him he immediately turned quickly round a brick kiln and was out of my sight about two minutes—I went sharply up and said to him, "I want you, Hawkins"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For a burglary at Knightsbridge"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—while searching he turned round, and I observed Price pick up four bracelets and a buckle from beside the brickkiln where Hawkins had gone—he had these shoes on

(produced)—they are of the same pattern as those found in the house, and evidently made by the same maker—the leather is cut exactly the same, and the sewing is also the same—the pair left in the house have been tried on him and they fit him exactly—I took him in custody—about three hours afterwards I went to a public-house called the Buck Head or Arms, in Buck-street, Camden-town, about 100 yards from where Hugginson lived, and there found Hugginson with about thirty others in the skittle-ground—I took him in custody, and told him it was for being concerned with Wilson and Hawkins in a burglary—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I said, "Do you mean you know nothing about the burglary, or that you don't know anything of Wilson and Hawkins?"—he said, "I am no scholar, I do not know what you mean by a burglary, but I do know Wilson and Hawkins well"—I explained to him that burglary was breaking into a dwelling-house at night—he said he knew nothing of it—I searched him, and found 1s. 3 d. on him—this knife which was found by another officer on Wilson, I have compared with the marks on the jewel-case and the work-box from which the money was taken, and they correspond, and likewise with the marks on the side-board—I found this new cap (produced) in Hawkins's hat—he was dressed as he is now—the coat appears to have been recently purchased, and the shoes are quite new.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did Price point him out? A. Yes, Price is a gas-fitter—I believe he has had a great number of cases in this Court—I can't say he attends more to thief-taking than to gas-fitting—I know he carries on a very extensive business—he has several men—he was with me when I spoke to Hawkins—he was looking about the place while I was talking to Hawkins.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. What sort of a cupboard is this where the marks were? A. It is a small cupboard in the sideboard where plate is kept—this is the work-box and jewel-casket (produced) here are the marks.





JOHN HENRY PRICE
. I am a brass-founder and gas-fitter, at 24, Wyndham-street, Bryanstone-square. On 24th July I went with Inspector Cummings to the Hampstead-road—I went with him in pursuitof Hawkins—I found these four bracelets (produced), and the buckle hid in the earth at the bottom of a brickkiln—he had passed the spot—while he was being handcuffed I searched the place, on account of seeing the bowl of a pipe sticking out at the bottom of the brickkiln, which I supposed to have been a guide to where the property must have been put—Hawkins was a very few yards from the spot at the time—the earth had been recently disturbed—the pipe was about a yard from the property.





CHARLES CHINN
 (policeman, A 255). On 24th July I found Wilson at 7, Chapel-street, where his father and mother reside—I found 10s. 6d. in silver on him, and the knife that has been produced—on the drawers in the room I found a locket, heart, and cross, in a tea-caddy covered with some hempseed—he had new trowsers, shoes, and black silk handkerchief, and the coat appeared new also—I asked him when he bought the things—he told me on the Saturday.
(Sarah Ann Shearwood being called on her recognisances did not appear.)





ELIZABETH DRIVEL
. I saw Inspector Cummings and Chinn pass the brickkiln—before that I saw Hawkins go up and stoop down as though he were searching for something—he took something from his pocket and placed it there, and I saw him place the pipe on the top of the fresh earth—I saw him disturb the earth—I was not twenty yards off, and saw him clearly—I saw him put something into the earth as if he was hiding it there—I saw Price

take up the gold bracelets from that spot—no one has been speaking to me about my evidence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You were not before the Magistrate the first time? A. No, I told Mr. Cummings what I saw on the Wednesday—I did not tell them at the time, because I did not know in the confusion what it was—my husband is a master builder at 13, Lewis-street, Hampstead-road—I was looking out at the window—I do not suppose Hawkins saw me—he could if he had looked—he dug the ground up with his fingers—he was not many minutes about it.





MISS HENRIETTA WALLOP
. I live with my father, at 23, Rutland-gate. This bracelet, heart, and locket are all my property—a great deal of property is still missing—I lost altogether 30l. or 40l. worth.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you know them? A. I have worn them—they are not at all extraordinary, and not worth much—I am certain they are mine—none of the gold things have been found—these are not gold—Wilson gave me warning himself—there was some dispute about cleaning windows, I think.
(Richard Brown, of 7, Chapel-street, Edgeware-road, baker; William Sigster, Paddington, surveyor; and Francis Smithers, Platt-street, St. Pancras-road, gave Wilson a good character.)

HAWKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

HUGGINSON—


NOT GUILTY
. WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

