



433. 




JAMES BRIDGMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of Dec, at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, 1 plane, value 4s. 6d.; 1 jacket, 3s. 6d.; 3 chisels, 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Charles White: 1 saw, value 5s.; 1 screwdriver, 2s.; 1 basket, 1s.; 6 chisels, 4s.; and 1 plane, 4s.; the goods of 



John Wilde: 2 pillows, value 5s.; 1 plane, 4s.; 2 saws, 10s.; I screwdriver, 2s.; 6 chisels, 4s.; and 1 tool-basket, 1s.; the goods of 



John Cross, in his dwelling-house; and afterwards, about the hour of four in the night, burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CROSS
. I am a carpenter, and live in Titchbourn-court, Holborn. I know the prisoner—he called on me in Dec, 1842, thrice for work—I told him, the third time he came, that if he would call on the following Monday I would give him work—he came on the Monday afternoon, the 5th of Dec, between two and three o'clock—he had no tools with him—I told him I could not give him any work unless he brought his tools—he went away, to go to his lodging, in Old-street—he returned in about an hour and a half or two hours, and said his landlady was out, but be would go home to his father, at Poplar, and borrow some tools—he came back, and said his father told him to ask me to give him a night's lodging, at his landlady was out—I did so—he slept in the third floor front room by himself—about half-past six o'clock next morning my apprentice came up to me—I directly went with him to my workshop at the bottom of the house—I found the tools all confused, and the greatest part of the tools on the bench were gone—I missed two trying-planes, three saws, chisels, and screw-drivers; also, my apprentice's new flannel jacket, two baskets, and a news moo thing-plane—we also missed two pillows off the bed in which the prisoner slept—he was also gone—we have never found any of the things—I never saw the prisoner again till I saw him at the Thames Police-office in December last—I was taken there, and identified him—I am sure he is the man I let into my room—my house is in the parish of St. Giles-in-the-Fields.

Prisoner. He asked me to lodge there that night. Witness. I did not—he gave his father's compliments, and said he would be much obliged if I would let him sleep there—his father had worked for me for two years.





CHARLES WHITE
. I am Mr. Cross's apprentice, and was so in Dec., 1842. I recollect the prisoner coming to my master's about that time for work—I showed him to his room on the third floor, and left him there—that was about nine o'clock—between five and six in the morning he was gone—I missed a saw and a new smoothing—plane and flannel jacket off my own, and some tools of my master's—I found the street door shut, and the shop door open—I had fastened it the night before—I went up, and told my master.

Prisoner. When I came down both the doors were wide open. Witness. A lodger of the name of Deverill was in the house that night—I did not see him when I got up—I saw him afterwards after breakfast—he never gets up early—nobody else lived in the house but my master and mistress.





JOHN WILDE
. I am a carpenter, and live at Teddington. I was in

Mr. Cross's service in Dec., 1842—I left a trying-plane, an orbit-plane, a long screw-driver, and sundry chisels in a basket belonging to myself—I missed them, basket and all, and have never seen them since.





HENRY PLOWRIGHT
 (police-constable K 106.) I was in the neighbour-hood of Bow-lane chapel on the morning of the 14th of Dec. last, about six o'clock—I heard sounds of distress from some person in the neighbourhood of the chapel—I ultimately went into the chapel and into the vestry-room—after some time I saw a man up the chimney, and saw his legs hanging down—he was groaning at the time—I tried to pull him down—I afterwards tried to force him up, but found I could not—I ultimately procured a crow-bar, and after demolishing about six or eight feet of the chimney I cut him out—it was the prisoner—he was quite insensible, and nearly dead—he remained so for some hours, and was taken to the London hospital—I made a communication to Mr. Cross—I afterwards examined the chimney-pot, and found it removed, and placed on another chimney-pot—he had stuck at the turn of the chimney about eight feet from the bottom.

Prisoner's Defence. I came down at half-past six o'clock in the morning; both the doors were open; the people were all about opposite Mr. Cross's shop, and if I had taken these things somebody must have seen me; I was going for my tools, and met another master, who asked me if I would like a job; I said, "Yes," for the one I had got was too far, to go from Black wall to Holborn, and I went to work for Mr. Cubitt, of Gray's Inn-lane, down at Reading gaol; from there I went to Oxford gaol to work; somebody must have known if I had the tools, or if I sold them; I have always been at home, and they might have come and taken me before this.





JOHN CROSS

re-examined. Deverill is a bricklayer—he slept in my house that night—I went to his room about six o'clock in the morning, knocked at his door, and he came out in his shirt, and said, "What do you want?"—he was in bed—there was only me, the apprentice, the prisoner, and my wife in the house besides two children under four years of age—the prisoner has given a false account—I know his father perfectly well, and knew where his father lived—we went and searched his father's house—the prisoner was not there—I looked for him frequently—I took two or three journeys to Blackwall for the purpose.





ROBERT AYLIFFE
 (police-constable K 170.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—("read—Convicted 28th Feb., 5 Vict, of larceny—confined six months")—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

