



670. 




STEPHEN SOPER
 was indicted

 for that he having been convicted of uttering a counterfeit shilling, afterwards did utter a counterfeit shilling to 



Caroline Smith, knowing the same to be counterfeit.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint—I Produce an examined copy of the record of the conviction of Stephen Soper, at this Court, in Jan., 1844—I have examined it with the original—it is correct—( read.)





JOHN FRIENDS
. I live in Trevor-square, Brompton—I was present when the prisoner was convicted here in Jan., 1844—I was the constable in the case—he is the man.





CAROLINE SMITH
. I am the wife of William Smith, of Paradise-row, Chelsea—on Saturday, the 7th of Feb., the prisoner came to the shop, and asked for 1d. worth of tobacco—I served him—he gave me a good half-crown—I gave him two good shillings and five pence—I took the shillings out of the

till, and had to turn round to the till to get them, turning my face from him—I am sure I gave him good shillings, and they looked bright and shiney—I put them on the counter with the halfpence—he then asked me to give him two sixpences for a shilling—I turned to go to the till, and as I turned back I noticed a bad shilling on the counter—it was dark and dull, and not one I had given him—I saw it was bad before I took it up—I had put the two sixpences on the counter—I said it was a bad shilling—he said, "It is not; it is the one you gave me"—I said, "I beg your pardon, it is not"—he took the two sixpences up, and ran out of the shop—I called my husband, who ran after him, and brought him back in three quarters of an hour—he is the man—I gave the shilling to my husband.

Cross-examined by.
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Do you keep your silver apart from copper? A. Yes, and the gold—I put the half-crown in the silver till, and gave him two shillings.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am the witness's husband—on the morning of the 2nd of Feb. she gave me a shilling, and a description of the man—I went out two or three hundred yards, and saw the prisoner and another man come out of a mews—they both turned round and saw me—the prisoner gave the other man some money, which he put in his jacket pocket;—I saw it was silver—I was about twelve yards from them—when they observed me—the other said, "Good morning," and ran away—the prisoner walked some distance—he observed me still watching him, and when he got the opportunity he ran off—I pursued him some distance, and caught him—I had the shilling in my hand when I came up to him, and said, "Do you know that piece?"—he said, "The woman gave it to me"—I asked why he ran away—he said he supposed he might run if he liked—he had run from a mile to two miles in different directions, dodging me about—I brought him back to my wife, and asked her if he was the man—she said he was—I gave him in charge with the bad shilling.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see them count the silver out? A. They were very close together—I observed one move his hand towards the other, and the man directly put his hand into his jacket pocket—I was obliged to turn a comer after I came out of the shop before I saw them—they walked in front of me.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did you see the silver come from his coat pocket? A. Yes—it was an outside pocket.





THOMAS RUGLESS
. I keep a shop in Paradise-row, Chelsea. On Wednesday, the 4th of Feb., between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my shop for a biscuit or cake—it came to 1d.—he offered a good half-crown—I gave him two shillings, and 5d. in halfpence—while I was giving him the change, another man came into the shop, and spoke to the prisoner—they appeared to be acquainted—the prisoner asked him to have a cake—he said if he treated him he would—he said, "No, treat yourself"—the man said, "You may as well pay me the 7d. you owe me"—the prisoner said, "So I will, if the gentleman will give me change for a shilling"—I took out my purse, looked out two sixpences, and handed them to the prisoner, who took them in his hand, and gave me a counterfeit shilling—I saw it was bad—my daughter took it out of my hand, and said it was a base one—they both turned round, and ran out as fast as they could—I went in pursuit, but could not find them—I returned—I had left the shilling at home—it was put into a division of the till, and afterwards given to Williams, the constable—only I and my daughter had access to the till.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you hear the prisoner was in custody? A. On the Monday or Monday week—I saw the prisouer in the cell at the

police-office—there were two or three others in the cell—I had described the man to Smith.

MR. BODKIN. Q. When you first saw him did you recognize him? A. Not at first—he was called to the door, and turned his eye almost into the lid—he was then told to turn back which he did, but so that I could not see his features perfectly—I had no doubt of him when he was brought to the light.





ANN RUGLESS
. I am the witness's daughter. He gave me a shilling, which I cut two marks in, and put it in the back of the till by itself—it remained there till Monday—I am certain it was the same—I was not in the shop when the prisoner came, but I saw him, and took particular notice of him—the only difference now is that his hair is rather smoother—he certainly is the man.





JOHN THOMAS WILLIAMS
. I was on duty on the 7th, and took the prisoner in charge at Mr. Smith's instance—I found on him a good shilling, two sixpences, and five pence—I received a shilling from Smith, and another from Rugless.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am an inspector of coin to her Majesty's Mint. These shillings are both counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

