



679. 




JOHN ELLERTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of January, at 
St. Marylebone, 1 mustard-pot, value 3l.; 4 spoons, value 1l. 4s.; 2 forks, value 30s.; 2 cruet-tops, value 5s.; 1 salt-cellar, value 2l. 10s.; 1 cruet-stand, value 5s.; and 2 pence; the property of 



George Rooper, in his dwelling-house.






MARY FOLEY
. I am in the service of Mr. George Rooper, of No. 23,

Sussex-place, Regent's-park, in the parish of Marylebone. On Monday, the 31st of January, between one and two o'clock, I left the kitchen for. five minutes—when I returned I saw the prisoner in the scullery in front of the house, with a cruet-stand in his hand—I asked what he wanted—he made me no answer—I asked him a second time—he made no answer, but looked very vicious at me, dropped the cruet-stand on the mat, and ran up the area steps—I ran after him, and called "Stop thief"—he was pursued—he ran through the park, and up South-bank—I pursued him to Cumberland-gate—I lost sight of him—he was brought back to the house in about ten minutes from the time of my giving the alarm—I am sure he is the same person—I missed a mustard-pot, a salt-cellar, a cruet-stand, two silver forks, two silver table-spoons, a mustard-spoon, a salt-spoon, two cruet-tops, and two penny-pieces—I have seen them all again except one fork.





JOHN GILBERT LANDERS
. I am an attorney. Last Monday I was in the Regent's-park—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the witness Foley—I saw the prisoner running from the cry—I pursued him till he was taken in Caroline-place, and did not lose sight of him, with the exception of his turning the corner of Caroline-place—he was running all the way, and as he ran I saw him turn round once—I did not see him part with any thing—I picked up a spoon in the course that he ran, and a servant gave me a mustard-pot at the corner of Caroline-place—I produce them.





GEORGE SAKER
. I was in Park-road, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner running, pursued by a gentleman's servant on horseback—as he was running I saw him throw something white, which appeared to be silver, over a wall—I saw him taken immediately after—I then went and rang the bell of the house where he had thrown the things over, and picked up these two pepper-castors and two penny-pieces, which were lying in the path within the wall over which I had seen him throw something—they were given to the gentleman's servant in my presence.





JOHN KYFFIN
. I was in the park on horseback—I heard the alarm of "Stop thief," and pursued the prisoner all the way round—I saw him throw something away into three different gardens—I saw him taken—I then returned, and rang the bell of each house where he had thrown something, and saw the things taken up—different gentlemen have got them.





WILLIAM WATKIN FRAY
. I was in Caroline-place, and saw the prisoner running—I stopped him—before I did so I saw him throw away something, I cannot say what, into a garden; and afterwards, when he got nearer to me, he threw something more into another garden—after he was taken I called at those places, and picked up part of the articles myself—I produce two table-spoons and a salt-cellar; also two silver cruet-tops, and two penny-pieces, which I had given to me afterwards.





HENRY ROWAN
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was delivered into my charge—I received this cruet-frame from Foley—the value of all the property is, I dare say, about 7l. 10s.





MARY FOLEY

re-examined. I picked this cruet-frame up off the mat in the scullery—it is what the prisoner had in his hand, and threw down—it is not silver—these other things are my master's, and have a crest on them—I know them as articles in use in the family.

Prisoner's Defence. I was walking up Caroline-place; the witness

came riding on horseback behind me; I went to run out of the way, and a gentleman caught me by the arm.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

