




2639. 




CHARLES HARRIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of August, 13 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



James Jackson, from his person.






JAMES JACKSON
. I live in Pall-mall. On the 31st of August, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking in the Strand, near to Hungerford-market—I felt some one put his hand into my pocket—I turned and saw the prisoner close behind me, almost touching me—I put my hand into my pocket, and found 13s. 6d. in loose silver, which I had placed there about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before, in a bit of paper, had been abstracted—the prisoner passed me hastily, and walked very fast—I quickened my pace to overtake him—he turned into Hungerford-street, and began to run—I ran after him, calling, "Stop thief"—he turned into the Arcade, and was secured by the constable—I had not lost sight of him, except for a moment, when he turned the corner—I observed he struggled when the officer seized him—another person came to assist the officer, and I saw him take from the prisoner some silver in a paper—he was then taken to the station, and the officer there showed me this paper, which I ca identify as part of the paper in which my money was.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were there three of you at him all at once? A. I did not seize him—I was about a yard from the officer—I know this bit of paper, as it is part of a Belfast paper, and I had read it before.





GEORGE WEBB
. I am constable of Hungerford-market. On the afternoon of the 31st of August I was in the Arcade—I saw the prosecutor pursuing the prisoner—he was running as fast as he could—I stopped him, and he struggled violently to get away—I observed something in his hand which he tried to conceal—I tried to get it, but could not—Mr. Cooper came up, and took this paper from him, which he gave to me.





ALEXANDER COOPER
. I live in Northumberland-street, and am a baker. I was passing the Arcade, and saw the prisoner and the constable struggling—I took hold of the prisoner, and took this paper and money from his right hand—I handed it to the constable.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you and Webb between the prisoner and Mr. Jackson? A. I saw Mr. Webb catch the prisoner—Mr. Jackson was standing aside.




GUILTY
.** Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
