



1568. 




JOSEPH DAVIES
 was again indicted

 for stealing 8 1001., and 1 501. Bank notes; the monies of 




David Gadsden, his master.






DAVID GADSDEN
. I am a colonial and general agent—the prisoner was in my service—I am agent for Wainwright and Co., and James Gadsden and Co.—I occasionally pay cash into Williams and Co., to the credit of James Gadsden and Co.—on the 22nd of June I handed the prisoner, to pay them, on account of James Gadsden and Co., a check for 821. 17s., eight 1001. bank notes, and 501. 13s. 2d. in other money—I wrote on the check the amount, and on whose account it was to be paid—on the 22nd of July I learned that that money had been misappropriated—I then had him apprehended—he delivered me up 5751. in notes, and 101. 10s. in gold, and three of the 1001. notes were the same as I had handed to him for that payment.





WILLIAM WAINWRIGHT
. I am a sugarrefiner, in partnership with Augustus William Gladstone, jun.—David Gadsden was our agent—I was in the habit of requesting the prisoner to pay sums of money for me, and have made him a present at Christmas—on the 22nd of June I had accounts with True-man and Messrs. Simpson for sugars—I had not received invoices from them—I delivered the prisoner two checks, signed and filled up in every respect except the sums—I directed him to go to Simpson and Co.—if he could get an

invoice to fill up the check, less the discount, and if not to fill it up for 350l., and if he could not get an invoice at Trueman's, to fill up the other check for 500l.—those checks have been returned to me as paid—I have paid Trueman and Messrs. Simpson and Co. the sums of 500l. and 350l.—the prisoner had no authority to pay the checks to Williams and Co. on account of James Gadsden.





WILLIAM SCOTT
. I am one of the firm of Simpson and Co. On the 22nd of June there was an account between us and Wainwright and Co., for sugars supplied on the 3rd of June—I did not receive from the prisoner a check 3501. on that account—Wainwright and Co. have since paid me the account—this check never came into my hands.





JAMES FRANCIS WOOL
. I am cashier to Trueman and Co., Mincing-lane. On the 5th of June we sold Wainwright and Co. sugars—the account was unsettled on the 22nd of June—no money or check of 500l. was paid to me—Wainwright and Co. have paid the amount of the sugars since.





WILLIAM FICXUS
. I am a clerk to Williams, Deacon, and Co.—James Gadsden and Co. are our customers. On the 22nd of June I received on their account 933l. 10s. 2d.—it consisted of the three checks produced, and 13s. 2d.—I have no doubt the prisoner paid it.

Cross-examined. Q. Has cash been obtained for the checks? A. No, they are transferred from one account to the other, as the checks are drawn on our house—they went to James Gadsden's account.

Q. Has this sum been drawn for? A. They have drawn checks to a much larger amount since.





JOHN PECK
 (police-constable H 87.) On the 20th of July the prisoner was brought to the station-house—I took 20l. from him.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(Mr. Clarkson stated that the prosecutor's loss amounted to above 2,000l.)
