




504. 




JAMES THOMPSON
and 




JOHN JONES
were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of December, 1 purse, value 2s.; 7 sovereigns, 5 half-sovereigns, 8 shillings, 2 sixpences, and 1 30l. note; the property of 



John Wells, from the person of 



Jane Wells.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





JANE WELLS.
I am the wife of John Wells, a pawnbroker, in London, and live in Upper Phillimore-place, Kensington. On Monday, the 23rd of December, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I was with my husband in Piccadilly—I had received a cheque from him, and I had in exchange for it at the bankers a 30l. note, and I had 9l. 10s.in gold, and eight shillings and two sixpences in silver—the gold consisted of sovereigns and half-sovereigns—I placed the note with the gold in my purse in the front part of my pocket, which hung by my side—it forms a part of my under petticoat—there is a pocket-hole in the pocket, and also in my top petticoat, which is over the petticoat of which the pocket forms a part—I had the same gown on as I have now—it has a pocket-hole in it near the opening of my petticoat, but rather more forward—I had a large shawl on—it was a dirty day—I got into Hardwick's omnibus—I went with my husband from the bankers to Piccadilly—the omnibus overtook us—we required seats, and there was only one—I got in, and I was told my husband might be accommodated if he would walk on to Bond-street—when I got in the two prisoners were there—there was a vacancy between them, which I occupied—I rode on to Bond-street—two persons there got out, and my husband was taken up at the White Horse Cellar, and also a lad—my husband made an observation, and said, "Am I to sit here? " which was a place between the prisoner on my left hand and the door—the prisoner Jones said, "There is no other place"—Thompson was on my right, and Jones on my left—on my husband getting in, the conductor asked if any one wished to get out before we got to Kensington—no answer was gives—the conductor got on the box, and the omnibus went on—between Hydepark-corner and Knightsbridge I felt my pocket move—I looked at the prisoner on my right hand, putting my hand down towards my pocket—(as I came from the bankers I took my dress and my pocket, which had my purse in, in my hand, and when I got in the omnibus I took up the other side of my dress, but still having my gown and purse in my hand—I am quite positive I had my purse when I got in)—when I looked round st✗d fastly at Thompson, he was looking straight forwards—I thought from his appearance I might be mistaken, and that the jolting of the omnibus moved him against me—we went on to Sloane-street, and there Jones called to the conductor to get out, and at the same time Thompson got up, and went out—I thought that he had picked my pocket—I felt in my pocket, and my purse was gone—no one could have got at my pocket but the person on my right—I looked which way Thompson went—I said to my husband, "My pocket is picked"—he said, "Be sure"—I said, "I am robbed my purse is gone"—we stopped the omnibus, jumped out instantly, and went in the direction I had seen Thompson go, which was towards the corner of Charles-street, which runs towards Belgrave-square—my husband followed immediately, and a policeman came up to me—I told him what had happened—he went the way I told him—he returned, and could see nobody—I was looking about there for a very short time—I walked towards London with my husband, and determined on going to the bankers-after walking some distance we crossed the road to make further inquiries, and I had scarcely set my foot on the pavement, before I saw Thompson getting into a cabopposite the Fox and Bull public-house—the horse's head was towards London—I said, "There is the man that robbed me, " and we stopped the cab—my husband went to the cabdoor, and both the prisoners

were seated in the cab—my husband said, "You got out of the omnibus just now"—Thompson replied, "What if I did? " in a hesitating and confused voice—my husband said, "You have robbed my wife"—Jones opened the other cabdoor, ran out, and my husband after him, crying "Stop thief "—Thompson came out, and I followed him, crying "Stop thief"—he ran into Lowndes-square—I ran, and never lost sight of him till we got to the farther end of the square, and he was taken I think in not more than a minute—on seeing him I had no doubt of him—I saw Jones in custody of a policeman at the corner of Sloane-street, and I had no doubt of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS.
Q. How many persons were in this omnibus? A. It was full when I got in—I did not count—there was one female in it—there might be more—I cannot say whether two men got out at Bond-street—there were two persons got out, because there was room for two afterwards—I cannot positively swear I saw them get out—they might be two men that got out—I got in exactly opposite Windham's, the coach-maker's in Piccadilly, and the people got out at Bond-street—I should not think we were five minutes going from there—it was after those people got out that I felt my pocket touched—I put my hand down to my pocket, but not into my pocket—I did not feel whether my purse was safe—I did not say any thing to Thompson—there were persons immediately opposite me in the omnibus—Thompson got out about Sloanestreet, which is a quarter of a mile beyond Hyde Park-corner—Jones sat on the other side of me, not the side from whence I lost my purse—when first I got in, the window was open behind one—I shut it, and Jones put his hand and closed it—the horses went off rather suddenly, and that threw me over a little towards Jones—I had been walking with Mr. Wells from the banker's at the corner of the Haymarket to Piccadilly—I took my husband's right arm, holding my dress and pocket with my right hand—it was dirty, and raining fast—I took my gown up to avoid the dirt—I felt my pocket touched between Hyde Park-corner and Knightsbridge—a very short time elapsed between that and Thompson's getting out—I think not five minutes—it was not ten minutes—I had my pocket-handkerchief in my pocket with my purse, and a pair of spectacles, a pencil-case, a penknife, and some keys on a ring, but I put my purse In last, and at the front corner of my pocket—I did not put my hand into my pocket after I got in—my pocket was not cut, or any thing of that kind—Jones called to the conductor to stop, and the conductor said he had asked the question before whether any person would get out—I cannot say if it was the language of complaint that Jones used when he spoke—my husband was between him and the door, and, I think, another person, but I am not certain—Jones leaned out of the door of the omnibus, and called the conductor—there was a man and a little boy in front of me—I do not remember any female sitting in front of me—this was between one and two o'clock in the day—the only thing that attracted my attention to Jones was his shutting the window.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. You had your keys and handkerchief in your pocket? A. Yes—nothing was taken but my purse and money—it must have been done with considerable art and cunning.





JOHN WELLS.
I am the husband of the last witness. I went with her to the omnibus in Piccadilly—she got in without me, and I got in at the White Horse Cellar—we rode on to Knightsbridge—the two prisoners

were in the omnibus, and my wife sat between them—when we came to Sloane-street, the omnibus stopped by Jones's direction—he got out, and Thompson followed him immediately—my wife made a communication to me—we quitted the omnibus—after some time I saw a cab, and the two prisoners in it, at the Fox and Bull public-house—I went up and said to them, "You are the men that were in the omnibus"—Thompson said, "What if I was"—Jones then ran out—I followed him to William-street, and over Sloane-street—he was stopped—I came up and took hold of him—I am certain he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. What are you? A. A pawnbroker—I went with my wife to Ransom's, the banker's, in Pall Mall East—we did not cross over—we turned round the corner, and walked up the Haymarket—my wife had hold of my right arm—I was nearest the road—we went on the left-hand side of Piccadilly—I still kept walking in the same way—my wife was not next the wail then—when I spoke to the prisoners I spoke loud, and said, "You have robbed my wife"—my wife did not speak to them—immediately I spoke, one of them ran away, and I after him, so what my wife said I do not know—I did not see the persons get out at the corner of Bond-street—it was a quarter of an hour, or rather better, from the time of our getting out of the omnibus till we saw the prisoners in the cab—I did not see them come out of the Fox and Bull public-house.





THOMAS PEEVER.
I am clerk to a wine-merchant, in William-street, Knightsbridge. I was in my master's counting-house on the afternoon of the 23rd of December, and I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I looked out and saw Jones running up the street, followed by Mr. Wells—I ran and took him—he had crossed Sloane-street, and got into Ann's-place—he had a Macintosh cloak hanging on his arm—I brought him back, and he was given in charge.





HENRY BRITTON.
I am a shoemaker, and live in Phoenix-street, Knightsbridge. On the 23rd of December I was standing at Mr. Kingdon's door, and I saw Mr. and Mrs. Wells going to a cab, which was Hear—as soon as they did so the two prisoners came out of it—Mr. Wells pursued one, and Mrs. Wells the other—I joined, and Thompson dropped a piece of paper—I did not stop to pick it up—I went on in pursuit, and the prisoners separated after a little distance—I went in pursuit of Jones, and saw Peever stop him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS.
Q. You saw Thompson drop a piece of paper? A. Yes, I saw a labouring boy pick it up—he was about four rods from me.

COURT.
Q. Have you been able to find out who that boy was? A. No—the case was adjourned for a fortnight to find him.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Do you think you should know him again if he was produced as a witness? A. I dare say I should.





JOHN ALLEN.
I am a baker, and live in Pound-street. I was in Lowndes-square on this afternoon, and met the prisoner Thompson running—just as he came to me he cried out, "Don't stop me"—as soon as he passed, Mrs. Wells came up—she was running after him in distress, and crying "Stop thief "—I assisted in pursuit, and stopped him at the bottom of Morton-street—he was brought back to Sloane-street, and given to the policeman.





WILLIAM WISDOM
(police-constable B108.) On the 23rd of Decem


ber, Mrs. Wells told me she had been robbed, and in about twenty minutes after that I received charge of Jones in Lowndes-square—I found six sovereigns and twelve half-sovereigns in one of his waistcoat pockets, in his other waistcoat pocket, a silver watch, and in his trowsers' pocket two half-crowns, one shilling, two sixpences, a silver pencil-case, and three keys—while I was there, Thompson was brought up—I found two sovereigns in his trowsers' pocket, and some silver, and among it six half-crowns.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS.
Q. How much did you find on Jones? A. 12l. 5s. 1/2d.

MRS. WELLS.I am certain I had as many as five half-sovereigns—I had not ten.





FRANCIS HEWITT.
I keep the Adam and Eve public-house, at Kensington. On the 23rd of December, I got into Hard wick's omnibus, which stopped at the corner of Hungerford-street, Strand—Thompson got in—soon after he got in he came to the door and beckoned to the other prisoner, who was opposite, who got in—after that Mrs. Wells got in, and took her seat between them—when we came to Sloane-street the prisoners got out, and Mr. and Mrs. Wells followed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS.
Q. Were you in the omnibus yourself? A. Yes, I went from Ludgate-hill to Kensington, the whole way—I cannot say how often we stopped letting people in and out—they stopped most often between Hungerford-street and Piccadilly, or from there to Kensington—I should think it stopped about three times from the corner of Piccadilly to Kensington—the two prisoners and myself got out at Kensington—I do not recollect any more—I do not recollect two people getting out; yes, three got out at Hyde Park Corner—two of them had sat on my right hand, and one on ray left—one was a young man about twenty-two years of age, full grown, and a gentleman above sixty years of age—none of them had to pass Mrs. Wells in going out—that I swear—Mrs. Wells was about four seats up the omnibus—the side holds six or seven persons—if any of the others sat above her, they must have passed her—nothing attracted my attention in the omnibus—it was broad day-light, and the jolting and jumbling of the omnibus knocks the people together when they are coming in and out.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. You did not feel any thing touch your pocket? A. No, one person got out, and Mrs. Wells got in—it was full when she got in—it stopped at Bond-street, and the White Horse Cellar, and Sloane-street.

JURY.
Q. Which of the prisoners sat on the right-side of Mrs. Wells? A. Thompson.





JOHN HARDWICK.
I am proprietor and conductor of this omnibus. I remember Thompson being in it on the 23rd of December—I am not so certain of the other prisoner'—I remember their getting out at Knightsbridge—Mrs. Wells go out after them, and complained of being robbed—the prisoners complained of my not being in my place—I made some paltry answer—I had asked before if any one got out before they got to Kensington, and I got no answer—I had no direction from either of them to let them out at Sloane-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How many does your omnibus hold? A. Twelve—Jones sat on the right-side, and Thompson also—I did not notice at one time one of them sitting on one side and one on the other—I sat on the box from the White Horse Cellar—I asked a question and received no answer—my omnibus makes as much noise as the others.





THOMAS HAYNES.
I am waiter at the Fox and Bull public-house,

at Knightsbridge. On the 23rd of December, between one and two o'clock, the two prisoners came—they were dressed as they are now—they had cloaks on their arms—they first came into the tap-room, and then went into the parlour—after that they had a pint of porter, some bread and cheese, a glass of gin, and a glass of ale—they remained about ten minutes—one of them went to the back-yard—there is a water-closet there—he was absent three or four minutes—the common sewer rant by the side of it—a person can get up the step and look at it.

cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How long were they in your public-house? A. They might be about ten minutes or a quarter-of-an-hour—I did not see them all the time—they were in the parlour all the time, except when one went into the back yard.

THOMPSON—


GUILTY.Aged 24.

JONES—


GUILTY.Aged 28.
✗



Transported for Ten Years

