




1436. 




JOHN AMOS
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
22nd of April, 97 1/2 yards of silk, value 13l., the goods of 



Wynn Ellis and others, his masters; and 





JOHN ELLIS



, for feloniously receiving the same; well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MESSRS. PHILLIPS
and
CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN DEAR
 (City police-constable, No. 279.) On Friday morning, the 22nd of April, I was with Death in Warwick-lane—I know the prisoners by seeing them together for three mornings previous to Friday the 22nd—on Friday, the 22nd, I saw them together about a quarter past eight o'clock in the morning in Warwick-lane—I saw them pass each other in Ave Maria-lane—they joined each other in Warwick-lane—Ellis went first towards Newgate-street, and Amos followed him—I saw Ellis turn round several times—I saw Amos go into the Jolly Butchers public-house—Ellis followed him—I ran behind a cart, got to the door, and peeped through an opening in the door, and saw them both standing by the bar, side by side—they each had something to drink—while I was looking in, I saw Amos put his hand towards the inside of his pocket and hand a parcel to Ellis—I did not see what it was—I saw the motion of it—I am quite sure I saw something pass—when Ellis went in he had nothing in his pocket, and when he came out his pocket was bulky—when Amos went in his left-hand pocket was bulky, and when he came out there was nothing in it—they remained at the Jolly Butchers three or four minutes—I afterwards accompanied sergeant Death to Amos's lodgings—he gave his address at the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Could you see quite plainly through the crack in the door? A. Yes—it was more than two inches open—the prisoners were standing in front of the bar—Mr. Weston was serving them, and his daughter was there—I staid there till I saw them moving to come out—I know a man named Owen, a butcher—I asked him, when I ran to the door, if the men were not gone in again—he stood at the door by my side—I did not ask him to go in—he did not move from outside the door—the door was strapped partly back by a strap behind, and that gave a kind of opening between the two doors and the door-post—any body could distinctly see the bar—they were swing doors—the space was between the door and the door-post, where the hinges are—I may have improperly called it a crack—any body could see into the bar if they stooped down as I did—Owen saw me do it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Warwick-lane comes out of Newgate-market, does it not? A. Yes—the first time I saw Ellis that morning was in Warwick-lane, coming from Newgate-street—I was stationed

in a bricklayer's shed in Warwick-lane—I saw Ellis a very little way down the lane, going towards Ludgate-hill, in a direction which leads to the prosecutor's premises—he bad got half-way down the lane before Amos made his appearance—I should say he was more than a minute's walk from the prosecutor's.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know the prosecutor's shop? A. Yes—I saw the prisoners join about fifty or sixty yards from the prosecutor's shop—they kept stopping, and looking round.





OLIVER DEATH
. I am a City police-sergeant. On Friday morning, the 22nd of April, I placed myself in a shop in Warwick-lane—I saw Ellis go down towards Ludgate-hill, and about five minutes afterwards I saw him come back again, and Amos about three or four paces behind him—they both came back together, went round by Warwick-square, and went into the Jolly Butchers public-house in Warwick-lane—they staid there four or five minutes—I saw them come out—Dear was with me—I gave him some instructions—the prisoners separated—I watched Ellis—he went towards the new market—I followed him into the market—when he came out of the Jolly Butchers I observed that his pocket was bulky, and he carried his hand under his coat—I was in plain clothes—I went up to him and told him I wanted to have a few words with him—he said, "Very well"—I took him through the market—he asked me where I was going to take him to—I said to the Smithfield station—he asked me what for—I said I would not tell him then—I did not tell him I was an officer till I got him to the station—I then asked what he had got about him—he said what he had got was his own—I searched him, and found in his right-hand pocket this roll of silk—it had no paper or any covering round it—any body must have seen it was silk—I asked where he had got it—he said he had bought it of a man—I asked what man—he said he should not tell me, he bought it, and paid for it—he gave his name John Ellis—I asked him for his address—he hesitated a moment, and then said he had several addresses—he would not give one—Dear came to the station while I was there—we left Ellis there, and went to the prosecutor's—Amos was cleaning the brass-plate at the door—I told him to come inside, I wanted to speak to him—I did not tell him why—I took him in, and took him up stairs—I asked him if he knew Ellis—he said no, he knew nothing about him—I asked him if he knew any thing about the silk—he said no, he knew nothing about it—I did not say any thing more to him till after I had seen one of the firm—I then searched him in the shop—I told one of the firm, in his presence, that we had reason to believe Amos had been robbing them, that I had taken a piece of black silk from a roan named Ellis, and we had a suspicion that it was taken by Amos to Ellis, as we had seen them together two or three different times—Amos said he knew nothing about it—I took him to the station—he gave his address there No. 8, New-street, Finsbury—I went there, and searched the first-floor front-room, and found a pair of blankets, two quilts, two pieces of bed-furniture, five sheets, two pieces of brown-holland, which I think are new, one toilet-cover, three table-covers, and one pair of gloves—I afterwards went to Ellis's lodgings—we found some keys on him, and one of the keys opened the door—I found there 34l. in gold and 35l. in Bank-notes—I heard Ellis afterwards say he lived at the White Horse public-house, Cripplegate, which was the place where I found this money.


Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You have kept all these articles you took from Amos? A. I have—there was some sealing-wax and a broomstick without a handle—I took whatever I found—I could not tell that the broomstick was not part of the prosecutor's stock—I did not strip the room of every thing that was in it—I left boxes and tables behind—when I took Amos I said to him I had come to take him on suspicion of a felony, for a piece of black silk—he said he knew nothing about it—I then asked if he knew Jack Ellis—I believe I said John Ellis; yes, it was John—I was never at this bar—I stood in the other Court once—I stood there as an innocent man, and was acquitted after fourteen witnesses had been examined—the Grand Jury found a bill against me for perjury, but they could not prove it—I have known Dear three years—I have been on the division nine or eleven months, and he has been under me about eight months—I do not live with him—I never lived with him in the same house or in the same lodging—I live in Furnival's Inn-court, Holborn—if Dear has sworn we have lived together, it is a mistake altogether—I was with Dear when I saw Amos go into the Jolly Butchers—after we had taken Ellis, Dear and I had no talk about this, any more than when I passed him I told him to watch the porter—when he came to the station he told me where Amos had gone—he stated at the station, in presence of Walter Joy, the station-clerk, that he had looked through the door, and saw something pass from Amos's pocket to Ellis, but he could not say what it was—I have seen the door many times in passing—it is strapped back, and it leaves a crevice between the door and door-post near the hinges—I have seen through the crack where the hinges are—I looked through afterwards—it is not necessary to stoop down to do so—you can distinctly see in front of the bar standing up, but not round it—I have only been up to the crack once myself—that was after the prisoners were committed—Dear was not with me at the time—I went through curiosity—I had no reason to disbelieve Dear—as I went by I looked through—I saw Dear go to the door—I did not see him the whole time he was there—they are half glass doors, and if you stand upright persons inside the bar can see you—I afterwards stooped down, to look and was able to see towards the left-hand in the bar—I know Weston, the landlord.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How long after you saw Ellis go towards Ludgate-hill did you see the prisoners together? A. About four or five minutes—I did not continue in the same place—I was near Newgate-street when I saw them together—I was walking up and down—I was in plain clothes—I had my police trousers on—I had not got my police coat on—every one might not know I was a policeman—Amos first went into the Jolly Butchers—Ellis was about three or four yards from him—Dear was in the lane near the Jolly Butchers, walking in the same direction as Ellis—I was only the width of the street from the Jolly Butchers after they went in—it is a very narrow street—I was only once in the house, and that was after the prisoners were committed—Dear was with me then.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You state you were acquitted on this charge of perjury? A. Yes, I was in the City police at that time—I have been three or four years in the City police—the Corporation were aware of my trial—I have been continued in the police ever since, and received the expenses of the trial from the Corporation of the City.






ROBERT CLARK
. I carry on business on my own account at Worcester. I was formerly in the service of Messrs. Wynn, Ellis, and Mr. Everington—there are three partners—on the 22nd of April last my department was at the Manchester silk counter—that counter is close to the door in St. Paul's Churchyard—Amos was at that time one of the porters—there were some piles of silk in the piece called Gross de Naples on the counter, close by the door—it is the practice of the house to mark goods of that kind in pencil—this piece of silk produced is marked "No. 19"—it is Messrs. Ellis and Everington's property—there are 97 1/2 yards of it—it is not an entire piece by about ten or twelve yards—it has been cut, which, as well as the mark, enables me to identify it—if it had been sold it would have passed through the books in account—I have examined to see if it has done so, and it has not—there is no such thing—the books are here—it is a very unusual thing for a wholesale house to have a piece cut off—I cannot tell when the piece was cut off—there is a small green mark on the silk, which I recollect very well—every entire piece of goods that comes to our place, has the manufacturer's ticket on it—the usual length of an entire piece it from 108 to 112 yards—there has been about as much as would amount to a dress taken from it—I have since examined the goods in the warehouse for the purpose of finding the piece from whence the dress was cat off—I have not been able to find it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many persons are there in the prosecutors' employ? A. About 100 generally—I do not recollect cutting the dress off myself—I know it is cut off by its not having the manufacturer's fag—there is always a white selvage at the end of an entire piece—there are four persons who dispose of property of this kind without my knowing any thing about it.
(John Newport, painter, York-street, Black friars-road; William Holmes, hatter, Waterloo-road; Benjamin Doane, tailor, Rathbone-place, Oxford-street; gave Amos a good character: George Alderson, publican, Hart-street, Cripple gate; and John Edwards, of William-street, Cannon-street-road; gave Ellis a good character.)

AMOS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

ELLIS—

GUILTY
. Aged 42.




Transported for Seven Years.
