



2557. 




EDWARD THOMAS
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the counting-house of 



Thomas Evans and another, on the 
13th of August, at 
St. Saviour, Southwark, and stealing therein 1 pair of spectacles, value 1s. 6d.; 1 hat, value 2s.; 1 coat, value 6s.; the goods of Thomas Evans; and 3 pairs of compasses, value 1s. 6d.; 2400 pence, and 4800 halfpence, the property of Thomas Evans and another.






THOMAS EVANS
. I am in partnership with John Lascelles, of Great Guildford-street, St. Saviour, Southwark. On the 13th of August, about half-past six in the morning, I went to the premises, and found the counting-house door open, and the desks forced—I missed out of my desk a pair of spectacles, three pairs of compasses, and some loose copper of my own; also some coats, a waistcoat, and hat—the key of the iron-chest, which had been locked up in my desk, was taken out—20l. in copper belonging to the firm was gone from the chest—I had locked the desk about half-past one the day before—the counting-house is in a yard, at the back of the house of Mr. Burgess, our clerk—it is enclosed by a wall, and there is a door leading to Mr. Lascelles premises from it.





JOHN LASCELLES, JUN
. I live with my father, and am employed in the counting-house—about half-past seven or a quarter to eight o'clock, I shut up the counting-house, locked the door, and took the key—it was all safe at nine o'clock.





REDMAN WELSH
 (police-constable M 109.) On the 13th of August, about two o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Guildford-street, Southwark, and saw the prisoner and another—I followed them into Gravel-lane—they saw me, and separated—I followed, stopped the prisoner, and found 6s. 3 1/2 d. in copper, three pairs of compasses, a pair of spectacles, and case

on him—he was wearing a coat, waistcoat, and hat, which I now produce—be had them on.

MR. EVANS
re-examined. This is my coat and waistcoat—they were taken from a box—the lock of the door appeared to have been picked—the other articles are mine.





CHARLES LEWIS
. I am a policeman. I took these articles off the prisoner's back.





JOHN MILLS
 (police-constable M 31.) I found a coat in the prosecutor's counting-house—I made the prisoner try it on—it appeared to fit him.

Prisoner's Defence. It is not ray coat; I was coming from Horseley-down-stairs, went into a public-house, and bought the things of a man who owned them; I saw the two policemen drinking together when they stopped me.





REDMAN WELSH

re-examined. We stopped him 150 yards from the counting-house—we were not drinking—there is no public-house in the street.

Prisoner. A young gentleman in the street with them had got a bottle.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Rolfe.
