



1768. 




MARY WALTERS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of May, 1 box, value 4s.; 2 gowns, value 10s.; 2 shifts, value 2s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 1 bonnet, value 10s.; 1 shawl, value 4s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; and 2 towels, value 1s.; the goods of 



Richard Smith.






AGNES SMITH
. I am the wife of Richard Smith, a private soldier in a

regiment which is gone to South Wales—I remained at Chatham nine days after he left, and came to Gravesend on the 21st of May, to get to London, to go to Scotland—I had a box containing the articles stated—I met with the prisoner, she assisted me in carrying the box, and I asked her to go and have some beer—we went to the Royal Oak public-house and had a pint of beer, I left my box there, and asked the people to take care of it—we then went to the Fountain—we there had something to drink—she pretended to be sick, and went out—some men who were there said something to me, and I went to the Royal Oak, and my box was gone—I told the policeman, and the next day I saw was the box in the station—it contains the articles stated.





ELIZABETH FRIEND
. I live at the Royal Oak with my mother. I remember the box being left there by the prosecutrix—the prisoner came afterwards and said she came for the box—she had it, and said she was much obliged to us—I am sure she is the person.





PHILADELPHIA BARNES
. I remember the prisoner coming to my public-house with the box—she went into the tap-room with it, and had half a pint of beer—she came out, and asked for a knife, and said she had lost the key of the box—she asked if I had a key—I said I did not think I had—the officer came and took her.





JOSEPH HOOKER
 (police-constable R 50.) I took the prisoner at Mrs. Barnes's, with the box and the property.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutrix—she asked me to help her with the box, which I did—I was in liquor, and do not know what I did.





AGNES SMITH

re-examined. I do not think she was in liquor.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Year.
