




1027. 




GEORGE WYLD
 and 




THOMAS HANNON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of Feb., 1 pair of trowsers, value 28s., the goods of 



Thomas Parker.






JOHN CHESTERMAN
. I am shopman to Thomas Parker, of Marylebone-lane. On the 16th of Feb. Wyld came to our shop for a patch, to repair his trowsers—I said we did not sell cloth—he left, and in ten minutes Hannon came for a waistcoat—he looked at a dark one—he got to the door, and pointed to one in the window—and while I went to get it, I heard the horse that the trowers hung on fall—I turned, and the horse was right across the shop—I did not miss the trowsers till the officer brought them, about half-past three o'clock—these are them—they are my master's—I had seen them safe at half-past eight in the morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Are you quite sure Hannon was in the shop? A. Yes—it was three quarters of an hour after that I saw him in custody—he came to the counter—the horse was in a back part of the shop, about six feet from the door—I had my back to it—there were not a great quantity of things hanging about it—I have been foreman to Mr. Parker eight or nine years.





JOSEPH DAVIES LEATHART
. I live in Park-place, Bayswater. Between two and three, on the 16th of Feb., I saw the two prisoners and another just going into Manchester-square—I looked up the street, and saw they were followed by an officer whom I knew—I spoke to him, and we followed them down High-street, into Marylebone-lane—three doors from the corner they all three stopped—one looked into the prosecutor's window, and one went into the shop—I cannot say which went in first—he very soon came out, and they all three went some distance, to the corner of the mews—they there had some conversation—all three came back, and Hannon went into the shop, and Wyld went in at the street-door—after some time my attention was drawn from them for a moment—I then saw them all three hurrying away from the house, and turning into the mews—I left the officer, and went to Wigmore-street, where the mews comes into—the officer then came to me, and I saw Wyld going along with a bundle—I seized him, and took the bundle from him—I was obliged to drop it in the struggle, and he kicked me very violently.





EDWARD WELLS
. I was in Wigmore-street on the 16th—I saw Leathart straggling with Wyld—he asked me to assist him—the bundle dropped—he told me to take it up, and take care of it—I did, and on the way there was another struggle—the prisoner's hat fell off, and there was this key in it.

WYLD*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

HANNON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Seven Years.

