



1894. 




THOMAS CONNELLAN
 was indicted

 for feloniously cutting and wounding 



Thomas Connellan on the head, with intent to kill and murder him:—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution,





THOMAS CONNELLAN.
 I am in no trade now; I was a farmer—at the time this matter happened, I resided at No. 3, John-street, Hanway-street, Oxford-street. On Wednesday night, the 2nd of June, about nine o'clock, I was standing at the parlour-door of No. 3, John-street, my sister was standing at the passage-door, and the prisoner's brother outside—I saw the prisoner come to the end of the stairs, which lead from the kitchen, and I was struck immediately afterwards on the head—I did not myself see the person that struck me—I fell; and was bleeding till I was taken to the hospital—I was standing, looking in such a way that I could see either out of the passage-door, or towards the yard—I had not spoken to the prisoner since about six hours previously, nor had anything to do with him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. Do you live in this house? A. Yes—I have been from Ireland since last April twelvemonth—I have done nothing for my living during that time—I have lived on the goodness of my uncle—I used to farm, up to last March twelvemonth—I then came over here—there is only my sister and myself, of my father's family, living with my uncle at present—the prisoner is my cousin; he lived with my uncle at the time this occurred—be was not living with him when I came over—Michael Byrnes and Ellen were—I cannot say how many of us were living upon my uncle—he is between 80 and 90 years of age—I had done nothing that I know of to provoke the prisoner—I was not drunk—I had taken some drink—I had been standing at the parlour—door for two or three minutes—I had not been watching all day for the prisoner—he had not been hiding from me all day in the kitchen—we had had a row at the door in the morning—I know Byrnes and Owen Connellan, the prisoner's brother—I swear Owen and I were not beating Byrnes—I met Byrnes at the door, and asked him a question, and he told me I was a liar—I said he was a liar, and then he struck me—(looking at a torn coat produced by
MR. PARRY)—I did not do all that I am sure—I was not holding Byrnes while Owen Connellan was beating him with the tongs—Owen Connellan struck him—I did not see the tongs in his hand—the greater part of that day I was in the parlour—I swear I was not watching for the prisoner coming up stairs from the kitchen, to prevent his coming out—it was not quite dark when the blow was struck—I did not see the prisoner strike me—there was not light in the parlour or passage except the light of the evening—it was about nine o'clock—I never threatened to do for the prisoner—I did not say that day that I would have his life—I had not been having a row with Michael Byrnes and him for two and three days—there had not been a good deal of quarrelling—I forget whether I said that I was the blood relation of my uncle, and I would have the management

of his property—I was not trying to force the prisoner and his sister Ellen out of the house—I did not threaten two or three times in the course of that day that I would have the prisoner's life, and that he should not go out of the house without a broken head—I had not the tongs in my hand, walking about the passage, about twenty minutes before this occurred—I had not the tongs in my hand that day, unless I had them for the purpose of the fire—I was not threatening to break the prisoner's bones—I was never charged with an assault—I know William Bury—I never assaulted him—I have never been locked up in a station-house for an assault, or for a raw of any sort, nor has any summons been taken out against me—I had drunk some beer on that day—I do not recollect that I had any spirits—the prisoner has not been brought up as a surgeon that I know of.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. You and your sister lived with your old uncle before the prisoner came there; he was not there when you first went there? A. No—I had not struck or threatened him, just before the poker came on my head.





MARY MORAN.
 I am the wife of Patrick Moran, and live in the same house as the prosecutor. On Wednesday night, the 2nd of June, between nine and ten o'clock, I was in the parlour—the prisoner's brother called me out—I went to the street door, and stood there talking with him—I left the prosecutor in the parlour—I heard him call me to go in—I did not go in at the time, but said I would be in directly—he then came to the parlour door to call me, and I saw the prisoner come and strike him with the poker—I do not know where he came from, whether from the yard or from the kitchen—he did not come from the street door or the front way—he came behind him with the poker and struck him with it over the head—he then dropped the poker, and ran out behind his brother, who was standing at the door, and ran across the street—there had been no words between the prosecutor and prisoner while I was there—the prosecutor fell into my arms, and afterwards on the floor—he bled a great deal, and was taken to the Middlesex Hospital.

Cross-examined. Q. There had been a good deal of row in this house in the morning, had there not? A. Yes, between the prosecutor, his cousin, Mike Byrnes, Patrick Clark, and myself—I was in the row—the prisoner was not threatened to beaten in the morning—the prosecutor had not been drinking all day—he had not been fighting all day—he was with the others that were fighting, and he was struck—Michael Byrnes was coming in at the street door, and he was coming out of the yard, they both met at the door, and Byrnes never struck at him till he saw the prisoner and his brother coming behind him, and then they struck each other—this row had not been going on for two or three days—we did not want to turn Byrnes out of the house—I and my brother were not plotting together to turn him out—I do not live with my uncle—I have only come on a visit—my husband is at Liverpool—Byrnes is a relation of my uncle's—I did not see the prisoner till I saw him strike the blow—I was standing at the door at the time—it was not very dark—I was standing with my back to the door and speaking to Timothy Connellan, the prisoner's brother—I had not put the candle out in the parlour—I do not know whether my brother had—my brother had not been more than five minutes in the passage—I did not see him with a pair of tongs in his hand that day—I have said that the prisoner should not go out of the city without a broken head—my brother did not say so too—I had not been threatening him for a day or two before this—I had not had a word with him—I did not say I would not leave London till I had him hung.


COURT.
Q. What did you mean by telling him he should not go out of the place without broken head? A. It was when they were fighting in the morning, and I was in a passion—the prisoner, my brother, Michael Byrnes, Timothy Connellan, Owen Connellan, Michael Clark, his sister, and myself, were all fighting together—we had a regular row in the morning.

MR. PARRY.
Q. Had not Owen the tongs beating the prisoner? A. I did not see that—I did not see him strike him—I did not see Byrnes' coat torn—I did not see the prisoner get behind the bed in the kitchen for fear of my brother, nor hear my brother say he should not go out of the house without a broken head.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. When did the row finish? A. In the morning—there was fighting and quarrelling after that—the prisoner came to the door between one and two o'clock, with a knife in his hand, and said he would stab my brother if he came before him—there had not been a word said from that time till he came with the poker.





EDWARD HARRIS.
 (policeman E 17.) About ten o'clock on Wednesday evening, the 2nd of June, I was sent for to No. 3, John-street—I found this poker in the room, and some blood in the middle of the room—no part of the poker was bloody.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was it found? A. In the front-parlour, where the blood was lying, under the window.





HENRY FOWLER
 (policeman, E 5.) On Friday, the 4th of June, in consequence of information I had received, I went opposite Aldgate Church—the prisoner came up to me there, and said, "I wish to give myself up to you, as I understand I am wanted for the assault on Thomas Connellan"—I took him to the station-house.





JOSEPH DIXON.
 I am house-surgeon at the Middlesex Hospital—about half-past ten o'clock in the evening of the 2nd of June, the prosecutor was brought there—he had a would on the right side of the head. which had been bleeding—on putting my finger into it to examine it, I found the bone was depressed, driven in and pressing on the brain: that would require considerable violence—a blow with such an instrument as this poker might cause it—I should say it was inflicted by the head part—it was necessary to remove a portion of the bone, and I have it here (producing it)—the place had healed up in the proper way.

COURT.
Q. Was it a dangerous wound? A. It was—he remained in the Hospital ten weeks—it so happened that no dangerous symptoms presented themselves, but from the nature of the would they were likely to occur—if he had been of a bad habit of body, there would have been danger of erysipelas, or inflammation of the brain—it must have been a very violent blow.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Would a person coming behind another, with a poker in his hand, be able to strike such a blow as that? A. I should say he might.

MR. PARRY
called






MICHAEL BYRNES.
 I lived in John-street, Hanway-street, from the 22nd Jan., 1846, up to the night in question—I was there before the prosecutor, and had been sent for by my uncle—the prisoner has lived there with my uncle since April last—he was not there before the prosecutor—I managed the rents for my uncle—about ten o'clock on the morning in question, I was sent out by my uncle, and on my returning, and knocking at the door, the prosecutor opened it, seized me by the collar, and dragged me into the parlour, and he and two others struck me most desperately—there were seven,

eight, or nine of us mixed up in it—there was great violence—the prosecutor was very violent, and the prisoner came to rescue me—the prosecutor and his sister tore my coat—the poker and tongs were used, and Clark had a stick—Owen Connellan, the prisoner's brother, took the poker first—he was one of the prosecutor's party—he struck the prisoner with it, and the prisoner took it from him—I did not see prisoner afterwards in the kitchen—I returned at two o'clock for my coat, to take before the Magistrate, and the prosecutor would not admit me—I understand that the prisoner was then in the kitchen, and could not leave it—I did not hear the prosecutor make use of any threat against the prisoner that day.





TIMOTHY CONNELLAN.
 I am the prisoner's brother. I saw the prisoner about half-past nine or ten o'clock on the morning in question, in the kitchen—he was doing nothing, but looking after the breakfast, and preparing to go out as usual—I left him there, and went out; and when I returned, between nine and ten in the evening, I found him hiding in the kitchen—that was before the blow was struck—I knocked at the door, and found he had bolted himself in—he let me in when he found who it was—there had been a great deal of quarrelling and disputing that day—I had been told on the previous evening that the prosecutor was concocting this row, and my uncle told me to come in the morning, that I might effect peace—I did so, but while I was in the kitchen the prosecutor went to open the door, and the row took place.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Where were you when the prisoner struck the below? A. Standing outside, on the pavement, before the door—I did not see the below struck—I saw the prosecutor bleeding—the prisoner ran out behind me—I then returned home—when I left the kitchen, I left only my uncle and the prisoner there—I went and tapped at the parlour door, to ask the prosecutor's sister to allow my brother to come out, as he had told me he was in fear of being knocked down by the parlour door—there seemed to be no enmity against me—the parlour door was half open—there was nobody in the passage when I came up, but the prosecutor was in the parlour, and he came out while I was talking to his sister—I might have been talking to her for five minutes.

COURT.
Q. Then the effect of your coming, was to bring the prosecutor into the passage, and then the prisoner came up with the poker, and struck the blow? A. Well, it appears so; but in the morning I had asked the prosecutor's sister to allow Byrnes to come out, and she did—she took her brother into the parlour, and Byrnes came out—that made me return in the evening to effect a further conciliation, and ask her to allow my brother to go out, and he would never come in again.





ELLEN CONNELLAN.
 I am the prisoner's sister. There was a great disturbance on the morning in question—I went to the doctor's about ten o'clock, and did not come back to the house until about eight in the evening—I went down into the kitchen for my box, and my uncle was lying on the bed—he told me to go out with my brother Timothy—I was going out, and I saw the prosecutor standing in the parlour doorway, with the tongs in his hand, and another person with him—that was about half-past nine o'clock, before the blow was struck—he was not saying anything, but he looked after me—I heard him and his sister (headed by the party in the parlour) say that day that they would have the prisoner out that night—the whole family were all quarrelling together—I go my finger broken in the morning row, as the prisoner's brother was going to strike him on the head.


MR. PAYNE.
Q. Where you one of the fighting party? A. I was going to rescue Byrne along with my brother.





TEDDY CONNELLAN.
 I am first cousin to the prisoner's uncle. I was at the beginning of the row, but I did not meddle with it—I saw the prisoner in the evening—he came down to me, without his hat, which was broken—he did not hide himself, he staid there—I saw the prosecutor that morning, with a pair of tongs in his hand, at the parlour door—I did not see him with the tongs in the evening—the prisoner is lame.

COURT.
Q. Which leg is he lame of? A. Well, indeed, I cannot tell.





TIMOTHY CONNELLAN

re-examined. My brother is lame, but I do not know of which leg.
(The gaoler stated that the prisoner was lame of the left leg.)




GUILTY
on the Second count. Aged 21.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.
—



Transported for Seven Years


