




2573. 




GEORGE RALPH
 and 




JOHN WEBB, alias
 James Anderson,

 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Catherine Ann Comb, about the hour of two in the night of the 
9th of October, at 
St. Pancras, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 22 spoons, value 8l. 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 1l. 10s.; 13 forks, value 1l. 10s.; 2 basins, value 4s.; 1 soupladle, value 1s.; 2 knife-rests, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; and 1 box, value 1d.; her property.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD SHARP
. I live at No. 3, Prince of Wales-court, at the back of Mrs. Comb's house, No. 45, Robert-street—there is a stable and a loft over the stable at the end of my house—a wall runs from there to No. 45, Robert-street—I am a labourer. On the 9th of October I got up at half-past two o'clock in the morning to go to work in my cow-yard—I heard something rattling on the tiles of my stable-loft—I looked out of the door, having nothing on hut my shirt, and saw the prisoner Webb on the tiles of the loft—I drew back into the house, slipped on ray boots, looked out again, and saw him stepping off the tiles on to a gate at the end of my house—I said, "Holloa, how came you here?"—he made no answer, but jumped off the gate, and rushed by me—I called a policeman to stop him—I ran out in my shirt through Robert-street, Mary-street, and William-street—I saw him in Hampstead-road—he was stopped at last—I saw him in custody of a policeman about a minute after I had seen him running along Hampstead-road—I said to him, "How came you in that yard?"—he said, "What yard?"—I said, "I will tell you what yard"—the policeman then took him away.


Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How far is the roof of the house from where you stood? A. It joins the end of my house—I was four or five yards from Webb—I did not know him before—I did not lose sight of him before he was taken.





FRANCIS SCAMMERTON
 (police-constable S 224.) On the morning of the 9th of October, I was on my beat in the New-road, and heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw Webb coming down William-street into Hampstead-road, without boots or shoes on—I pursued, and took him at the end of Hampstead-road—he said, "We only got over the wall, I was taken short"—Sharp came up in about a minute.





RICHARD SHARP

re-examined. I saw Webb throw his boots off his feet as he ran—he stopped and kicked them off his feet.





EDWARD STEPHENS
 (police-constable S 269.) On the night in question, I saw Webb running without boots or shoes on—he was taken immediately after—I am certain he is the man.





SAMUEL GILLMAN
 (police-constable S 76.) I was on duty in Robert-street on the night in question. About half-past twelve o'clock I heard a noise, listened, and heard two people talking together in a yard, and then saw two men walking across the yard adjoining No. 45—it was the prisoners—I saw Webb go along the roof of the shed where the witness saw him come down from—I saw the other prisoner on the top of the wall which parts the yard of No. 45 and the yard they were in—I heard him drop into the area of No. 45, and heard him afterwards in that house—I sprang my rattle, and called "Stop thief"—I saw Ralph running from the house, about ten yards from it, in Robert-street, running towards Hampstead-road—he was brought back in about three minutes by Skidmore, the policeman—I immediately identified him—I said, "You are the man I saw go over the wall"—he said, "Mind what you say, or I will get your coat off your back"—I searched him at the station, and found a small box of lucifer matches, a knife, two penny-pieces, a farthing, and a latch-key—I have not a doubt of the prisoners being the men I saw.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you standing at the time you saw the prisoners together? A. In Robert-street—I was getting on the top of the wall they got over, when I saw him drop into the area—I was within twelve yards of them—I was in the yard adjoining No. 45 when I saw Ralph get over the wall—I did not see him for more than a minute at the time.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long was it from the time you saw him running up Hampstead-road till he was brought back by Skidmore? A. About three minutes.





JOSEPH SKIDMORE
 (police-constable S 160.) On the night in question, in consequence of an alarm, I went towards No. 45, Robert-street, and saw Ralph leaving the rails of the house—I cannot say whether he came from the door or area—he was turning away from the rails in a stooping position towards me—I met him and stopped him, and said, "Holloa, what is all this?"—he seemed very agitated—he said, "All right, policeman, go on, go on, you are wanted up the street"—I said I thought I was wanted there, and took him back—when we got to No. 45, I heard a voice say, "Stop him, stop him, he is in the street"—I said, "I have got him'—I took him nearer the house—a voice said, "That is him, hold him tight, I saw him jump over the wall"—I took him to the station, then went to No. 45—there was a light in the passage, and on the mat near the parlour door

I found these metal sugar basons, with the sugar lying by the side of them—I called in Roberts, another constable, to assist me—I went into the front parlour, found the cupboard thrown open, two table-cloths on the floor, a coffee-caddy open, and a spoon by the side of it—I went into the back-parlour, and I found a chest of drawers broken open, papers scattered about, and a box on the floor broken open—the back kitchen dresser drawer was open, and two empty bottles on the dresser—I found a dark lantern in the back kitchen, a pair of sugar tongs, and a silver spoon by the side of it—various other things were broken open—the back kitchen window was open, and glass taken out to enable a person to undo the catch, and the broken glass in the back area—there were marks round the putty recently made—I found another door broken open by a small crowbar—I found a button on the back area, under the broken window—I compared that button with those on Webb's coat, which had, one missing, and it corresponded with some of those on his coat.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were there not all sorts of buttons on his coat? A. There were two different sorts—I did not see more—there was only one deficient in his coat—I suppose they got in at the window, by breaking the glass, and out the same way.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Would they not have to go in the area to do that? A. Yes, they then had a wall to get over, but the constable stood there, so that they could not get away—Rogers brought me a small crow-bar next day.





GEORGE ROGERS
 (police-constable S 208.) On the morning after this, I discovered this crow-bar on the top of the wall adjoining the back yard of No. 45, Robert-street—I afterwards showed it to the witness.





HENRY ROBERTS
 (police-constable S 164.) I was called to the house about half-past five o'clock in the morning—I found a handkerchief full of plate at the foot of the kitchen stairs, tied up ready to be carried away.





CATHERINE ANN COMB
. I am a widow, and live at No. 45, Robert-street, in the parish of St. Pancras. I was alarmed on the morning in question, about half-past two, by the rattle springing—I went over the house with the policemen, and found it in a state of confusion, as they have described—I occupy the whole house—these two metal sugar basons were in a cupboard in the front parlour, and the spoons in a plate-basket in a drawer in the front kitchen—I found the desks and things removed from the back parlour to the kitchen—I had fastened the back door and back window the night before—I went to bed at eleven o'clock, leaving my servant up—I have a parrot, which on seeing a stranger says, "Who are you?" so distinctly, that it has been taken for a human voice—its cage is on the top of the closet in the back parlour, where the sugar basons were taken from.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is that all it says? A. No, a variety of other things—I cannot say whether it talks in the night, as I am not up.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you several lodgers? A. Yes, they are friends—my daughter and her children live with me—I recollect fastening the back door—I have examined all the articles produced —they are mine.





ELIZABETH DICKENS
. I am servant to Mrs. Comb. I slept in the front parlour that night—things were disturbed in that parlour, but it did not awake me—the rattling of the chain of the street-door awoke me—I went to bed at twelve o'clock, and left every thing safe.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was the parrot in the same room as you? A. Yes, it was the first night I slept in that room.
(Thomas Russel, of New-court, Goswell-street, gave Ralph a good character.)

RALPH—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

WEBB—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Ten Years.
