





1253. 




FREDERICK RADFORD,


 FREDERICK SHAW
, and 



JAMES SHAW
 were indicted for

 a burglary in the dwelling-house of 



Jacob Worster, about the hour of one in the night of the 
2nd of Feb., with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 36 shells, value 1l. 1s.; 230 brushes. 3l. 10s.; 3000 leaves of gold, 7l. 10s.; 25 packets of metal, 1l.; and loz. weight of gold-dust, 4l.; the goods of 



Jacob Worster, in his dwelling-house.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JACOB WORSTER
. I am an oil and colourman, and live in New Compton-st., in the parish of St. Giles-in-the-Fields; it is my dwelling-house. At nine in the evening of 2nd Feb., I locked the premises up with a padlock—I have a side door into the private passage—there is a shop door and a private door, both into the street—the outside private door was fastened, as usual, with a latch—it could be opened from the outside with a key, not without—there was an inner door to the shop from the passage—it was fastened with a padlock—I came down next morning a little after seven, and it was wide open—the padlock was on the ground—I got into the shop, and found a great number of the drawers taken out of the nest, and left on the counter empty—I missed all the gold, a great quantity of brushes, some gold-dust, and other things—some of the brushes I had had in the evening before—what I lost was above 20l. worth—the prisoners Shaws have come to my house for gold-books—I buy gold-books, and sell them—this is part of the property I lost that night—here is one of the brushes that 1 had the same evening—I marked it as I had it in, with my own private mark.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I believe when you sell brushes you

do not rob off the private marks? A. No—these brushes came in between seven and eight in the evening—they were perfectly safe in my premises at nine, when I closed, and had not been undone—there were three dozen of these; one dozen were gone, and two left—that was in another drawer, which they had not opened—I cannot say exactly how many brushes were produced by Weston—I gave information, and on the 1st of March I was fetched to the station, and a great quantity of brushes were produced—these gilt shells were produced by West—they are worth 7s. a dozen, and the brushes about 1l.





JAMES ADDAMS
. I am an artist's brush-maker—I make brushes for the prosecutor—these brushes are particular, and are made for gilders alone—they are different to what I make for artists—I have no other customer but the prosecutor, that deals with gilders—I sold him three dozen the evening before—these are two of them—I am positive.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What do you know them by? A. Being bound with finer thread than usually, and made on shorter and more taper handles than in general—I made only three down, and Mr. Worster had them all—these seven other brushes are of my make.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Of those that were produced by Weal, do you see any there that you made for Mr. Worster? A. Here is only one that I can speak positively to.





GEORGE WESTON
 (police-sergeant Z 3.) On the 1st of March I searched Radford's premises, and found twenty gold shells and forty-eight brushes is his box—he gave Pocock the key of it—when I went in I charged him with another offence—he made no answer.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-constable F 106.) On the 1st of March I accompanied another officer to a house in Mercer-street, Long-acre—I there saw Frederick Shaw's wife—I found twenty brushes in the drawer—Frederick Shaw was not present when we went, which was about eight o'clock in the morning—he came in about nine—Pocock said he must consider himself in custody—I do not know what his reply was.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How many examinations were there? A. Two—James Shaw was not in custody at first—I saw him in the Court when the other prisoners were charged—I do not know that he was there to give evidence for his brother—I did not hear him, nor any one on his behalf say so—I saw him standing outside while I was inside, on the 1st of March—he was taken, I think, about a week ago, about the 6th of April—the second examination was about a week after the first—I saw James Shaw in the street then—I saw him in the Court on the first occasion, but I was inside, beyond the door, and he was outside—he was not called as a witness on either side.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 (police-constable F 81.) On the 1st of March I went with Weston, and assisted in searching the room—in a drawer under the bed I found 112 brushes, and in removing the bed, a paper parcel fell down on the floor between the bed and the wall, which contained twenty-eight more brushes, and two balls of string—they appeared close between the bed and the wall—the drawers were not locked—James Shaw came in while we were in the room—I asked him if he knew Frederick and Edward Radford—he said he did—I told him they were in custody for robbery, and he was charged with being concerned—he asked what robbery I meant—I said, Mr. Ward, of Compton-street, and Mr. Smith, bookbinder, Long-acre.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were you present during both examinations? A. Yes—I did not hear the gentleman tell the Magistrate that

James Shaw was there—I heard it stated that then were respectable witnesses to be called for Frederick.





JOHN HOLT
. oil and colourman, East-street, Manchester-square. About eleven o'clock on Saturday evening, the 3rd of Feb., James Shaw came into my shop as we were about closing business—he said, "I have a job, or rare lot of Dutch metal, will you have it of me?"—I said, "This is a very late time to offer goods, or to tease me about them, I would rather not be troubled with them now"—he pressed me to take them—I asked what he wanted for it—he said 16s.—I said I did not want it, but said, "I will take it of you, I suppose I shall sell it some time, I will give you 14s. for it which I did—this is the metal—he said he had a quantity of brushes to dispose of, and some gold shells—I did not purchase them—on the, following Monday he brought some brushes—I believe this to be the parcel—they were found in Frederick Shaw's bedroom—I opened the parcel and looked at them—this particular one, bound with copper, attracted my attention—I had not seen any like it before.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You had been a customer of his father's? A. Yes—I knew him well—the brushes, were similar to these—I am quite positive be spoke about gold shells.





WILLIAM CORN
. I am foreman to Messrs. Kelsey, of Falcon-square. In, the early part of Feb. last, James Shaw brought a quantity of brushes to sell;—I said I had not time to look at them—he said he took them for a debt—he called again and I had not then time to look at them—he called again and took them away, and said the party had come to an arrangement, and he would take them back—in a few days he brought them again, and I refused to have them—they were a similar sort to these, and bad the name of John Addams on several of them—I swear that this camera hairbrush was one of the parcel—there is a mark on it.





JACOB WORSTSER

re-examined. I know this camel's hair brush—it was made for a particular customer which I have—it was safe on the 2nd of Feb., and gone on the 3rd—out of the forty-eight found I identify these two that came from Bedford's box, and these other seven that I speak to, came from Frederick Shaw's—I believe the gold shells to be mine—they have no mark on them—they were tied in a brown paper when they were taken—I have not seen that paper again.

Witnesses for the Defence.






MART ANN MOORE
. I am servant to Mr. Frederick Shaw, the prisoner's father—he lives in Denmark-street—on the 27th of February, Radford came there with a blue bag—he asked if Mr. Shaw was at home—I said No, James was at home—he said "James, I can't sell these brushes, will you buy them?"—James Shaw said, "Let us look at them," and there were a great many brushes turned out of the bag on to the parlour table—James said, "How much do you want for them?"—I did not hear what Radford said, but James said, "I will give you 25s. for them"—William, the apprentice, was cleaning the window, and Mr. Osborn was there—I cannot say whether any bargain was made, but two hours after I saw the brushes there—James took them away either into his bed-room or into the, shop—I think I should know the bag again—it was a small bag lined with bed-tick.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. I believe you are married? A. Yes—I live with the elder Shaw merely as a servant—I swear I do not live with him. at his wife—I am separated from my husband.





HENRY DOWELL
. I am a carpenter, and live in Denmark-street, next door to Shaw's. On the 28th of (I forget the name of the month)—it was

this year, and two days before Frederick Shaw was taken—I was standing at my door—James Shaw came to me—he said, "I have had a few words with my father," and asked me if I would come and help him carry some things—he took me up into his bed-room—took out some gas pipes, a brass lamp, and a blue bag, and we took them to Mercer-street, Long-acre—we came out—had a drop of drink, and I left him—it was between twelve and one o'clock in the day.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Have you never been in the service of Mr. Shaw? A. No—I know him by occasionally seeing his sons now and then—I have called on his sons—I am not on intimate terms with him—I have been told by several persons that old Shaw has been taken up, but I do not know it of my own knowledge—I was never taken up myself nor charged with anything.

COURT. Q. Did you see what you carried? A. Yes—he took a blue bag out of his box containing brushes—I cannot say how many—there was a string to the bag—the mouth was open and I saw a great many brushes—I dare say I saw fifty—I am not sure.





MART ANN MOORE

re-examined. I am servant to Shaw's father—Radford first came on the 3rd of February to Mr. Shaw's with a bundle under his arm—I do not know what was in it—he went into the shop—James Shaw was there—I did not go into the shop—Mr. Woodford was in the shop, and the apprentice, who is always there.





GEORGE WOODFIELD
. I am a brush-maker, and live in York place, Somers-town—I was in Mr. Shaw's shop on the 3rd of Feb.—Radford came in and brought a bundle—he said he had got a job lot of brushes and Dutch leaf—he asked James Shaw if he would purchase them—he said "No, but I will take them to one of my father's customers in the evening after I have done work"—I heard nothing said about a price—I left Radford there—I saw the brushes and the Dutch metal opened, but I did not minutely examine them—I waited there to see the elder Mr. Shaw and came away.

COURT. Q. Did you hear that the Shaws were taken into custody? A. I heard of it afterwards—the elder Mr. Shaw's apprentice was in the shop when Radford called, and no one else—the apprentice was at work—it was between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day—I am a brush-maker—I have lived in the neighbourhood where I now live for thirty-five years—I do not keep a shop—I have known old Mr. Shaw thirty-five years—I have since learned that the Shaws were at work at Mr. Seaman's up to the time of the robbery.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you sober? A. That I will be judged by the company—I have had some porter and a draught of water—I cannot tell how much spirits was in it—that remains with the publican, how much he put in—the elder Shaw came to ask me to give evidence last Saturday at my residence—he did not offer me any thing for coming.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Are you not a relation of old Mr. Shaw? A. Yes, and the prisoner's uncle.

COURT. Q. What was the apprentice doing that morning? A. He was at work at gold-beating—James Shaw was in the shop at work likewise—the old man was not there—I am quite sure there was nobody else in the shop—I cannot tell how long Mary Ann Moore has lived there—sometimes I go there once in three months, and sometimes once in six months—I went there that day, as I had a little order, which I took home, and did not get my money—I went to borrow some money of the elder Shaw—I did not say any thing about it when I arrived—the female opened the door—I asked if Mr. Shaw was at home—she said, "No"—I said, "Do you expect him in soon?"—she said, "I don't know, I don't think he will be long"—I said, "I will go down

to the shop and sit down"—I stopped about an hour and a half—I was talking to James Shaw and to the apprentice—I smoked a pipe during the time—I had nothing to drink—I cannot call to mind what I was talking about—to the best of my belief Moore came down once, I cannot tell for what, as I was sitting in the chimney corner partly all the time—nobody came in but the young woman, and she did not stay above a second or two—she did not speak to me when she came down—I left Radford there when I went—I had not been there many minutes when Radford came—he did nothing but saunter about the shop—he did not sit down nor smoke a pipe, or have any thing to eat or drink—he was in the shop all the time—I recollect this was on the 3rd of Feb., because I was disappointed of receiving some money, and I went to try to borrow some to get over Saturday night—I had not been there for a month or two before—I am not in the habit of going very often—I should say the girl was there when I went there before, but I did not see her—one of the nephews opened the door—I have been there eight or ten times during the last twelve months—I believe the girl was there all those times—old Mr. Shaw is not married—James lives with him—he is not married—the apprentice and the maid, and James Shaw and the old man are in the house, that is all.

COURT
to
MARY ANN MOORE. Q. How long have you lived at Mr. Shaw's? A. I should say three months—I do not know whether it is three months—I have seen the last witness there two or three times—I saw Radford come on the 3rd of Feb.—I think it was about dinner time—we dine about one o'clock, and he came before dinner—Mr. Shaw was not at home that day—James Shaw dined there, and George Shaw, and William the apprentice—I am sure Radford came before dinner, because I had the meat in my hand, which was not cooked, and when his knock came I laid it on the table—it was a steak—I opened the door for Radford, and he asked if James Shaw was at home—I said, "Yes, in the shop"—I think it was about an hour after that that we had dinner—I did not take any notice—I think Woodfield came before Radford did, but I am not sure—I let Radford in, but I think James Shaw let Woodfield in—after Radford came I was dressing the dinner—I cannot tell how long Wood field was there—I do not see persons go out—I never go into the shop—I am quite sure I was not in the shop that day—when the apprentice is wanted I always call him—I did not let Woodfield or Radford out.





WILLIAM THATCHER
. I am apprentice to Shaw's father—I have been so upwards of five years—I know Radford—I have seen him at my master's frequently—I remember Radford coming with a bundle, on Saturday, the 3d. of Feb., when my master was out—he saw James Shaw in the shop where I was at work—the bundle contained Dutch metal and brushes—Mr. Wood-field was in the shop during the time—Radford asked James Shaw to purchase them—he said he did not know what to say about them, he would take them to a customer of his father's, Mr. Holt in East-street, Manchester-square—Radford left them and went away—I believe Radford came again on the Monday following—I cannot say to a day, it was the beginning of the next week—I saw James Shaw return the brushes to Radford on that occasion—he had sold the Dutch metal, but could not sell the brushes.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What time did Radford come that day? A. I cannot say to an hour—I suppose it was between six and seven o'clock in the evening—Mr. Woodfield was there when he came—I do not know what he came about—I suppose Woodfield remained there a couple of hours—he was sitting down in the shop—I cannot tell what they were talking about—we were all in conversation together—Radford talked—Woodfleld was waiting for old Mr. Shaw—that was all he did—he sat part of the time on the stool by the side

of me, at the cutting-stand, not in the chimney-corner exactly—he had nothing to drink—and he did nothing but sometimes sit, and sometimes walk and talk to us—Radford went away first.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you see Mary Ann Moore during that time? A. I saw her up stairs once, and she came down once for some coke or coals—I do not remember her coming into the shop.

COURT. Q. Who came first? A. Wood field came first—he staid about two hours, and Radford about one hour—I recollect the day, by setting down my work; and I received a letter in the morning from my mother—I believe it was on the 1st of March that I heard of the charge against these prisoners—I was at Bow-street to give evidence, but was not called—I got up about seven o'clock that morning—if I recollect right, old Mr. Shaw was out all day—James Shaw was at work and me—no one else—I worked till breakfasttime, eight o'clock—I breakfasted up stairs—James Shaw and I breakfasted together—I worked from breakfast till dinner, and James Shaw was with me—there was nobody else with us at work—Radford came down in the shop, but I cannot recollect whether it was before dinner—there was only me and James Shaw at work—we dined at one o'clock—we had potatoes and meat—cold mutton to the best of my recollection—Moore was all this time in the parlour up stairs—I saw her come down once before dinner for coals or coke—I continued to work after dinner till about four or five o'clock, when I had tea up stairs—there was Moore and James Shaw, and I—I went down after that to the shop—Woodfield then came, and then Mr. Radford arrived—I am sure it was after tea that Woodfield came—I cannot say to an hour, but I think it was directly we came down from tea—it was not before tea to my recollection—I am sure it was towards the evening—he was there about half-an-hour before Radford came, and Radford went away first—I do not remember that Radford or Woodfield had any thing to drink while they were there—neither of them did any thing—no pipes or tobacco was called for—there was no smoking—I have known Moore about nine months I think—she had been living with Mr. Shaw that time—there was no servant there before her—there was a woman who used to cook and that, but did not live in the house—I suppose we may term Moore a servant, she sleeps in the house, but I do not. know, who she sleeps with—there is a sister she sleeps with—I believe it is her sister—there are two girls in the house—her sister's name is Emma Moore—they both may be called servants, they do the duty of the house—I believe on my oath that those two women sleep together—they both do work of all kinds—they do for the house between them—Emma came first—I do not recollect how long she has been there—I do not know how it was we wanted a second servant—it is very seldom that Emma comes into the shop—I believe Emma was not at home on the day Radford came—the was visiting some of her friends.

RADFORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

JAMES SHAW—


GUILTY
.—



Transported for Fifteen Years.


FREDERICK SHAW—


NOT GUILTY
.
