



1721. 




WILLIAM DAVIS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of May, 1 mare, price 12l., the property of 



Joseph Oliver; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH OLIVER
. I am a butcher, and live at St. Neots, Huntingdonshire. On Friday, the 26th of May, I had a mare on St. Neots common—I went to the common next day, and it was gone—I traced it through Thepston-gate towards London, went to Smithfield-market, informed the police, and found

the mare there exposed for sale that same day—Collins was showing it—I saw the prisoner there—the policeman asked him whose property the mare was—he said, "The mare belongs to me"—it is my property—it is worth 12l.





DAVID HEWITT
. I am a City policeman. I was in Smithfield on the 26th of May, between four and five o'clock—the prosecutor pointed the mare out to me—I saw the prisoner there, and asked him whose mare it was—he said it was his property—I took him on suspicion of stealing it—as I took him along he said he had made a pretty mess of it—I knew Collins as in the habit of showing horses about the market.





GEORGE WARDLE
 (City police-constable, No. 325.) I saw the prosecutorin Smithfield—he claimed the mare—I took Collins—he pointed the prisonerout, and said, "That is the man who authorised me to run the mare"—the prisoner was then secured.

Prisoner's Defence. There was a fair at St. Neots, on Thursday, about nine o'clock that morning I bought two studs for 4l. 17s. 6d. each, and sold them for ten guineas; I was about the fair all day; I met the man in the fair in the evening; we walked to Biggleswade; I rode to Hitchen; I walked to Welling; a man overtook me about a mile further with the mare; he said he brought her from Welling, and his master's name was Wells; I asked him if he was going to sell the mare; he said he was; I bought her of him for 9l. 10s.; brought her to town, and put her up at the Horse and Groom; I told the ostler I had swapped her, and she stood me in 11l., and I did not think I should sell her to-day, but put her in a repository, but about four o'clock I put her in the market; I saw the policeman, and had I been inclined I could have escaped.





JOSEPH PARFITT
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, and I know him to be the man—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.

