




2581. 




WILLIAM WILSON
 and 




CHARLES JACQUES
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
3rd of October, 1 pistol, value 4l. 10s.; 1 powderflask, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 shirt, value 4s.; one cloak, value 1l. 6s.; of a yard of cashmere, value 1s.; and 5 1/2 yards of velvet, value 18s.; the goods of 



Christopher Payne.






CHRISTOPHER PAYNE
. I live at Chesham, and drive my own stagecoach. On the 3rd of October I lost nine paper parcels from my coach which were booked at the Bull inn to go by my coach—I saw them safe in the back of my coach when I left the Essex Arms, at Watford, and when I arrived, at Rickmansworth I missed them—they had been in the hind boot, which was not locked, only pinned—it had been opened and closed again as I had left it—I did not know the prisoners till I saw them in custody at Cierkenwell prison.





MICHAEL MANNING
. I am a hair-dresser, and live in Lisson-grove—the prisoners came to me one Sunday night and asked for a lodging—they had each a bundle on their backs—I gave them a lodging, and they took the bundles into their bed-room—they came down the next morning, and gave me the bundles to take care of—I afterwards gave information to the police.





CAROLINE BASSETT
. I live servant with Mr. Manning. The prisoners came to the house one Sunday night, and on the Monday morning they came down and gave the bundles to Mr. Manning to take care of—they said they were going to the play, and should not be home till late—on the Tuesday they asked for the bundles, and took them into the passage, and

opened them—they then went out—Wilson came back afterwards, and asked for Mr. Manning—I said he was not at home—he opened one bundle, and took a silk cloak out, and went away.





THOMAS STACK
 (police-constable D 100.) Mr. Manning gave me notice—I found the two prisoners in Stingo-lane—I followed, and overtook them in York-street—I asked what they had got in their bundles—they turned, and said to Manning, who was with me, "You can see"—I took them to the station-house—I found in Wilson's bundle a silk cloak, and on his person 21s. 4d. in silver, and 1 1/2 d. in copper; a knife, a pistol-screw, and a powder-flask—these are the articles.





HARRIET LONG
. I bought this cloak and sent it directed to my sister—I had it booked at the Bull, in Holborn.





ANDREW TACKLEY
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I sent a parcel to a person at Rickmansworth—this waistcoat-piece was in it—I booked it at the Bull, in Holborn.





JAMES UTTON TURNER
. I received an order from Mr. Richardson, of Rickmansworth, for some velveteen, we made it up, and I took it to the Green Man public-house, to go to him—this is it.

Wilson's Defence. This day three weeks we were going along the road, and found these things in a field—we pulled off our smock-frocks, put them in, and next morning we came up to town.

Jaques's Defence. We heard a noise on the other side of the hedge—we went back to the gate, and heard some one run away—I did not see any one—we there found these things.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—

JAQUES—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—




Transported for Seven Years.
