




2420. 




JAMES SPACKMAN
 and 




MARK BARKER



, stealing 7 quarters of wheat, value 18l.; the goods of 



William James Reynolds, the master of Sparkman.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM JAMES REYNOLDS
. I was a farmer, at Stratford—I now live at 129, Bishopsgate-street. When I was in the farming business, Spackman was my foreman, and lived in a cottage adjoining the stables and barn, on my farm—I did not know Barker then—he keeps a horse and cart, and a little greengrocer's-shop, at Stratford—I had repeatedly spoken to Spackman about missing things—on 30th Aug. they began to reap some wheat—I reckoned, as nearly as possible, that there would be very nearly forty quarters in that threshing—this wheat was different from any other in the neighbourhood—Spackman had the charge of the barn altogether, before and after the threshing; it is quite impossible that it could have been interfered with without his knowledge, his cottage was close to the barn, and no one could come to it without his seeing them—he brought the keys in every night, and came to my window between four and five o'clock every morning, and I gave them out to him—he rendered me an account of twenty-eight quarters and five bushels—I have been a farmer ever since I was fourteen years old—I am able to calculate what quantity should be produced—the nature of the crop and the hours employed in threshing would be very fair data for the amount—on the morning of 20th Sept. I went up to Barker—I said, "Is your name Barker?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "What did you do with the wheat that you carted from my house?"—he said, "I do not know you; I have not carted any wheat"—I said, "You carted two quarters and a half, on the 5th and on the 6th"—he said, "You know all about it; I carted, altogether, seven and a half and six bushels; I was employed by Spackman to do it"—I said, "Who?"—he said, "Spackman, Green, and Oliver"—they were men

in my employ, and were completely under Spackman's direction, and no one else—mine was white wheat, a little discoloured—when Spackman was in charge, he said, "Master, I hope you will have mercy on me in this case."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had not he to attend to the live stock on the farm? A. Not at this period—when the threshing began I distinctly told him to attend to that only—there was no live stock at that time—I had no horse to exercise within the last ten months—there were some sheep belonging to Mr. Lowe, his man looked after them; Spackman had nothing to do with them—Hickman and Green, who worked with Spackman and Oliver on my farm, have absconded—Spackman has a wife and six children.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Have not farmers complained of very great want of the fufilment of their expectations, both in quantity and quality? A. Yes; but I put the fields down at less than half that they have yielded other years.





THOMAS ADDINGTON
 (policeman, K 189). I took Barker on 20th Sept, at bis house—Mr. Reynolds gave him in charge for stealing wheat—he said, "I had nothing to do with stealing it; I own I carted it; I was employed by Spackman; he paid me 5s. for it, and knowing he was Mr. Reynolds' foreman, I did it"—I took it to Mr. Cook's mill, in Manor-house-lane.





GEORGE ROBERTS
. I live in James's-place, Stratford. I saw Barker on 6th Sept, in Stratford, with his horse and cart, with sacks in it, which appeared to be full, coming in a direction from Mr. Reynolds'—I got to Mr. Reynold's in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour afterwards, and Spackman was in the stable—next morning I met Barker again, in Angel-lane, with his horse and cart, and five or six sacks, similar to what he had the day before.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did you count the sacks? A. No—I have known Barker twelve months—I never went to his house—I knew he had a horse and cart—I never knew him to let them out.





MARIA ROBERTS
. I am the wife of George Roberts. About a quarter-past five o'clock, on 8th Sept., I was going to work—Barker passed me in his cart—he seemed to have some sacks or a sack in it—I cannot tell whether full or empty—the mouth hung over the cart—he went straight towards Mr. Reynolds's farm, towards the potato-shed, which is close to the barn—I cannot tell what he did—I saw him coming away, and Spackman passed by the end of the stable towards his house—Barker was back at about half-past five—I said, "Good morning, Mr. Barker"—he gave me no answer.





WILLIAM BARNARD
. I am in the employ of Mr. Cook, a miller, at Stratford. On 6th Sept. Barker brought five sacks of wheat, five on the 7th, and five on the 8th—he did not say on whose account he brought them—the wheat was shot and ground—it was nearly all white wheat, but discoloured—it was mixed with some more corn in a bin to be ground.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Do you purchase large quantities of wheat? A. Sometimes—we purchase wheat of various growths, some white and red, and some discoloured.





WILLIAM BONNICK
. I superintend Mr. Cook's mill—Barker Came to me on the evening of 5th Sept., and asked if I was a buyer of wheat—he brought a sample, and said there was about seven quarters and six bushels—I agreed to buy five quarters of him—he showed me this paper, "15 sacks 2 bushels," to show the handwriting where it came from—it is dated Harlow, in Essex—I gave 54s. a quarter for the wheat—on the 6th he brought five sacks, on the 7th five, and on the 8th two quarters and six bushels, and that I could not agree for—I did not purchase it then—I bought it on the following Wednesday

—the markets were declining—I knew the wheat that Mr. Reynolds grew; it was white wheat—I had dealt with Barker before for wheat—he said this wheat came from his brother-in-law—he had told me before that his brother-in-law lived at Hailow, in Essex—he had the sacks back again on the 7th.





WILLIAM POTTER
 (police-man. K 273). I searched Barker's house, and found six empty sacks, with "W. Cook" on them—I asked Barker how he came by them; he said they were sacks he had borrowed of Mr. Cook to fetch some wheat away from Mr. Reynolds farm, and he had 5s. a load for carting them—I sent word to Mr. Cook, and he said they were his sacks, and he had lent them to Barker.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you take Spackman? A. Yes—I said I took him for some potatoes and corn—he said, "I expected so, but I am innocent."





WILLIAM YORK
. I am foreman to Mr. Rees, a timber-merchant, at Stratford. I know Barker—he said he had some wheat coming from his brother-in-law, and requested me to write this paper for him—I did so.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.Q. When was this? A. I cannot say—I believe the date is on it—it might have been four or five months ago.
(Daniel Hayes, a draper of Stepney, and Mr. Seagrave, a joiner, gave Barker a good character).

SPACKMAN



GUILTY
. Aged 33.

BARKER



GUILTY
. Aged 42.





Transported for Seven ears
.
