



2111. 




WILLIAM JOSEPH BAILEY



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



John Payne, on the arm, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.


MR. MELLER
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PAYNE
. I am a labourer. On Monday, 21st Aug., I was at Mr. Holford's beer-shop, and saw the prisoner there—he abused Mrs. Holford very much—I interfered, caught hold of him, and put him down on the settle—he asked me what I had to do with it, and abused me—I said I had very little to do with it, but he might as well be quiet—he asked me to strike him—I then struck him with my hand, I think, on the chin, not a very hard blow—he stood up a little while, and then sat down, and continued sitting ten minutes—he then jumped up, pulled his jacket off, went to the table, and took a knife—I did not see him take it—he then came to me, and stuck the knife in my arm—I thought he was going to hit me, and put my arm up to save the blow, and received the knife—he said afterwards he wished he had killed me—it was a very severe wound—I fell down, and a surgeon was sent for—the prisoner had had some beer, but was not drunk.

COURT
Q. To what part of your body was the blow directed? A. I cannot say—the wound was on the upper part of my arm—I saw him coming to strike me—I put my arm to defend myself—he walked up to my side with the knife in his hand, but I did not see it—I had not seen it on the table—it is what is called a hog-killing knife.





WILLIAM HILLIER
. I live at Ruislip. I was at Mr. Holford's when the quarrel was going on between the prisoner and Mrs. Holford—the prisoner was stopping to hit the landlady, and Payne put him down on the settle, and said, "Joe, you ought to be ashamed of yourself to call a woman like that"—he had called her a b—y whore—the prisoner told Payne it was no business of his, and he said he would make business with him; he should not kick up a row there—after that, Payne hit him, but not to hurt him—it scratched the skin off his upper lip—the prisoner then sat down for ten minutes I suppose—he then got up, caught a knife up off the table, went across the room, and stabbed Payne with it in his left arm—not a word had passed between them after Payne had struck him—the prisoner carried the knife back-handed, and struck the blow downwards—it was a hog-killing knife.

COURT
Q, Can you tell where the knife would have hit if Payne had not removed his arm? A. It would have gone down on his side, near his left breast.,





WILLIAM HOLFORD
. I keep the beer-shop. On 21st Aug. my wife retust the prisoner for a pot of beer—he said he thought he could be trusted, as he had paid her a good deal of money the week before for eating and drinking, and he called her a liar—Payne said, "You have no business to abuse this woman; you take and sit down, or else I shall sit you Gown, and pushed him down—he got up again directly—Payne told him to be quiet, or he would hit him—they had a few words, and Payne struck him

with his fist—I cannot say whether it was a hard blow—I did not see my blood from it—they then stopped about five minutes, or more and she that the prisoner caught the knife up off the table, and struck Payne with it; but I did not see him—I tried to get it away from him, and said, he drop the knife, for God's sake"—he then dropped it, and my wife picket-up and carried it away—it is a very sharp knife, and used for killing pigs—the prisoner might have had something to drink—I do not know how much—I sell nothing but beer—after he had struck the blow he said he wished he had killed him.

Prisoner. Q. Was not I tipsy? A. I cannot say—you could walk straight—you might have been fresh.






ROBERT HENRY TITE
. I am a student of medicine. I saw Payne on 21st Aug., and found an incised wound on the upper part of his left arm, about three inches in length, and the same in depth—a portion of the muscle, and a small branch of the artery had been divided, and blood was flowing from there—he fainted three times from loss of blood—it was not a dangerous wound—it was such as would be inflicted with a knife like this—I only saw his that night and the next morning—he has been under Mr. Rayner's care sins,





WILLIAM RAYNER
. I am a surgeon, at Uxbridge. I attended Payne on the day after this occurred—I found him exceedingly faint from previous loss of blood, and in a very weak state—I examined the wound, and found it about three inches in length—I have attended him up to the present time—it was not by any means a dangerous wound—it was a flesh wound.

Prisoner. I hope you will have mercy on me.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

