



2185. 




SAMUEL LEVY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of July, 1 box, value 2s., and 72lbs. weight of candles, value 2l.; the goods of 



Francis Chatting.







ABRAHAM GRAY
. I am twelve years old, and live at No. 15, Carter-street, Cutler-street, Houndsditch. On Monday, the 4th of July, I was coming down Houndsditch, and saw a truck, with a box of candles in it—another man put it on the prisoner's shoulder, and he ran away with it—the witness Akers came up—I told him what I had seen, and he ran after the prisoner—I followed him into Petticoat-lane, and there saw the same man that had put the box on the prisoner's shoulder take it off the prisoner's shoulder, give it to Akers, and he got off—the prisoner got out the back-way, down a little court out of Petticoat-lane—I was going to ran after him, but the Jews hit me, and would not let me do so.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Your father has hit yon very often, has he not? A. Yes; not for dishonesty, not for stealing jackets, or any thing of that sort—I swear that—Carter-street is a place where they sell old clothes—I go to school—I knew the prisoner before—it was about a quarter of a mile from Houndsditch to the shop in Petticoat-lane—I am quite sure it was the prisoner I saw carry the box—Akers was with me at the shop—I did not know the man that put the box on the prisoner's shoulder—I should know him again—I had seen him walking down Houndsditch before he took the box—I have not seen him since.





WILLIAM AKERS
. I am a porter, in the service of Mrs. Burrows and Son, confectioners in Houndsditch. On Monday, the 4th of July, I was in the shop, and saw a truck with a box of candles—an alarm was given soon after, and I went towards Petticoat-lane, and saw the prisoner with a box of 'candles on his shoulder—I saw him turn into a shop in Essex-street, the party that belonged to the shop took it off his shoulder, and he escaped by a back entrance, which I was not aware of, or I could have taken him—several people came into the shop while I was in there—it was some man in the shop that took the "box off the prisoner's shoulder—I believe he was the master of the shop, but I do not know it—I knew nothing of him before—I seized hold of the box—I afterwards saw the prisoner in Clerk en well prison—I knew him directly.

Cross-examined. Q. He was shown to you without anybody else being with him, was he not? A. No, with four or five others, and I picked him out—I swear that—I cannot say where Gray was when I went into the shop—I did not see him there, not till I was going up Houndsditch to the station—a lad had charge of the truck, he is not here—I saw the prisoner at Clerkenwell on the Saturday following—when I first saw the prisoner with the box, going down Petticoat-lane, I saw him turn into the shop, and I was in the shop before he got the box off his shoulder—the other man remained in the shop about a quarter of an hour—the prisoner went out the back way—I have not been to the shop since, to see if the man belonged to it.





FRANCIS CHATTING
. I am a tallow-chandler, and live in Ireland-row, Mile-end-road—this box is my property—it contained six dozen candles, worth 2l. 2s.—I sent them in a truck with a lad, to Mrs. Burrows, to be delivered there.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is your lad? A. At home—his evidence was not considered necessary—I delivered the box of candles to him from my house.





JAMES HALL
 (City police-constable, No. 644.) I went with Akers to Clerkenwell prison, and he identified the prisoner in my presence—I first asked the prisoner if he knew me—he said he did not—I then asked the

prosecutor if he knew him, and he said, "Yes"—I looked at the book. and he was in the name of William Jones there.

Cross-examined. Q. How many other persons were there at the time? A. I should think five or six—I pointed out the prisoner, and asked Akers if that was not him—I turned round, looked at him, and said, "Is not that the prisoner?"—he said, "Yes."

COURT. Q. Had you looked at him first? A. Yes.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
