





713. 



HENRY ALBERT



, stealing 40 yards of carpet, value 10l.; the goods of 



Henry Wood and another: and 




WILLIAM BURT
 and 



ELIZABETH BURT



, feloniously receiving the same, knowing, &c.



MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BEAGLE
 I am a furniture-dealer, and live in Westminster-bridge-road. In March last year I was a customer of Messrs. Woods', of Watling. street—I produce an invoice of four square carpets, which were brought to my house from them on 30th March—they did not suit me; they were the wrong colours—I produce a delivery-order which I got when I delivered them up the next day, I think to Albert, it was to Messrs. Woods' man, who came for them—they were four square carpets in separate pieces—after that I saw no more of them.

Albert. Q. How do you know you gave them to me? A. I said I thought I gave them to you—I did not say I was positive—you and Young always came together—to the best of my belief it was you.





FREDERICK YOUNG
 I come now out of Newgate—I was formerly carman to Messrs. Woods', of Watling-street—I was convicted in Oct. last for robbing them, and sentenced to be transported—Albert was a porter in their employ-. I know William Burt, he kept a shop in Elm-street—I do not know that he had any other place—he sold carpet-cuttings, and bags and cushions—he worked for Messrs. Caldecott, in Great Russell-street—I have seen him it Messrs. Woods, once or twice—he knew Albert—I do not know whether he had seen him at Messrs. Woods' warehouse. On 30th March, 1848, I took some carpets to Mr. Beagle's, this is the entry of them in this book—it was made by a lad who made the invoice—on the following day, the 31st, I brought away from Mr. Beagle's, four square carpets—Albert was present, he was in the cart at the time they were received in the cart—we drove to Elm-street, where I gave the carpets out to Albert—I then drove to the bottorn of Mount Pleasant, and stopped at a public-house—I do not know whether the measure of the carpets had been taken before they were given to Albert—I waited at the public-house a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—Albert and William Burt then came—we had some conversation, and had something to drink, and William Burt told us to call up on Sunday morning—Albert and I called on the Sunday morning—we saw Mrs. Burt, and received from her 2l. 8s.—that was all we were to get for the carpets—I do not recollect whether her husband was present at the time—I am not certain whether Mrs. Burt paid the money to Albert or to me—I had 24s., and Albert the other 24s.—I had some conversation with Albert about how he should manage the carpets at the warehouse—he said he should take a sheet down into the cellar, and put four carpets of the same size in it.

Albert. If I had been with him, my signature would have been in the daybook; he carman is only responsible for the driving of the horse; the other man that goes is responsible for the goods.





GEORGE HOWARD
 (City police-inspector). I went to take William at Messrs. Caldecott's, upholsterers, in Great Russell-street—I asked him if he knew anything about four square carpets, he said no, he did not—I asked him more than once—I told him they were Mr. Wood's—he denied it—I said I had information that he had bought them, he said, he did not; probably his wife might have bought them—I then asked if she had bought them, whether he would ever have seen them, he said, No" he never saw them—I then asked him if he knew a person of the name of Lee, he said, "No, I do not"—I said, Do you know Whitcher?"—he said, "No, I do not"—I said, Do you know Albert?"—he said, No, I do not"—I asked him if he knew Mr. Wood's carpet-warehouse, in Watling-street—he said, he did not—I said, You must know it, for you signed your name"—" Oh yes, he said "I have; I do know them"—I asked him if he did not live in Elm-street,

he said, "No, I do not"—I put the question to him about four times—he said he lived at 11, Gough-street—we got into a cab with him, and the cab went down Elm-street—Mr. Fry, who was in the cab with us, said to him," That is your house, "pointing to 10, Elm-street, Burt said, "Yes, it is"—I went to the house in Gough-street, and then to Elm-street—I searched them both, but did not find the carpets—afterwards, when Elizabeth Burt was present, I made some more inquiries about the carpets—I think I put the question myself to William Burt—I said, "Do you know anything I about the four square carpets?"—he denied knowing anything about them—Elisabeth Burt made answer and said, "It is no use your denying it, you see Albert has told all; you know you were at home that evening"—his answer was," I believe I was."





HENRY WOOD
 I am in partnership with my brother—we live in Red Lion-court, Watling-street—we keep a carpet-warehouse—Young was a carter in our employ, and Albert was a porter—these carpets were kept in the cellar; Albert would have access to them—if any carpets were removed from that cellar, Albert would know it—if he brought any carpets to Mr. Thackrah he would take Albert's representation about them—it was Albert's duty to be at the warehouse half an hour before other persons; he came at eight o'clock in the morning, and the warehousemen at half-past eight—our stock is very large—we have taken stock lately—our loss is more than 1,000l.—we dismissed Albert on the 4th Nov., but having no case, he was not taken into custody till we got a further statement.

Albert. Q. Had not a man the charge of the door? A. Yes—it was possible for you to take things in and out—a man named Wray was on the premises, who for fifteen or sixteen months embezzled to a large amount, and it was compromised; but these carpets were not connected with him. Albert. Wray had the charge of the carpet-warehouse, and I also; it was my place every day to go to dinner at twelve o'clock; Wray had the opportunity of taking anything as well as me; Mr. Wood declared he did not care what expense he went to, or what he did, so long as he could get hold of us. Witness. I said I did not care what expense I went to, to get the parties taken who bad robbed me.

MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Albert was tried last Session? A. Yes—Young was not a witness against him—none of those witnesses are here.

Albert's Defence. Mr. Wood held out hopes to Howard what he would do for him, and he said he did not care what he did, so long as he could lay hold of all of us; I am perfectly innocent of it; Mr. Wood states that he has lost property, but we had left three months before he missed it; he has had a carman since, who has had two months' imprisonment; I took none, not even what I was tried for last Session.

ALBERT—


GUILTY
of stealing.
—


Transported for Seven Years. He was also sentenced to be Transported for Seven Years more, upon the indictment on which he was convicted last Session (see page 328).
WILLIAM BURT—


GUILTY
of receiving.
—



Transported for Fourteen Years
. ELIZABETH BURT—


NOT GUILTY


