



1882. 




PATRICK HAYES



, feloniously cutting and wounding william Pearson, with intent to resist his lawful apprehension; having been before convicted.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PEARSON
 (policeman, K 210). On 8th July, between twelve and one o'clock, I was on duty at Limehouse, and saw the prisoner with four or five persons sitting on the sill of the Sir John Barleycorn beer-shop, with his legs across the pavement, so that no one could pass, and talking very loud—I asked him to get up and go away—he said he should not, he should stop as long as he liked, and go when he liked—I took hold of him, lifted him into the road, and turned him towards the church—I turned to go the other way, he came behind me, knocked my hat off, and struck me a very violent blow with a ship's scraper—it cut me down, and I was laid up nine days.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You drew your cutlass? A. Yes, but not before he struck me—I hit him three or four times over the legs with the back of it—the blood was streaming over my eyes before I drew it—I did not follow him in the road—I did not take my truncheon out at all—I have never had complaints of my being drunk on duty—I went with others to take the prisoner at his room—I did not go in with my drawn cutlass—the people did not exclaim against my conduct in the street.





JAMES HAMS
 (police-sergeant, K 21). I found Pearson in Salmon's-lane, without his hat, and bleeding—the prisoner was being held on the ground by three or four constables—he was very violent, a stretcher was brought, but we could not put him on it, and were obliged to take him by force—hes side he wished he had a knife, he would shove it into the b----r----two others tried to excite the mob to rescue him—I took them in charge.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you take one because he remonstrated with you? A. No—I charged him with obstruction—he said, "Don't let him go! don't let him go!"—he got a month.





HENRY EDGILL
 (policeman, K 318). I heard a cry of "Murder!" and saw Pearson bleeding profusely from his head, quite stupified—I saw the prisoner with this tool in his hand, in the act of striking a second blow—I drew my truncheon, struck him on the arm, and wrenched it out of his hand—he got away—I went to his house and retook him.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was Pearson's cutlass when you came up?


A. In his hand—I never saw him drunk—one or two of us drew'our cutlasses when we took the prisoner—we used no more violence than we thought necessary.





GEORGE BAILEY
. I am a surgeon, at High-street, Poplar. I was called in to Pearson, and found an incised wound on his forehead, penetrating nearly to the bone—he was in my care eight or nine days.

Cross-examined. Q. Would not a violent blow with this thing have gone through the skull? A. Yes.

MR. HORRY
called






THOMAS FITZSIMMONDS
. On 10th July, at half-past ten o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner in Salmon's-lane—he was very much intoxicated—Pearson struck him on the head with a staff, and dragged him out of the alley he lived in—I cried, "Shame!" and was taken into custody, and tried for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you sing out, "Do not let him go!" A. No—I have been tried for felony, and had four months.





CAROLINE WARE
. My husband is a blacksmith, at Salmon's-lane. I was standing at the top of the street, waiting for my husband—Hayes spoke to me and another young woman, and sat down under the window—a policeman said; "Jim, it is time for you to go home"—he said, "My name is not Jim, I shall go along when it suits me"—the policeman hit him three or four times with his staff, and drew his sword—the prisoner fell, and two policemen beat him shamefully when he was down—a policeman struck me, I cannot say whether intentionally or not.





JOHN DAVIS
 (policeman). I produce a certificate—(read—Patrick Hayes, convicted July, 1847, and confined four months)—I was present—he is the man—he has been tried twice since for assaulting the police.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

