



1374. 




MARY HUNT
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of April, 1 half-sovereign, 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the monies of 



William Williams, from his person.






WILLIAM WILLIAMS
. I am a draper, and live in Vauxhall-street, Lambeth. On the 5th of April I was in Tothill-street, Westminster, going home, and saw the prisoner—I did not know her—she spoke to me first, and took hold of my arm—I desired her to go her way, and leave me to mine—I believe she observed a policeman, and she did leave me for a moment—after I had walked about twenty yards, she came to me again, took my arm, and asked which way I was going—I told her to leave me altogether—she did not, but took hold of my arm, and in a minute gave me a turn round the corner of a street—she directly put her fingers into my right-hand waistcoat pocket, and took out 15s.—I had changed a soveregin not long before, and had counted my money before I met her—I had it in my waistcoat-pocket not ten minutes before I met her—after she had taken it I felt in my pocket, and missed it—I did not like to accuse her of robbing me, and walked about twenty yards down the street with her, expecting to find a policeman—I then asked her whether she would, or would not, give me up the money that she had taken from me—she directly got from me, and ran away—she gave me chance down two or three turnings—I was close on her the whole time—I did not lose sight of her—I caught her again by Duck-lane—she instantly called out for the assistance of a man or two—she called out "Joe" and a man directly came up with a girl—directly she found the man had come up she threw the money away—the man and girl picked some of it up—the prisoner then wanted to get away from me—I 'still kept hold of her—she then caught my hand

in her mouth, and bit a large piece out of it, and also bit two of my fingers—I kept hold of her till she bit my fingers so severely that I was obliged to loosen her—I then caught hold of a portion of her frock, singing out very loudly for a policeman—one came up, and the man and girl who picked up part of the money made off—I picked up a half-crown and two shillings, which the prisoner had thrown away, close to my feet—I swear positively that the man picked up some.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see a policeman when the prisoner spoke to you? A. I did, on the opposite side of the way, when she took hold of my arm—I desired her to leave me, but if a female speaks to me I am not going to call for a policeman directly—she did not walk with me arm-in-arm for about thirty yards—she walked arm-in-arm with me from the corner, which was, I suppose, about twenty yards, after she had picked my pocket—it might be between twenty and thirty yards—she took my arm, and walked with me—it was against my will, certainly—I had been to sup with a friend that night, who is a publican—I accidentally dropped in as a friend—I did not pay for my supper—I did not count my money at my friend's house, but in coming along the street—I generally count my money after going anywhere, or before I go to bed, or before I go home—I have, perhaps, counted it going along the street—I counted it in the street that night, to see what money I had in my pocket—I was perfectly sober—I cannot say exactly what money I had in my pocket—I told the Magistrate the prisoner called out for a man or two—she called out for "Joe" and "Tom"—I believe I told the Magistrate that—I swear I mentioned the names of the two—my deposition was read over to me—I was desired to attend to it—I did so, and signed it—I am sure that what I have stated about Tom and Joe was read out to me—(The witness's deposition being read, contained no mention of the prisoner's calling for Tom and Joe)—to the best of my recollection it was read to me—I believe it was—the Magistrate asked me what parties she called out and I told him—I cannot say whether the clerk put it down or not—she did call it out—I cannot swear whether the clerk read it out to me—I stated it, and I supposed it was in my deposition—I took no liberties with the prisoner—my money was not in a purse, but loose in my pocket.





SAMUEL BRINE
 (police-constable K 33.) On the evening in question I heard a cry of "Police"—I found the prosecutor holding the prisoner by the arm at the corner of Duck-lane—he gave her in charge, and told me in her presence that she had robbed him of 15$.—I asked him what it consisted of—he said half-a-sovereign, half-a-crown, two shillings, and sixpence—I took the prisoner to the station, and found on her 2s. 1d.—the prosecutor's hand was bleeding when I came up to him.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.
