



1123. 




JAMES WRIGHT
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 brooch, 1s. 6d.; 3 half-crowns, 8 shillings, and 1 sixpence the property of 



Elizabeth George, from her person.







ELIZABETH GEORGE
. I live in City-terrace, City-road. On the 18th of March, between twelve and one o'clock, I was in Alderagate-street, near Jewin-street—I had a purse in my hand containing 16s. in half-a-crown, shillings, and sixpences—the purse was snatched from my band by a man—I did not see his face—the prisoner was brought back within five minutes, and he was dressed as the man who snatched my purse—this is ray purse, and this, brooch was in it—the moment he snatched it he was gone.





WILLIAM NORMAN
. I live in Hook-court, Snow-hill, I was in Aldersgate-street, and saw the prisoner and another in company—the prosecutrix went along, and the other man, named Smith, looked into her hand—she went into a shop—they waited about till she came out—she got some distance on, and the prisoner snatched the purse out of her hand, and ran away—Smith followed some distance behind in the mob—I am sure the prisoner is the man that snatched the purse—he ran to Jewin-crescent, and I hallooed "Stop thief"—he ran round the Crescent, and was taken when I came up.





WILLIAM RICHARD PLATFORD
. I saw the prisoner snatch the purse from the prosecutrix's hand—he ran across Jewin-street, into the Crescent.





GEORGE WILLIAM WEATHERBY
. I found the purse over a wall in Jewin-crescent—a man got over the wall, and 1 gave it him—the prisoner had passed that way.





GEORGE CHANCE
. I saw the prisoner throw the purse over the wall.





JAMES BATH
 (City police-constable, No. 138.) I produce the purse—it Contains the money stated and the brooch.

Prisoner's Defence. I had bad a job from Billingsgate to Smithfield, and my master told me to make baste borne; I was running, I beard some person cry, "Stop thief" and they said I robbed the lady, but I am quite innocent.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported fot Ten Years
,
