




2269. 




JEREMIAH WAYLAN
 and 




JAMES MORGAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of July, 9lbs. weight of bread, value 9d.; the goods of 



Charlotte Isaacs, and that Morgan had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE ROGERS
 (police-constable D 71.) On the 26th of July, I was on duty in Weymouth-street—I saw Morgan lying down by the side of the area railing, of No. 18, which is a private house—I watched him—I saw Waylan come up the area steps, and give Morgan something through the railing—Morgan turned and went away—Waylan got over the railing and joined him—they walked off together—I followed close after them up a Mews—I knew where they slept, and where they resorted—they went up into a place called Grotto-passage—Waylan opened a door that led down the kitchen stairs—Morgan gave Waylan the bread, and ran up the first floor staircase—I immediately turned my lamp on both, ran up the stairs and fetched Morgan down—he said, "I have done nothing"—I said to Waylan, "Where did you get the bread?"—he flung the bread down the stairs—he said, "I picked it up by the side of a post in Weymouth-street"—I took them both to the station—I produce the bread.





CHARLOTTE ISAACS
. I live in Weymouth-street, Marylebone. On the 26th of July, between ten and eleven o'clock, the bread was safe in the larder in the front area, which was merely fastened by a button—the area door was fastened—between twelve and one o'clock, I was called up by Rogen—I missed bread, butter, meat, pudding, and several things from the larder—I think I had this sized loaf, and pieces of bread—I cannot swear to it—I had, several little loaves of white bread—my larder was stocked with bread of that appearance over night—there was no bread left when I got up—the man servant, lady's maid, and my own servant use the larder—this bread belongs to me.





CHARLES ROBERTS
 (police-constable E 20.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Morgan's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

WAYLAN—



GUILTY. Aged 16.—Recommended to mercy
.—




Confined Six Months.



MORGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years.

