



2804. 



THOMAS SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12st of October, 1 writing-desk, value 3l. 5s.; 1 writing-case, value 2l.; I flute value 12l. 12s.; and I guitar, value 1l. 1s.; the goods of 



Robert Hicks in his dwelling-house.






ROBERT HICKS
. I am a surgeon, and live in Old Burlington-street, St. James's. I had a writing-desk and travelling-case, which I saw safe in my dining-room before eleven o'clock on the morning of the 21st October

—I left the house a little after eleven, returned between one and two in the afternoon, and found the writing-desk and case gone—also a flute and guitar.





GEORGE SAUNDERS
. I am the proprietor of a cab. Between eleven and twelve o'clock on Friday the 21st of October, I was with one of my own cabs on the rank in Oxford-street, near Argyle-street—the prisoner came up and asked me to take him to Smith field—he had a large writing-desk and a Russia leather case with him—he got into the cab and I drove him to Smithfield—he stopped at the top of West-street and got out, took the writing-desk and case, and went down West-street—I saw another young man who told me to drive to the bottom of West-street, and the prisoner returned part of the way, beckoned me down West-street, and desired me to drive to a house, which I did—he was assisted by somebody into the passage of the house with the desk and case—he then came out again with them, got into the cab again, and told me to take him to Artillery-place or lane—as we were going up Worship-street, having suspicions, I desired an officer to see whether all was right, and the prisoner was taken into custody—I went to the police court with him and the officer.





GEORGE HORNER
 (polioe-constable N 229.) On the 21st of October, about twelve o'clock in the day, I was at the door of Worship-street police court, and saw Saunders drive up with his cab—in consequence of what be said I opened the window of the cab and asked the prisoner where he brought the property from—he had this case and desk with him in the cab—he said he brought them from Oxford-street—I asked him where he was going to take them to—he said to Artillery-lane—Roland then came up and the prisoner was taken into custody—Roland asked him where he brought them from—he said from Oxford-street, that they were given to him by a man whom he did not know.





WILLIAM ROLAND
 (police-constable H120.) I saw the cab in Worship-street and went up to it—I saw the prisoner sitting in the cab and knew him—he had these two cases—Saunders said to me, "Do you think it is right"—I said "No, I am sure it is not"—I opened the cab door and asked the prisoner where he was going with these boxes—he said to a Mr. Simmonds, in Artillery-lane—I asked him where he brought them from—he said, "From Oxford-street, a stranger gave them to me whom I know nothing about"—I then took him into custody—I found a small pocket-book on him containing some hair and a letter, which has since bee a identified by Mr. Hicks—I have made inquiry in Artillery-place, and there is no Mr. Simmons there.





ROBERT HICKS

re-examined. This desk and case are mine, and are worth 7l.—this letter is my own hand writing—I know no Mr. Simmons, of Artillery-place.




GUILTY.—Of Larceny.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Ershine.

