




975. 




FREDERICK WILLIAMSON
 was again indicted with 



BENJAMIN FROUD



 for forging an order for payment of 17l 6s, with intent to defraud 



John Brooks.






CHRISTOPHER MARSH.
—I am managing clerk to John Brooks, of Commercial-wharf, Lambeth. On the 27th Feb. the prisoners came and purchased some deals—Williamson, who was the purchaser, tendered me a check on Ransom's bank for 37l, and wanted the charge out of it, which I refused, not knowing him—I wished him to give me another check for 17l 6s, which was the amount of the purchase he had made—he said he had no printed check—I asked him to do it on blank paper—he wrote one for 17l 6s, 6s,

which I produce—it is signed "James E. Green"—I wished him not to cross it, but he did do it—he then said I ought to give his man the discount, meaning the prisoner Froud—I said when the check was paid, any they came for the goods, I would give him the discount—Froud afterwards came and asked for the discount.





ROBERT FLETCHER.
 I am in the employ of Charles Baron, a winemerchant in Pall-mall. On 27th Feb. I received a check—I took it to Ransom's—the clerk went to the book, came back to me, and wrote on the check "no account," and returned it to me—I returned it to Mr. Marsh.





THOMAS JACKSON.
 I am a clerk at Ransom's bank—I did not see this check when it was presented—this "no account" is written by one of our clerks—we never had an account in the name of James E. Green—I never saw either of the prisoners before.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Have you no customer named "James E. Green"? A. No; not spelt in that way—we have a customer named "Green," but not spelt as this is.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (police-constable F 62.) On 12th March I apprehended Froud at Mr. Kinnear's counting-house, in Gerrard-street, Soho—I asked him if he knew a man named Catten (meaning Williamson), he said he did not—I said, "He is a builder and house-decorator, living at Brompton"—he considered a minute or two, and said he did not—I said, "Why, you have been painting some houses together I believe"—he said, "No; he had never done any business with him in his life"—I asked him when he saw Mr. Catten last—he said, 'About a week or four or five days ago; he thought it was Tuesday night—I said I suspected he was the man who had been in company with Catten, and uttered a forged check to a person in the Belvidere-road, at the foot of Waterloo-bridge, and asked him to go with me—he asked why—I said I was an officer, and he went with me—on the way, I said Catten had given the name of Williamson—he asked if I had a warrant—I said I had not, as Williamson was already in custody—I said "I suppose you know who I mean by Williamson? he is in custody," he gave that name—he said, "so I understand"—I took him to Mr. Brooks, and Marsh identified him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Froud is a carpenter, I believe? A. Yes.





THOMAS EWER.
 I have known the prisoner, John Alfred Catten, now called "Williamson." for six years—he lived at No. 4, Hill-street—he has gone by no other name for six years.





ELIZABETH OAKHAM.
 I have known Williamson a month—he lived in Green-street for the last month—his name is Catten.





CHARLES MARSH

re-examined. When Williamson drew the check, Froud was in the counting-house—he heard what passed, and saw the check, but would not have the opportunity of seeing what name he signed—the other check was drawn in the same name.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Was not Froud in the yard, looking at the timber? A. Not at that time—I brought back the check, and said, "Is your name J. E. Green?"—Williamson said, "Yes"—Froud heard that.

WILLIAMSON—


GUILTY. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.


FROUD—


NOT GUILTY.

