



580. 




WILLIAM CLIFFORD
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 tobacco-box, value 1s.; 2 half-crowns, 4 shillings, 3 pence, and 6 halfpence, the property of 



William Farrar Copestake, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN ROGERS
. I am a widow, and live in Isabella-place, Black-friars. On the 15th of Jan. I met the prosecutor in Blackfriars-road and went into a public-house with him—we had been to a coffee-shop first and then went to the public-house, and had part of four half-quarterns of brandy—he got rather the worse for liquor, and I led him away from the bar, as there were so many coming in and out—he fell down on the pavement, and his hat fell off—the prisoner came up to him and I thought he was going to pick him up—instead of that I saw him put his hand into his right-hand pocket and take some money out—he left him lying there and went off—I called "Police!" and another female said "Stop thief!"—I ran after him and the policeman stopped him half-way down the next street—he struggled with the policeman, and I heard some money fall as the prisoner was given in custody—I saw a half-crown and several shillings with the prosecutor before he came out of the public-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY
Q. Do you know the female who

called out? A. I cannot say that I do—I said, "Police!"—the prisoner said, "Don't call Police"—I did not ask the prosecutor to go into the public-house—he asked the policeman where there was a public-house open—he was standing at a coffee-stall when I first saw him—he and I had a cup of coffee each—he said he wished for a glass of something to drink—I do not know how much he drank—there were a number of persons in front of the bar—he said he lost gold, but I did not see it—I went out of the house with him, and I had hold of his arm, trying to lead him out from the crowd of people—he was not going home with me—he said he had a wife—he fell down, but whether he fell over the curb at the door, or was shoved with the crowd of people, I cannot tell—there was no one about where he fell but him and me—I was left a widow with three children, and get my living the best way I can.





WILLIAM FARRAR COPESTAKE
. I am a printer. I remember being with Rogers on that morning, and going into a public-house in Westminster-road—I had then two sovereigns, two half-crowns, some shillings, and some coppers—some part of it was in a tobacco-box—I had no money; that I know of, in my waistcoat pocket, but I do sometimes put money in another pocket—when I came to myself I had only 8 1/2d. left.

Cross-examined. Q. You complained of the loss of your sovereigns before the Magistrate? A. I said I had lost some money, and I believed there was gold—I had seen my gold safe about two o'clock when I was in Holborn—I cannot say whether it was in my right-hand trowsers pocket, with some silver—I recollect drinking at a coffee-stall—I do not recollect whether Rogers asked me for something to drink—I went to several public-houses and they were shut—a policeman told me that Leadbitter's was open.





DENNIS DONOVAN
 (police-constable L 71.) About a quarter-past four o'clock that morning I heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—I stopped the prisoner and took him to the station—in going along I saw him rumbling with his hands from one pocket to another, and some money fell—I took one of his hands, and found a half-crown in his fist—I called Pegrem with a lamp, and told him to look for some money which fell—the prisoner resisted very much, and was running very hard when I stopped him.

Cross-examined. Q. He was searched, and no money found on him? A. Yes.





DAVID PEGREM
 (police-constable L 161.) I saw the prisoner in the custody of Donovan—he was trying to get from him—I saw the prisoner throw something from his left hand—it sounded like money—I heard one piece of money fall on the pavement.

Cross-examined. Q. The pavement and the road were searched, and only one penny fonnd? A. Yes.





RICHARD GREEN
 (police-constable L 182.) I went to the Westminster-road when it was daylight—I found this tobacco-box near the saloon in the Upper Marsh.





DENNIS DONOVAN

re-examined. That is just where the struggle with the prisoner was.

Prisoner's Defence. I had a sister lying dead, and was making haste home to my brother; I told the policeman I had a half-crown and a shilling; the penny he knocked out of my hand.






WILLIAM MILLERMAN
 (police-constable B 95.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted 17th June, 2 Vict., transported for Seven Years)—the prisoner is the man—he has been convicted since, and had three months.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.


ADJOURNED TO THE 3RD OF MARCH, 1845.
