



849. 




THOMAS NEWMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of February, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 half-crown, 13 shillings, 19 sixpences, 2 groats, 2 pence, and 2 halfpence; the property of 



James Leather, from the person of 



Mary Leather.






MARY LEATHER
. I live at Cranford, and am the wife of James Leather. The prisoner and his mother came to our house, on the 17th of February, and had a pint of ale—they were there about an hour—while they were there I had occasion to give change for sixpence—I pulled out my purse, and put the sixpence in it—I returned the purse into my pocket—I had a half-crown in my purse, and some shillings and sixpences, upwards of 25s. in all—the prisoner had first sat on my left-hand, and then he removed to my right-hand side, which brought him next to my pocket—I had a child in my lap, and noticed the prisoner several times to lay his head against my pocket—he and his mother afterwards went away, and when they had been gone half-an-hour I missed my purse—I went to the prisoner's house, and asked if he had seen my purse and money—he said he had not—his father made him get out of bed and bring his clothes down, and they were searched—he declared he had never seen the purse—my son, who was with me, heard some money rattle as the prisoner was getting out of bed, his father then desired that the policeman might be sent for, and he found the purse and money between the mattress and the bed, on which the prisoner had lain—this is my purse—(examining it.)





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am a policeman. I went to the prisoner's father's house—I searched the prisoner and his clothes—I found this purse between the bed and the mattress—it contained the money stated in the indictment—here is twenty-six shillings and one penny—the prisoner denied knowing any thing of it till I found it, and then he said he picked it up.

Prisoner. I was coming out of the door and kicked against the parse.




GUILTY
. Aged 10.—


Transported for Ten Years.—Isle of Wight.


Sixth Jury, Before Mr. Sergeant Arabia.

