




1985. 




ALFRED DUCKETT
 and 




GEORGE BRITTON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of Oct., at 
St. Marylebone,—tea-pot, value 14l.;19 spoons, 11l.; 18 forks, 12l. 1 milk-pot, 5l.; I fish-slice, 3l.; 2 sauce-ladles, 2l.,: and 1 basket, 1s., the goods of 



Edward Ellis, in his dwelling-house, and that Britton had been before convicted of felony.


MR. MELLOR
conducted the prosecution.






MARY ANN DRISCOLL
. I am servant to Mr. Edward Ellis, of No. 10 Mel bury-terrace, Ebury-square. On the morning of the 4th of Oct., after nine o'clock, I saw my master's plate on the dresser in the front kitchen, in a flat basket—I missed it about half-past twelve o'clock—it consisted of the articles named in the indictment.





THOMAS SPITT
. I am servant to Miss Whitelock, of Harewood-square. On Saturday morning, the 4th of Oct., about eleven o'clock, or a little after, I saw the prisoner Duckett coming out of the steps of No. 10, Melbury-terrace, with a plate-basket in his hand—a man passed by me as I came by the step—it was Britton—I saw him pass me, and just about No. 11, I saw Duckett join him—they walked towards Blandford-square.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where were you? A. Standingon the area-steps of No. 8—No. 10 is two doors above—I did not see what the basket contained—I could see it was a plate-basket, but I saw no plate—I am quite sure they are the men.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you not say before the Magistrate, you believed it was Britton? A. I do believe it—I said I was positive it was him—(The witness's deposition being read, stated, "Another man, who I believe to be the other prisoner, passed me ")—what I have said "I

believe is perfect truth—had I not believed it I should not have sworn to him—I could not be sure if I did not believe.

COURT. Q. Look at that basket, was the one Duckett had like that? A. That is the basket which he had in his left hand—he pulled the gate open with his right hand.





DANIEL CALLAHAN
. I am a labourer, and live in York-court. I work for Mr. Blane, in Blandford-street—on the morning of 4th Oct. I saw Duckett coming out of No. 24, Blandford-square area steps, as I came out of No. 23—No. 24 is an uninhabited house—he had a red silk handkerchief with something about the size of half-a-quartern loaf in it—he looked at me, and I at him—I saw Britton at No. 27, three doors on, as if he was on the lookout—when Duckett came on the pavement, he shook his bundle, and shifted it from one hand to the other—he smiled at me, and I looked at him—he walked away, looked back again, and Britton came out of No. 27—I looked at them both, being strangers to me, to see if they were two paper-hangers, and whether they went into the next public-house, it being about dinner-time, but they passed the public-house, and turned to the right, down to Boston-street—I saw them go away together—I heard of the robbery alter dinner—I found this basket down in the vault in the front area of No. 24, which Duckett had left.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How long have you worked for Mr. Blane? A. Five years—he is a master-builder, and carries on his business in Harewood and Blandford-squares—I went before the Magistrate when first the prisoners were taken, and gave evidence—it was on the Wednesday following the Saturday on which I saw them—I then saw Duckett in custody at the station—I knew him momentarily—they had told me they had a prisoner.

COURT. Q. Have you any doubt of his being the man? A. No, and Britton is the other.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. They are strangers to you? A. I never saw them before—I did not go to a public-house and see Britton there, and say he was not there—I never went only the night I went over the water, and saw him talking to a female opposite a public-house—I looked at him and said he was the man—he was not taken then.





JAMES MOVER
. I am a butcher, and live in New-street, Dorset-square. I serve Mr. Ellis's family with meat—on Friday, the day before the robbery, my attention was drawn by seeing a man trying Mr. Ellis's area gate, to see if it was open—it was neither of the prisoners—I had seen Duckett on the Thursday and Friday before that, standing about there.





RICHARD BOURKE
 (police-constable D 70.) On Saturday, the 4th of Oct., Callahan called my attention—I went with him to the area of No. 24, Blandford-square, and found this basket.

MR. PAYNE
called—





JOHN UTLEY
. I am a tailor, and live at No. 3, Little St. Thomas Apostle, Queen-street, Cheapside. I do business for myself. I know the prisoner Britton as a customer—on Saturday, the 4th of Oct., he came to my house about ten o'clock in the morning for a pair of trowsers—I had not finished them—he remained till nearly one, till they were finished—he then went away with them.

MR. MELLOR. Q. Have you a shop there? A. No, nor my name at the door—I have apartments—Mr. Samuels is the landlord—he lives there—I have lived there six weeks—before that I lived at No. 6, Fish-street-hill, Thames-street, for two years—I carried on business there—I had no

name up—Mrs. Pheasant kept a chandler's shop next door to me—I have known Britton since about three weeks before last Christmas—I work for him—he came to me about three weeks before last Christmas, and ordered a blue frock coat, and said he was recommended by Mr. Anthony Pugh, a customer of mine, whom I have worked for the last six years—I am married and live with my family—I work for Mr. Clements, of Thavies-inn—if I am slack I fill up my time with my brother, who is a shop-keeper in Little Carter-lane, Doctors'-Commons—I have worked for several years for Mr. Hoby, the fringe-maker, in Skinner-street—I made him a waistcoat about two months ago—I have worked for Lewis and Bedwell three months ago—I have worked for my brother the last month, and he would employ me altogether, if I liked; but my customers pay me better—I have fifty or sixty customers; no chance ones—I work for Mr. Pheasant, of Fish-street-hill, and his son; for Mr. Burman, of Little Carter-lane; Mr. Cooper, of the King's Arms, Queenhithe; and Mr. Jones, of High-street, Poplar—I do not know the number—they are friends of my father-in-law—I do not keep books—I cannot write—I made Mr. Clements a coat about two months ago, and I made Mr. Pheasant a coat about two months ago—I made Mr. Burman a pair of trousers two or three days ago—I do not know his number—I know the house—in fact, I do not know my brother's number, though I have been there some thousands of times—I did not know Britton was charged with this robbery before the Magistrate—his father came to me last Monday fortnight, and asked what time he had left my house on the Saturday before—I told him he had come for his trowsers about ten o'clock, and remained until I had finished them nearly all—the father said he should take it down in writing, and requested me to attend here—I was not asked to go before the Magistrate—I did not know where Britton lived—no one saw him when he came for the trowsers, but myself and my wife and two children—he gave me the order for them on the Thursday—he came and was measured at my place—there are about ten other lodgers in the house—I am not aware that anybody saw him but myself—no one was at home when he called to order the trousers, nor when he came to take them away.





DANIEL FREEMAN

police-constable. I produce a certificate of Britton's former conviction—(read—Convicted 23rd May, 5th Vict., and confined six months, and whipped)—I am quite sure he is the man.

DUCKETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Nine Months.


BRITTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

