



1963. 




WILLIAM BRITTON. alias
 John Hughes,

 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of July, 10 cigars, value 10d., the goods of 



Richard Alexander Stow; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH STOW
. I am the wife of Richard Alexander Stow, who keeps a cigar shop in Barbican. About a quarter before three o'clock in the after-noon of the 24th of July, the prisoner, with two others, came into the shop—they purchased one pennyworth of tobacco—there was a contention which should make use of it—I turned my back, and the prisoner lifted up the lid of a box, took some cigars out, and put them into his pocket—I turned, and asked him to take them from his pocket, which he did, and said, did I mean to say they belonged to me?—I said, yes, I did, as I saw him take them—he said, "I know the lady will forgive me, as I took them through dis-tress"—I called ray husband, who was in the parlour—he came out and took hold of him—he sent for a policeman—the other two had left previous to the prisoner's taking the cigars.

Prisoner. Q. Do you mean to say you saw me take them? A. Certainly I do—I could not swear to the cigars.





RICHARD ALEXANDER STOW
. I keep this shop. About a quarter before three o'clock, on the 24th of July, I was sitting in my parlour—the prisoner and two others came into the shop—I heard the lid of the cigar case lifted up as my wife was coming into the parlour—I heard her accuse some one of taking some cigars—I went into the shop, and saw the prisoner—he said, "Do you mean to say these are yours?"—she said, "Yes,

I saw you take them"—I said, "This is not the first time; I shall make an example of you"—he said, "Don't be so hard, I am a poor lad"—the prisoner made a desperate struggle to get away, and threw the officer on the ground—it was as much as we could do to take him—I believe they were my cigars—I had been to the case a short time before.





JOHN BALL
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
