



1608. 




ANN PHILLIPS
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, of a certain evil-disposed person, on the 
7th of April, 1 pair of watch cases, value 1l.: the goods of 



George Mackie, and another, knowing them to be stolen.—2nd COUNT, calling it 2 ounces of silver, value 1l.






GEORGE MACKIE
. I live in the City-road, and am a watch and clock maker—I have one partner. On the 2nd of March I left a brown paper parcel wrapped up on my work board, which contained two pairs of silver watch cases—I was absent from my shop about an hour, and when I returned the parcel was missing—one pair of the watch cases are here now in fragments—here is enough for me to identify it—I have compared it with the movements which I have here with me—they correspond exactly—I have no doubt of it.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you leave any one in the shop? A. Yes, Harriet Gwatkins.





HARRIET GWATKINS
. I was left in charge of the shop—a young lad came in and asked for a knife—I had to turn my back to get what he wanted—no one else came in the shop during the time Mr. Mackie was out.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you miss any parcel? A. No.





JOHN WILLIAM FRYETT
. I am a pawnbroker. On the 4th of April, the prisoner came to me with this watch-case broken up as it is now—I asked her how she became possessed of it—she said it belonged to a cousin of her's—I asked her how it came to be in this condition—the said her cousin destroyed it in a drunken fit—the case appearing new I asked how long he had had it—she said five years—I knew her and let her go—I asked her address—she said No. 7, Osborn-place—she was to come for it the next morning, but she did not.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she not come the same evening, and say she could not find the person? A. She came, but not about this—she came to redeem a pledge, and merely repeated that she would come in the morning—Osborn-place is in Whitechapel-road—she never told roe that a woman had asked her to do this—it was on a Monday the prisoner came to me, and on the Wednesday I told the policeman about it, and he knew where to find her.





WILLIAM ARGENT
 (police-constable 126 H.) I went to the prisoner's house—I told her I came respecting some watch cases which she had offered to Mr. Fryett for sale—she said she knew nothing about them—I said she must go there with me, and just before we got there she said, "I will tell you the truth, I did."

Cross-examined. Q. Did she not say a woman she had done jobs for had sent her? A. She said that in the pawnbroker's shop, not before—I knew where to find her from the description—I did not go to her till Mr. Fryett gave me information about the prosecutor—I took her on the 30th of April? 


GUILTY
.* Aged 47.—


Transported for Seven Years.
