




319. 




GEORGE WILKINS
 and 



ROBERT DAVIS
 were indicted for

 stealing 3 sovereigns and 1 5l. bank-note; the monies of 




Edward Sharp.






EDWARD SHARP
. I am a seaman, and live in King David-street, Shadwell. I was in Fleet-street, the prisoner Wilkins came over to me, and said it was a fine morning—he said he was a stranger in London, and had come from the country, to receive some money for some apples and pears—he asked where I was going—I said to the Admiralty—he said, "I never saw the Admiralty; I should like to take a walk with you"—he pointed to Temple-bar, and asked what church it was—I said it was no church, it was what we called Templebar—he walked with me to the Admiralty—I said I was going in to ask a

few questions—he said, "I will wait here for you, and we will go and have a pint of beer, or half-and-half"—(I was going to try to get into Greenwich hos-pital)—when I came out, he was waiting outside—he said, "We will go and have a pint of beer together"—I said, "I am agreeable"—he took me down to the Strand, to a public-house down an alley, which I did not know—we sat down, and in came Davis, who said to me, "I presume you are a seafaring man"—I said, "Yes; I have been long enough at it; fifty-two years"—he said, "I have just come from America myself; when I was seventeen, my father died, and left me 700l., and my uncle did me out of it; I was seventeen or eighteen years with a man, and my old colleague died, and left me 14, 000l."—he said he had come from Liverpool to London, he was a stranger, and should like to see the Tower—he drank a pint of beer, and then took wilkins and me in the steam-boat to London-bridge—he went along Tower-street to a public-house, up some steps—we all three went in—it was then about one o'clock—Davis then said he would lend me 40l. or 50l.—I said I would not have it; I could not return it—he then said he would give me 5l.—he took out a bag with sovereigns in it, and a pocket-book full of notes—he said there was 14, 000l.—he then asked what money I could show, and told Wilkins to go home with me, to see what money I could muster—I was to bring my money—I went home and fetched a 5l. note and three sovereigns, in a tobacco-box—I took that to the public-house—Davis then asked Wilkins what money I had brought with me—Wilkins said 8l.—Davis then would not give me the 5l. there—he took me to a house at the corner of Pres-cot-street, and there he said he would give me the 5l.—he had got six bags, with strings to them, which he said he got for 6d.—he said to Wilkins, "Here is a bag for you to remember me, put your own money in this bag, and I will pot another 5l. note in it"—he put a 5l. note in the bag first—then he said to me, "Here is a bag for you; take your own money out of your pouch and put it in here"—I took the 5l. note and the three sovereigns, and put in, and then he said, "Now here is a remembrance for yon; here is another 5l. note"—he put it in the bag, and said, "Now I will shove it in your pocket for you," which he did—he then said, "We shall stop here, you run home with your money first, and then we will go to the Tower"—I went out, but I did not get far before I looked to see if the note was good, and I found only three farthings in the bag—I went back to the public-bouse, and the prisoners were gone—I was then foolish enough to go down to the Tower—they were not there—I did not examine the bag to see if the notes were in it till I got to Tower-street—I then found there were only two papers in it—my own 5l. note was gone and my three sovereigns—I can take my oath the prisoners are the two men.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What day of the month was this? A. I do not know—it was on a Thursday—I do not know when I saw either of the prisoners again—I dare say it was seven weeks afterwards—I then saw Wilkins in the Giltspur-street compter—I was in the prisoners' company from half-past ten o'clock till near three—the man who was with Wilkins was a short man—I have no doubt of that—I described them before I saw them again.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. How long had you been on shore? A. Thirteen weeks—I was paid off at Leghorn and came home in another ship—I received 12l. altogether—I had not drunk any thing that morning till Wilkins gave me the pint of half-and-half—I never saw him before to my knowledge—I had not been above half an hour with Wilkins before I saw Davis—I went home to get my tobaeco pouch at No. 7, King David-street, where I have

loged twenty-two years—there is no one here who saw the money in my posssssion.





THOMAS MAJOR
. I keep the Royal Standard in Whitechapel. Some weeks ago the prisoner Wilkins came into my house—he pasted the bar, opened the parlour-door, and looked in—he then passed the bar back again, and said to some person outside, "We may as well come in here; we can gel at good a drop of ale here as any where"—Sharp and a shorter man then came in, and they all three went into the parlour—I went in directly after and said, "Gentlemen, what can I help you to?"—Wilkins ordered three glasses of the best ale—it was taken in and the door shut—when they had been there about ten minutes, Sharp went out and the other two went in two or three minutes after—I knew no more for about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, when Sharp came back in a confused state—he opened the parlour-door and said, "Are these men gone?"—I said, "Yes, they went directly after you; is any thing the matter?"—"Matter enough," says he—he took out a bag and shook it on the counter—there were two pieces of paper and three farthings in it.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Had you known Wilkins before? A. No.

COURT. Q. Have you any doubt that Wilkins is the same man? A. None—I doubt whether Davis was the other man; for when I went into the parlour he was looking down as though he were looking for something under the table.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You neither noticed his features nor his height? A. Not particularly; I saw he was shorter than the other, when they went out.





GEORGE HANN
 (City police-constable, No. 205.) On the 21st of Nov., I saw the two prisoners together in Aldersgate-street—they were talking—I saw them go and put two top-coats on in a passage—I took them into custody—I found on Wilkins 5s. 0 1/2 d. in money, and these four bags—I afterwards want to Giltspur-street with Sharp—there were about twelve men together in the yard there—I did not direct Sharp as to the persons he should charge—I did not go in the yard—Sharp went in and the turnkey with him—Sharp pointed out Wilkins and another man named Wigley, who was six feet high—I did not say any thing to induce him to alter his opinion; but when the two prisoners got out of the cab at Guildhall I saw him point to Davis and he said that was the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Who was in the cab with Davis? A. I and Wilkins, no one else—Sharp went to the Court for the purpose of giving evidence against these parties—I do not know that he knew they were to be brought in a cab—he knew I was to bring them—I took the two prisoners, and then, for the first time, he pointed out Davis as being one, there being no other person there.





EDWARD SHARP

re-examined. The bag I had was like one of thess—I burnt mine with the papers.





THOMAS WOODROFFE
 (Inspector of the City police.) I was at the station-house on the 21st of November—Davis was searched in my presence—this pocket-book was found on him with some flash notes in it, and four gilt-pieces of coin, with the King of Hanover on them.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






GEORGE EVANS
. I am turnkey of Giltspur-street Compter—I was present when Sharp attended to identify some persons—the two prisoners were there, and a man named Wigley—when Sharp went in Wilkins was nearest

to the door—he touched him on the breast and said, "This if the man that had my money"—Davis was about three or four persons from him—there were about nine persons there, and they were all standing up in the yard, so that Sharp had a full opportunity of seeing their height—I cannot say whether he passed by Davis, but he went to Wigley and said, "This man looks like the other, but he don't look so well as he did when he had the money"—I requested him to look again and be certain—he said again, "He looks like him, but he don't look so fat, and don't look no well"—he did not express any doubt about his height—I suppose Wigley was a foot taller than Davis, and there was no similarity between them.

WILKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.


DAVIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
