



1769. 




CHARLES EDINBOROUGH
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Robert Grace, on the 
3rd of June, at 
Paddington, and stealing therein 2 shawls, value 4l. 15s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; and 1 jacket, value 1s.; his property.






MARY BOOTE
. I am servant to Captain Robert Grace, of Connaught terrace, in the parish of Paddington. On the evening of the 3rd of June, about a quarter past five o'clock, I was in the drawing-room with my mistress—my master was in the front parlour, and nobody else in the

house—I heard the street-door open, went down, and saw it standing wide open—I had shut it a little after three o'clock myself—it was never opened after that—I had seen it shut about three minutes before, in the state I had left it at three o'clock—I went into the back parlour, and saw the prisoner with some things tied up in a handkerchief—the things had been in a chest of drawers, in the back parlour, a few minutes before—I had put them there—the drawers were open—I laid hold of him, and he put them back into the drawer while I held him—I called for assistance—master and mistress came and took hold of him—I went to the door, and called a policeman, who came and took him—I took the things to the station, which are here, and are master's—they are the articles specified in the indictment—the handkerchief does not belong to my master—it is his dwelling-house—the door was fastened by a latch, in the ordinary way—any square key would lift it up.





GEORGE HOLLOWAY
. I am a policeman. I was called into the house by Boote, and took the prisoner—he said the door was open—I took him to the station.

Prisoner's Defence, written. "I was in search of employment, and had to pass the prosecutor's house; a female called me in, and asked if I had anything to do, and asked me to carry a box for her; she was standing at the house; she took me to the back room, went to a chest of drawers, removed some things, and told me to remain where I was, and she would not be long. In about five minutes another female came into the passage, and called out 'Thieves.' I said I was no thief, and if she thought I had come with a dishonest intent, she had better tend for the police; had I been dishonest I should not have allowed a female and an infirm gentleman to capture me."




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—



Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

