



505. 




MARY SULLIVAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of December, 1 purse, value 6d. 1 pocket-book, value 6d. 13 sovereigns, 8 shillings, 4 sixpences, and 1 order for the payment of 4l. the property of 



William M'Cutcheon.






WILLIAM M'CUTCHEON
. I am a mariner. On Sunday night, the 27th of December, I met the prisoner in Twine-court, Shadwell—she took me by the hand and led me to her room—I sent for a pot of beer, and then for some gin, and while she was gone I counted my money, and put it into my trowsers' pocket—I had thirteen sovereigns and some loose silver—I had a pocket-book, and a 4l. advance-note in it—when the gin came, we were about an hour sitting by the fire and drinking—she then said we must go to bed—I saw the room-door bolted—I put my trowsers under my pillow under my head—she said, "What do you do so for? don't be afraid, nobody ever comes here"—I said, "I always do"—she then said, "You must spread your coat over the bed"—which I did—my pocket-book was in my coat-pocket—about twelve o'clock I heard the prisoner shut the door—I awoke up as soon as I heard it, and found my trowsers were partly drawn from under the pillow—I put them on as quick as I could, and found the money was gone from them—I put my coat on, and my pocket-book was gone from it—I am sure the door was bolted at night.





ANN ROBINSON
. I keep Nos. 1 and 2, in Twine-court. On the evening of the 27th of December, the prosecutor brought another female to the house first—he sent out for gin and tobacco—he then went out, and about eight o'clock the prisoner came and said she would take the prosecutor home with her, and if she got a few shillings she would spend them in the morning—she took him home—she came to me again for a pot of porter, she then came in again—about twelve I heard her go past the door

very quickly—I know her footsteps, and to the best of my knowledge it was her—she did not return—I did not see her again till the following Saturday.





WILLIAM LEE
 (police-constable K 268.) I was looking after the prisoner from that Sunday till the following Saturday, when I took her in Ratcliffe-highway—I told her I wanted her for robbing a man of thirteen sovereigns—she said, "Would you like me to tell you all about it?"—I said, "Do as you like"—I took her to the station—there was only 1d. found on her.

Prisoner's Defence. They bundled him out with two women, he came and asked me to get the mud off hit clothes—he then said, "Let me stay here, and I will pay you for my bed"—he sent me out for a pot of beer, a quartern of gin, some bread and cheese, and then I went out, met a friend, and staid drinking till morning—I did not see any of his money at all.




GUILTY
.* Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
