




1552. 




GEORGE WILLIAMS
 and 




MARY MANNELL
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of April, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, 2 scarfs, value 8s. 10d.; 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 gown, value 2s.; 6 towels, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 7s.; 2 waistcoats, value 15s.; and 2 capes, value 8s.; the goods of 



James James, in his dwelling-house.






ANN BALL
. I am servant to James James, of No. 60, Hatton Garden, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. On Friday, the 29th of April, between twelve and one o'clock, I was in the kitchen, and heard somebody in the passage—I went up and found the middle-door, between the passage and the street-door, open—it is opened with a latch-key—I had seen it shut ten minutes before—a person getting through that door could go to the back-parlour—I found the back-parlour door open, and a trunk there was open, which I had seen shut about ten minutes before—I gave information

master and mistress—I went to the street-door and saw the witness Ayton there with a gig—he gave me information.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What is your master's name? A. James James—he has no other name—I had been up stairs ten minutes before, and saw the middle-door—I had not shut it myself—it shuts with a latch—if you push it it will catch of itself—there is a knob inside to open it by, but not outside—when I saw it shut, I did not try to see if it was fast—it was pushed fast by my mistress.





JAMES JAMES
. I live at No. 60, Hatton Garden, in the parish of St, Andrew, Holborn—I received information from Ball, went and looked into the chest in the back parlour, and missed two scarfs, a silk dress, (a black body coat which had hung up in the room,) a black silk waistcoat, and another waistcoat, and the other articles named, the whole worth about 10l.—the trunk was not locked.





CHARLES AYTON
. I am servant to George Hill, of Leather-lane. Between twelve and one o'clock I was sitting in master's gig, walking it up and down Hatton-garden, and saw the servant come out of the house—about half an hour before that I had been in Hatton-garden waiting for master with the gig, walking the horse up and down, and saw the two prisoners in Hatton-garden—I saw the female first, and in a few minutes the man came and spoke to her—they went together towards Hatton-wall—I saw them again, the female standing at the corner of Christopher-street—I was going towards Holborn, and saw the male prisoner go into No. 60, Hatton-garden—he staid there five or ten minutes—the woman was standing at the corner of Christopher-street all the time—the man came out in ten minutes with a large bundle over his shoulder, and a coat or cloak over his right arm—the woman went towards him—he went down Hatton-wall, and she after him—she was within five or six yards of him—I saw no more of them—Ann Ball came out of the house in about three minutes, and I told her what I had seen—I am sure of the persons of both the prisoners.

Cross-examined. Q. Quite sure of them? A. Yes—I turned my head behind to look for my master when I saw the man go in.

COURT. Q. You were present when they were taken up? A. Yes—I went with a policeman that day, and found them in a beer-shop in Tothill-street, together.





JOHN FREDERICK C
—. I am a policeman. I went with Ayton, and found the prisoners in a beer-shop in Tothill-street—he pointed them out—I asked the male prisoner how he was—he said, "You don't know me"—I said, "Perhaps I am mistaken"—I leaned over the bar to speak to the landlord, and during that time the female bolted out of the house—I seized hold of the male prisoner, dragged him out, and caught hold of the female in the street—she asked what I wanted of them—I said, "For felony"—she said she had never seen the male prisoner before—I searched the man at the station, and found a latch-key on him, which I tried to the middle passage-door—it opened it as if it had been made for it—the female searcher found four latch-keys and three duplicates on Mannell.





WILLIAM ROMAIN
. I am a policeman. I know the prisoners—I have known the male prisoner eighteen months, and have frequently seen the two together for the last six months—they live in one house together—nothing has been found.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.

MANNELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Ten Years.
