



2340. 




HENRY DOBSON



, stealing 2 brooches, 2 rings, 2 shirts, and; other articles, value 7l. 11s.; the goods of 



Henry John Clifford, in his dwelling-house.






HENRY JOHN CLIFFORD
. I keep the Crown, Stanhope-street, Clare-market, in the parish of St. Clement Danes—it is my dwelling-house—the prisoner occasionally lodged there—he had his victuals there—on Wednesday night, 20th Sept., about twelve o'clock my wife told me something—I went to my bed-room, and missed a box of jewellery from a drawer, also two waistcoats, six silk handkerchiefs, two shirts, and an apron; worth 7l.—these produced are a portion of them—the prisoner was there that day and evening—the prisoner slept there that night—I missed some of them before bedtime—these rings are mine.





MARY GARRETT
. I was in Mr. Clifford's service. I saw the prisoner is the bagatelle-room on the first-floor—I went to my master's room on the next floor, and heard a scuffling noise in one of the bed-rooms—I was in the dark—I got a light, and saw a man's foot under the bed in the spare room—I called out but got no answer—I went down to the bagatelle-room—the prisoner was not there—he was there five minutes before—I called a Mr. smith, we went up, but saw no one—there are two doors to the ioom, one was us-locked, and the other locked inside; the person under the bed could unlock it, and go down another flight of stairs which communicated with the aters—I went down again, and saw the prisoner in the bagatelle-room—I asked if he had been up stairs—he said, "No"—I saw something in his bosom, and asked what it was—he said his flannel shirt stuck out—I said it did not look

like a flannel shirt; then he said it was a piece of white cambric to make him a handkerchief—I asked to see it—he said I should not.





GEORGE SMITH
. I am in the service of Henry Ashman, a pawnbroker, of Long Acre. I produce a waistcoat and two rings, pledged on 20th. Sept. by a female in the name of Dobson, and a waistcoat by a male—these are the tickets I gave.





WILLIAM SAW
. I was in the service of Mr. Priest, a pawnbroker. I produce a silk handkerchief, pawned on the 21st of Sept. in the name of Johnson, I believe by the prisoner—this is the ticket I gave.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-sergeant, F). On 21st Sept I took the prisoner, and said he must consider himself in my custody, on suspicion of a robbery—he said he was innocent, and should not go—I took him—he tried to escape—part of his coat-tail came off in my band, and in the pocket I found these three tickets relating to this property.





SOPHIA NEALE
. The prisoner gave me these two rings, and asked me to pawn one for 3s.—I did so.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
