



1547. 




STEPHEN STEER



, stealing 1 sovereign; the money of 



Joseph Kalloway, his master: having been before convicted.






EMMA KALLOWAY
. I am the wife of Joseph Kalloway; we keep the Golden Fleece tavern, in Queen-street. The prisoner was our waiter—in consequence of suspicion I put four marked sovereigns in a bowl on 26th July—the prisoner soon after came into the room where I had placed them—I missed one of them—a sovereign has been found, which is one of those I marked.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where did you put the bowl? A. On the glass-shelf in the bar—there were three other persons who are in our employ, who were in the prisoner's dining-room, beside him—they could go to the bar if they liked, but it was not their business—I know they did not go there, for I watched—I could not see the bowl from where I was, but there was not any one went there but the prisoner—I saw him go there—the shelf is a little behind the chimney-piece—the prisoner went there, fetched away the dirty glasses, took them to his own room, washed them, and brought them back clean, and put them on the shelf—I did not leave all the time—there are two doors to the bar.





JOHN STOREY
 (City-policeman, 414). I went to the house, and took the prisoner—I found a marked sovereign, which had been removed from a bowl in the bar to the stove in the dining-room.





JOSEPH KALLOWAY
. About six o'clock that evening I saw the prisoner go from the bar to the stove in the dining-room.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him go to the stove? A. Yes; and saw him stand there—I kept my eye on him—the sovereign was found in about ten minutes—my other waiters had not an opportunity of going to the bar—they were in the dining-room, and could go to the stove—I was away with the prisoner about ten minutes—other persons might have put the sovereign there if they had had it.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-sergeant, F 7). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell (read—Convicted 11th Oct., 1847, confined three months)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

