



2700. 




BRIDGET MAHONEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of October, 1 purse, value 1s. 6d.; 1 sovereign, 1 crown, and 2 half-crowns; the property of 



William Hatswell, from his person.






WILLIAM HATS WELL
. I am a tailor, living in Queen-street, Golden-square. I was in St. Giles's between three and four o'clock in the morning of the 19th of October—I was sober—I am married—I fell in with the prisoner in St. Giles's, and went to a house with her—we did not go of stairs, but remained in the passage—I gave her 10 1/2 d., which I had in my waistcoat pocket—she then went out at the back of the premises, for a necessary purpose—I remained in the passage—the prisoner then went up stairs—I then had suspicion, and missed my purse, containing a sovereign, five shillings, and two half-crowns, which had been all safe in the purse in my coat-pocket two minutes before I went into the passage—I went out and got a policeman—we went to the house—the prisoner was then coming down stairs—the policeman went to the back of the house, where I bad seen the prisoner go, and found my purse in the yard of the next house.

Prisoner. You told me you had not a farthing but the small sum you gave me—I said you could get a room for 6d. Witness. I said I had no small change, but I would give her more when I came back—she wished me to go up stairs, but I did not, as I had been cautioned by the policeman to take care of my clothes, or I should be robbed.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 (police-constable E 61.) The prosecutor accused the prisoner of robbing him—I went to the house, which is in Buckeridge-street, St. Giles—I searched the prisoner, but found nothing—I found this purse at the corner of the adjoining yard—the prisoner could have thrown, it there over the wall.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor about three o'clock in the morning; he took a shilling out of his pocket, and paid 2d. for some porter; he said he was very short of money, and had no home; I took him to the house, and he said he would rather stop in the passage; he gave me 10 3/4 d., and said that was all he had got; I said I would go up stairs, I would not stay with him in the passage; I never went into the yard; I went up stairs, and when I came down he had got the officer; they searched the yard, and then went up stairs; he would have the yard searched again, and they found it; I never saw the purse nor money.





WILLIAM POCOCK

re-examined. There was 10 3/4 d., found on the prisoner, but no other money.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
