



1459. 




JAMES JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of April, at 


St. Pancras, 1 watch, value 14l.; 3 seals, 3l.; 2 rings, 12s.; 2 watch-keys, 1l. 15s.; 1 locket, 1l. 10s.; and 1 watch-case, 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Bosfield, in the dwelling-house of 



Barnet Slowman.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ESTHER COOPER
. I am in the service of Barnet Slowman, landlord of the house, No. 91, Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square—Elizabeth Bosfield occupies the first floor of the house. On the evening of the 19th of April, about half-past seven o'clock, I answered a knock at the door, and found the prisoner there—he asked for Miss Bosfield—I asked him to stand in the hall while I went up stairs to her, but he followed me up stairs to the room door—I went into the bed-room to Miss Bosfield, and fetched out a candlestick—I went through the drawing-room into the bed-room—I lighted the candle, put it on the table, and showed the prisoner into the room—Miss Bosfield's watch and appendages were in the room between the two candlesticks, and the watch-case underneath them—I then went in to Miss Bosfield, and before I could return out of the bed-room I heard him running down stairs—I ran down as quick as I could—he slammed the door after him—I could not overtake him—I never saw him afterwards till the 22nd of April, when he was at the police-court.

Q. When you fetched the candlestick from Miss Bosfield's room, where was the prisoner? A. Outside the door—I thought he was standing in the hall, but I found him on the landing up stairs—when I went in to get the candle I left him outside the door—nobody came into the house from the

time of my seeing the watch safe and his running down stairs, when it was missed—it was all done in two or three minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long have you been servant to Mr. Slowman? A. Rather better than four months—he keeps the house—two people reside there besides Miss Bosfield—private gentlemen do not come there very often—I had seen the prisoner only once before myself—I was examined before the Magistrate on the 22nd of April and the 4th of May—I think I did not state at the first examination that I saw the watch on the table—there is one other servant in the house—Mrs. Slowman lives in the house—they have no family.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You are not the servant who was directed not to let him in, from what had happened the day before? A. No—I am quite certain I saw the watch on the table when I lighted the candles.





ELIZABETH BOSFIELD
. I am single, and live at Mr. Slowman's. I have a friend who provides for me—I saw the prisoner first in Regent-street about three months ago—he came to my apartments for the first time about a week before this occurred—he came home with me—I met him in the street, and he asked where I lived—on the Tuesday I left him on the sofa in my sitting-room—I went out to speak to the servant, and on my return I found him in my bed-room, and he had just shut one of my drawers—I went and looked in the drawer, and missed four rings—he saw me looking, and then said he only merely took them for a joke—he had got them on his fore-finger—he returned them to me—I saw a bottle in his pocket, and asked what it was—he said it was a sample of port wine, that he was a wine-merchant—I asked him to let me smell it, and it was laudanam—I said I was very much frightened—he said, "I will show you something to frighten you more," and pulled out a brace of pistols—I was frightened, and ran out at the door—I at last got rid of him—I told the servant not to let him in any more—that was not Cooper—on the 19th of April I was dressing in my bed-room—I had just placed my watch and seals on the drawing-room table, between the two candlesticks—the candles at that time were not lighted—the servant came into the room for a light to light the candles, and before she could hardly return I heard the prisoner running down stairs—I went to the table directly—my watch, with three gold seals, two keys, a locket and case, were gone—there was no opportunity for any body to have taken them but the person who had gone into the room—I had seen them there within three or four minutes—on the 21st of April I was walking in Waterloo-place, and saw him—I said, "That is the man who stole my watch"—as soon as he saw me he ran away—a gentleman ran and stopped him—he was delivered to the police—it was a gold watch, worth about 22l.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he put all the rings on one finger? A. Yes, and had got into the front room with them—he told me he drank the contents of the bottle every night in his grog to make him sleep—he did not attempt to fire the pistols—he said he did not mean to do me any harm—I have not found my watch.





JAMES FENNELL
 (police-constable C 34.) On the 21st of April, about 11 o'clock at night, I took the prisoner from the gentleman who stopped him—I saw him running—he said he did not understand what he was taken for, he did not understand being led through the streets in that manner—he was searched at the station—I found in his left-hand coat-pocket two pistols loaded with powder and ball, and a percussion cap upon each—I found on him a silver watch and chain, some percussion caps, half a sovereign, and 11s.—he did not say why he was running away—there was a memorandum in a pocket-book, which he had.


Cross-examined. Q. What is the memorandum? A. I cannot find it now—the inspector made every inquiry about the prisoner—we could not find out anything of him, except that he came from Manchester—the inspector went there—there were three examinations after being adjourned, and inquiries made about the pistols—it was further remanded for a week, then fresh evidence taken from the servant.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. The property has never been found? A. No—inquiry has been made for it—the object of the postponement was to inquire about the memorandum and pistols—I heard the Magistrate ask him what he had to say, and saw the clerk take down what he said.

MR. WOOLF. I was present at the examination, and heard the Magistrate ask the prisoner what he had to say—I heard what he said, which was taken down by the clerk, and countersigned by the Magistrate—this is it—I know Mr. Long's handwriting—I have repeatedly seen him put his name to papers—(read)—"The prisoner says 'I have nothing to say.'"




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

