




366. 




WILLIAM GLEW
 and 




RICHARD HALE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
29th of November, 1 mare, price 7l., the property of 



Samuel Cox.






SAMUEL COX
. I am a baker, living at Waking, in Surrey. On Sunday, November the 29th, my son turned out my mare—I missed her on Monday.





JAMES COX
. On Sunday, the 29th of November, I turned out my father's mare into the west field, which is a common right—I went there about nine o'clock on Monday morning, and she was gone—on Tuesday a man gave information, in consequence of which I went to the police-station at Hounslow, and found the mare in Mr. Sabin's stables—I am certain it is my father's mare.





JAMES GEORGE SABIN
. I am a horse-dealer at Hounslow, About half-past ten o'clock on Monday morning, the 30th of November, I saw the two prisoners going along the road to Hounslow, with a mare—they came to the Coach and Horses public-house door, where I was, and had a pint of beer—I went to the door, and said, "That is just such a little nag as I should like to buy"—Glew said it was for sale—I asked him the price—Hale said he was going to have it killed—it did not quite look like a dog-horse—I walked with them down to my house, and had the mare taken into my yard—I asked Hale what he wanted for it, where he brought it from, and who it belonged to—he said he brought it from Mr. William Hall's, of Whiphill, I think, near Guildford, but that he had then come from a public-house just out of Hounslow—Hale said I was to give the money, and put down on a piece of paper what money I gave for the horse, so that he should take it home to a relation of his—I told him I would go along with him to the public-house he said he had brought it from—Glew walked off towards London—I put the mare into the stable—and Hale went towards where he said the public-house was—when we got within about five yards of the station, I told him we had better walk in there, and we could see about it—he said "No, I won't," and started off, and ran towards Kingston—I could not follow him, having the gout—I directly gave information to the police at the station—(I saw Hale in cuttody on Wednesday week, and knew him to be the man)—I gave Glew in charge the same day, about two hours after—he was coming by my door while I was giving the policeman a description of the mare—I walked out, and said, "That is one of the men, take him"—I said to him, "What have you done with your mate?"—he said he had not seen him—I asked if he had sold his little nag—he said he did not know, he had not seen him—I asked him if he was acquainted with Hale—he said no, he never saw him in his life, till he came up against that public-house, and asked him to have some beer—I am positive he is the man—I had never seen him before

—the police-sergeant took him into custody—the mare was claimed by ox on the Tuesday.





RICHARD GREEN
. I live at Feltham, about two miles and a half from Hounslow, towards Chertsey. On Monday, the 30th of November, I saw the two prisoners going along the road in company—Glew had the nag—I did not see Hales's face—they were going towards Hounslow—I noticed that it was a chestnut mare with a white face—I have since seen Cox's mare at the Pigeons at Brentford, and am certain it was the same—one of the policemen brought it from Hounslow.





ELIZABETH BARNES
. I keep a beer-shop at Feltham. On the 1st of December I recollect two persons coming with a horse, and having some beer—I know Glew to be one—I cannot say any thing to Hale—it was a chestnut-colour, with a white face—they said they had come from Chertsey, and were going to Hounslow—I went to Hounslow that morning, and passed them again just as they got to the Bell—the same two men were with the horse—they came to me between seven and eight o'clock', and left near ten.





JOSEPH CHITTY
. I am a constable of Woking—I apprehended Hale at Cox's on the 8th of December at Woking—I knew him before as a Woking man and a labourer—he came to Cox's that evening—I brought him to Hounslow to see whether Mr. Sabin would identify him—I delivered him to the sergeant—Sabin came and said he was the person who was with the other man—Hale denied it—he was taken before a Magistrate.





CHARLES JECKS
. I am a police-sergeant, of Hounslow. On Monday morning, the 30th of November, I was at Sabin's—I saw the horse, and took the description, and as I came out I saw Glew—Sabin said, "He is the man"—I apprehended him—Sabin asked what he had done with his mate, and he said he did not know him, he had never seen him before that morning, when he met him by the Coach and Horses, and he asked him to have a pint of beer, which he did, but he never set eyes on him before.





RICHARD MONK
. I live at Sand, near Woking. On Saturday, the 28th of November, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the two prisoners drinking together at the New Inn, at Sand, about a quarter of a mile from Woking—I knew Hale before, but not Glew—I was in the room where they were for about half an hour—I did not see them after.





JAMES COX

re-examined. When I went to Hounslow I left the mare till the Saturday following—I was at the Pigeons at Brentford, when Green saw the same mare.





SAMUEL COX

re-examined. Hale was at my house on Tuesday evening, the 8th of December, and I sent for a constable to take him on suspicion—he was not at my house at the time—the constable was there first, hut I had been informed he was coming to the house—he had promised to call at my house that evening—I had cause of suspicion, and told him to come—I have known him some years—Glew is quite a stranger to me.

Glew's Defence. It is false; I had no hand in it.

Hole's Defence. It is very false to say I took the horse; I was not along with it.

GLEW—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

HALE—


GUJLTY
. Aged 26.




Transported for Ten Years.
