



740. 




SARAH PRICE, alias
 Pugh,

 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of September, 1 harp, value 65l., the goods of 




Emily Chappell.


MR. LOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






ANDREW ROBERTS
. I am in the employ of Miss Emily Chappell, a musicseller, who lives in New Bond-street. On the 23rd of September, 1840, a man called and said that Mrs. Pugh, of No. 41, Curzon-street, May Fair, wished to hire a good harp—I went to the house to make inquiries—I saw Mrs. Mitchell, who told me she was the landlady—she said Mrs. Pugh was a lady of very large fortune, and she had a good reference with her from Mr. Squire's, a merchant, in the City—the harp was sent the same afternoon—on the 23rd of October the prisoner called, and said she came to pay for the month's hire of the harp, and asked me to make out a bill, which I did—I asked her name, and she said, "Mrs. Pugh, No. 41, Curzon-street"—she paid me two guineas for the month's hire, and said she wished to continue it at the same rate—I called at the house three months afterwards—the servant said the prisoner was gone into the country, but was expected shortly to return—I heard of Mr. Squire's, I think, in July, from Mrs. Mitchell, and I saw him—he is a merchant—apparently, he lived in Bucklersbury—he said he was the prisoner's agent,

and was going to send her 400l. that day—it appears he is her son—I have ascertained that her name is Price—the value of the harp was 65 guineas—I saw the prisoner afterwards at the Police-office—she said she had sent the harp on the day she hired it, to Mr. Luxmore, a pawnbroker, in St. Martin's-lane, and begged I would not prefer the charge against her, and she would get the harp returned, and pay for the hire—this is the harp—(looking at it.)





GEORGE ROWE
. I am assistant to Mr. William Edwards Luxmore, a pawnbroker. On the 23rd of September, 1840, I received this harp in pledge—I received a note from Mrs. Pugh, in Curzon-street—I went there to look at a harp—I saw the prisoner, and made an agreement with her to lend 20l. on this harp—she sent it by a servant, and I returned the money.





HENRY KIMBER
 (police-constable V 20.) I produce the duplicate of this harp, which was given me by the female searcher Woolgar, torn in pieces.





GEORGE ROWE

re-examined. This is the ticket I gave for the harp.





ANN WOOLGAR
. I am searcher at the police-station. I searched the prisoner on the 6th of January—I took from her this ticket relating to the harp—she tore it in pieces, and attempted to throw it into the fire—I said I must not have any thing destroyed.




GUILTY
. Aged 60.—

Transportcd for Seven Years.
