



406. 




JOHN STANSFIELD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of November, 1 shirt, value 4s.; and 1 pair of drawers, value 1s.; the goods of 




James M'Donald, Esq., his master.


MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES M'DONALD, ESQ
. The prisoner is the man who I understood to be the last prisoner's husband—he came to brush my boots and shoes, for which I paid him—when I missed the property in the last case, I went to the station—I saw the prisoner there, and the policeman produced a shirt and a pair of drawers to me, which were both mine—these now produced are them—I have lost more linen, which has not been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Can you tell when you had last seen that particular shirt? A. I cannot—the prisoner's wife was in my constant service—it was her business, as laundress, to attend to my chambers—she had charge of the linen, to get it washed—I had never given her any linen.

COURT. Q. Did the prisoner attend to your clothes at all? A. My drawers were kept in the clerk's room, and he could get at them, but this pair of drawers was taken out of a portmanteau, which was in the clerk's room, close to the room in which he cleaned the shoes.





RICHARD LAUNDRY
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner in charge in consequence of information, at No. 7, Little Essex-street—I searched him at the station, but took nothing from him myself.





WILLIAM COOK
. I am a policeman. I searched the prisoner on the 8th of December—he had been apprehended on the 4th—I went to him, and said, "John, I want to look at your stockings"—he pulled off his boots—I could not identify the stockings, and gave him them again—I then said, "I want to look at your drawers"—he said, "I have been searched already by a policeman and Mr. M'Donald"—I said, "I want to see your drawers, merely for my own curiosity"—he pulled down his trowsers, and I saw the drawers, marked "A. M."—I took them to the prosecutor, who identified them—the prisoner was then placed at the bar—I told the Magistrate that I believed the shirt the prisoner had on was the prosecutor's property—I took him into the yard, and took this shirt off his back.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say his wife gave them to him? A. At first he said he had none of Mr. M'Donald's property about him—he afterwards said the drawers had been given to his wife as old drawers by Mr. M'Donald, and she had given them to him—he said nothing about the shirt.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he say, in the prosecutor's presence, that his wife had received the drawers from him? A. He did not.

MR. M'DONALD
re-examined. The prisoner never thanked me for a pair of drawers given to him through his wife—the contents of the portmanteau had not been sent to the wash—I had lost the portmanteau, and recovered

it about three weeks ago—it was sent up to me from Liverpool before the prisoner was taken—it contained no linen—there were shirts in it, this very shirt, and several pairs of drawers—I had never given his wife any thing—this must have been taken since I returned to town—the prisoner was then in attendance from day to day.

MR. DOANE. Q. When you recovered the portmanteau, was the property in question in it? A. Yes, I am quite satisfied of that.




GUILTY
.† Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
