



1196. 




THOMAS TAYLOR
 was indicted

for steeling, on the 
23rd of October, 2 gallons of gold-size, value 1l.; 4lbs. weight of ivory-black, value 8s.; 6 quarts of turpentine, value 6s. 9d. 2 cans, value 3s.; and 7lbs. weight of white lead, value 1s. 9d.; the goods of 



Robert Furniss; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ROBERT FURNISS
. I am an oilman, living in Cumberland-row, St. Pancras. On the 23rd of October the prisoner came to my shop, and stated, that he wanted two gallons of gold-size, six quarts of turpentine, 7lbs. of white lead, and 4lbs. of ivory-black, for a Mr. Townsend, a coachmakers, at New-street-mews, Bermondsey-street, and if I could put them up and send my boy, the money should be returned for them, or the goods—I put up the things for him, they are articles used by coachmakers, and amounted to 1l 8s. 6d.—I sent my boy, George Waters, with them, and the prisoner accompanied him in the cart—I told the boy not to leave the goods without the money—I only knew Townsend by name—I had had no dealings with him—I had no intention to part with the goods to the prisoner in any way without receiving the money for them—he is a person without a home.

Prisoner. I wish the witnesses in both cases, to leave the Court. I maybe able to prove a conspiracy between the two prosecutors—did you alter the depositions after I left the Court at Marlborough-street? Witness. Certainly not—I did not give the 29th of October, instead of the 21st—cannot recollect putting up a parcel of quaker-green for you, with the other articles—On the 25th of October I received a letter from you

—I have not got it with me—I thought it of no value—it contained a statement that you had lost the money, and would pay me in the course of a week—you have dealt with me for some time—I cannot say how long—I have sent out goods with you two or three times a week, but only on the understanding that the money was to be sent back for them—I have no recollection of saying that I would bet any money that I and Wright would transport you—I will not swear whether I did or did not say so—I might have done so—I might have said, "If I meet with Taylor I will transport him," or something of that sort, but I cannot recollect—I charged you 7s. 6d. a gallon for the gold-size, 4s, 6d. a gallon for the turpentine, 3d. per lb. for the white lead, 6d for the ivory-black, and 3s. for the cans.





GEORGE WATERS
. I am now in the employ of Mr. Loveland, a butcher in Theobald's-road.—On the 23rd of October I was in the prosecutor's employ—on that day some articles were put into the cart to be taken by me and the prisoner—I knew him by sight by coming to my master's shop—we went together in the cart—he at first said he was going to Mr. Townsend's, but before we got there he said he was going somewhere else—be told me which way to drive—he did not tell me the party's name—I drove to Paddington—when we got there he told me to stop—I did so—he got some parcels out of the cart which had been put in at my master's and took them into a work-shop or counting-house—he came back again without the parcels—the others were in the cart—he then told me to drive to Mr. Townsend's—he told me to stop at New-street mews, Dorset-square—he took the cans and went into Mr. Townsend's with them—I staid at the top of the mews three quarters of an hour—he did not come back—I went round to the end of the mews near to Mr. Townsend's to see if I could see him—I saw him—he came back and asked me if I would have anything to drink—we went and had something to drink—I afterwards went back to the mews—he then said he should go down to Mr. Townsend's, he should not be a minute, Mr. Townsend had not come in—I waited there about half an hour—he did not come back—I went down to Mr. Townsend's to see if he was there, but could not find him—I next saw the prisoner on the 17th of January, in Greek-street, Soho—he said, "That was a pretty case that night, it was a bad job"—I said yes—he said he had paid Mr. Furniss three parts and he was going to work the other out.

Prisoner. Q. When we left Mr. Furniss did we go to New-street mews or Upper Park-place first? A. We did not go to Mr. Townsend's firs—as we were going to turn up to Mr. Townsend's you said you had some where else to go—I cannot say what the articles were that you delivered at the first places—there might have been one can, I cannot say—you took one to Mr. Townsend's—I cannot say whether you had one or two.

JURY. Q. Did you receive instructions from your master not to leave the goods without the money? A. Yes, I am certain of that.





GEORGE TOWNSEND
. I am a coach-maker, living in New-street mews, Dorset-square—I remember on a Saturday in October, the prisoner calling on me and leaving two gallons of gold size, which I had ordered of him before—I paid him 10s. a gallon, which I always paid him for it, and he went away.

Prisoner. Q. Did nothing besides gold size come on Saturday? a. Not on that occasion—I had had turpentine of you but not on that occasion—I know I paid you a sovereign when you brought the gold size, and I

had paid you some money before that morning—you brought one can, and I had another can of yours in my possession—I have no recollection of the turpentine and gold size coming together—I never booked anything I had of you, but paid you as you brought it.

Prisoner's Defence. Before you come to a conviction of my guilt, you must be convinced the case amounts to felony; it must be clearly shown that at the moment the transaction occurred I had some felonious intention of obtaining the goods from the party; if I had should I have written a letter on the Monday afterwards, stating I would pay him the money in the course of a week? I had the misfortune to lose a sovereign that Saturday night; I went to my sister's to get a sovereign; she happened to be out of town for ten days; and when I came back the boy was gone.

MR. FURNISS?
re-examined. The prisoner did not account to me for 1l, or has he paid me anything for these goods.





LOUIS ADOLPHUS DURIEN
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 47.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
