



2511. 




JOSEPH WILLIAM BERRY
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Berry, on the 
8th of September, at 
Camberwell, and stealing therein, 9 spoons, value 1l. 14s.; 1 pair of Sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 1 watch-guard, value 12s.; 1 watch, value 1l. 10s.; 4 shillings, and 1 farthing; the property of 



Thomas Marr; and that he had been before convicted of felony.







THOMAS MARR
. I live at No. 6, Grove-place, Kent-road, in the parish of Camberwell, in the house of Joseph Berry, the prisoner's father. The prisoner lived there—I came home to my dinner on the 8th of September, about a quarter-past twelve o'clock, and left about one, leaving my wife at home—I was fetched by the prisoner's mother, and found my door open, my drawers wrenched open, and missed the articles stated in the indictment—I found a chisel on the drawers—I could not observe any marks which the chisel bad made, but the drawers were rather broken.





MARY MARR
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I went out that afternoon with my children—I locked the bed-room and sitting-room, and took the key with me—the drawers were locked and safe then—I did not return till the evening.





MARY BERRY
. I am the wife of Joseph Berry, and live in Grove-place. The prisoner is my son—the prosecutor lodges in my house—on the afternoon of the 8th of September I happened to take up the prisoner's jacket, which he had hid in the corner of a bench, going out into the back-yard, and found in it half-a-dozen spoons, two German-silver salts, a mustard-spoon, a pair of sugar-tongs, four shillings, and a farthing—I asked him where he got them—he directly said he had broken open Mr. Marr's drawers—I locked the prisoner in the room till Mr. Marr came home, and then gave him in charge, and delivered the property up to Mr. Marr—we hunted for the watch, but did not find it till after he was gone—it was then found in a hat of my little boy's, which was hanging on a nail—the prisoner had not had his jacket on that day, as he had not been out—it had been hanging on the back of the dresser in the kitchen—he has been a very bad boy for the last six years.





JAMES ROACH
 (police-constable P 33.) I received charge of the prisoner and the property.





THOMAS MARR

re-examined. These are my property.





THOMAS BECK
 (police-constable P 189.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—I know the prisoner—I was present at his trial at the Newington Sessions, on the 6th of August last—he is the person mentioned in this certificate—(read.)




GUILTY
.** Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.
