



334. 




ANN GLAZE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of Dec, at 
St. George the Martyr, 1 purse, value 1s. to 56 Sovereigns, and 16 half-sovereigns; the property of 



Mary Wheatley, her mistress, in her dwelling-house.


MR. WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY WHEATLEY
. I live at No. 10, Herbert's-buildings, in the pariah of St. George's—I keep the house. On the 11th of Dec. the prisoner was in my employ as servant—I had 64l. in a chest under my bed in my bed-room, which is the back parlour—it was all in sovereigns and half-sovereigns—I think there were fifty sovereigns, and the rest half-sovereigns—I saw it safe at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon of the 1 lth of Dec.—the chest wai locked, and the key in my pocket—the prisoner had been in the habit of sleeping with me in that room, but never saw what the trunk contained—she has seen me put money there—I sent her up to the room from the kitchen shortly after half-past two o'clock, not ten or fifteen minutes after I had seen the money safe—I afterwards saw her in the room, feeding the fowls from the parlour window—I was in the yard—I told her to shut the window, to lock the door, and bring me the key—she did not come—I went down stairs to my work, and began to feel uneasy a little after three o'clock, as she did not come back—I went up to my box—I found it locked—I opened it, and found my money was all gone—it was in a blue purse, knitted, with steel beads, one ring, and one tassel—I gave information to the police—I never saw the prisoner again till she was taken.





HENRY NORTHWOOD
 (policeman.) On Sunday, the 14th of Dec, between twelve and one o'clock, I took the prisoner in charge at Mitcham, in Surrey—I told her I took her for robbing her mistress of sixty-five sovereigns, and she threw back into my arms fainting away—I took her to the station, and there she said, "Here is the money, I took it," giving me a purse—there

were nine sovereigns, eighteen half-sovereigns, and 1s. 6d. in the purse—I asked if she had another purse—she said yes, and produced another purse containing thirty-nine sovereigns and a half-sovereign.

Prisoner. He knew me before. Witness. Yes I have known her froma child, and never knew anything against her before.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy.
—



Transported for Ten Years.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

