



781. 




ROBERT HOSIER
 was indicted

for stealing 1 pump, value 15l., the goods of 



Daniel Watney, in a barge on the navigable river Thames; and that he had been before convicted of felony, in June, 1844


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES HEATH SAUNDERS
. I am a millwright, in the service of Daniel Watney, who keeps the Wandsworth Distillery. He his what" called a wash-barge—there was a pump on board of it, used for pumping wash into butts—it was worth 15l.





JOHN WILLIAMS
. I am a lighterman, in the service of Mr. Daniel Watney. He had a barge in which there was a copper pump—I "aw the barge safe on Sunday evening, the 2nd of Feb., moored oif Mr. Watney's premises, on the Thames, at Wandsworth—I saw the pump in it then—I

missed the barge before daylight the next morning, and found it aground in Battersea Reach, and nobody on board it—the pump was then gone.





THOMAS SPINKS
. I am a coppersmith, in the service of Charlotte Simmonds, at No. 7, Waterloo-road, Southwark. On the 3rd of Feb., I bought 105lbs. weight of copper of the prisoner, at 7d. per lb.—I think it came to 2l. 145. 10d.—it was in several pieces, broken up—I bad not known the prisoner—I drank with him after I made the purchase, at the Jolly Miller public-house—I have no doubt of his being the person—I believe Mrs. Simmonds sold some of the copper afterwards to Charles Boore—some of it was in our shop when the officer came on the 4th of Feb.

Prisoner. Q. Did you pay me for it? A. Mrs. Simmonds did—you asked me to go and have a drop of anything to drink, and I did.

COURT. Q. Were you ever tried for receiving stolen goods? A. No, there has been nothing of that kind since I have been there, which is seventeen years—the prisoner had more than the full price, for my mistress did not know that it had fallen in price—it was knocked up in pieces and brought in the middle of the day.

Prisoner. He said first he knew me, and then he said he did not know me. Witness. I said directly I saw him that I knew him to be the man—I described him to the police.





CHARLES BOORE
. I am shopman to Lambert and Sons, brass-founders, in the New Cut—I bought a bucket of Mrs. Simmonds—I gave 5 1/2d. per lb. for it—it was pot metal—I placed it to her account.





JOHN MANNIE
 (police-constable V 70.) I went to Mrs. Simmonds' shop, and took possession of some copper on Wednesday, the 4th of Feb.—she gave me every facility to get it—I made every inquiry—her shop is a respectable one.





JOHN WILLIAM GRIFFIN
 (Thames police-inspector.) I apprehended the prisoner on the 8th of Feb.—he saw me when I was about twenty yards off him, and directly ran away—I took him from the description of the witness—as far as Simmonds was concerned I found every facility.

Prisoner, I had a summons out against me, and I thought it was for that.





JOHN WILLIAMS

re-examined. I have looked at the copper produced—it is the copper of the pump—I found some wash in it, quite fresh—I have no doubt it is the same pump.

Prisoner to
CHARLOTTE SIMMONDS. Q. Was I the man that sold it? A. I thought you not so tall as the man I paid for it, by half a head—I said there was a resemblance in the features, but you are not so tall.

COURT. Q. Do you or do you not believe him to be the man? A. I could not swear positively—I should say he is not the man.





JOHN HOOD
. I am in the service of Mrs. Simmopds. Was present when the pump was sold, and saw the person who sold it—the prisoner is the man.

COURT. Q. Had you ever seen him in the shop, selling before? A. No, I am sure my mistress was in the shop—he came about eleven o'clock, and was there twenty minutes—I did not hear my mistress ask him who he was, or where he came from—I did not see her put it down in the book.





WILLIAM GRIFFIN

re-examined. I have known the prisoner about fifteen years—he does not stand upright, he stoops very much—when he stands upright he is as tall as I am.


Prisoner. Q. Did you go to another person's house and find some property belonging to the pump? A. No.

Prisoners Defence. I think there are two young fellows outside who can prove I was with them at the time the copper was sold.





THOMAS GEORGE ROWE
 (Thames police-constable, No. 55.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which is dated 12th June 1843—the prisoner is the man.

COURT. Then it cannot be the same.




GUILTY
of larceny only.
 Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

