






365. 




CHARLES BOWEN
 and 




GEORGE LAKE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of Nov., at 
St. Martin-in-the-fields, 1 50l. Bank note, 5 10l., and 10 5l. notes; the property of 




William Price Lewis, clerk, in the dwelling-house of 



James Barrack; and





JOHN DANCOCK
 and 




GEORGE BATES



for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to be stolen.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD MCKEONE
. I am a clerk to Messrs. Glyn and Co., bankers. The Rev. William Price Lewis banks at our house—on the 28th of Nov. I cashed the check for 150l. now produced for him—I made a memorandum of the notes I gave him, which were—(reads)—16125, dated the 6th of Oct., 1845, for 50l.; five notes of 10l., Nos. 16459 to 16463, dated the 10th of Oct., 1845; and ten 5l., Nos. 02313 to 02322, dated the 13th of Oct., 1845—the Bank does not issue two notes of the same number and date.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Does your book enable you to tell it was for this particular check you paid those notes? A. It does—I did not see the prosecutor myself.






HENRY WELLINGTON
. I am clerk to Messrs. Glyn and Co. On the 28th of Nov. I received some Bank notes from M'Keone, and handed them over to Mr. Lewis—I saw him put them into his pocket—he drew the check himself in the banking-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. From whom did you receive the notes A. From M'Kcone—I handed the same notes to Mr. Lewis.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Whose writing is this memorandum on the back? A. One of the clerks who gave me the check—he is not here—I received the check from Mr. Lewis—I came in just as he had written it, and the clerk was writing the memorandum to show how the money was wanted.





REV. WILLIAM PRICE LEWIS
. I am a clergyman living in Wales, at New-house, near Cardiff. On the 28th of Nov. I was in town, staying at the Trafalgar Hotel, Charing-cross—Messrs. Glyn's are my bankers—I received the cash for this check on the 28th of Nov. in one 50l., five 10l., and ten 5l. Bank notes—I put the notes I received into my pocket at the banker's, and when I got to the hotel I put them out of my pocket-book into my portmanteau, which was in my bed-room—that was, as near as I can judge, about four o'clock in the afternoon, or a little before—I locked the portmanteau and then went out to take a walk, and was out till nearly six o'clock—at near ten o'clock, when I went to bed, I opened my portmanteau, to see if the notes were safe—I had some difficulty in opening the lock, but I did open it, and found the notes gone—I had been out from four to six o'clock, and was in my sitting-room at the hotel from that time till I went to bed—part of my family were with me, and we had a sitting-room to ourselves—I made no alarm that night—the female servant came into the room early in the morning to light the fire—I told her I had lost 150l. in notes, and that they would be of no use to anybody, as I had the numbers—I saw the head waiter soon after—I went to Glyn's, I got there before the banking-house was open in the morning, and gave them information—I remember Lake at the hotel—he waited upon me—I did not observe Bowen there.

Bowen. Q. At what time did you get to the banker's that morning? A. I must have been there before nine o'clock—it was before anybody was there—I mentioned my loss to everybody I saw in the house, particularly to the chamber-maid—I do not remember mentioning it at the bar as I went out.





EDWIN AUGUSTUS BUSHELL
. I am clerk in the accountant's-office of the Bank of England. It is not the custom to issue two notes of the same number and date—I produce a 10l. note, No. 16460, paid into the Bank on the 9th of Dec.; 16461 on the 16th of Dec.; 16462 on the 10th of Dec.; 16463 on the 4th of Dec.; a 5l. note, No. 2313, on the 2nd of Dec.; 2314 on the 5th of Dec.; No. 2315 on the 5th of Dec.; 2316 on the 15th of Dec; 2317 on the 27th of Dec.; 2318 on the 6th of Dec.; 2319 on the 3rd of Dec.; 2320 on the 6th of Dec.; 2321 on the 15th of Dec.; and 2322 on the 22nd of Dec.—these notes had been stopped at the Bank—the 50l. note has not been paid in, all the tens and fives have—a 10l. note, No. 16459 was paid in on the 31st of Dec.—all except two were paid in by bankers, and the other parties were detained till it was found they had given their right address.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you speaking from? A. An extract from the books in my own handwriting—I did not receive the notes—I bring them from the library.





ROBERT TALBOT
. I am head waiter at the Trafalgar hotel, and have been so about eighteen months. It is kept by James Barrack, and is in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-fields—the prisoners Bowen and Lake were waiters under me—Lake had been so about nine months, and Bowen about nine weeks—Mr. Lewis was at the hotel in Nov., and Lake principally waited upon him—Bowen may have assisted occasionally—they both had access to all the rooms in the hotel—on the morning of the 29th of Nov. I heard of the

robbery of the notes—both the prisoners were in attendance at the hotel the afternoon before that—I saw Bowen there at eight o'clock, and did not see him again till the next morning—he would leave off work, according to the rules, at eleven o'clock, and should have slept in the hotel—on the 26th of Nov. Bowen had wished me to employ a person named Dancock as an extra waiter—I knew Dancock's father, but not the son—Bowen recommended the son to me—I knew his father as waiter at the Adelaide hotel—I have known him many years—he is a man of respectable character—I objected to employ the son, and did not, having heard he was a wild gay character—I did not usually sleep in the hotel myself, but I did on the night of the 28th, as my mother, who had come from the country, slept with my wife—I heard of the loss of the notes between eight and nine o'clock in the morning—about half-past eight—I saw Lake first, and Bowen directly after—Lake mentioned the robbery to me as I walked into the house, in the hall—I walked into the coffee-room and saw Bowen, who said, "Did you hear of Mr. Lewis having lost 150l.?"—of course I was astonished at the news—I said, "Why Charles, you have been out last night by the look of you"—he said, "No, I have not, but I am very unwell"—my master was informed of what occurred, and the police were called in—I was in communication from time to time with the inspector—on Sunday, the 14th of Dec., Ottway, the inspector, made a communication to me about the notes—that brought to my recollection the application which had been made to me to employ Dancock—Bowen was taken into custody in the course of that morning—I was not present when he was taken—after he was taken from the house I went on attending to the business of the hotel—it was not a busy day, but rather dull—Lake was still there—it was his business to assist me—Lake came to me and reported that Bowen had been taken into custody, and expressed himself in that sorrowful way that I took notice of it, and made the remark, "Well, I am innocent, I hope you are, George?"—he answered, "Yes, I am"—I said in a sharp manner," And I do hope if he is guilty he will be transported"—I then found Lake quite incapable of doing his business—he was the hotel waiter, that is, the private sitting-room waiter—we had a little dinner up stairs—I found he did not know how to get the tray ready—he was in such a confused state he did not know what he was about—at last finding him perfectly insane, not capable of doing his business, I said, "The fact is, George, you are concerned in the robbery yourself," to which he said, yes, he was—he then said, "I was driven into it by Charles or Charley," (meaning Bowen)—he told me Bowen had formed a plan to rob the Rev. Mr. Lewis, that he had obtained a key to fit Mr. Lewis's portmanteau, that having done so he brought the key to Lake and said to him, and "I have tried this little gentleman, (holding the key in his hands,) I find it just fits the portmanteau"—that from that time to the time of the robbery Bowen was in Mr. Lewis's room every day during Mr. Lewis's absence—that on the 28th of Nov., Bowen went into Mr. Lewis's room, between four and five o'clock, he first saw Lake, and said to him, (after having been in Mr. Lewis's room, and opened the portmanteau, and seen the notes,) "Wait till Talbot goes down to tea, and then you go in and get the notes, they are in such, a part of the portmanteau, and they are perfectly safe"—that as soon as they saw me go down to tea, both went up stairs together, Bowen gave Lake instructions to go into the room and stop up the key-hole, and should there be any noise to go out at the window and along the balcony into another room, that Lake, after taking the notes out of the portmanteau, according to Bowen's instructions, was half inclined to go out at the balcony, but thought the neighbours might see him, and he retreated from the balcony, opened the room-door, and came out the same way he went in—that Bowen was at the

room-door and took the notes from him at the instant—(the bed-room is on the floor where there are sitting-rooms)—he said that after Bowen had the notes they had not an opportunity of meeting again for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, business calling them in different ways, and in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour they met in a room, and Bowen said to him, "Why, you have got 70l.; there is 35l. for each of us"—Lake felt frightened and astonished at the sum of money they had stolen, and he said, "We shall get into trouble, let me take the money to Talbot and say I found it on the mat of the door," to which Bowen strongly objected, and said, "No, you may as well take it to Mr. Barrack, you should never let these head waiters know too much: have you got any silver in your pocket to pay for a cab to Londonbridge; I have a friend there who will take care of it, and turn it into hard cash"—that Lake took 4s. from his waistcoat pocket and gave it to Bowen—they made up their minds to get their work done as quick as possible, for Bowen to get out in a clandestine sort of manner, to get out if he could without my knowledge—that Bowen went off with the notes about eight o'clock, and did not return again till next morning, the 29th Nov., that Bowen told him he had given the money to Charles Wood, an under-waiter at the Adelaide hotel, London-bridge—that Bowen said to him, "I shall write to Charles Wood and tell him to hand the money over to Bob Snow, who will be able to get hard cash for it," and that on the 7th Dec., Sunday, Lake asked leave to go out, which he obtained to go to Tunbridge Wells to see his friends, that he went over to the hotel, and saw Charles Wood, who told him Snow had run away, with the whole of the money—that he, Lake, said, "I plainly see you have led me into it, and are now going to divide the money without giving me my share, and unless I get some I shall tell all I know of the matter, I am much troubled in my mind about it"—I took particular care to inquire who Wood was, and Jem, the porter at the Adelaide, who he had named—he said while he was there Charles Wood said to him, when he said he would tell all he knew, that he should not do that for nobody knew anything about it but Jem, the porter, and it was quite safe.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. Did Lake come to you from the London hotel? A. No—I knew nothing of his character.

Bowen, Q. Did you have an extra waiter on the Thursday? A. No—on Wednesday, the 26th of Nov., I said I should require an extra man in the afternoon, and you recommended Dancock—I objected, having heard he was a wild young man—you said you were quite satisfied he was not so, he had worked with you, and a better waiter you never saw—I said, "Well, if you say so, write to him"—that was on the 26th of Nov., to the best of my recollection—it might be the 27th—I waited till three o'clock, and then engaged a waiter named Hadden, as your friend did not come—Hadden was there on the 28th, the day the notes were lost—I slept that night at the hotel, but went over in the morning to see my wife, and wish my mother good-bye, shortly after seven o'clock—I returned at half past eight o'clock, and met Lake in the hall, and had not gone two yards before I met you—I had advised you to be particular with Mr. Lewis, as he was the best customer we had, and always left a compliment on leaving—you said you were ill on the Saturday morning, and asked me for a Seidlitz powder—I first said you seemed to have been out all night which you strongly denied—when you said Mr. Lewis had lost his money, I believe I said it must be a mistake, he would find it—I did not say I wished I had it, nor make a remark about 50l. each—I went home to dress on Friday, and returned about four o'clock—I went down to tea shortly after four o'clock—I never saw you with any keys—I never

made any remark about Mr. Lewis's money, or where he kept it—I have helped him on with his great coat, but I think not during his last visit—I did not come down to you, and say he had a pocket-full of silver, or that I put my hand in his pocket—I never said to you or Lake, that you were not cunning enough to commit a robbery on Mr. Lewis, nor that I should like to get into his bed-room, and shake his notes, nor that if anybody could get hold of them, and well shake them, he would never miss them—I stated afterwards that there was some more money in a port. manteau, because I heard afterwards from Mr. Vernon, a friend of Mr. Lewis, that there was another roll of 85l. worth of notes—I said I thought Mr. Lewis must really have lost the notes on his way from the Bank, and I did suppose so—I never said I suspected a gentleman that used to visit Mr. Lewis—we had many jokes between ourselves respecting the notes, and I said if any one stole them here, it might as likely be Mr. Vernon, as any one else or more likely, as he had more access to Mr. Lewis's room than anybody else; but it was a mere joke between ourselves, to show the impossibility of the notes being lost there—on the Sunday morning you were apprehended you came to me and said, "A letter is come from Scotland-yard, there is something up now from the police," and shortly after Inspector Ottway and two others. came in plain clothes—they sent for me into the parlour, and asked me several questions—when Icame out you were very inquisitive as to their business, but having heard so much there, I had no doubt you were the guilty party, and I gave you an evasive answer—I told you "They want to know where I go to of a night, they suspect Mr. Lewis was robbed by some lady in an omnibus, coming from the Bank, and they fancy this lady goes to a house where I occasionally go to take my glass"—I am not in the habit of drinking with females in front of the bar—I have drunk in their presence—not modest females—I have been in such houses after leaving the hotel of a night—I have not spent so much money in those houses—I had never been to the Fulham-road before you were taken into custody—I know it now by my brother having taken a shop there—I never went to Bell-yard, Fleet-street, to take a shop there—I believe, from my brother's statement subsequent to your apprehension, that there is an agent there whom he applied to, and of whom he took the shop he now has—I had a gold watch in my possession both before and after the robbery—it was my wife's—I lived in Dublin about six years—I went there to live as principal waiter at the Northumberland Hotel, and was there three years—I then took the Victoria Hotel, in partnership with Joseph Gardener, and we failed—we did not pay all our creditors—we paid all we could—I left the house on hearing there was a writ out against me as I was out at market—I said I never would be taken, and did not return home, but left Dublin by the steampacket at eleven in the morning—it was not at night—I brought my own wearing apparel with me, no one's else—I brought no plate but a dozen silver-tea-spoons, which I have now—I pledged the entre dishes to pay bills which came due—I do not know what became of them—I left the principal part of the linen behind—I took none away with me—I had my own private linen, which was my own before I went to the hotel—it was a good stock, and is not all gone yet—there was a gentleman once staying at Mr. Barrack's, who had a small writing portfolio—it was not given into the charge of any one in particular; he left it in the public coffee-room, and said, "Take care of my writing-case"—it was not in my charge; it was thrown on the side-table—I returned it to the gentleman in two or three weeks, and he said it had been broken open—we afterwards convinced him he had broken it himself by his own key—at first he said he would take the

advice of a Magistrate on the subject, but when he left the house he was pretty well satisfied he had done it himself—it was a little common lock—I did not accuse Miss Barrack of having broken it open—on one occasion I found the end of a pair of snuffers in one of my drawers, and I said it was quite evident some one had been trying to open it after I had gone home at night, and the end of the snuffers exactly corresponded with those in Min Barrack's bed-room candlestick—I said she must have tried to wrench it open, not thinking it was my drawer, or she would not have done it—I did not say she was bad enough for anything—I have frequently said she was very curious of a night in going round—I never said she would break open a lock—I waited on Mr. Lewis on the day of the robbery—I waited on him every day partially—I make it a rule to go in with the first dish to every dinner, if I can—I noticed you in your business that day as usual—I never saw you in Mr. Lewis's room in my life—I did not give any one any brandy in your presence the day you were apprehended; I did afterwards—I have given many persons a drop of brandy or other things—I have paid for many pints and half-pints of different spirits, to treat persons under me, porters and others—I have not given you brandy-checks to go to the bar and get it—I never said you might get a bottle of brandy by bringing a check away and taking it back again—I never instructed you to get a bottle or a pint of wine, or anything else, from the bar in that way; you were too handy yourself is doing it, and I have frequently cautioned you, and said, "Charles, don't do that," and Lake also, and said, "I will book it against you, if you get any thing," and I have done so—I may have taken wine home which was left at dinner parties—I have frequently had two or three bottles left in that way—I generally kept a bottle in my own private drawer, in case a friend should call on me—persons I was familiar with I generally took into the pantry, or into the coffee-room—I have taken many persons into the pantry besides my brother—I never had a brother call on me during your time, therefore I could not send him out loaded with food, wine, or spirits—I never had occasion to send my great coat home of a morning—I may have sent a coat home to be repaired—I never sent anything in the pockets—I know Mr. Houghton—I have not had bottles of wine from him that I know of—he has always paid his bills like a gentleman—he is a railway-surveyor, and a great many clerks of his come to the house—they are most liberal men, and eat and drink of the best—I have sometimes found a spirit or wine-check deficient of a morning, but have generally managed to make it correct in calling it over with the waiters—I never told you to deny having things in order to make the checks right—I never saw anything particularly wrong in either you or Lake—I told you you were too fond of getting out, and were two wild young fellows—I have paid for parcels of Mr. Houghton's, and you may have done so in my absence, for which I paid you again—I never told you to put down 2s. instead of 1s.—I have known you to be out of a night before this Friday, but you were a good waiter, and clever at your business, and I looked over many little things you did wrong on that account—I have never left the hotel of an evening before my usual time without leave of Mr. or Miss Barrack—I may have gone to a neighbouring public-house to meet a friend whom I did not wish to ask into the hotel—I usually went into Mr. Malcolm's—I remember on one occasion coming back to the hotel for some milk when Mrs. Malcolm was dangerously ill, and could not get any—I borrowed it from Miss Barrack or Miss Emma, her niece—I might have met you, and asked you to get it—I never encouraged any of you to fight—I once saw Lake and Bevan the porter fighting—I consider Bevan was in fault—I said Bevan had told a direct lie of

Lake, and he was justified in anything he did—I believe Bevan hit Lake first—I did not say I would take an oath of it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did the gentleman say that anything had been taken out of the portfolio which was broken? A. No, he said there was nothing in it but a few letters—it is about eighteen months ago that I found the broken end of a pair of snuffers in the drawer—Miss Barrack had the management of the hotel, jointly with her niece—Mr. Barrack is the proprietor, but having another house he is frequently away—the drawer was in the pantry—it had been without a lock—I put one to it, and I suppose Miss Barrack not knowing there was a lock to it tried to open it—things were kept in the pantry for the use of the hotel, and this was done after I had gone home at night.





JOSEPH NEWMEN
. I am laundry-boy at the Trafalgar hotel—I heard of this robbery on the Saturday morning—I was in the habit of sleeping in the same room with Lake and Bowen—I slept in one bed and they slept in another bed, together—on Friday night I went to bed at eleven o'clock—neither Bowen nor Lake were in bed at that time—I got up next morning about seven o'clock—Lake was in bed at that time, but not Bowen—he had not been in bed at all that night to my knowledge—if he had he should have been there at seven o'clock, according to the usual custom.

Bowen. Q. Had you known me out all night before? A. I believe once, when you got leave—William, the porter, came into the bed-room at seven o'clock on the morning of the robbery—I believe he called George, and Lake jumped up in bed, and he told him what had happened the night before—he sometimes came to the room at seven o'clock, and sometimes before seven.





WILLIAM BEVAN
. I am head porter at the Trafalgar hotel—Mr. Lewis sent for me about seven o'clock in the morning, and told me of the robbery—it was my duty to call Lake and Bowen—I went to do so that morning, but Bowen was not there—I had been up from three o'clock—if Bowen had been there after three o'clock I must have seen him, unless he was let in after seven o'clock.

Bowen. Q. When you called Lake did you make a communication to him? A. I told him Mr. Lewis had lost 150l.—you were not in bed, nor in the house to my knowledge—I should have seen you if you had been in your proper place—I have known you out before, but cannot say whether you were out all night—I have seen you come in about seven or eight o'clock in the morning—I cannot say I ever knew you out so late as three o'clock—you never knocked me up of a night—you did not sleep on either of the beds in my room that night—I cannot say what time the bar is generally closed—it is according to the time the people are in—the waiters take it in turns to sit up—Lake was up that night when I went to bed—I did not see you till nearly dinner-time next day—I do not think I spoke to you about the loss—your place was in the pantry of a morning, cleaning the plate—I sometimes came into the pantry—Lake and I have had words at different times—one morning I told Talbot that Lake went out and did not do something, we had words about it, and you both pitched into me and gave me a hiding—Lake hit me first.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is it your duty to take the place of Pring? A. I am above him, he remains at the hotel till I come on duty.





GEORGE HBNRY PRING
. I am one of the porters at the Trafalgar hotel—I heard of the robbery on the Saturday morning—I had never left the hotel at all that morning—I went to bed about half-past two or a quarter to three o'clock—Bevan then continued my duty—I did not see Bowen in the hotel that morning, but I might not have seen him if it was his night in bed.

Bowen. Q. Do you recollect my coming to the railings on the previous

night? A. No, nor did I tell you to go down to a house close by—I did not let you in that night—I did not open the area gate—I have had occasion to pull you off my bed of a night when I went to bed, but I did not do so that night—I did not see you late that night—I did one night previously—we were out one night together—I returned, and I believe you did some time after—I did not hear you say you should take a seidlitz-powder next morning—I never knew you stop out all night previous to this—I never stated to you what sort of a character Talbot was—I have never heard anything as to his character—I know Joseph Gardener—he has never complained to me of Talbot—he never told me he was a bad character, nor have I ever said so.





CHARLES OTTWAY
. I am inspector of the A division of police. My attention was called to this robbery on the Monday, and I was in communication from time to time with Talbot till the Sunday when Bowen was apprehended—I made such arrangements as I thought proper for tracing the notes—I went to the hotel on Sunday, the 14th of Dec., having obtained information respecting some of the notes—I saw Talbot, and mentioned the name of Dancock to him—he made a communication to me, in consequence of which I took Bowen and locked him up in the station, about two o'clock in the afternoon, and I was there when Lake was brought in by another constable—Charles Wood, and a man who gave his name as Jem Bailey, were also brought there in custody with Lake—Wood and Bailey were put into the same place as Bowen—after they had been with him Bowen asked me if Lake was in custody—I said he was, and that he had told all about it—he then said that Lake had taken the notes, and he only handed to him 70l., and if he said he had more, it was wrong, he must have kept the rest himself—in consequence of information I took Bates into custody that night, between twelve and one o'clock, at a house in a street leading out of Waterloo-road—I told him I took him for having passed some notes which had been stolen—he said he did pass them, and he thought they were all right, that he received them of Jack—I did not then understand who he meant—he said he had seen jack that very day, and told him they should get into trouble about them—I asked if he could tell me where Jack was—he said he did not think he could—I said I must take him to the station—he then offered to take me where Jack could be found—he took me to No. 8, Rodney-place, New Kent-road—we got there between one and two o'clock in the morning—he rapped at the door and then at the shutter—a voice asked, "Who is there?"—Bates said, "Is Jack come home?"—the door was opened, and I found Dancock in the room—Bates said, "You must put on your things and go with us, I told you we should get into trouble with some of the notes"—Dancock did not speak at first—he afterwards said he had received them from a friend of his at the Adelaide hotel—I took him in charge—I produce two hats, one of which I took from Daocock, and the other from Bates; also a great coat, which Bates had on—they were taken before a Magistrate—Charles Wood and Jem were discharged, and the others committed.

Bowen. Q. What grounds had you to suspect me? A. The communication made by Talbot that you and Dancock were acquainted—I searched your bed-room and found nothing—I found a paper with figures upon it in your desk, and initials—I asked what it was—you said it was a list of Bank notes which you found when you lived at an hotel, and restored to the owner—I think you said the amount was 1200l.—you asked me if Lake was in custody—it was not Wood asked—he knew it—you did not tell me the notes were found upon the mat.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. For a few days before Bates was taken had the police been making inquiry about this case? A. Yes.


MR. BODKIN. Q. You advised that Bowen should be given into custody because he wished to go out? A. Yes, he wished to go out, the landlord would not allow him—it was Sunday—he said to one of the waiters that if Mr. Barrack would not let him out, he would take French leave—I then advised that he should be given in charge.

BOWEN. Q. Did Talbot state to you that I knew Dancock? A. Yes—I asked if he knew the name, and he said you wanted him to have him as an extra waiter.





ABRAHAM LYONS
. I live at Nos. 73 and 74, Union-street, Borough, and am a tailor. This 10l. note, (No. 16462,) has my father's handwriting on it—on the 29th of Nov., Dancock and Bates were at my father's shop—we served them with two coats—the coat produced I believe to be the one sold—I believe it was Bates gave me the 10l. note—I gave the person who gave it to me a pen and ink to write his name, and here is "Smith, James-street, strand," which Bates wrote—it was between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—I know this to be the note I received from Bates, and know his writing on it, and my father's signature.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you ever seen them before? A. No—they were ten minutes or a quarter of an hour in the shop—I am certain it was Bates gave me the note.





FREDERICK STEED
. I live at Mr. Carthie's, in Union-street, Borough. On the 20th of Nov., between ten and half-past ten o'clock at night, I saw Dancock and Bates—they had two pints of wine and a glass of brandy-andwater to drink—they had a woman with them, and a cabman, who partook of it—the cab was waiting outside—Bates paid for it in silver, and afterwards asked me for change for a 5l. note, which I gave him—master desired him to write his name on the note—(looking at one)—I cannot identify the note, as I did not see it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you ever seen bates before? A. No—I stated before the Magistrate that Bates was with a nymph of the pare—master does not keep the house now—I am with his brother.





CHARLES AUGUSTUS CATHIE
. On the 29th of Nov. I lived at No. 21, Union-street, Borough—I recollect Bates and Dancock coming to the house—I changed this 5l. note (No. 2313) for Bates—I desired him to sign his name to it, and he wrote the name of Smith on it—I believe this "Wm. Smith" to be his writing—Bates and Dancock were together.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you pay the note away? A. Yes, to my father, on the Monday—this was Saturday.





JOHN GOVIER
. I am waiter at Sanson's coffee-shop, and lodge at Watts' coffee-shop. On the 29th of Nov. I saw Bates and Dancock at the Sheridan Knowles tavern, in Brydges-street, where Bates is a professional singer—it is opposite the box entrance of Drury-lane theatre—I changed a 5l. note at the bar for Dancock on Sunday, the 30th of Nov.—this note (No. 2314) is the one—the address on it is the same as he wrote, but I will not swear to it—it was "Mellish, junior, Mellish and Co., silk stocking-dyers, Banner-street, St. Luke, "but Banner-street, St. Luke, is now cut out—I paid the note to Mr. Neat—I have known Bates about three months.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What character has he borne? A. Very fair.





WILLIAM NEAT
. I am a publican, and live at No. 109, Drury-lane. I received this note from Govier—I have not a doubt of it (No. 2814.)





THOMAS STEVENS
. I live with my father, at the Jolly Gardeners, Union-street, Borough. I changed this 5l. note (No. 2315) in the early part of Dee., for the prisoner Dancock—he put his name on by my desire—here is

"John Mellish, jun., Mellish and Co., 72, Banner-street, St. Luke"—I saw him write that.





THOMAS BILTON
. I am a hatter, and live at No. 44, New-cut, Lambeth. On the 29th of Nov. the prisoners Dancock and Bates came to my shop together, and each bought a hat—one of them paid for both hats, with a 5l. note—I am not positive which paid it—the hats produced by Ottway are those I sold them—I did not change the note, but sent it to Turner by my daughter.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you know the hats? A. By my name in them.

COURT. Q. Do they fit the prisoners? A. Yes.





MARY ANN BILTON
. I am the witness's daughter. I took the 5l. note to Mr. Turner for change on the 29th of Nov.—I saw Dancock and Bates in the shop.





RICHARD TURNER
. I am a baker, and live in New-cut, Lambeth. I changed a 5l. note for Miss Bilton on the 29th of Nov.—this is the note (No. 2320)—I paid it to my banker's.





HANNAH SIMMONS
. I am landlady of the Sheridan Knowles tavern, Brydges-street, and am the wife of Abraham Simmons—Bates was a singer at our establishment, and I think I have seen Dancock before—I received a 5l. note, which I got Lipman to change for me—it was on Saturday night—I took it from a person at our bar—I believe I have seen Dancock—I took the note from a person resembling him in stature, but I did not notice his countenance—it was on Saturday, the 28th or 29th of Nov.—I gave the note to Lipman on the Monday morning after—I asked his name—he said the name and address was on it—I cannot say whether this (No. 2318) is the note—I did not particularly look at it—I paid the note to Lipman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is your house licensed by the Magistrate? A. Yes—I have known Bates eight or nine months—he sung at my house—I can give him a good character during the time.





LIPMAN LIPMAN
. I keep the Elysium Tavern. I received this 5l. note (No. 2318) from Mrs. Simmons—I think it is the note, but cannot swear it—I paid it to a solicitor—I do not know his name—I cannot recollect it—I took it myself—he lives in Lincoln's-inn-fields.

Q. Was it to Hallam you paid it? A. Yes—he is not my solicitor—I paid it for Mr. Simmons.





EDWARD JOHN HALLAM
. I am clerk to Baker and Co., solicitors, Lincoln's-inn-fields. I received this 5l. note from Lipman—he has written his name upon it—he paid me some money for himself and some for Simmons for arrears of gas rent—we are solicitors to a gas company.





HENRY SMITH
. I keep the King's Arms, Roupel-street, Lambeth. I know Bates and Dancock by sight—I saw them at my house on Saturday, the 29th, and Sunday, the 30th of Nov.—on the Saturday they had a female with them, who is outside the Court—they ordered various things—one of them tendered me a 5l. note for what they had on the Saturday, and the other tendered me a 5l. note for what they had on Sunday—they had spirits, beer, and cigars, some of each, to the best of my belief—this 5l. note (No. 2316) is one of them—here is "William Smith" upon it, which was written by Dancock, on my asking him to write his name—there is no address—Bates was present—this note (No. 2321) I received from Bates, to the best of my belief—here is "James Benton, Banner-street, St. Luke's," upon it, which Bates wrote, upon my asking him to write his name and address.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When did they find you out?


A I was subpoened last Saturday—I had seen Bates before—I paid the note; to Mr. White, of the Salutation, about a fortnight after.





JAMES THOMAS PARTRIDGE
. I am an inspector of police. I attended the prisoners' examination on the 15th of Dec.—before the examination I was conveying the prisoners to the police Court—I had charge of Lake—I said nothing to induce him to say anything to me—he said it was a bad job, that he was dragged into it by Bowen, he was very sorry that be took the notes, and it was some time before they could look at them, that they were down stairs with them, and then Bowen said there was 70l., 35l. far each of them—Bowen asked him if he had any silver, he wanted to take them in a cab to change them, that he gave him some silver to go to the Adelaide hotel to change them, that be went away, and he saw no more of him till the following morning, when he asked Bowen about his share of the notes, Bowen said it was all right, he had given them to a friend, that on another occasion be asked Bowen for his share, and he said he had given them to a man who had ran away—that he, Lake, went to the Adelaide to set Wood, and could get no satisfactory answer from him, and he taw plainly they had dragged him into it, and intended to cheat him of kit share.

Bowen. Q. Who brought the subject up? A. He himself—he said it was a bad job—I did not ask him what was a bad job, because I was aware what he was charged with—I did not urge him to My anything—he said, "We took the notes"—he did not say you were out all night—I think he said he went down to London-bridge on the Sunday after and saw Wood, but could not get a satisfactory answer relating to the money—he did not say what time he returned to the hotel—he did not say there was a misunderstanding between, you and the parties—he did not mention the name of the party that had gone away with the notes.

REV. MR. LEWIS
re-examined by Bowen. I should think I returned to the hotel from the Bank about a quarter to four o'clock, I cannot say positively—I came with a friend in an omnibus—I checked the notes with Mr. Wellington, before I left the Bank—I took them from him, and counted them.





ROBERT TALBOT

re-examined by Bowen. I did not see Mr. Lewis return from the Bank—I think I went that day in starch of an extra waiter—I will not swear whether it was that day or the day puevious—I went to No. 6, King-street, Covent-garden, to the Essex—I told a man there to come to work on the Friday, and he was there on the Saturday—I made a remark as to him in connexion with the loss—I do not know whether I had a new suit of clothes on the following Sunday—I may have had a new suit on that Sunday—I know I had a new suit within the last two months—I never endeavoured to evade justice by persuading Lake to go to Ireland—I never looked to the direct route to Liverpool—Lake asked me a question about Ireland, and I said there was no chance for a strange man in Dublin—I never advised Lake to go to this or that place, or to peruse different routes—he never asked me to lend him 5l. 2.—I did not advise him to go to Mr. Penn, and get moiey—I have many times said, "Why don't you get yotur money from Mr. Penn, the steward of the Athenaeum," knowing him to be short of money—I should not have allowed him to quit the house on the morning he made the confession to me, if he had had the means of getting away—he never asked me for 5l.—he was in a most excited state when be made the confession to me—I suppose it was tkrougb your being taken into custody, and, of course, his expectation that the police would come for him every moment—he said he wished you had never come into, the house—that you had led him into the whole affair.


Q. Had you previously given him anything to drink? A. On the first occasion, when he told me he was unwell and nervous, I said, "Take a drop of brandy in a little cold water, and see what that will do," not then supposing he was implicated in the affair—I swear he was perfectly sober,—finding he was not quite so well in the morning as he should be, I said, "The fact is, George, you were out last night"—he said, "No, I was not, indeed"—I may have said to you in the morning that he had been out, finding him unwell, and incapable of doing his business—I did not tell you he was intoxicated—I suppose this confession occupied more than two hours, because the business of the house called each of us away occasionally—it commenced about seven o'clock, and did not end till near nine, and at that moment Charles Wood and little Jem happened to call, and I, having received a full description of them, thought it my duty to give them into custody—they inquired for you, nobody else—I believe I waited on Mr. Lewis a little every day, not much, but I always saw him—I may have waited in the room while Lake went down stairs—I went into Mr. Lewis's bed-room early in that day, not in the evening—it was to take Mr. Lewis a basin of mutton broth—that was about two o'clock—I do not know that I ever saw you or any one else in Mr. Lewis's bed-room, except Lake—I never heard any one say you were in there—I have heard persons say the door was fastened on several occasions, and they were surprised Mr. Lewis should lock his door, and Lake afterwards told me that was the time you were in the room, and that it was your practice to stop up the key-hole—I think it quite possible for you to have locked and unlocked the door without being heard—I never tried to entrap Lake—I have frequently told him I would get rid of him—he was always careless, and never did his work as he ought, and I gave him the advice of a brother—I liked him—I considered him an inexperienced young man, and never carried my threat into execution, or told Mr. Barrack—I gave him good advice, thinking he would improve—we were not at all busy in the coffee-room that day—we had about eight or ten dinners—we had the extra waiter, because we had more sitting-room dinners than usual—you were in the coffee-room and had nothing to do with the hotel business—Lake told me that you instructed him if there was not the means of coming out unseen at the door, he was to leave by the balcony and get into another room called the Nelson, which was unoccupied at that time, but, even if it was occupied, a gentleman would not be in his room at four o'clock in the afternoon.

COURT. Q. Are they French windows? A. Yes, opening from the floor nearly to the ceiling.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. I believe you never had any cause to suspect Lake of dishonesty? A. Never—I thought him an honest, good fellow, but a fool to himself.

Bowen's Defence. I have not any knowledge of the robbery, nor do I believe it was committed in the way stated; I acknowledge receiving the notes, which I am very sorry for.

Dancock's Defence. I am sorry I received the notes; I must trust to the leniency of the Court; I must exonerate Bates; it was through me he assisted in changing the notes.
(James Thompson, of No. 7, Newcastle-street, Strand; and Thomas Payne, a licensed victualler, White Horse-street, Drury-lane, gave Lake a good character; and Charles Aistrop, of No. 58, Lower Thames-street, gave Dancock a good character.

BOWEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.



LAKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury—


Transported for Ten Years.


DANCOCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

BATES—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.





Transported for Fourteen Years.

