







1153. 




MARY BASSETT,



 CATHERINE NOLAN,



 JOHN M'GRATH
, and 



JOHN FITZGERALD
, were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



John Prebble, on the 
11th of Feb., putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 hat, 12s.; 1 stock, 2s.; 1 pair of boots, 12s.; 1 purse, 1s.; 4 keys, 2s.; 8 half-crowns, 12 shillings, and 8 sixpences; his property; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, feloniously cutting and wounding him on his head.—2nd COUNT, for beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him at the time of said robbery.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PREBBLE
. I am a purchaser of miscellaneous property, and live close by St. Mark's-place, Kennington. On Saturday, the 11th of Feb., I was out between one and two in the morning—I had not been drinking very much—I was in the neighbourhood of Westminster, and entered the King's Head public-house in Orchard-street—I was alone at first, but was afterwards in company with Eliza Spillard—I am not aware whether she went in with me—she might have followed me into the house—I do not recollect being in her company, only from her statement—I saw all the four prisoners at that public-house, and they asked me to treat them—I think it was Bassett first asked me—I treated them, after much solicitation—they said, "Will you not pay even for a pint of beer?"—I said, "I do not mind a pot, as you have been out of work many weeks—I am sorry to see you so distressed"—I threw down some money—I do not know whether it was sixpence or a shilling, and they had some beer—the weather was exceedingly bad that night—I waited at the King's Head probably three quarters of an hour, during which time I sat down, I am told, in the tap-room—I do not know whether it was the parlour or tap-room—I recollect sitting down—I remember leaving the house by myself—after I left the house I was molested by four or five persons, two men and two or three women, and it is very probable that Spillard may have been among them—I was laid hold of on each side of the arm by some man on each side, and I was pushed down Union-court, and into No. 9, I believe it is—I made some great resistance—the door was open, and I was forced in—there was no light in the passage—after I was forced in I was laid hold of by the clothes, and dragged, or rather forced up stairs into the front room, first floor—the first person I had any communication with was Mary Bassett—they were all of a gang together at the time I was forced up stairs—it was in the dark, and I could not observe Bassett then, but she afterwards brought a candle, and I think offered me some liquor—I forget whether I partook of it; I am not certain—I perfectly recollect Bassett—I identified her in the morning—I remained there perhaps till eleven or twelve o'clock in the day; I cannot say the exact time—I found I was in a very low bad place—I said to Bassett, "Let me out of this house; what shall I give you?"—I gave her some silver, something of little consequence, for her to let me out of the house, which she said she would do—I heard a noise below—she said it was lodgers quarrelling—I heard some screaming—she had previously prevailed on me, as much as possible, to lie on a bedstead, which I refused to do—she went down stairs, saying, "I will go and see all clear"—she returned almost immediately and closed the door after her—I heard somebody outside walking up stairs at a very quick step, and Fitzgerald rushed into the room, and said, "What does this man want here?—you have done me an injury"—I said, "For what reason?"—he asserted something similar to certify that I had been connected with his wife—he said to Baesett, "Has he got any money?"—she told him it was in my pocket—he then laid his hand on me—I said, "I can give, but I will not be robbed"—I dashed

myself from him, and a struggle ensued—I told him I could not fight much, but I would try what I could do—I was making a rush at him, but I was struck violently on the head with some instrument—I cannot swear that he struck me—I was so close within his grasp, and it was done so suddenly, that I was thunderstruck, almost stunned—another scuffle ensued to get me out at the door—there were two other men at least at the door—they tried to get me out at the door, and I was pitched on my head down stairs, which caused concussion of the brain, and great bleeding happened afterwards—the cut is not closed yet—the bone of the head was fractured by some instrument—a jerk of the neck caused the vessels to break, and I lost a great deal of blood—I bled the greater part of the morning on the stairs—I recollect M'Grath hitting me several times, down stairs as well as up stairs—he is the man that stood at the door—I am not positive whether it was M'Grath or Fitsgerald struck me with some instrument—M'Grath was standing at the bed-room door—the door had then been opened with the intention of getting me out, or throwing me down stairs—Fitzgerald is the man who fought me first, and took my purse—my clothes were taken afterwards—I no doubt had my clothes on when I went into the room. I did not go to bed at all—after losing a great quantity of blood I recovered from the sort of faintness in which I had been from the stunning blow I had received, and found I was lying on a flight of steps, very wet and dirty—I raised myself step by step till I came to the first floor door; I tapped at it, but could get no answer—I said if they would fetch a doctor, I would forgive them—however, I received no answer—I pushed the door, went in, and asked them for God's sake to let me only sit or lie down, and I laid till it was near day-light—Fitzgerald then got out of the bed—he was lying with a woman, and on the other side was a woman who is now in the hospital, who had the typhus fever—a more horrid sight could not be—the. woman he was in bed with is not here—after I was robbed he weet out of the house, and returned with some woman, and on that bedstead I asked to lie down till it was light—when I recovered myself on the stairs, on getting up, I found my boots were gone, also my stock, great coat, and hat—I had my trowsers and waistcoat on—I had no under coat—I had but one coat on, and that was taken—it was a tight coat—about 1l. 16s. in silver was also taken, a purse, keys, some little odds and ends, and a silk pocket handkerchief, which was afterwards found—Fitzgerald got up between the lights, after he had been passing the greater part of the night with this woman—he said to me, two or three times over, "You b----why don't you get up?"—I said, "Let me lay, I don't do you any harm;" and I said to the woman, "What is he getting up for?"—the, woman said, "He is only getting up to go to his work at Pimlico; he works at Pimlico basin"—she got up herself about five minutes after he got up.

Q. Did you see any more of M'Grath in the room? A. He made a most fiendish countenance at me in the outset—I was hit several times on the stair-case—they were in and out all night, but I cannot recollect who the parties were—at last they all left the room except the poor woman ill in bed—some woman came into the room, and I said, "Here is a woman dying; for God's sake, go to the hospital, and get her in"—Bassett was in the room the first part of the night—she did not sleep in the room—I did not see her—I do not think she did—there could have been no place for her to sleep, unless it was on the floor—Bassett was in the room at the time I was beaten and received the blow on my head—she stood back behind the door—Fitzgerald came in as she stood, and she said, "Here he comes"—she knew that he was coming, no doubt—Iam sure she was in the room when I received the blow—I saw a light-haired woman, I cannot positively swear it was Nolan—I cannot say whether that

light-haired woman was in the room at the time I received the blow—she may have slipped out—I was too much agitated in a scene of that kind to pay particular attention—I remained in the house, I think it must have been till eleven or twelve o'clock—several persons came in in the course of the morning—Bassett sat at the fire, with a child on her knee, with a diseased head—I asked if I could get my great-coat—a dark woman, who is not in custody, told me, if I said a word, they could prove I had broken into the house—after several people coming in, from curiosity, to see if I was still there and still alive, a little boy peeped in—I asked him to fetch me a cab, which he did immediately—I was covered all over with blood—I had then ventured down stairs, seeing that the house was deserted—everybody had gone out of it—when the cab came, I walked into the street, across the yard, throught the wet, in my stockings and shirt sleeves—the cabman came round to me, and gave me a piece of carpet or a horse-cloth to put under my feet, but I put it over my shoulders and head—I was extremely cold, and in a sort of treme—he drove me home—for two days I was extremely delirious and foolish—I do not believe I was in my proper senses—I went to Mr. Barker, a surgeon, to have my head examined—I could feel that I had a serious wound on my head—I was under medical treatment about three weeks—I was confined to my bed nearly seven weeks—I did not find my handkerchief myself—I have been asked since if a handkerchief corresponded with mine, and I have five or six like it—I compared it with them—I cannot say it is mine except by comparison and the pattern—there may be many thousands of the same—it has no mark.

Bassett. I never saw the gentleman in my life till next morning; he never gave me any money; I came down next morning with a baby, hearing a bother in the house, and said, "You look very bad, are you the man that fell down the stairs?"—he said, "Yes, but I was very tipsy;" I asked him if I should wash his head. Witness. She had a child on her knee at the fire, but she never spoke one word to me, and she very shortly retired—I have no recollection of her offering to wash my head—I do not think she did, but I would not swear it.

Bassett. Q. Did I ill-treat you, or take anything belonging to you? A. You instructed Fitzgerald to take the money from my pocket, and said, "Take it all," and he took it all.

M'Grath. Q. Can you swear positively that I struck you with some weapon outside the door? A. I do not swear that you did, but one or the other did.

Fitzgerald. Q. What time did the boy peep into the room, as you say? A. I cannot say the hour—I think he was the last one that came in to look, just to see if I was there—I have seen him since—he said he lived in the house—it was about half-past eleven o'clock when the cabman took me away—the boy was not gone for him five minutes, and he took me away directly—I think there were not more than two men shoved me up stairs—there was atleast two or three women—there were other men in the house—somebody pushed me behind—whether they were men or women I cannot tell—I presume it was four or five o'clock when you got up—it was nearly getting daylight—the woman you slept with was a young woman—I have seen her since at Queen-square—she got up about five minutes after you.

Bassett. That woman was in bed with a bricklayer man.





ELIZA SPILLARD
. I am a girl of the town. I live at No. 18, New Tothill-street, Westminster. On the night, between Friday the 10th and Saturday the 11th of Feb. last, I met the prosecutor opposite the Horse Guards about ten o'clock—I never knew him before—I went with him up the Strand to an oyster shop, and then to the Pine Apple, in Hungerford-market—we had

drink there—we afterwards went to the King's Head, in Orchard-street—we got there about half-past one, or it might be twenty minutes to two in the morning—I saw the two female prisoners there—I did not see the men—I knew the females by sight, by seeing them about Westminster—they were there when I went in with Mr. Prebble, and they joined us—they asked Mr. Prebble to treat them—he said they were a different party, he did not know them—Bassett said if he did not treat them they would muzzle him, and his Moll too, and with many words he treated them—when he had treated me with glass of something to drink he came out of the Ring's Head, to the bottom of the steps—Bassett and Nolan followed him out, and asked him if he wanted a room—the gentleman said he would have no objection to going and staying an hour or two with me if I would like to come, and they came down Union-court—that is right opposite Tothill-street—the gentleman and me, and the two women turned down Union-court, one on each side of us—the gentleman was tipsy—I went to turn round to go back again as the gentleman refused going into the house, and saw the two male prisoners behind following us down—that was the first time I recollect seeing them that night—I did not see them in the public-house—when I turned round the two men dragged the gentleman into the house, and the two girls dragged me in—Nolan shut and fastened the door—the two men then went up stairs, and Bassett took the gentleman, and helped him up stairs—the two men went up stairs before the gentleman—the gentleman did not appear to be willing to go up stairs—he called out to bring up the young person that was with him, to bring up his lady—Nolan held me in the passage, and told me the room was not convenient for me to go into it—Bassett came down stairs again in about three minutes with a wine glass of something for me to drink—I was still in the passage—she told me to drink that or else I should be sick—I refused it once, but she put it to my mouth, and I drank it—Nolan was in the passage by the side of me holding me up by one arm—I had been drinking a little, but was not tipsy—I drank it because they told me to drink it, or else I should be sick—I was frightened—about two minutes after I had drunk it I found myself quite insensible, and very sleepy—I was not able to support myself—Bassett and Nolan then began to take my clothes off—they untied my cloak first—I was in a helpless state—I was standing with my back against the wall in the passage—no one had hold of me after they gave me the drink—I remained on my feet all the time, but felt very sleepy—Bassett took my cloak off—they took all my clothes from me except my shift—in the morning I found myself lying in the passage in a great pool of water, very wet and only my shift on—my gown was by my side—I had on my shoes and stockings when I went into the house—also a petticoat, bonnet, and cloak—Bassett said when she took them off, "You little cow, you don't keep these fine clothes"—it was about half-past seven when I awoke—I was very stiff from the bruises, and the ill usage that I had had—I did not hear any disturbance up stairs—I was overpowered by what I had taken.

Bassett. I never saw the woman.

Nolan. Q. Did not you go out of the King's Head, with the prisoner Fitzgerald, and go down the court? A. No—I went out with Mr. Prebble—the bonnet that I lost was a cotton velvet one—I never said it was a silk velvet.

M'Grath. Q. Did you ever see me have a hand in taking your clothes or anything? A. I am quite sure it was you I saw go up stairs—you had on a round jacket—I did not notice what sort.

M'Grath. I wore a coat that night—she is mistaken—she has taken me for another man.

Fitzgerald. Q. Did you see me at the King's Head? A. I did not—I

only saw you at the bottom of Union-court, when I was turning back come up the Court—I will swear positively that you are the person—you had on a round fustian jacket, and a black cap—I knew you very well.

MR. CARKSON. Q. How long have you known Fitzgerald by sight? A. Ever since I have been in London, which is four months last Friday—I have been in the habit of seeing him down in Tothill-street, and in the neighbourhood of Westminster—I had seen M'Grath before that night about Westminster—I did not know him so well as Fitzgerald.

COURT. Q. Did you know Fitzgerald to speak to him? A. Yes, I have spoken to him before.





WILLIAM WEEKS
. I am landlord of the King's Head, Orchard-street, Westminster. My house is open late every night except Saturday—I know Fitzgerald quite well, and M'Grath—I saw them at my house on Friday night, the 10th of Feb., between one and two o'clock, with several other men and women, all in company together—I recollect seeing Bassett that night—I cannot recollect Nolan—she might have been there, but I am not able to swear to her—I have not been subpœnaed or bound over, but have come to state what I know.

COURT. Q. About what time of night did you see Bassett there? A. They were there the most part of the night, till, I should say, about two o'clock, but I cannot swear positively to the exact time.

Bassett. Q. Did you see me accost any one to ask for anything to drink? A. I do not remember your asking to be treated, but I recollect Mr. Prebble treating you with some gin and water—I did not see you with Spillard that I recollect—I do not remember Spillard being there—I heard that she was, but I do not remember seeing her myself.

M'Grath. Q. Did you see me in Mr. Prebble's company? A. I did not, but you wanted to take two glasses of gin and water into the tap-room with you, and I would not allow you to do so unless you brought the money first, as is our usual custom—I afterwards took the gin and water to Mr. Prebble in the tap-room, and he paid me for it—I cannot say whether you wore a cont that night.

M'Grath. I was drinking there with my sister, and she sent me for the glasses—did not my sister pay for two glasses of gin and water at the bar Witness. I do not know his sister—she might have come there, but I did not know her to be his sister.

Fitzgerald. Q. How was I dressed? A. To the best of my belief, you had a fustian jacket on—whether you had a hat or cap I cannot recollect—I have known you ever since I have been in the house, which is two years next June—you were there about one or two o'clock—you were there before Mr. Prebble came in—I cannot say exactly how long—it might be an hour or so—you were out and in during the time you were there—you did not stops in all the time—I cannot remember when you went away for the last time—it must have been later than between one and two, or about that time—I believe you came and fetched two glasses of gin and water to take in to Mr. Prebble—I did not see you take them to him, but he was the only party drinking gin and water in the tap-room—I did not see where you took it to—Mr. Prebble was in the tap-room, in company with two other men—I thought they were his friends—I went in to advise him to come out, and those parties told me they would take care and see that he was all right—they were strangers to me—you paid for the two glasses of gin and water before you took them away.





SAMUEL WELLINGTON
. I am supported by the parishioners of St. Margaret's, in the workhouse. On the night of the 10th of Feb., I was living at

No. 10, Union-court, Orchard-street—Bassett and Nolan lived there at that time—I slept in the second floor back-room—early on the Saturday morning I heard a noise in the house—I was in bed at the time—I had known Bassett for about three weeks, and was able to distinguish her voice—she came down to us in the room, and told us they had a swell and another young woman in the house, and asked George if he would come up-stairs—two other boys, named George and Robert Cuttle, were in the room—George is about sixteen years old—he put on his clothes and went up-stairs—there is another floor above us—she did not say in what part of the honse the parties were—I know M'Grath—he had been in the house that night, very late, after I had been in bed, but before I heard Bassett's voice, he came to the room where I was in bed, and asked George what business he had with the gentleman's coat, and he took it away from him—that was after the noise, and after Bassett had been to my room—George went up-stairs when Bassett called him, and when he came down he had a coat, a pair of boots, and a hat—he brought them into the room where I and the other boys were sleeping—it was after that that M'Grath came into the room, and asked George what business he had with the gentleman's coat—George did not make any answer, and M'Grath took the coat from him, and took it away—about ten minutes afterwards he came in for the boots, and said the house was going to be searched—I cannot tell the time at all accurately—I saw Nolan in the room that night—I do not know the hour—she brought in a mantle, a bonnet, and a boa, laid them on our bed, and said, "George, will you let these be here till the morning?"—George afterwards took those things away in the morning, and took them up to her—she used to sleep up-stairs.

Bassett. He says he slept in the second floor and we were above him, there is not a house in the court more than two-story high. Witness. I am quite sure there is a story above the room I slept in—I used to go and fetch her water for her—there are rooms above the second floor—you go up thirteen steps from the floor I sleep on—I did not hear her ill-use the gentleman.

Nolan. When he first came to the station-house, he said I was not the person, that I was a stouter person. Witness, I did not say that—I was asked whether she came down, and told George to come up-stairs, and I said it was not her that came and told George—no more it was.

M'Grath. Q. Did you see me go up stairs, and bring or take anything away? A. I do not say you went up stairs; it was you that came and took the coat and boots—I had never seen you before—I do not know what dress you had on—I saw you with the gentleman's coat on—you put it on in the passage—it was the coat you came and took from George.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You say that you slept in the second floor; how do you count the floors? A. The bottom of the house is one floor, and where we live is the second floor—I heard the gentleman halloo out in the night for somebody to come and put a blanket under his head, and he would forgive them, and nobody came—I afterwards saw the gentleman in the morning in the next room to ours—he was in the room, sitting by the fire, with his head all covered with blood, and the sleeve of his shirt was bloody—he had no coat, hat, handkerchief, or boots on—I went and got him a cab—the cabman put something round him, and something under his feet too.

Bassett. Q. Was I not there when you went for the cab? A. No; I did not see you there then.





DANIEL LLOYD
. In Feb. last I was lodging at No. 11, Union-court, Orchard-street. There is no number on the door—it is right opposite No. 10—they are two end houses—I know the two female prisoners—Bassett lived it No. 10—I do not know where Nolan lived—on Saturday morning, the 11th of Feb., between one and two o'clock, I was going home, and saw the

four prisoners and Mr. Prebble in Union-court—they had hold of him—they were all four together at that time—Bassett had hold of his arm—Fitzerald was close to him—I cannot say whether he had hold of him—they were taking him down the court—he appeared a little tipsy, but not much, as appeared to me—I went home, and went to bed—after I had been in bed a little while I heard a row in the passage opposite, a scrambling and jumping about—about seven o'clock next morning I saw a boy named Robert Cuttle—he came out of the house with a hat in his hand—he had a cap on his head—in consequence of something I thought, I went over to the house, and up stairs into the first floor front room—I there found the gentleman lying on the bed, with his head cut dreadfully, and all over blood—he appeared very faint indeed, and his hair was all matted together—that prevented my seeing the sort of wound he had—I looked about, to see for his clothes, but could not find any—he had no boots, or coat, or hat—he had a waistcoat—Bassett came in, and she said it was a shame the gentleman should be used so, and then went away—I remember seeing Jane Ingram there—she said to the boy, George Cuttle, if they did not give the gentleman's clothes up she would tell the policeman—Bassett was then standing on the stairs, with a basin of hot water in her hand—she was near enough to hear what was said—she ran after Ingram, and said if she did not mind her own business, and go out of her room, she would chuck the basin of water over her—Ingram then ran into her own room, which was the front parlour of the house I lived in—Bassett and Conway, or Nolan, followed her—Nolan was standing by the front parlour window, and threatening—she was not in the room where the gentleman was—Nolan is known by the name of Conway—I did not know her by that name—I have seen her about, going on for two years at different places, but I never knew her name before—after that Wellington went for a cab.


Bassett. This man and Ingram live together; she prostitutes her body to support him; he lives at No. 9. Witness. I live at No. 11—I live in the same house with Ingram, but not in the same room—she does not support me by her prostitution.

Nolan. He has not been long out of twelve months' imprisonment. Witness. I have been in prison for thieving some sponges, and had twelve months' imprisonment—I have been out nearly nine months—I have never been in prison except that time.

M'Grath. He has had two months for thieving a coat since then. Witness. I have not, not for anything of the sort—I have not been confined at all since I came out.

Fitzgerald. Q. In what part of the court was I when you saw me alongside of the gentleman? A. In the turning of the court—there are two courts; it goes down to the bottom, and then turns another way, and it was just by that turning—Spiller was a little way behind.





JANE INGRAM
. I lived opposite No. 10, Union-court, Westminster. I was standing at the door late on Saturday night, the 11th of Feb., between one and two o'clock—I saw Bassett and Nolan take Eliza Spillard into the house No. 10, and after that they took a gentleman in—they took the girl in first—the two male prisoners followed in after the gentleman and the two women—the gentleman resisted going in, and came out again—he was dragged in afterwards—M'Grath and Fitzgerald were close behind him at that time, persuading the girls to get him in as soon as they could—I heard them tell the girls to take the gentleman up stairs, and they would be up after him—I remained at my door, and in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour I heard the cry of "Help," and "Murder," and a great scuffling and noise in the house—about five minntes after the row I saw the two male prisoners come

out of the house—M'Grath had a bundle under his arm, which appeared to me to be like a coat—(he had nothing under his arm when he went in)—M'Grath came out first, and Fitzgerald followed out after, very quickly, directly—they both went the same way together—they left the door open—I knew Fitzgerald before by sight—I had seen him about twice before, at the King's Head, in Orchard-street—about a quarter of an hour or twenty I minutes after they went away I went and showed the gentleman a light—he asked me for some water—I had none to give him—he was on the first floor landing—his head was bleeding—I looked at his head—he was wounded very much—I afterwards heard something in Bassett's room, which was the second floor front room, at the top of the house—I know the room where Wellington used to sleep—it is the first floor back room—while I was in the house, Bassett called out for me to go and mind my own business, or they would serve me the same—I did not see Spillard after she went into the house—I did not go to the end of the passage—I was afraid to stay, and went home—between seven and eight in the morning I went over again, and saw the gentleman in bed in the first floor front room—he appeared to be very weak and ill from the loss of blood—he was under the bed-clothes—I saw a little boy with a hat—I told him to give the gentleman back his hat—Bassett ran down stairs after me with a basin of hot water—I was frightened of her, went down stairs, and went to my own room—she came over, and used very threatening language—she said, if I said anything at all about it she would be the death of me—I afterwards saw the gentleman taken away in a cab with a horse-cloth on.

Basset.
Q. Do you live at No. 9, or No. 11? A. No. 9, right opposite No. 10.

M'Grath. Q. Did you see me shove the gentleman into the passage? A. No, but I saw you following close afterwards—I cannot say how you were dressed, but I think you had the same jacket you have on now.

Fitzgerald. Q. How far was I from the gentleman? A. A very few paces—it might have been half a yard—I am sure the girl went in first—I staid with the gentleman a very few minutes, because of Bassett—you had on a cap and jacket—I cannot say what coloured one, it was a dark night—the gentleman was on the first floor landing, not in the room.





JAMES BRADLEY
 (police-constable B 134.) I took Bassett into custody on the 18th of Feb., in her own room, at No. 10, Union-court, Orchard-street, Westminster—I told her I wanted her for ill-using Eliza Spillard and a gentleman in her house on the 10th—she said she knew nothing of it, she was innocent—I was at the station on the 25th of Feb., when Nolan was brought there in custody—she was wearing this bonnet, which I produce—I told her I thought she had got the prosecutrix's bonnet on—I did not know Spiller's name at that time—she said she had had it about six weeks, and she had bought it—on my way with her to the Magistrate, she said she wished she had had nothing to do with the clothes or the bonnet—I was at the Kensington police court on the 3rd of March, and received charge of M'Grath there—I said I wanted him for robbing a gentleman and a young girl in Union-court—he said he had nothing to do with it, be knew nothing of it—the little boy, Wellington, was brought in by Inspector Taylor while I was sitting by M'Grath—I had not said anything to M'Grath about Wellington or any one else being a witness against him, but when he was brought in he said, "There is a pretty boy to come to give evidence against a man—to swear against a man"—I said, "How do you know he is come to swear against you?"—he said, "Because I know he is"—on the 19th of Feb. I examined Bassett's room

after she was in custody, and found this hatchet there—it was the only weapon I could find in the room.

Bassett. He never asked me a question when he came into my room; he was not dressed as a policeman; I asked his business, he gave me no answer, but began to search the place; Lloyd rushed into my room, and swore to a young woman who was there; he said me and that young woman were the two that came to beat his old woman; this policeman did not tell me what he came for. Witness. I told her when I first went, what I took her for; there were two women in the room, the other one was let go; Lloyd was not in the room at the time; he came and gave me the information; before I went into the room he told me on the landing that both of the women were in that room, and that both lived in that room; when I got them both out, he said that one of them was not right, but having them both in custody, it was my duty to take them to the station.

M'Grath. I did not say that the boy was a pretty witness till the old gentleman, (Webster, I believe his name is, the crier that attends the Court,) said, "This is the lad that will do for you, my boy." Witness. He said nothing of the sort.





JAMES SKELTON
 (police-constable B 94.) My duty is in the neighbourhood of Westminster, and has been so nearly nine years—I have known the prisoner Fitzgerald ever since I have been in the police—I have known him in the habit of frequenting the neighbourhood of Westminster, and of using the King's Head—I was in search of him for this charge about a fortnight after it happened—I apprehended him on Wednesday afternoon last—I was not able to find him before—I had been in search of him—I found him in the back-kitchen of his mother's house, in Causton-street, Westminster, near the Penitentiary—I told him the nature of the charge—on the way to the station he said, "You need not want so many policemen to follow me—an innocent man never resists"—I thought it prudent to take six other policemen with me.





ELIZA SPILLARD

re-examined. This is my bonnet, I am sure of it; it is the one I had on on the morning of the 11th of February, and which was taken from me—the fellow bonnet is here.

Bassett's Defence. On the 11th of February I was going down the court, and heard there was a young woman at No. 7, who had been robbed of a mantle, cloak, boa, and bonnet; the young woman in the parlour told me she had lain there all night, and that two men had done it; she was robbed at No. 7. The prisoners know I never saw the woman in my life till I was taken into custody. On the 18th of February two policemen came into my room; they never said what they came about, but began to search my room. I did not know they were policemen. Jane Ingram and Lloyd swore to me and Mary Cain, a young woman who was washing in my room, and said we were the two women that beat the young woman; she directly contradicted him, and told the policeman that belongs to the Westminster division, that she had only been out of prison on the Tuesday; he said he did not think she had been out long; when they took us to the station, Lloyd went over to the fireplace to Ingram, and said, "Swear to the tail one." I asked what they had to swear to me for; they made no answer. Bradley, Mary Cain, and the young man went away all together. The inspector asked me if I knew what I was taken for; he dare say I did—I said I did not; he said, "For robbing that young woman." I said, "Where was she robbed?" he said, "In your place"—I said I knew nothing of it; I heard of John Fitz robbing a young woman at No. 7, Union-court, but I knew nothing of it.

I never saw the young woman till I was taken into custody. Nolan knows I was not there when she was robbed.

Nolan's Defence. I was not there; John Fitz is the man that did the robbery; he and her went down the court together. About half an hour afterwards I was going down the court, and met Fitz with the bonnet, mantle, and boa.

M'Grath's Defence. I know nothing of the charge, and don't know either of the prisoners now at the bar; I never saw them before. When the boy was brought to Queen-square, the man there said, laughing at me, "Here is a boy that will do for you." I never made any remark that I know of; I might, but I don't recollect it. One says I had the coat on my baok, another says in a bundle; one swears I forced the man into the passage; another says I did not do it.

Fitzgerald's Defence. Mr. Prebble states, that when he first entered the public-house in Orchard-street, he saw me, M'Grath, the two female prisoners, and Spillard, there all together; that he entered the public-house by himself. I hope you will bear that in mind, and that we applied to him for something to drink, saying we were poor, and out of work, and that he gave us 6d. or 1s. to get a pot of beer with; that he stopped there about three quarters of an hour, and went out; and as he went out, he was accosted by three women and three men; me, the prisoners, another woman, and another man. He says that Spillard was one of the women, that they enticed him down the court, and we followed him; that he did not like to go into the house; and that Bassett laid hold of the collar of his coat, and dragged him in; that M'Grath and another man shoved him up the stairs into the first floor; he states that he was in the dark till Bassett fetched a light to him, and he said, "I will give you some money to let me go out." The next witness, Spillard, swears that she met him at the Horse Guards at ten o'clock in the evening; it was at one o'clock, he says, that he came to the public-house, in Orchard-street, by himself; she says she accompanied him to an oyster room in the Strand, then to the Pine Apple, in Hungerford-market, and then to the King's Head, in Orchard-street; they called for something to drink there; she states that the two female prisoners induced him to treat them, which he did; but as for me and M'Grath she says she never saw us there; she never saw us till she was at the bottom of the court, when she was about to turn back again from the door of No. 10; she says she met us there, just by the door, and we would not let her go away; she then said the female prisoners came and forced her into the passage, and the gentleman was in the passage all the while; that we went up stairs before the gentleman, and Bassett helped the gentleman up stairs, while Nolan held her in the passage by the arm, with the door shut. The third witness, the gentleman that had the twelve months' imprisonment, then states, that he was coming home at half-past one, and saw the two female prisoners take the gentleman down the court, and then come out and take the female in, and then heard us say, "Make haste, and take him up stairs, and we will be up directly." I hope you will bear in mind that there are three different statements: the boy states nothing at all concerning me; he never saw me; and Jane Ingram states that she saw me and M'Grath come out of the house, one after the other; the gentleman states that he was in the first floor; and two other witnesses state he was in the second pair; when the prosecutor was so much in liquor when he came out of the public-house, why did he go down this court? why not refuse at first? He was intoxicated when he came out of the public-house, and after he got down to the bottom of the court, as he states, he was sober. I do not think a man can be sober when he is out drinking all the

evening from nine or ten till two o'clock in the morning. Is it likely, if I had committed a robbery in the house, that I should stop and sleep there?





JANE BENNETT
. The witness Spillard came up to my place at half-past seven o'clock in the morning—she had on all her under petticoats and her gown—she had no ring except a common ring, and beads she had none, only a penny glass necklace, and a pair of ear-rings, the value of 1d.—they sell them in the Broadway, Westminster, "Any article on this board for a penny"—she came with all on as she went out in the evening, except her bonnet, boa, border, and mantilla.

BASSETT,—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.

M'GRATH,—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

FITZGERALD,—


GUILTY
.







DEATH, 
recorded.


NOLAN,—


GUILTY

of Robbery only. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

