



1302. 




EDWARD DADSWELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of March, 35 sovereigns, and 10 half-sovereigns, the monies of 



James Moore, his master, in his dwelling-house.






JAMES MOORE
. I keep the Goldsmiths' Arms public-house, Southwark Bridge-road. The prisoner came into my service on the 2nd of March, as pot-boy—on the 28th he was employed to clean the bar—I keep my cashbox in the cupboard in the room, and he saw it that day—I went out in the afternoon for a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, and when I returned, the cash-box was on the table, where I had not left it—I replaced it in the cupboard—in the evening I went to it, and missed this gold—the key had been on the mantel-piece, in a chimney ornament, but I found it in the box—the prisoner left the house almost directly after I returned, and absconded—he had seen where the key was that day—I gave notice to the police—I missed about 40l.—I had counted the gold the night before, and had seventy-one sovereigns besides 15l. in notes—I paid none away—I found thirty-one left.





MARY MOORE
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On Saturday, the 28th of March, I had occasion to go to the cash-box while the prisoner was cleaning the window—I took a half-sovereign out, and locked the box again, and placed the key in the chimney-ornament, on the mantel-piece, put the box in the cupboard, and locked the door, but left the key in the lock—I went out, and returned in about three-quarters of an hour—the prisoner turned round and looked at me at the time I put the key away—I observed that—he left an old jacket in his bed-room when he went away—he was taken on Sunday morning—he lodged at our house.





BARTHOLOMEW KING
 (police-constable R 176.) On Monday evening, the 30th of March, the prisoner was brought to the station-house by a policeman, from Woolwich—he was locked in a cell—he knocked at the wicket of the cell-door, about ten minutes after I had been to him, and asked me if he could have any thing to eat—I said, "Yes, if you have any money"—he gave me a half-sovereign—I told the inspector, and he said, "Ask him if he has any more"—he said no—I went to him—he said the inspector of Woolwich had given him the half-sovereign to find him in provisions while he was remanded.





SARAH MOORE
. I am the prosecutor's daughter. On the 28th of March I was left in charge of the bar while they went out—nobody had access to the bar-parlour except the prisoner, while I had charge of it—he was in the bar-parlour while I went out—he could get from there into the bar—I did not notice him touch any thing.





DANIEL RIERDON
. I am a policeman. I conveyed the prisoner from the Magistrate's office to the station-house after his examination—he asked me if I knew what the Magistrate was going to do with him—I told him I did not—he asked if they were going to commit him for trial at Maidstone—he said he did not wish they would, as his poor mother lived at

Maid stone—he said, "My master has sworn I stole forty sovereigns—he has sworn false, for I took hut fifteen—it struck roe all in a moment, the key was in the box at the time, and if more has been taken out of the box, it was taken by the servant or somebody else"—I said nothing to induce e him to say this.





EDWARD PALMER
. I am a policeman. On Sunday, the 29th of March, I apprehended the prisoner at Woolwich, and found 4l. in gold, 6s. in silver, and 3 1/2 d. in copper on him—he had new clothes on, and a silver watch—he wanted me to go to his brother—I asked, while I was searching him, if that was all—he said, "I have a parcel at my brother's"—I went there—they gave me a parcel—I said, "I want the money as well"—the sister opened a box and gave me a purse containing 3l. in gold, and some silver—he told me he had paid 5l. for his clothes—I got about 7l. 7s. altogether—I did not give him the half-sovereign—I stripped him at the station-house, and found none.




GUILTY
.† Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

