



450. 




ANN DAVIS
 was again indicted

 for unlawfully obtaining goods under false pretences.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ANGELO SEDLELY
. I am shopman to Nicholas Challacombe and another, of Knightsbridge. On the 6th of Oct., the prisoner came to the shop, and said she had come from Mrs. Beecher, of No. 55, Cadogan-place, to get for Mrs. Beecher 29 yards of calico—I gave it to her, believing that she came from Mrs. Beecher—it came to 8s. or 9s.—on the 13th of Oct., she came again and said, she had come from Mrs. Beecher to get for her two damask table cloths—I believed her, and let her have two worth 17s.





JAMES RICHARDSON
. I am shopman to the prosecutors. On the 17th of Oct., the prisoner came, and said she came from Mrs. Beecher for two pairs of the best sheets, which were to be placed to Mrs. Beecher's account—I let her have them, believing her story—they were worth six guineas—Mrs. Beecher is a customer of ours, and I knew her in Mrs. Beecher's service.





MRS. CATHERINE BEECHER
. I am the wife of Robert Beecher, and lived at No. 55, Cadogan-place. I left there last Sept.—I do not think the prisoner knew my husband's name was Robert—she knew I was married, and that I dealt with Challacombe and Co.—I had employed her occasionally as an upholsteress—the last time was about nineteen months or two years ago—she was not in my employ on the 6th of Oct. in any way, and did not send her to Messrs. Challacombe's for any calico, nor on the 13th of Oct., for two damask table-cloths—nor for 28 yards of linen for sheets, on the 17th of Oct.—she did not go by my authority at any time—she knew that I was a customer of Challacombe's, as I had sent her for some trifling things when she was in my employ.





JAMES RADCLIFF CHESTER
. I am shopman to Mr. Perkins, a pawnbro-ker, in King's-road, Chelsea. I have twenty-eight yards of linen, pawned on the 17th of Oct. in the name of Mary Davis for 14s.—I cannot say who by—should have lent more if it had been asked.





JAMES RICHARDSON

re-examined. I have examined this—it corresponds exactly with what I supplied the prisoner with on the 17th.




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years—Penitentiary.

