




1584. 




HENRY WILLIAMS
 was again indicted, with 




JOHN JONES



, for stealing, at St. Paul, Shadwell, 1 coat, value 2l. 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 1l.; 1 waistcoat, 7s.; and 1 handkerchief, 6s.; the goods of 



David Watson: and 1 coat, 2l. 18s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 1l.; and 1 handkerchief, 3s.; the goods of 



John Watson, in his dwelling-house, and that Williams had been before convicted of felony.






AGNES WATSON.
 I am the wife of John Watson, and live in Mary Ann's place, Shadwell. On the 7th of June, about six o'clock, I missed two suits of clothes, with the exception of one waistcoat, all the property of David Watson, and a pair of trowsers and handkerchief of John Watson's, which I had seen safe on the sofa in my dwelling-house, between ten and eleven in the morning—I found a key in the parlour when I came home, and the things all gone—I have not seen any of them since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL.
Q. I believe you left a little boy in the house? A. Yes, my youngest son, William Bailey—he is eleven years old, he is not here.





MARY DEAN.
 I am the wife of John Dean, and live at No. 6, Leading-street, in sight of Mrs. Watson's. On the 7th of June last, between one and two in the day, I was looking out of the window—my daughter said something to me—I turned, and saw three lads, coming from Mary Ann's-place, with a large bundle, wrapped up in a reddish silk handkerchief—they came right across Mary Ann's-place, towards fox's-lane—Williams took the bundle from the one not in custody—he put it under his arm—in going along I saw something dark, like cloth, hanging out—they passed by my door, and went up Shadwell-market—about a quarter of an hour afterwards I went across the wooden bridge, and saw them on the top of the bridge—I made a stop,

and they crossed over the road, went up John-street, and across the Commercial-road—when I came to the corner of Sutton-street, I beckoned to a policeman—he did not come—I went up and told him the young men had a bundle—he said, "Where are they?"—I showed them to him—they were in sight then—he said, "I am not going that way"—I turned down towards Charles-street, and returned home—the men might have got ten or eleven yards from Mrs. Watson's house when I first saw them—Jones had the bundle first, he gave it to the man not in custody, and the prisoners walked behind, while the other went on five or six yards before them, with the bundle.





MARY ANN DEAN.
 I am the daughter of last witness. I was looking out of window on this occasion—I saw the two prisoners and another—Williams had a large bundle—he was coming from Mary Ann's-place—he had got about ten or twelve yards from Mrs. Watson's when I first saw him—I showed them to my mother—I saw them come right along Leading-street and along Shadwell-market—I am certain I saw Jones—I saw a piece of dark cloth hanging out of the bundle.

Cross-examined. Q. You first saw them at the corner of Mary Ann's-place? A. Yes—Leading-street leads out of Mary Ann's-place into Shadwell-market—you can see the top window of Mrs. Watson's house out of our back window





WILLIAM CHARLES POTTER
 (police-constable K 212.) I took the prisoners into custody on the same Monday night—I told them I wanted them on suspicion of a robbery in Fox's-lane, that occurred in the middle of the day—they said they had not been near Fox's-lane all day, and knew nothing about it

Cross-examined. Q. You searched for the property, and found none? A. No.—I examined the parlour-door, and found a key that did not belong to Mrs. Watson—when I took Jones into custody, I found on him this other key, which will undo the same door—both of the keys will fit the door—I tried them two or three times—I mentioned this before the Magistrate—my depositions were taken down, the last day, I signed them—I was not asked whether I wished to make any addition to it—I was asked if it was correct—I do not see that there is anything about the key here, but I mentioned it, and Jones said he could bring proof where the key came from—that was on the first examination.





HENRY BURWOOD.
 I produced a certificate of the prisoner Williams's former conviction—(read—Convicted Feb. 2nd, 1846, and confined six months)—he is the person.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported For Ten Years.


JONES—


GUILTY. Aged 23.—



Confined One Year.

