




1397. 




HENRY SALES
 and 




JOHN ODELL
 were indicted for

stealing 3 half-crowns, 10 shillings, and 3 sixpences, the monies of 



Thomas Garnett, from his person; and that Sales had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS GARNETT
. I am a labourer, and live in Phœnix-street, Lambeth. I know both the prisoners well—I was in the Rose and Crown, in Bridge-road, Lambeth, on the 29th of May—I had 18s. 10d. in my pocket—I fell asleep with that money in my pocket—there were three half-crowns, and shillings, and sixpences—I did not notice any one near me, but the prisoner were in the house—the publican awoke me and said he was going to torn all out of the house—Warrington spoke to me in the street—I looked and my money was gone—it had been in my left hand waistcoat pocket.

Sales. Q. Was not I sitting on the seat when you came in, and a man with a straw hat on? A. Yes.





ELEANOR ANN WARRINGTON
. I am the wife of George Thomas Warrington. I was at the Rose and Crown, and saw the prosecutor asleep—I saw Sales

with his hand in the prosecutor's left-hand waistcoat pocket—he took tome money out—he went to the door and was not gone a quarter of a minute—Odell was standing before Sales when he took the money, that no one might see him—he was doing that intentionally—Odell came to my house afterwards and threatened my life if I appeared against him—I have been in dread of my life—they are always swearing against me.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. What time was this? A. At half-past two o'clock in the morning—I was looking for my husband, who is a coal-porter—he was not there—I was sitting down, having half a pint of beer—I know Odell—we were brought up in one neighbourhood together—he was the only person I know—after I saw this there was a piece of work in the public-house, and we were all turned out—I was sober—I had one pint of beer between me and Elizabeth Leach—she was there as long as I was—she came from the same house as me—she is a single young woman—she is not here she was standing at the bar—when we were turned out I was going home, I met the prosecutor and asked if he had lost anything—he said, "No"—I told him if he felt in his left hand pocket he would miss the money, and he did—I met him against the Marsh-gate—I had been at home till two o'clock in the morning—I did not speak to anybody but to the prosecutor in coming back—I did not drink with him—he did not appear to me to be drunk—I never was in trouble.

Odell. Q. Did you see me at your house? You stated at the office that you were washing and your sister was up stairs, and you beard me? A. No—I saw you.

Odell's Defence. We were in the bouse; we saw the man come in; be bad a pint or two of beer; he had had a bit of a row with another man.





JAMES CADDY
 (police-sergeant L 20.) I produce a certificate of Sale's former conviction at Newington—(read—Convicted the 24th of Oct. 1842, and confined twelve months)—the prisoner is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you a policeman then? A. Yes—I have been at a great many trials—I made an entry of his conviction—I have been in the habit of seeing him day and night both since and before.

SALES—


GUILTY
. † Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


ODELL—


GUILTY
. * Aged 19.—



Confined Eighteen Months.

