



1742. 




JOHN MORGAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of May, at 


St. Marylebone, 3 spoons, value 1l.; 2 rings, 10s.; 1 seal, 10s.; 1 snuffbox, 4s.; 1 box, 5s.; and 36 sovereigns; the goods of 



Thomas Stevenson, his master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS STEVENSON
. I am a surgeon, and live in Edgeware-road, in the parish of St. Marylebone. The prisoner was in my employ for about two months as a sort of supernumerary assistant—I was left executor to a lady named Williams, and in that capacity I received the property named in the indictment, and some deeds, which I placed in a deed-box in a cupboard in my consulting-room; the key of the box was also placed in the cupboard, of which I kept the key—I placed it there on the 15th, and saw it safe there on the 16th—the prisoner had no right to go to that cupboard—on the morning of the 17th I went to my surgery, about half-past eleven o'clock, and found the prisoner gone, the cupboard unlocked, the bolt of the lock half shut, as if it had been tampered with, and marks of violence on the top of the cupboard, as if the door had been wrenched open with the finger—the door was elastic, you could get your hand into the cupboard—the deed-box was gone—I gave information, and the case was advertised in the Hue and Cry—on the same evening I received, by the Parcels Delivery Company, the deed-box, locked up, containing the deeds—I afterwards received information that the prisoner was in custody at Dover—the property now produced is what I saw safe in the deed-box on the 16th—I have received letters from the deceased with the impression of this seal—I reside at this house occasionally—I have two servants there.





EDWARD CHARLES TORRELL
. I am superintendent of the police at Dover. On Sunday morning, the 21st of May, in consequence of information, I found the prisoner in a state of intoxication in a brothel—I took him to where I ascertained he lodged, that his landlord might take care of him—I afterwards found this property on him—by reference to the Hue and Cry I suspected he had stolen it, and brought him up to London—I found all this property on his person—he gave no account of himself, he would not say anything.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Ten Years.

