



865. 




NATHANIEL SHIELDS
 was again indicted

 for feloniously uttering, on the 
30th of Jan., a forged request for the delivery of goods, with intent to defraud 



John Lloyd, and another.






WILLIAM WATKINS LLOYD
. I am clerk to my cousins, John and Francis Lloyd, Snow-hill. On the 13th of Jan. the prisoner came to their shop and presented this order, and said he had come up to town with Dancer's wagon

—that the wagon had made an extra journey that week to bring some goods to the West-end of the town, the horses were tired, having been to town the day before, and as the wagon would not come into the City, we must send the goods up to the West-end—Essex and Robertson are customers of ours—(order read)—"Mr. Little, Snowhill. Please send per Dancer 1/4 cwt. super. shag, 7lbs. negrohead, 7lbs. bogie-roll, for Essex and Robinson, High Wycombe."—He said he must have the goods directly, and would take them with him, and in the mean time would go and get a bit of dinner, and come back when it was ready—he came back—the young man was marking the parcel—I entered a form of receipt in the book, which he signed in the name of Dancer, and took the goods with him, which were worth 8l. odd—I have never seen them since—I am certain of him—he took a covering off his head when he came into the counting-house, and my belief is, it was the same peculiar cap he has now—I have not the slightest doubt of him—here is the receipt which he signed.





GEORGE WILLIS
. I am foreman to Mr. Essex, who trades under the firm of Essex and Robinson, High Wycombe. I manage the business, and always write the orders to London for goods—Mr. Essex never writes an order—this order was not written by me, nor anybody connected with our house—it is not Mr. Essex's—Dancer's wagon comes down twice a week—I never knew the prisoner, and did not receive these goods.





THOMAS ESSEX
. I trade under the firm of Essex and Robinson, of High Wycombe, the business having been his once—I do not interfere with it, but leave it all to the foreman—I know nothing of this order—it is not the writing of anybody in my employ—I never authorised the prisoner to get the goods—about five weeks ago I was standing at my shop door, and the prisoner asked me for a Mr. Stewart in the tobacco trade—I said I knew no such man, that we traded with Rappen and Co.—he said, "Anybody else?"—I said, "Yes, Messrs. Lloyds"—he said he wanted to see Stewart, he thought he must be the traveller for their house, and asked their address—I said, "Snow-hill"—I am certain he is the man—he stood talking with me about ten minutes, and had a black cloth cap on—he is not connected with Dancer's wagon.

Prisoner. I am not the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

