






1369. 




HENRY JOLLY
 was indicted for

stealing 2 1/2 yards of fustian, value 6s.; 2 yards of beaver, 1l. 4s.; 1 yard of woollen-cloth, 14s. 6d.; 2 yards of kerseymere, 16s.; 10 yards of alpaca, 1l. 5s.; 2 yards of silk serge, 5s.; 2 yards of gambroon, 5s.; 1 1/4 yard of drill, 3s.; 48 buttons, 5s.; 1/2 yard of velvet, 10s.; 6 yards of holland, 4s.; 1 saw, 1s.; the 24 pieces of printed paper, 6d.; 6 quires of writing-paper, 3s.; and 24 envelopes, 1s.; the goods of 



John Newling, his master: and 




WILLIAM JOLLY
,




MARY ANN JOLLY
, and 




PHEBE JOLLY



, for feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


HENRY JOLLY pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Twelve Months.






JOHN NEWLING
. I am a tailor, and live in the Commercial-road—Henry Jolly was in my employ for several months, and I discharged him—I got an officer, and went to William Jolly's house, where all the prisoners live—I saw Phebe who is Henry's mother, and Mary Ann Jolly, who is his sister—I asked if Henry was at home? his mother said he was not—I asked if I could see his new great coat which he had, and which was made out of two yards of cloth—his mother said it was in his own box, which was locked—his sister went up stairs—I saw her break open his box, and there we found the great coat, which was made of the two yards of cloth which he stole from me—in his box we found, belonging to me, three

short lengths of black silk velvet—we then examined a box, which the mother said was the box of Mary Ann Jolly, who was I believe gone at that time to fetch her father, William Jolly—in that box, which I think was not locked, we found a laventine scarf, two duplicates, and some few buttons—while the daughter was gone to fetch the father, we opened a small box, in which the father kept his private papers—(he stated that it was his)—and in that we found two dozen of my bill-heads—a chest was then opened, which contained the father's and mother's clothes, and in it we found a dress made of Alpaca cloth, which I had lost a considerable deal more than ten yards of, and also a pair of trowsers, made of stuff which I have a piece of here—while we were thus looking, William Jolly, the father, came in, and he solemnly declared that no person was allowed to touch his box in which the bill-heads had been found—that box was not locked—we found a small handsaw of mine under the stairs below, and a small telescope, which was in the looking-glass drawer, in the lower room—I do not know who slept in that room—we found a number of small things belonging to me in various parts of the house—I found my property in almost every cupboard and drawer and box that we opened—I think the whole amount of my loss is 50l. or 60l.—I think William Jolly is a flax-dresser—Mary Ann Jolly, I believe, makes slop waistcoats, or is a dressmaker—she said her brother had made her a present of this laventine dress—this is the dress—there is about four yards of what we call laventine silk in it—I believe she has only worn it about one sabbath—I have examined this, and the whole of the things—I believe they are all mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. What means have you of judging of this silk dress or scarf? A. I have lost some, and I have brought a pattern from mine which exactly matches it—Henry has been with me several months—I have given him two suits of clothes—I think the last was about a month before I discovered this—I know he said that my son Tudor promised him a great coat, but I questioned my son about it, and he was astonished at it.





THOMAS COBLEY
 (police-constable K 65.) I went to the prisoner's house, proceeded up stairs, and found a box of Henry Jolly's—the next box to that was one which the daughter said was hers, and the mother said so also—in that I found this scarf, and some satin for a bonnet, in the same box, and four duplicates—one of them is for a gown—in a box which the father and mother said was theirs, I found this Alpaca dress—in the small box containing writings, which was the father's, I found these bills—I looked in different cupboards, and other places down stairs, and found a number of articles, whieh I produce—I asked the father how he accounted for these articles being in his house—he said he knew nothing about them—he said he had seen the bill-heads in his box, and had spoken to his son about them, and he said they were no consequence—I asked Mary Ann Jolly how she accounted for these things being in pawn—she said they were gowns belonging to her, that some of them had been given to her—but she did not say by whom, and some were purchased—I asked how she accounted for the scarf, she said it was given her by her brother, who told her he had purchased it cheap—I asked how she accounted for the possession of the silk for the bonnet, she said it was part of the silk that the scarf was made of—I asked her mother how she came by the Alpaca dress, she said she had purchased it for mourning.


MR. BALDWIN
to
JOHN NEWLING. Q. Are there any means by which you can tell that this Alpaca dress was ever your property? A. I believe it is, and I have a piece to match it—there has been a large quantity of it made lately, but they are not of like shades—the one I have is of a shade like this dress—I missed ten yards out of my shop off a new piece, which had not been in the house above three weeks—it was similar to this, and this perfectly matches with the bit I produce as a sample—I bought it of a draper—there is no reason to believe he had not plenty more of it.





WILLIAM HACKET SHAW
 (police sergeant K 2.) I took Henry Jolly into custody—I was present when the prisoner's house was searched, and Mary Ann Jolly was taken—I found a number of buttons in a drawer of the dressing-case, which Henry Jolly had the key of, and two duplicates—one was of a gown which Phœbe Jolly said was her own gown—it was not shown to her—she only said it from the description.





JAMES CHARLES BENNETT
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce the brown gown and a black Polka dress—I took them both in of Phœbe Jolly.





JOHN NEWLING

re-examined. I have lost six yards of black gambroon precisely like this Polka dress.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there not much gambroon? A. Yes—it is about half a crown a yard—I will swear this brown gown was mine—here is a bit I cut off my piece—it is called brown figured Verona—it is from 15d. to 18d. a yard—it is lined with what we line waistcoats with.





JOSEPH GREGORY
. I am assistant to Mr. Dexter, a pawnbroker. I have a remnant of camlet pawned by two females in the name of Ann Jolly—I cannot swear to either of the prisoners as being the females.

WILLIAM JOLLY—


NOT GUILTY
.

MARY ANN JOLLY—



GUILTY. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy.
—




Confined Six Months.


PHOEBE JOLLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 49.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There were three other indictments against Henry Jolly, one against Phoebe, and one against Mary Ann Jolly, for robbing the prosecutor, who stated his loss at 50l. or 60l.)
