




3011. 




MARY PRENTICE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of Sept., 15 shillings, 1 10l. and 1 5l. Bank note, the monies of 



John Tyrer, from his person.






JOHN TYRER
. I am a seaman. I got paid at St. Katharine's Docks, on the 20th of Sept—I had a 10l. and a 5l. Bank note—about twelre o'clock that day, I met the prisoner in Ratcliffe-highway—I was going home, and fell in with a young woman named Gifford, at the corner of King David-lane, before I met the prisoner—the prisoner got into our company at the Coach and Horses—we had something to drink—I, a young man, Gilford, and the prisoner went from there up the Commercial-road—the young man would not let me buy Gifford a pair of boots—they got quarrelling, and Gilford tore his face—he went for a policeman—I, Gifford, and the prisoner went on—a gentleman came up, and insisted upon having a policeman to take them from me—the policeman came, and took Gifford away, and drove the prisoner away—I turned down the street, and was going home—I happened to put my hand into my pocket, and found the two notes right, and about 15s. in the other pocket—I had not walked far before the prisoner met me again in another street, and took me to a house in King David Fort—we went up stain, and stopped there a little while—she sent for half a pint of rum, and gave me a glass—after I had taken it I fell senseless on the bed, and remained senseless about three hours—I awoke about ten o'clock, or half-past, when the servant came up with a light, and asked if it was time to get up—I said, "Where is the young woman that came in with me?"—she said, "She has been gone these three hours"—I had seen my money safe about a quarter of an hour before I went to the house—we went right straight to the house—the prisoner did not become insensible—I have not found my money—I do not recollect any thing that occurred in the room—I was there about half an hour before I had the rum—I was sitting talking on the side of the bed—no one came into the room during that half hour.

Prisoner. What he drank he had before he went into the house—we were all tipsy together. Witness. I am sure I had something in that house.





MARY GONSALVAGE
. I have a house in King David Fort—the prisoner and the prosecutor came there on the 20th of Sept.—they were both of them fresh—they were up stairs about half an hour—the prisoner then brought down the servant a half-crown, 1s. for the accommodation of the room, 1s. to get some drink, and 6d. to be returned—I fetched half a pint of rum—the servant took it up—in about half an hour the prisoner came down, and said she was going to get a drop of beer, and then at ten o'clock, I heard the prosecutor walking up and down the room—the servant took up a light, put it up in the room, and left—the prosecutor came down with the light, and sat in a chair two or three minutes—he said, "I have a 6d. that has never been spent, will you have something to drink?"—the servant and he went out—he did not mention about the loss of his money—no one came into the house but the prisoner and the prosecutor—I can swear my servant did not go up stairs between seven and ten—we were sitting in our own room playing at cards—I expected the prisoner would have come back.





JOHN NICHOLAS
 (police-sergeant K 1.) I apprehended the prisoner in Twine-court—I told her she must go with me to the station, for robbing a man of 15l. the night before—she said she had been with no man the night before—I found three half-crowns, 1s. 6d., and 4d. in copper on her—I asked what she had got, and she said 5s.—I went to the place where the prisoner lived, and received a gown and a silk handkerchief—I did not see the prosecutor till the next morning—the notes have not been traced.





EDWARD JACKMAN
. I am barman at the Albion. About one o'clock in

the morning of the 21st of Sept., the prisoner came there for some ginger beer—she paid with 1s. first, and then I changed a sovereign for her.





HUGH HENRY CHAPMAN
. I am foreman to Mr. Child, a pawnbroker, in High-street, Shadwell. I sold this gown and handkerchief, on the 21st of Sept., for 7s. 6d., to two women, about the same stature as the prisoner and Gifford.





ELIZABETH GIFFORD
. Between ten and eleven o'clock, on the night of the 20th of Sept., I found the prisoner at the corner of the Match-walk—I had heard something—she went home, and went to bed at the house I lived at—she got up the next morning, and we bought these things at the pawnbroker's—about eleven she told me she had robbed the man, but she did not say how much of—she showed me two sovereigns, and paid for some liquor with a sovereign—I took the gown and handkerchief home for her—she told me to take them home while she went to the Duke of York—she went to Ratcliff-cross, and gave me 6s. 6d.—I saw no more of her till the same night—she said she took a 5l. note, a 10l. note, a sovereign, and some silver from the man—I asked what she had done with them—she said, she went to Mr. Brown's, a public-house, in Brook-street, to change the notes, and she gave him two sovereigns for each note—I did not change a sovereign in the Commercial-road that night.





JOHN TYRER
. I did not mention my loss at Gonsalvages, because I thought the prisoner would be caught sooner—I had my hand in my pocket almost all the way down to the house—I am sure I had my money safe when I went into the house—I had no sovereign, only the two notes and 15s.

Prisoner's Defence. I and Gifford were together; she asked the prosecutor to give her something to drink; we went with him, and had some gin; they then went away, leaving me there; in half an hour they all returned, and he paid for half a pint of gin; then a dispute arose, and we left, and went to another house, and had some more; we then went to the North Pole and had more; Gifford asked him to buy her a pair of shoes; he said he would; we then went to the Robart's Arms, and had half a pint of beer; the prosecutor gave the landlord a sovereign; he brought the change; the prosecutor dropped some; Gifford picked it up, and put it into her bosom; I then left; the prosecutor overtook me, and we went to a house in Church-road; he gave me 3s. 6d.; I went up stairs and found him lying on the bed, asleep; I sat on a chair and slept for an hour; I went down, saw the landlady, and told her I was going; I then saw Gifford, and asked what she had done with the money she had picked up; she said she did not know, she supposed she had lost it; the prosecutor gave two other women in charge; I slept with Gifford that night, and before that a gentleman gave me a sovereign.

Witnesses for the Defence.






ELIZABETH WATTS
. Between one and two o'clock, on the 19th of Sept., the prosecutor, his brother-in-law, and a policeman, came to my door—the policeman was looking through the key-hole—I said, "What do you want?"—I opened the door, and the prisoner was sitting down in my place—the prosecutor said, "I want a woman named Betsy "—I said, "She is not here"—the prisoner said, "Won't I do as well?"—he said, "No, I want nothing to do with you"—he was perfectly sober—he took a candle, and said, "May be Gifford is in the cupboard"—he said she was not there—he then said to Fowler, "If you will go and fetch her, I will give you 5s. for your trouble"—they went off together—the prosecutor and Gifford slept in my house together that night, and went out together to get their breakfast—Fowler went with them—Fowler came back, and Gifford was taken some time afterwards.





ELIZABETH GIFFORD

re-examined. I was in Watts's house, in bed, and

asleep—I left the prosecutor; and went home to bed—Mrs. Watts came and said the prisoner had robbed my young man—I went, and told her—she said, "Never mind."





MARGARET FOWLER
. On the 19th the prosecutor came with the policeman, and his brother-in-law, to the house, and said he wanted Betsy Gifford—he had one or two more taken up, and said we knew something about the money.





JOHN NICHOLAS

re-examined. The prosecutor gave information, but could not give the girl's name—two or three were taken, and when he saw them, he said they were not the girls.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.

