



287. 




CORNELIUS SWEENEY
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Perceval, on the 
7th of Dec., at 
Rotherhithe, and stealing therein 5 spoons, value 7s. 6d.; and 1 pair of sugartongs, 6d.; his property: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GRACE PERCEVAL
. I am the wife of Richard Perceval—we live in Lynx's-cottages, Queen-street, Rotherhithe—it is in the parish of Rotherhithe—these spoons and tongs are mine—I have had them rather better than twelve months, and my name is on them—they were kept in a glass mug on the table in the parlour—I saw them safe on Saturday, the 7th of Dec., on the table in the front room, between eleven and twelve—I went out into the yard for about five minutes—I came in again, and shut the door—I left the key in the door, outside—it was fastened on the springlock—there is a front window which was shut and fastened—I heard a noise, which I thought was the cat—I went to see, and found the prisoner in the act of leaving the parlour, and the street-door was then open—he threw the spoons down, and in getting to the gate of the yard he threw me down—some men caught him—I had noticed the door of the house just before, and I am sure it was shut, and the key was outside—it could only have been opened by the key—when the prisoner was brought back

he said it was his first offence, that he was a poor lad in distress, and wished to be forgiven.





MARY BAGGOTT
. I am the wife of John Baggott. I live in the next cottage to the prosecutor—I saw Mrs. Perceval running on that day—I ran out, and fell over the spoons and tongs—I took them up and gave them to her.





THOMAS WEST
 (police-constable M 249.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace of Surrey——( read—Convicted on the 23rd Oct., 7th Vict., and imprisoned twelve months)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY

of stealing only. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
