




2280. 




JAMES ASHLEY



, burglary in the dwelling-house of 



Susannah Duval, and stealing 3 half-crowns, and other moneys, her property having been before convicted.






SUSANNAH DUVAL
. I am a widow, and keep a chandler's-shop in Devonshire-road, Chiswick. On 24th Sept. I fastened up my house—the parlour window was fastened with a catch—it is above a garden at the back of my house—it had been mended with putty, the removal of which would enable a person to open the catch—I found it open next morning, about half-past six, and I missed from my till about thirty-rive shillings—there were half-crowns, and about five shillings worth of pence and halfpence—a ladder was put against the back fence, which was not its place—I saw the policeman compare some boots with some marks in the mould—they were put down by the side of the marks and made the same marks exactly—a piece of candle was thrown in the garden amongst some shrubs.





CHARLES BUTLER
 (police-sergeant, T 1). I was sent fur by the prosecutrix, and I saw distinct marks of two men across two gardens to the place where a square of glass had been taken out and an entrance made—I had suspected the prisoner and I took him—I took his boots off, took them to the gardens, and made impressions with them which so corresponded with the others as to satisfy me that the original marks were made by them—I found on him half-a-crown, two shillings, and twopence in copper—there were the marks of another plain shoe, which was a longer foot than this.





ZALLAH COLTON
. I keep a second-hand clothes shop. On the morning of the 25th of Sept. the prisoner came to my shop to purchase a shirt—he paid tenpence in copper for it and a sixpence.





GEORGE WILLIAM BROWN
. I went into the Jolly Gardeners on the evening of 24th Sept.—the prisoner came in and asked me to pay for a pint of beer for him—he said he would be sure and pay me on Monday morning, the 25th—he stayed there till about five minutes to eleven—he then went out the back way—I saw him next morning about a quarter past seven—he pulled out a halfpenny and two farthings, and said, "This is all I have got, and here comes a man that wants it; but don't be afraid, I will be sure and pay you to-day."

Prisoner. I went to the Jolly Gardeners on Sunday night, and was there till a quarter past seven on Monday morning.





CHARLES BUTLER

re-examined. He never slept in the house—he might have slept in a shed at the back—he was taken about eight o'clock in the morning—there were marks of candle-grease inside the house and outside, and some lucifers—I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted July, 1848, and confined two months)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
