



436. 




ALFRED EAMES
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a forged request for the delivery of a looking-glass, with intent to defraud 



William Barker.






JAMES WHEATLEY
. I am going on for fourteen years old. On Tuesday evening, the 17th of Dec., I was returning from Hoxton Old Town, and met the prisoner at the Wool pack, in Kingsland-road Not I had not known him before, but am sure he is the person Not he said, "My lad, if you will take this note to Mr. Barker's, in the Hackney-road, I will give you a penny" Not I took the note to Mr. Barker's—the prisoner followed me—I went into Mr. Barker's shop—he walked up and down while I went

in—he told me to wait for an answer, if I got any answer I was to meet him at the corner of Thomas-street—I took the note into the shop, and gave it to Mr. Barker—he gave me a looking-glass after he had read the note—I took it to the bottom of Thomas-street—the prisoner was walking up and down—he came up to me, and I gave him the looking-glass—he said he wanted it for one of his customers—he afterwards gave me the glass again at the bottom of Maria-street—I carried it as far as Mr. Howes, the pawnbroker's, in Kingsland-road, and gave it him again there—I did not see whether he went into Mr. Howes's shop—I saw him afterwards without the glass.





WILLIAM BARKER
. I am a cabinet-maker, and live in the Hackney-road. On the 17th of Dec. Wheatley came to me with this note, signed, "William Ranger," who is a customer of mine—I gave a looking-glass to Wheatley, in consequence of reading the note.





WILLIAM RANGER
. I am a customer of Mr. Barker's. This note is not my handwriting—I did not authorize the prisoner to obtain a lookingglass for me—I have a slight knowledge of him—he once worked for one of my carvers in the shop, and would know that I did business with Mr. Barker.

Prisoner. Q. How was I to know that? A. You went with my apprentice backwards and forwards to Mr. Barker's with the truck—the apprentice has told me that you frequently went with him.





WILLIAM HOWES
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in the Kingsland-road. This looking-glass was pawned with me on the evening of the 17th of Dec., by the prisoner.

Prisoner. It is false.





WILLIAM BARKER

re-examined. This is my glass—my private mark is at the back of it.





JOHN NEALE
 (police-constable N 66.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 18th of Dec., and took him to the station—the inspector told him he was charged with obtaining a number of looking-glasses by means of forged orders—he said, "How can I forge orders when I cannot write?"—I once saw the prisoner write his name—I cannot tell whether this order is his writing—(the order was here read.)

Prisoner. I am not in a fit state to make a defence.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
