




2113. 




BENJAMIN EASTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of January, 1 leather dog-collar, value 5s., the goods of the 




Honourable Henry Charles Fitzroy Somerset, commonly called the Marquis of Worcester.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 



Henry Charles Somerset, Esq.—3rd COUNT, of a person unknown.


MR. BODKIN. conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS HALL
. I am in the employ of Mr. Orme, a botcher, in Munster-street, Regent's-park—my master's house is near the barracks. I bow a dog belonging to the Marquis of Worcester—about nine o'clock in the morning, on the 27th of June, I saw that dog at my master's—it then had a collar on—I had noticed that collar before*—it had on it the name of the Marquis of Worcester, 1st life Guards—I was caressing the dog on the Doming of the 27th, and I saw the prisoner standing near the curb-stone—he said if I did not mind the dog would have something off the block—I said I did not think he would, as I knew the dog before—in two or three minutes I noticed the dog go away, and the prisoner follow him—the; went towards the New-road—I was going on with my business, but continued to watch them—I had them in sight about ten minutes—I lost light of them first by their going into Clarence-gardens—I saw them come out on the other side, and the dog was following the prisoner—I could not see at that distance how the dog acted, but I had before seen the dog pleated with the prisoner, and look in his face and wag its tail—I know a butcher of the name of Matthews—I saw the dog go inside his shop, and the prisoner waited outside—the dog came out, and they went on together till I lost sight of them—I could not see whether the dog bad the collar on when they came out of Clarence-gardens.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How far is Mr. Matthews's from your shop? A. About two hundred yards—it is on the same side, and before yon come to Clarence-gardens—the dog was in Matthews's shop fire or ten minutes—I saw the dog and the prisoner leave together—I never saw the prisoner, to my knowledge, before—I was standing at our door when the dog came up to me, and I caressed it—I can swear the prisoner is the man.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How soon afterwards did you see the prisoner again? A. The next day, in custody—this is the dog—(looking at it.)





HENRT BENSON
. I am in the service of Mr. Orme. I remember seeing Thomas Hall caressing this bitch that morning—I saw the prisoner there, and he said, "If you don't mind, the bitch will have something off the block"—after that I saw the bitch go away, and the prisoner followed her—I watched them as far as Clarence-gardens, and they came out on the other side—I saw the dog go into Mr. Mathews's, and the prisoner waited outside—they then went on towards the New-road—that is in a direction towards Bagnigge-wells-road.





JAMES RICHARD WILSON HOWSON
. I live in Munster-street, Regent's Park. On the morning of the 27th of June I was looking from my window—I noticed this bitch following the prisoner—I saw it stop, and the prisoner stopped, but it was at the second butcher's shop from me, and there was a blind which prevented my seeing what they did—I am positive the prisoner is the man that was with the dog.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you speaking of the blind at Matthews's? A. Yes—it was a canvas blind—I saw the dog go there.





HON. HENEY CHARLES FITZROY SOMERSET
, Marquis of Worcester. I am the son of the Duke of Beaufort. This dog is mine—it is worth

about 50l.—it always had a collar on, engraven, "Marquis of Worcester, First Life Guards"—it was a broad leather strap, with a brass plate on it and a buckle—it was worth 7s.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am in the First Regiment of Life Guards, and am groom to the Marquis of Worcester. I know this bitch; I am in the habit of taking care of her—she had a collar on on the morning of the 27th of June, on which was engraven, "Marquis of Worcester, First Life Guards."





RICHARD BAYLIS
. I am a messenger to the Clerkenwell police-court There was a complaint of the loss of a dog on the 27th of June, and, in consequence of information, I went to the prisoner's house in Charlotte-street, Bagnigge-wells-road, about twelve o'clock that day—I knocked, and a woman opened the door—I went into the parlour, and found this dog there—this leather strap was round the dog's neck, and chained to the bedstead—I looked about the place for the collar with the Marquis of Worcester's name on, but could not find it—the prisoner was not at home—I waited till about half-past two or a quarter to three o'clock; he then came home, and I took him—"I said, "This is a bad job, Ben, I have found a dog here belonging to the Marquis of Worcester"—he said, "It was brought here by a strange man."

Cross-examined. Did you know him before, and know that he lived there? A. Yes—several other persons live in the house—the prisoner only keeps the parlour, at least he says so—I was in his room once before, and then I saw him there—that is about two months ago—I know he once lived in Weston-place, Pan eras-road.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.
