





824. 




JOHN MILLER,



 EDWARD CARTER
, and 




ALEXANDER TOWNSEND
, were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Bohag, on the 
13th of February, and stealing therein, 22 printed books, value 2s. 6d.; and 2 prints, value 6d.; the goods of said Charles Bohag.






SUSANNAH BOGAG
. I am the wife of Charles Bohag, and keep a shop in Sumner-street, Chelsea—it is our dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Luke. On Thursday evening, the 13th of February, about half-past six o'clock, I heard a noise at the window, and drove some boys away from the window—it was the prisoners, I am certain—I never saw them before, but I saw them through the window, and told them to go away—the constable

about five minutes afterwards came and gave me information, and I missed about twenty-four books from the show-board inside the window, which was shut—I had seen it shut half-an-hour before they came to the window—I heard the window crack before I sent them away, but heard nothing afterwards—these books are ours—(looking at them)—they were safe that evening.





WILLIAM AUSTIN
. I live in Yeoman's-row, Brompton. On Thursday evening, the 13th of February, about half-past six o'clock, I was along with the prisoners, near the prosecutor's—they said they were going somewhere, and asked me if I would go with them—I said I would, and we went to Mr. Bohag's, opened the window, and took the books—we all took some—we put them into a bag, went round into King's-road, and divided them—I took my share home, and they took theirs home—they gave me a valentine, and my little brother a "Red Rover"—Townsend gave me that as a share, and I went home—one of them came to me, and told me they had been crabbed, which means they were caught at it—when we took the books we went round to Mr. Haines's, in King's-road, and a little boy took out some balls of worsted.





JAMES BRADLEY
 (police-constable B 134.) I went and took the prisoners into custody—I found a valentine on Austin, another on Carter, and one on Austin's younger brother.





JAMES SMITH
 (police-constable B 50.) I searched Miller's house, and found under the bed a blue bag, containing some books and 22 prints—I went to Carter's, but found nothing there, or at Townsend's.

Miller's Defence. I bought some of the books in King's-road.

Carter's Defence. All that Austin has said is false—the others know I was not at the window at all—Austin took the books.

MILLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 11.

CARTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 11.

TOWNSEND*—



GUILTY. Aged 13. of stealing only.






Transported for Seven Years.—Isle of Wight.

