




35. 



THOMAS JOHNSON
 and 




MARY ANN EKE



, for a robbery on 



Allen Hembrow, and stealing 1 watch, value 2l. 18s., his goods.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






ALLEN HEMBROW
. I live at Devenport-mews, Bayswater, and am a groom out of a situation. About eight in the evening of 30th Oct. I was with a friend in Westminster, and met a young woman called Emma; I do not know her other name—I went with her to No. 1, Duck-lane, Westminster, and had some gin and beer with her and Eke—while there I missed a handkerchief out of my coat-pocket, but I did not take any particular notice of

that—Eke went out of the room three or four times while I was there—after she came in the last time the prisoner Johnson and a boy came in—Eke asked me in Johnson's presence to stand some drink—there was no light in the room at that time—there had been a candle, but it was out—there was no fire—I told my friend I had no more money, and asked him to go out and fetch some drink—he went—the prisoners remained in the room—Eke came and caught hold of my left arm and felt me—I thought she was after my watch, and I broke my guard and put the watch into my right hand coat-pocket, keeping it in my hand—she said to Johnson, "Tom, the watch is in his coat-pocket"—I immediately took it out and put it into my right trowsers-pocket—Johnson came up and tore my pocket—he got hold of my hand—I bit Eke's fingers as she had got hold of my left arm—Johnson bit my thumb and made me leave go of my watch, and got it away after twisting me about the room—the seals were broken off, and fell on the floor—he escaped with the watch—Eke pulled me back on the bed and held me there till the man escaped—she then escaped herself—I locked the door till the policeman came, and called, "Police!" and "Murder!"—when the policeman came I saw him pick up the seals close against the door and the guard at the other end of the room—I was sober—I know Johnson to be the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENJDERGAST. Q. During the greater part of the time, as I understand, you were in the dark? A. We were, nearly all the time—I went to the house about eight o'clock, and this happened about half-past eleven—I did not see Johnson again till the following Thursday—he left his hat in the room—it was knocked off in the scuffle—I afterwards saw it on. Johnson's head—it did not come over his eyes or appear too large for him—I had never seen him before the night of the robbery.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How long was he in the room altogether with you? A. About ten minutes—I recognised him again immediately I saw him on the Thursday—there was no light in the room while he was in it; but a light shone in at the window full on his face, and I can swear to him.

Eke. Q. You said the man that did the robbery had whiskers? A. No I did not—I did not send you out for ale—you were on the bed with me—I lighted the candle three or four times, and as fast as I lighted it you blew it out—I bit your finger while you held my arm—I did not pinch it in your trying to get in at the door—I was never in the house before—my friend has been there—I have seen you once or twice before at the Queen's Head.





WILLIAM KNEEBONE TRIBBLECOCK
. I am a carpenter, and live in Edward-street, Dorset-square. I was with Hembrow on the evening of 30th Oct., about eight o'clock, and met a female called Emma, who lives with Eke—I went with her to 1, Duck-lane, and there saw Eke—we remained there till nearly eleven—a knock came—to the door while I was in the room, and a man and a boy came in—they remained about two or three minutes—I then went out for some ale—I had not been gone two or three minutes when I heard my friend hallooing "Murder!" and "Police!"—I got a policeman and went with him back to the house in about five minutes after I had left it—the man and boy were then gone—we found Eke there—I could not recognise the features of the man that was in the room—it was in the dark—I know that Hembrow had his watch when he went into the house.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you knew this girl's friend very well? A. Not long—I had seen her several times before, and my friend knew her by seeing her at Paddington—I saw the hat found—I did not see it put on Johnson—I thought the man that was in the room was taller than Johnson—I do not believe Johnson is the man.


Eke. Q. You have known me a long time, and have come to see me ever since I left service? Witness. I have know you a good while, and never knew anything against your honesty before.





RICHARD COUSINS
 (policeman, B 30). About eleven o'clock on the night of 30th Oct., I was in Peter-street, and heard cries of "Police!" and "Murder!"—I went to 1, Duck-lane and met Eke at the door—she said, "I think you are wanted up-stairs"—I said, "You had better accompany me, as it is in your own room"—we went up—the door was fastened—I knocked, and on my saying "Police," it was opened, and the prosecutor was inside—when he saw Eke he said, "I shall give her in charge for stealing my watch"—she said, "D----you, you have bit my finger, and that is quite sufficient"—I found a key, seal, this little strap, and a foreign piece, close to the door, and this guard near the window—the carpets were turned upside down and the poker lying in the middle of the room.





MARK LOOME
 (police-sergeant, B 11). From information I received, I went in search of Johnson on Thursday, 2nd Nov., and found him at the White Horse, Orchard-street, Westminster, with ten or twelve others, several of whom I knew—I called him out of the tap-room, and told him he was charged, with a female, with stealing a watch from 1, Duck-lane—he said he knew nothing about it, it was d—d hard to suffer for other people—I think he said he had not been to the house where the robbery was committed since Sunday—I had seen him before—he is called Tom—I have never seen him with whiskers—another man has been apprehended since—both the prisoners said that was the person—I believe his name is Tom, but as soon as the prosecutor saw him he said he was not the man—he had very small whiskers—I am not aware that he lived in the house; Johnson's brother did.





ALLEN HEMBROW

re-examined. I have seen the other man that has been taken up—it was not him that robbed me—it was Johnson.

Eke's Defence. At the time the policeman met me I had come from the back parlour, hearing some one run down stairs; the policeman said, "What is the matter, Poll?" I said, "You are wanted up stairs;" I went up with him, and the prosecutor said to me, "I know you have sent the men up to rob me;" I know the man that had the watch, he lived in the next room to me; I was not in the room at the time the robbery was committed; it was all done in a minute; Johnson was never in my room; a person came to me at the House of Detention, and said that the man who lived in the next room to me had the watch; I wanted it to be returned; I have known the prosecutor since I left service; he says he was never in the house before, but I have a witness to prove he has repeatedly visited me on a Sunday evening, and that I was in the parlour when the robbery happened.





CHARLES MOODY
. I have not seen Hembrow at the house, but I have seen Tribblecock there several times—the prosecutor described to me the man that had robbed him as having sandy whiskers, and said that he lived up stairs, and he had drunk with him on another occasion in the room—I do not keep the house now—I gave it up on account of this occurrence—only two unfortunate women lived there.

MRS. TATE. Eke did not come into my parlour on the night of the robbery, to my knowledge.

EKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


JOHNSON—


NOT GUILTY
.
