




1046. 




WILLIAM MATHIE
 and 




JOSEPH HOOD
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 purse, value 1s., 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 1 sixpence, and 1 10l. bank-note, the property of 



Richard Cobden; from the person of 



Catherine Ann Cobden; and that Hood bad been before connoted of felony.






CATHERINE ANN COBDEN
. I am the wife of Richard Cobden, and live at No. 12, Alpha-road, Regent's-park. On Thursday, the 7th of March, I left No. 73, Newman-street, where I was staying, and went to Oxford-street, about twelve o'clock in the day—I had a purse in the pocket of my dress, containing a 10l. note, a sovereign and a half, and some silver—I returned to Newman-street, some little time before half-past twelve, and shortly after missed my purse and money—this is the purse—I think the bank-note in it is the same—mine was divided like this.





MICAIAH REED
 (police-constable E 30.) About one o'clock, on the 7th of March, I was passing down Oxford-street, and saw the prisoners together going towards Regent-circus—when they got to the corner of Market street,

I saw Hood place his hand against a lady's pocket—they turned back,-and followed the lady, who was going towards Tottenham-court-road—Hood walked by her side, and Mathie about a yard behind him—when they got a few yards past the Princess's Theatre, I saw Hood place his hand underneath the lady's pocket, which was in front of her dress, put it into her pocket, and draw out this purse, which he handed to Mathie, who was about a yard behind him—Mathie put it into his pocket, and both ran away as fast as they could, towards Tottenham-court-road—I followed and took them into custody, at the corner of Berners-street, and said, "Halloo, my lads, I have got you this time"—after conveying them about 200 yards, Mathie drew the purse from his pocket, and dropped it on the ground—I called on a gentleman who was near, to hold him while I picked up the purse—he ran away about threeparts across the road—I never lost sight of him—the gentleman stopped him and brought him back—I took them to the station, and found the purse contained this note and money—I found 10s. 6d. in silver on Mathie, and on Hood this whistle, this knife, three halfpence and a comb.

Hood. Q. Was I in Mathie's company? Witness. He was when I first saw him—he walked all the way up Oxford-street with him, till they came to Market-street, and then went back with him—in fact they ore constant com-panions.

Hood, I was coming from Harley-street; I saw Mathie, who I knew by being at Mr. Cham's, the baker's; he pulled out a purse, and said, "Here, look what a boy gave me;" another boy saw it. Witness. He did no such thing—I believe Mrs. Cobden to be the lady I saw—I did not see her face, but by her dress and figure I believe her to be the person.





WILLIAM POWELL
. I am now a green-grocer, I was formerly a policeman I produce a certificate of Hood's former conviction from Clerkenwell sessions—I was a witness on the trial, and am quite certain he is the person—(read.)

MATHIE—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—



Confined One Year.


HOOD*—


GUILTY
. Aged 10.—


Transportedfor Ten Years.—Parkhurst.

