



1046. 




MICHAEL SULLIVAN
 was indicted

 for a robbery on 



William Willcocks, on the 
11th of May, putting him in fear, and taking from hit person and against his will, 1 watch, value 9l. 9s.; 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 sovereign, and 1 half-sovereign, his property; and immediately before,
at the time of, and after the said robbery beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.







WILLIAM WILCOCKS
. I am master of the Velocity schooner, in St. Katharine's Dock. On the 11th of May, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, I was in White Lion-street, Whitechapel, on my way home from the City—I was standing by a coffee-shop, where I had been having some coffee—a man snatched my watch from me, and afterwards either shoved or knocked me down—I did not feel any blow, but felt the same person on me—he searched my pockets, and took from me a purse, containing a sovereign and a half—I was not at all the worse for liquor—I was able to take care of myself—I immediately gave myself in charge of the policeman, to take care of me, and told him what I had lost—it was a silver watch, I have not found it.

Q. Did not you tell the Magistrate you had had an extra glass, but knew what you were about? A. I did.





SARAH LODDER
. I live in Millwall, Whitechapel. On Sunday the 11th of May, about half-past one o'clock in the morning, I was in White Lion-street, and saw the prosecutor standing against the wall—I crossed over to the other side, and saw the prisoner come up and snatch the watch from his pocket—he threw it behind, and two men, who were behind him, took it up, and ran up White Lion-street—the prisoner instantly turned round, and knocked down the prosecutor—he leant over him—the prisoner put his hand to his pocket—I could not see whether the prisoner took anything from it—the prosecutor put his hands up and struggled with him—he called, "Police!"—the prisoner replied, "You may call, * police,"' and instantly ran up Mill-yard.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you tell the policeman you saw a man with gilt buttons running? A. Yes—I knew the prisoner, by frequently seeing him up and down the lane, but did not know his name—I described him to the policeman on Sunday night, as having a velvet coat—I am sure he is the man.





DANIEL SUGG
 (police-constable H 17.) I apprehended the prisoner in the City of Carlisle, public-house, Rosemary-lane, on Monday morning, at half-past one o'clock—it was the night after the robbery—I told him I wanted him, on suspicion of robbing a gentleman of his watch, in White Lion-street, on Sunday morning—he said, "I know nothing of it"—I found 6s. 6d. in silver, and 9 1/2d. in copper on him.

Prisoner. Q. Do you know anything wrong of me? did not you look at my coat, to see if there were gilt buttons on it? A. Yes—the witness described him as having a velveteen coat with gilt buttons, and I knew you had gilt buttons—it is the coat you generally wear—I know you belong to the gang of Solomans, in Rosemary-lane—Lodder knew him quite well when she saw him—she knows his sister-in-law.

Prisoner's Defence. I am not the man. I have seen the man who wore the velvet coat, and knowing me to wear one, they described me as the party; the witness has seen me up and down the street, but I was not outside the door that night after eleven o'clock; the prosecutor told the Magistrate he had been with two girls at the public-house.





SARAH LODDER

re-examined. He knocked the prosecutor down with a blow of his fist—it appeared a violent blow—it made him fall—I am quite certain of the prisoner—I have known him five or six months—I

frequently saw him about every week, passing up and down the lane with girls.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

(Daniel Sugg, and P. Driscol, a policeman, stated, that the prisoner had been repeatedly summarily convicted, and was the, regular associate of thieves.)
