





1484. 




ROBERT EADE,



 JOHN LEADLEY
, and 




CHARLES DRIVER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of April, 8 half-crowns, 24 shillings, 11 sixpences, and three grouts, the monies of 



Joseph Morland.






JOSEPH MORLAND
. I am a corn-dealer, and live in Broad-street, Ratcliff. On the 14th of April I bad been counting my Silver on my desk behind the counter—I left my shop for about four minutes, leaving 2l. 14s. on my desk—when I returned, 2l. 105. 6d. was gone, consisting of half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences.





JOSEPH FAGAN
. On the 14th of April, about ten o'clock, I was standing opposite Mr. Morland's door, and saw the prisoner Driver standing by the window, Leadley standing alongside of the gate, and Eade standing inside the shop by the counter—Driver turned round to Leadley, and said, "It is all right"—presently I saw Eade come from the shop with both his hands full of silver—he put it into his outside jacket pocket, came to the door, and all three ran away.

Eade. You said before, that you saw me take it out of the till, and Mr. Morland says it was behind the counter. Witness. No, I did not—when you came out with the money you saw me, and turned as red as possible—I was tried here eleven years ago—I have since been working with my father at ballast heaving—when you came out, I went into the shop and gave information to Mr. Morland's daughter—a policeman came up—I told him directly, but when he got to the corner you were all gone.





JOHN BROWN
. I was near Mr. Morland's shop that day, and saw Eade and Driver by the window, and Leadley at the gate—I had often seen them together before that.






GEORGE CARR
. I am a policeman. I took Leadley and Eade between one and two o'clock, and found 2s. on Eade, and 7d. on Leadley—Eade had got some new clothes on—I asked him where he bought them—he said, at a shop in Back-lane, Cannon-street.





JOHN NICHOLAS
. I am a policeman. I took Driver—I told him I wanted him for being concerned with two others in stealing some silver from Mr. Morland's shop—he said he did not know Mr. Morland—I said it was in Broad-street—he said he did not know Broad-street.

Leadley's Defence. When the policeman took me I had 7d.—he asked me how I got it—I said I had a job to carry some luggage, and had 9d.—I spent 1d. for a pint of beer—I know nothing about the money.

Driver's Defence. I know nothing about the money.

LEADLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

EADE—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

DRIVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.




Transported for Seven Years; Ship

