




1707. 




ARCHIBALD NEAGLE
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering, on the 
7th of June, a forged request for the delivery of 5lbs. weight of almonds, and 3lbs. weight of raisins, with intent to defraud 



John Henry Stead.






JOHN HENRY STEAD
. I am a grocer, and live in Pleasant-row, Battle-bridge A little boy named Hearn came to my shop and brought this written request for some goods for Mr. Dunn of Pentonville—I put up the goods and delivered them to the boy—I found two days after that the goods were not for the person named—Daniel Dunn is a chocolate-maker, and deals with me.





JACOB HEARN
. I went to the prosecutor's shop with this paper—the prisoner gave it to me—I did not know him before—I was looking at a picture shop, and he came up and took me up to the bottom of Lower-street, gave me this bill to take to Mr. Stead, and to tell him it was from Mr. Dunn—I carried it to Mr. Stead, who put up the things and gave them to me—I gave them to the prisoner—he was waiting for me.
(order read)—" June 7th. Sir,—Please to let bearer have 4lbs. of Java almonds same as before, and 3lbs. of sultanas, for D. Dunn. Please let them be the best, and lib. of almonds separate."





DANIEL DUNN
. I am a chocolate-maker. I have "dealt with Mr. Stead for some years—I know the prisoner very well—his father is a lieutenant in the Navy, and two or three years ago he came from the Naval school at Woolwich—I employed him for ten or twelve months in my service—I did not send him with this paper for these goods—I never sent him with any order of the sort—it was not written by me, nor by my authority—I do not know the hand-writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I believe, not liking to go to sea, his father put him with you? A. Yes—his behaviour was exceedingly good—I never found any thing dishonest in him—I have heard that he I got acquainted with some performers at a private theatre since he left me—I have known his father more than twenty years.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—


Transported for Ten Years.
