



1124. 




WILLIAM ISAAC BUDD
 was again indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Hannah Tanner, on the 
17th of November, at 
St. Marylebone, about the hour of five in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 3l.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l. 10s. 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 work-box, value 10s.; and one box, value 6d.; the goods of 



Samuel Wright.






SAMUEL WRIGHT
. I am a baker. I lodged in the house of Hannah Tanner, in the parish of St. Marylebone, last November—I work at night—on the 17th of November last, I went out about eleven o'clock at night, and locked my door—I have a key to the outer door—I returned between half—past eight and nine o'clock in the morning to breakfast, and found my lodging had been robbed—I lost a coat, trowsers, waistcoat, a box off the table, and a watch locked in it, and a money-box out of the cupboard—the door had been unlocked, apparently, not broken open—I found my watch in pawn at Cord well's.





JAMES RUSSELL
. I lodged at Mrs. Tanner's. I remember the night

the prosecutor was robbed—I got up at six o'clock next morning, and found the middle-door and the street-door ajar—they were never found so before at that time of the morning, and I have lodged there nearly four years—I had not heard any noise that morning—I shut the door, and went out—the clock struck six, about two minutes before I came out of my room.





SARAH RUSSELL
. I remember the night Wright's room was robbed— early that morning, before my husband went out, between five and six o'clock, I heard a footstep come into Mr. Wright's room, shut the door, and go and get a light—I heard the rumbling of boxes—I thought it was Wright himself, or I should have called out—it was about a quarter of an hour before my husband went out.





JOHN MILTON
. I am in the service of Mr. Cordwell, a pawnbroker. On the 18th of November a watch was pawned with me by the prisoner—he said he pawned it for Charles Glass for 1l.

Prisoner. Q. How long is it since the watch has been given up to the policeman? A. About three Sessions ago—I gave it to the City-policeman, No. 538—I have seen you before and know the name of the person you pawned it in—Charles Glass is the son of a publican in the neighbourhood—I have not given evidence before.





CHARLES PHILIP GLASS
. I live with my father at Stoke Newington, he is a publican, out of business—I know the prisoner—I never gave him authority to pawn a watch in November last.





SAMUEL WRIGHT

re-examined. I have got the watch now—I received it from the pawnbroker about three months ago—it is mine.

Prisoner's defence. I was at the Norfolk Arms public-house, on, I think, the 18th of November—there was a young man there named William Black, and another called Deaf Harry, and Lee the waiter with them—Black asked me if I would pawn a watch for him, saying his brother was in trouble, and he wanted 30s., to get a solicitor for him—I said, "They won't lend 30s."—he said, "Get what you can; but if you say Charles Glass sent it by you, as you have pawned things for him before, very likely they will lend it you"—I said I would go and see what they would lend on it—I went and asked for 1l. on it—they said they could buy them for 18s.—I said it was for Glass, and he lend me 1l.—I went to the Norfolk Arms, and gave the money to Black—they deducted some halfpence for the ticket—about a month after, James said to me, "You will be in a fine mess; you pawned a watch in Compton-street"—I said,  "I know who I pawned it for"—I afterwards met Deaf Harry, and said, "I understand the watch I pawned for Black, when you and he came to the Norfolk Arms, is stolen property"—he said, "I will come forward, and state that Black gave you the watch, at any time"—I told the officer so, but do not know whether he has been able to find him.





CHARLES PHILIP GLASS

re-examined. I never employed the prisoner to pawn things for me.

Prisoner. Q. I believe you employed Lee the waiter once? A. I once, sent Lee to pawn for me, and only once—I never sent you.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—

Transported for Fourteen Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
