




257. 




CHARLES CAMPBELL
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.






RICHARD HAMILTON
. I live in John-street, Cornwall-fields, and am a rigger. Between five and six o'clock in the evening of the 29th of October, the prisoner came to me—he said his name was Archibald Gibbons, that he had come from Singapore, with his ship, and he was very glad he had found a decent place—he said he was a sail-maker, and had been out for eighteen months—the name of the ship I could not ascertain—he said all his things were to be fetched up next day, and he had about 50l. to take as wages for the voyage of eighteen months—he said he wanted the loan of 4s. or 5s. to go to see his shipmates, and to treat them—I told him 4s. or 5s. was rather too much for him to spend, as it was late in the evening—he said, "Give me 3s.," which I did, and away he went—it was on account of these representations, and saying he was so very happy he had fallen in with a countryman of his, or I would not have done it.





JOHN CRIGHTON
. I live at Gold's-hill, and keep a lodging-house. On the 29th of October the prisoner came to me about half-past eight o'clock at night—he said he had come home from Singapore, and had eighteen months' money to receive—he was happy to think he had come to a decent, respectable house, and to a countryman of his—he asked me for a pint of rum—I would not let him hare it—I gave him some beer, and he went to bed—next morning he got 3s., and said he was going to see his shipmates at the Sailors' Home to know When they were going on board for their things—I went with him to the Home—he went in and came out, and said they were gone on a cruize.

Q. But what pretence did he make when he got the money? A. He got it after breakfast, on the 30th, and told me he would pay it back again when he got the money—he told me his wages were due, and asked for some money to go to see his shipmates—I desired my wife to give it him—I should not have done so if he had not said he had this money due to him.





MARY SAKEY
. The prisoner was brought to my house on the 6th of November—he said he wanted a lodging where he should be comfortable and safe—he said he wanted his clothes fetched up, as he had come off a voyage, and should be paid on Thursday—after he had sat a bit, be said his ship lay at No. 4, West India Dock, that he came from Singapore, in the Ann Anna, and that he had been carpenter on board—he said, "Can you lend me a shilling or eighteen-pence?"—I said, "Yes," and told the money out of my pocket—he took a half-crown, and said that would do—I should not have let him have it if he had not said he came from Singapore, and that this money was due to him.





JAMES DIXON
. I am superintendent of the East and West India Docks. There is no such ship as the Ann Anna, nor has there been for the last two years, and there has been no ship in the East and West India Docks from Singapore.

Prisoner's Defence. I came home in the John M'Duff, from Singapore—I asked Mr. Hamilton for a lodging, and he gave me 3s.—I asked Mrs. Sakey's son if he would come down with me—I asked her for a shilling, and I had at the same time 6s. 6d. in my pocket.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There were nine other charges against the prisoner at the Police Court.)
