



1114. 




JOHN ROBERTS
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of March, 1 purse, value 4d.; 7 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 3 half-crowns, 2 shillings, 2 sixpences, and 1 groat; the property of 



Joseph Sharpe, from the person of 



Susannah Madelina Sharpe.






SUSANNAH MADELINA SHARPE
. I am the wife of Joseph Sharpe, and live I in Middle-row, Brixton. On the 17th of March I came in an omnibus from Brixton to Gracechurch-street, and am certain I then had my purse about me—it contained seven sovereigns and a half, three half-crowns, and some shillings—I joined my husband at the corner of Fenchurch-street, and walked with him to Fleet-street—I felt my purse safe two or three times after getting out of the omnibus, and was not aware that I had lost it till I received information.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was your purse? A. In the pocket of my dress—it was very careless of me certainly.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am an officer. On the 17th of March I was passing down Ludgate-hill about two o'clock in the day, and noticed Mr. and Mrs. Sharpe on the opposite side, and some persons near them, which attracted my attention—I watched, and saw them dodging Mr. and Mrs. Sharpe, who walked a little beyond Salisbury-court, in Fleet-street, then turned back and looked into several shops—the persons closed on them opposite Poppin's-court, and immediately after separated—the prisoner was one of them—I noticed, as he crossed the road, that he had his right hand in his coat-pocket—he crossed over to me, and as he turned into the court I laid hold of his collar with my left hand, put my right hand into his coat pocket, and partly

in his hand and partly in his pocket I found this purse—I said, "What have you got here?"—he said, "That is mine"—it contained seven sovereigns, a half-sovereign, three half-crowns, two shillings, two sixpences, and a fourpenny-piece—I gave him to a policeman—Mr. and Mrs. Sharpe were sent for—Mrs. Sharpe claimed the purse.

Cross-examined. Q. I do not understand that you saw the prisoner before he separated from the rest? A. I knew him better by the colour of his coat than by his face, as I only now and then had an opportunity of seeing him—I believe I did see him before—I do not think he said anything but "That is mine"—he asked for his handkerchief, which I suppose dropped at the time I took the purse, and it was brought to him—I am sure he said the purse was his own.

MRS. SHARPE
re-examined. This is my purse, and contains the money I had.
(



William Garrall, of Stafford-street, New-road, coach-builder; and 



Edward Burge, of Kelsal-green, broker; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix.—


Transported for Ten Years.

