



982. 




JANE WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of Feb., 26 yards of lace, value 2l., the goods of 




John Nott.






ANN CHANDLER
. I am in the service of Mr. James Nott, who keeps a lace shop in Upper-street, Islington. About four o'clock on the 16th of Feb. the prisoner and another woman came into the shop—the other woman asked me to show them some quilling net, and I showed it them in a box—I cut off a yard and a half at one price, and three yards at a halfpenny a yard—the boxes were then put away—the other woman then asked to look at some lace—I showed them a variety of lace—the prisoner and the other both looked at it, but none of it suited—while they were deciding, the prisoner took some lace—I saw her make a movement, and put it under her shawl—l am sure I saw the lace under her shawl, and I missed three cards of it, but I said nothing—the other woman then decided on one, and bought a yard and a half at 1s. a yard—I then cleared all away, and the other woman offered me a sovereign to give her change, and take 2s. for what she had bought—there was not sufficient change in the till, and I gave it out of my pocket—the prisoner remarking that she had nothing but notes and gold about her, or she would lend the other a small sum—after I had made up the parcel, and given the change, I desired the lad to take the three cards of lace from under the prisoner's shawl, and I saw him do so—the prisoner said, "I humbly beg your pardon, Miss," and then I let them go—she had taken the cards of lace from the counter—she had a bad hand—it was wrapped up in a handkerchief—she leaned that on the counter, and her shawl was over that hand—she made a movement and took them—if the cards had been knocked down accidentally they would have fallen—they remained under her shawl about a quarter of an hour.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it not said at the time that she must have dragged the lace up with her shawl? A. The other woman said it must have been so—I allowed them to go away—I missed three cards

of lace from the counter—I did not see the prisoner take anything up, but I saw her make a sweep and sweep off some lace—I did not see where it went to—I was on the other side of the counter.





JOHN TRACEY
. I am servant to Mr. Nott. I took the three cards of lace from close under the prisoner's arm.

Cross-examined. What sort of a shawl had she on? A. A blue woollen shawl with black spots—the lace was close under her right arm.




GUILTY
. * Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
