



652. 




ELIZABETH WESTWOOD



, stealing 1 bag, value 2d.; 4 sovereigns and 2 5l. notes; the property of 



William Dawson, from his person.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM DAWSON
. I am a seaman, belonging to the brig Torniclose. On 30th Dec. I came on shore—I got near to Cannon-street, Ratcliffhighway, about hlaf-past eight o'clock in the evening—I had two 5l. notes and four sovereigns in my right-hand trowsers pocket—I stopped talking to a messmate about five minutes—the prisoner came up to me, and asked it I would give her anything to drink—I said, "No"—she came to me a second time, and put one hand round my shoulder, and the other in my pocket, took the money out, and went away very quickly—I felt her hand in my pocket—I felt for my money in about four minutes—I saw her again eight days afterwards, at the Thames Police-court—I am certain she is the woman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you always recollected that she put one hand over your shoulder and the other in your pocket? A. Yes—I did not catch hold of her hand, she was gone too soon—this is not the first time I have said that her hand was in my pocket—the policeman has not told me that unless I swore I felt her hand in my pocket I should not make a case of it—I had my hand in my pocket when she came to me—I am certain my money was there—I had never seen the prisoner before—she had a black velvet bonnet, with red ribbons, and a light shawl—I told

the Magistrate that I felt her hand in my pocket—I put my mark to the statement—(the deposition being read, did not state the witness felt her hand in his pocket)—I got the notes from the master of the ship, James Horne—they were Bank of england notes—I have not stopped them—I did not know the numbers.





EDWARD STEARN
. I live at 192, Ratcliff-highway. One the evening of 30th Dec. I went out for some beer, about half-past eight o'clock, I saw Dawson with another sailor—I saw the prisoner—she had one hand round Dawson waist, the other on his pocket—I went four doors further for my beer, and came back and saw Dawson and the prisoner standing in the same manner—I stopped and watched—the prisoner remained in that position about five minutes—she then left the man, and went up the turning by our house, and I saw her put something down her bosom—she and heard Dowson complain that he had been robbed—I am quite sure the prisoner is the woman.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen her before? A. Yes, about the Highway—I work for Mr. Nathan, a clothes-dealer, in Ratcliff-highway—the prisoner had a black velvet bonnet on—I do not know the colour of the ribbons—she had a blue shawl—Dawson was dressed as he is now, and had a cap on—I told the Magistrate I saw one of the prisoner's hands on his pocket, and the other round his waist—I cannot write—I did not know that there was money in his pocket.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Did you tell the policeman the same night that you should know the prisoner again? A. Yes; I have seen her for the last three months—she walked there every night.





THOMAS KELLY
 (policeman, H 119.) I heard of this robbery the next night—I saw Stearn, and looked after the woman that was described—I found the prisoner, on the 6th Jan., in Ratcliff-highway—I told her what I took her for—she said she knew nothing at all about it, she was not there that night—I have not told Dawson what he ought to came and swear—he knew more than I did—Nathan saw it as well as Stearn, but I knew it was no use brining him here.

MR. PAYNE
called






WILLIAM SINGLETON
. I am a barker, at Buros-street, Commercial-road—I know the prisoner. On the night of the 30th Dec. I was at work at Mr. Gaylor's, in Brick-lane—I met the prisoner near his shop, between five and six o'clock and knowing her. I asked her to take something to drink—we went into the Hare, at the corner of Hare-street—we had a pint of half-andbalf, and then went to the City of London Theatre—we were there the whole and then went to the eleven—we sat in the centre of the pit—the performance was "An Old Woman tossed in a Blanket," and the "Good Old Days of Arthur o'Bradley."

MR. RYLAND. Q. Where you at work when she came to you? A. I had just left work—I was in Brick-lane, going home to 33, Buros-street—that is between Whitechapel and Ratcliff-highway—we were in the public-house three-quarters of an hour—we were then walking round Bishopsgate-street—I did not see first piece at the theatre—It opens at half-past six—I went in at seven—I do not recollect the piece—I recollect that night particularly, because I went to the baker's, on a job for a young man who was working there, who was ill—I went on the Wednesday night, and on the Thursday night—I do not always work at baking; 1 work at the docks—I have known

the prisoner about three months, by seeing her in the Commercial-road is going home, and speaking with her—the pantomime commenced at half-past nine—I did not stop all the time—I had to be back at work by eleven—I passed the Wednesday evening in bed, at home—I did not go on Wednesday night till eleven—I worked all day on Thursday, and was leaving between five and six—I then met this female, and went to the public-house, then to the theatre, and the went back to work at eleven, and worked all night—I left work about five on Friday, and went home—I cannot recollect what was the performance at the theatre—it was tragical.

COURT. Q. What time did you go to bed on Wednesday night? A. About seven o'clock, and went to work at eleven—on Friday night I went to bed about eight or nine—bakers begin work at eleven at night.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

