



246. 




JOHN WILLIAMSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, at Hammersmith, 1 leather trunk, value 5s.; 3 shawls, 2l.; 8 yards of silk, 25s.; and 2 gowns, 2l.; the goods of 



Richard Millward, in his dwelling-house.






WALTER ROBERT LEIGH
 (police-sergeant T 7.) I produce a pair of boots, three shawls, some silk, and two gowns, which I received from Mr. Millward—I took the prisoner into custody, and found four common keys in his pocket—he was standing near the bed in the prosecutor's first floor—I said, "Perhaps there are some keys in the bed"—I was about to move the clothes, but he put his hand slyly in, and took three more keys out; and under the bed, in the room where he was found, I found a skewer turned back to form a picklock key—I also found a picklock key—I examined the lock of a box, and found it had been attempted to be broken open, and the skewer had a scratch on it, as if it had come in contact with the lock of a trunk—the skewer was under the first floor bed, not in the room where the prisoner slept.





RICHARD MILLWARD
. I am landlord of the White Bear public-house, King-street, in the parish of Hammersmith. On the 20th of Dec. the prisoner slept at my house—he was there next day, and was going to sleep there the next night—about half-past seven o'clock he went up stairs, to go to bed—in consequence of something, I went up stairs about three-quarters of an hour after him—I smelt some lucifer matches or sulphur, and went into the bed-room on the first floor, and saw the prisoner lying under the bed—he had no business in that room—he was to have slept a story above that—I gave a alarm, went and called somebody, and went back and found him on his own bed, as if asleep—he had only his jacket off—his eyes were elosed—he said nothing—I called sergeant Lee, the policeman, who came up stairs, and found the keys—I found a box of wearing-apparel dragged from under the piano-forte, in the first floor room—it was locked—I saw scratches on the lock; it shone, and was a little bright round the keyhole—the box contained a gown, shawl, and various articles belonging to my wife—the box was not carried out of the house, but moved from under the piano-forte to another part of the room—I am sure the things were in the box—they were worth 5l. altogether.




GUILTY*
of stealing under the value of 5l. Aged 20.—


Transported for



Seven Years.

