



1899. 




GEORGE FITZHERBERT
 was again indicted

 for stealing, at 
St. Botolph Without, Aldgate, 1 watch, value 8l.; and 1 chain, value 4l.; the goods of 




John James Harris, in his dwelling-house.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN JAMES HARRIS
. I am a watch-maker and jeweller, and live in Upper East Smithfield. On the 31st of July, a little after eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my shop, and said, "Mr. Harris, I want to purchase a handsome patent gold lever"—I brought him two, then a third, and seeing him a gentleman, I went and fetched another, with a gold guard-chain attached to it—he was looking at them some time, and making observations to my daughter about which she would like—Miss Harding, who I knew very well, came into the shop and asked for a pair of gold earrings—I turned round to attend to her—the four watches laid on the glass-case—my daughter was standing between the watches and the prisoner—about ten minutes after the prisoner was looking at the watches, a man named Fitzsymmonds, (who was transported last Sessions,) came in, and immediately squeezed by Miss Harding to get to the side of the prisoner, between her and the prisoner—he said, "Mr. Harris, what do you charge for cleaning a three-quarter plate lever-watch?"—I said 4s—he said, "I will bring it to be done;" and away he went out in a hurry—the prisoner immediately followed him out of the shop, and my daughter hallooed out, "Father, there is a gold watch gone!"—the gold watch and guard were gone.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you see him again? A. Three weeks ago tomorrow, at Marylebone-office—I had never seen him before he came into the shop-my house is in the parish of St. Botolph Without, Aldgate—the watch was worth 8l., and the chain 4l. 4s.





SUSAN HARRIS
. I live with my father (the last witness.) On the 31st of July the prisoner came to the shop to see some watches—four were shown to him—they laid on the glass-case—one had a gold chain attached to it—he said he did not like a Geneva watch, he wished to have a patent lever—he said he was recommended to my father, that his brother bought one at Mr. Dutton's, in Greek-street, and he wished to have one precisely the same—Miss Harding came in for some earrings—the prisoner had the watch in his hand at that time playing with the chain—while he was twisting the guard-chain round his fingers, Fitzsymmonds came in, and pressed very rudely past Miss Harding to get to the prisoner, who had his pocket-handkerchief in his right hand—I saw him put his left hand down behind him, as if handing something down—I saw the watch in his left hand not a minute before—Fitzsymmonds immediately went out—the prisoner immediately said, "Well, Mr. Harris, I will call again in three weeks, I am going out of town," and immediately went out of the shop—I directly missed the watch—he had done all he could

to attract my attention, and wished to know which watch I most admired and whether I did not find it very warm—he said, "What is that watch in the window, will you be kind enough to hand me that?"—I said, "If you wait, Sir, my father will be at liberty, and he will show it to you"—my father was attending to Miss Harding at the time—he asked me which I admired most—I said, "You have come here to purchase one, surely you will take one to your own taste"—I did not give him an opinion.

Cross-examined. Q. How was he dressed? A. He had a lighter neck-handkerchief, he wore spectacles, and kept taking them off now and then—I had never seen him before.





JOHN FURLING
. This signature to the examination, is Mr. Rawlinson's, the magistrate's handwriting—(read—"The prisoner says, I have nothing to say; these people against me never saw me before in my life.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years. (There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
