





283. 



JOHN HIGGINS
 and 




WILLIAM DUNORD
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
25th of November, 1 firkin, value 9d., and 68 lbs. weight of butter, value 3l. 10s., the goods of 



John Wheel; and that Dunord had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN GOZEE
 (police constable K 142.) In consequence of information, I went on Wednesday evening, the 25th of November, about a quarter or twenty minutes past seven o'clock, to the New-road, opposite Baker's-row—I put myself in a dark part of the road, and saw the prisoner Dunord drawing a truck with a firkin of butter in it—there were two others with him—they were walking on the foot-path close to the truck, which was in the road—I did not get a full view of their faces—it was dark—I know both the prisoners well—I seized Dunord, and the other two ran away—I could not speak positively to either of them.





FRANCIS HEAPHY
 (police-constable K 194.) I assisted Gozee, and took charge of the truck and firkin—I afterwards produced it before the Magistrate, and it was claimed—I did not notice any of the parties.





JAMES LESERF
. I am a labourer, and live in Fuller-street, Air-street, Bethnal-green. On the 25th of November, about a quarter or twenty minutes before seven o'clock, I taw Higgins coming out of Baker's-row, Whitechapel, with a truck—I saw nothing in it then—two or three minutes afterwards I saw the same truck in the officer's possession at the corner of the New-road—it then had a firkin in it—I had often hired the truck myself, and was acquainted with it—I think if the firkin had been in it when I first saw Higgins with it, I should have noticed it—it was empty then—he was dragging it out of Baker's-row, across Whitechapel-road, into the New-road opposite—I saw no one else with him—I knew Higgins before, and am not mistaken in his person—I have been in trouble myself for a broom, and was sent for three months to the House of Correction from the police-office—I was also charged on suspicion of horse-stealing, but nothing came of that.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was that the only time you were ever in gaol? A. Except when I was remanded for a month on suspicion of horse-stealing—that is all—I was along with the party that took the broom—I do not say the Magistrate was wrong in sending me to prison—I have been once to Higgins's mother's house since he has been in gaol—I have only been once inside her house—I did not see her then—I went to the corner of Bedford-street when she sent for me last Sunday week—I did not go of my own accord—she sent a boy named Wadham for me—I did not ask her for any money—I never had any quarrel with Higgins—I might have had a word or two, but never any row or blows.





WILLIAM CLAY
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Higgins—he said he knew nothing about the matter.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you apprehended him at his mother's house? A. I did.





GEORGE WHEEAL
. I live with my father John Wheeal, a carrier, at Romford, in Essex. On the 25th of November, I had this and other firkins of butter in my cart under my care—I bad them from Waters and sons, Cheese-mongers, in High-street, Borough, at half-past five o'clock—one was outside the rest, behind the cart—I came over London-bridge with my load—I stopped at Mr. Rumsey's, in Whitechapel-road, to buy something—I came out, and went on with the cart till I got to Mile-end-gate—I there missed the cask which stood outermost of the lot—this is it—it belongs to Mr. Ellis, of Romford, but was under my father's care, and in his cart.






JOHN BIRD
. I am clerk to Messrs. Waters, wholesale cheesemongers, in High-street, Borough. This firkin was among others which were put into Wheeal's cart, to carry to Mr. Ellis of Romford—there are 631bs. of butter in it, and it is worth about 3l.





JOHN GOZEE

re-examined. The cart had passed about twenty yards from the spot where I found the truck.

Dunord's Defence. A man asked me if I wanted a job—I said, "Yes, what is it?" he said, "To pull this truck to Whitechapel Church;" I asked what he would give me; he said 8d.; he gave me 8d.; and said he would give me half-a-pint of beer when we got there; at the bottom of the New-road the officer stopped and collared me, and the man ran away when he saw me collared.





EDWARD WARE
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Dunord's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I took him on the charge, and was present at the trial—I am quite convinced he is the same man.

Dunord. He never took me into custody; I was never in prison; it was my brother, and he had six months in the Compter. Witness. I am sure the prisoner is the man—I do not know his brother—(certificate read)—he was tried by the same Christian name—it is two years ago.

HIGGINS—


NOT GUILTY
.

DUNORD—


GUILTY
 of the Felony. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
