



2288. 




THOMAS SMITH
 was indicted

for a robbery upon 



Jane Maddon, and stealing a bonnet, gown, cape, and other articles, value 13s. 6d.; her goods.






JANE MADDON
. I live at 29, Paul-street, Tabernacle-square. On Sunday night, 9th Oct., about half-past eleven o'clock, I was going home, and met the prisoner with a girl, in Whitechapel-road—no one was with me—I did not know the prisoner before—he did not say anything to me as I passed—I walked on with him and the girl till we came to Kent-street, Spital fields—we went into a house, and they gave me something to drink, after which I became quite stupid, and went to sleep—no one was in the room but those two—I felt nothing done to me when I was stupid—when I awoke, all my clothes were gone; I did not feel them go from me—this is my name to these depositions—it was read over to me before I signed it—(the depositions being read stated that when she first saw the prisoner he said, "If you will go with me to my sister's I will give you some coffee;" and afterwards, "He dragged me into the passage of a house ")—he did ask me to go to his sister's and have some coffee—I do not recollect his dragging me into the passage—I felt them taking off my clothes—I lost my bonnet, cape, frock, stays, boots, and a petticoat—when I came to myself I found they were gone—I heard the prisoner and

the girl go up stairs—they left me by myself—I went to the street-door, and found it was locked and bolted—the key was left in it, bat I could not reach the bolt—a woman came down stairs, unbolted the door, and let me out—I did not call out, because I was too frightened—when I got into the street I saw a policeman named Dunaway—I told him, and took him back to the house we searched the house, but could not find the prisoner or the girl—I left the house about two hours after I found I had been robbed—I could not get out before the woman came down—the policeman took me to the station, and sent me home—I had never seen the prisoner before—I am quite sure he is the man—I saw him again on the Tuesday night—there were a dozen more with him—I picked him out of them myself.

Prisoner. Q. When was the stuff given to you? A. When I went in—I walked out of Whitecbapel by the side of you and the girl—the stuff took away my senses directly—I told the Magistrate it was you that took my clothes away—the passage was dark.





PORTER WILLIAM DUNAWAY
 (policeman, H 129). Between four and five o'clock, on Monday morning, 9th Oct., I was on duty in Wentworth-street, Whitechapel—I heard somebody crying out in Kent-street, went, and saw the last witness, who made a complaint to me, in consequence of which I went with her to 5, Kent-street—she told me again what had happened to her—I went into the house with her, and searched all over it, but did not find the prisoner or the girl; I searched another house, and did not find them there—the girl bad lost her clothes, and required some; some one at one of the houses lent her some—I met her again on the following Tuesday, a little after nine, and went with her to the same two bouses—we did not find the prisoner—we came into the street—there were some persons standing directly opposite, and Maddon pointed out the prisoner, and 1 took him into custody—I did not tell him what it was for—Maddon was present, and he saw her—as we were going to the station he said, "Do not lead me along the street; I can walk without leading"—I said, "Nevei mind; it is no harm to lead you"—he said, "I have done nothing; I do not know what I am taken into custody for"—I said, "You will hear the charge against you at the station; some one ought to know something about it;" and he said, "So they do, if she had been stripped of her clothes, as she says she has been "—I had said nothing about her being stripped of her clothes, nor had the girl.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I say to you, "What does she mean?" and did not you say, "You know what she'means?" A. No.




GUILTY
. † Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
