



2031. 




JOHN DAVIS



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Joseph Plummer, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH PLUMMER
. I live in Mill-lane, Deptford, and am a labouring man. The prisoner was a lodger in that house—on 17th July he came home in the afternoon—I was sitting in the kitchen with my wife—the prisoner began to use ill words, and said he had a little thing that would settle some one in the house—I did not answer him—he went out, and came back again between nine and ten in the evening—he was not the worse for liquor—I believe he had taken something—I saw him strike a child who was there—I got up, and said, "If you hit him again, I shall hit you"—he said, "I am quite ready for you"—I struck him, he fell—he put the knife into me twice, and said, "Joe I have done it for you"—I found I was wounded in my right shoulder and breast, and my shirt was all blood—I was under the doctor for five weeks—the places are no: well now.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. What have you got your arm in a sling for? A. For the wound to close up—it is by the doctor's order—it has opened since this affair—the little boy, who is about twelve or thirteen, saw all that took place, I have not got him here—I have told all that took place—Mr. Longinotto, my landlord, was present—the prisoner came in and spoke to him—the prisoner sent for some beer, and asked me to partake of it soon after he came in—I did not meet the landlord and tell him I would stand it no longer, that I would knock his head off, or his brains out—the landlord told me it was not worth while to strike a drunken man—it was after that that I struck the prisoner, after he had hit the boy—when I struck the prisoner he fell down—I have not been complained of for being a very riotous, troublesome fellow—I have been before a Magistrate three or four times for being drunk—neither my landlord nor any one has complained of me that I know of.





SARAH PLUMMER
. I am the prosecutor's wife. The prisoner came home in the middle of the day on 17th July—he said he had a little thing that he would settle one person in the house with that evening—he went out, and came in again between nine and ten o'clock—he began in the same way again, and he struck the boy—my husband said it was a shame to hit a

fatherless and motherless child, and if he did so again he would hit him—he slid, "You are the man I am waiting for "—they closed together, and my husband hit him and he fell—he said, "Joe, I have done for you "—I saw blood on my husband's shirt, and two wounds, one on the shoulder and one in the breast.

Cross-examined. Q. How does your husband get his living? A. He goes out hawking—I have been out with him—I have never been charged with begging.





HENRY HARRIS
 (policeman, R 232). On the evening of 17th July, I was fetched to the lodging-house in Mill-lane—I went into the house and could not see the prisoner—I went into the back yard—I heard some one run through the next house—I returned, and ran after the prisoner and caught him—I told him I wanted to take him for stabbing a man in the arm and breast—he said, "I am the man that did it, I will go"—I found on him this small knife in his waistcoat-pocket.





DAVID HOPE
. I am a surgeon at Deptford. I saw the prosecutor on the evening of 17th July—I found a wound on the arm about three inches long, and two inches deep along the bone—he had been bleeding profusely—I suppose he had lost nearly three pints of blood—he was also bleeding from the right breast, where there was a wound about two inches and a half long, and half an inch deep—they appeared to me to be inflicted with a clasp-knife—I do not think this knife (produced) could have inflicted them—the wound on the arm was very dangerous—he was under my care some time, and is not yet recovered.

MR. HORRY
called






JOHN LONGINOTTO
. I live in Mill-lane, Deptford. I am landlord of the prosecutor and the prisoner—on 17th July I recollect the prisoner being in the kitchen—he asked me to have some beer—he then offered it to my wife, and then to the prosecutor—the prosecutor said, "No, I want no beer from you, if I want beer I can pay for it"—I went out, and as I came in I met the prosecutor—he said, "I will stand it no longer to please anybody "—I said, "It is not worth while to strike a drunken man, you may as well strike a child "—we then went in—I said to the prisoner, "Let me sit down "—he got up, and the prosecutor directly knocked him down without the least provocation—the prosecutor said, "I am stabbed, I am stabbed! "—I did not see anything in the prisoner's band—if there had been a clasp knife I must have seen it.

COURT. Q. Did you stab him? A. No—I did not see anybody stab him.

Cross-examined. Q. You were there just before this took place? Yes, after the prosecutor struck the prisoner—I did not see the prisoner strike him—I do not recollect hearing him say, "Joe, I have done for you"—all the place was in an uproar—I heard a good many words—I was sober—I never drink anything—there was a child there—I heard them say be struck him—he must have struck him while I was in the yard—as I was coming in I met the prosecutor in the wash-house.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

