



746. 




JOHN CUMMINGS



, stealing 1 watch, 2 keys, and 1l. 18s. in silver; the property of 



John Turner: having been before convicted.






JOHN TURNER
. I am assistant to a grocer, and live at Nutfordplace,

St. Marylebone. On Sunday morning, 14th Jan., between one and two o'clock, I got into conversation with a woman in the New-road, and went with her to a house where she was to get me a bed—she did so, and left me alone—I then wound up my watch, and counted my money—there was 1l. 18s.—there was a chain to my watch, I placed it and the watch in one pocket of my trowsers on a chair, and the money in the other—I had been drinking, but knew what I was about—after I had been in bed about five minutes, the prisoner and another man came into the room—the prisoner had a poker in his hand, and said, "You impudent b—, what do you do with my bed, it belongs to me and my mate, we are coach-painters and pay 1s. 6d. a week for it"—he laid the poker across my face, bid me be quiet, then seized my clothes, boots and all, and went down stairs with them—I got out of bed, and asked for my clothes—the door was open, and I heard them wrangling whether I should have my clothes back or not—I went to the top of the stairs, and the prisoner threw me my trowsers back—I exam-ined the pockets, and found the watch and money were gone—I asked for my boots—the prisoner said, "I will give the b—his boots," and threw them up as well—I afterwards got back the other clothes—I went, got a policeman, came back, and searched for the prisoner—there was then no one in the house, they had all gone before I came down.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Why could you not go home to where you lived? A. I could not get in after twelve o'clock—I had been to three coffee shops—the woman showed me the room, and took the candle in—I had spoken to two women; it was not arranged that one of them should stay with me all night—the woman got the candle from below—it was a private house—she unlocked the door of the room, and took the 2s. for the bed—I did not know what sort of a house it was, I had no suspicion about it till the prisoner showed me the poker—I did not see more than one woman in the house, she went down immediately—I did not expect anybody to come in after I gave her the 2s.—I did not see a little girl there—I had had three or four glasses of ale or porter, perhaps—I had had no spirits—I did not begin drinking before half-past eleven—I was not in more than one public-house—I had not been with any other woman—I had been at the Adam and Eve, in Tottenham-court-road—I am married—I always count my money when I sleep in a strange bed—I had left business at half-past eleven—where I lodge at 39, Windham-street, Paddington, they will not allow any one to come in after eleven—my wife was living there then—she is now in the country—I could not get in without alarming the whole house—the landlady locks the door at eleven—I was not more than twenty minutes in this house—a second female came to the door—both the women were taken up, remanded four times, and then discharged.





GEORGE CLARK
 (policeman, S 279). I saw Turner on the morning of the 14th, between one and two o'clock, in Munster-street, he was perfectly sober—he showed me a house—I went away, got Cooper, and we went into the house—the door was open, and we found no one in it—I went again about an hour afterwards, and found the prisoner and two females in bed on the first-floor front-room, the same that Turner had pointed out—I took them into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. What sort of house is it? A. A house of accommodation—Turner knew what he was doing—he had no signs of drink about him—it was then a quarter-past two o'clock, and he could not have been in a public-house since twelve.





GEORGE COOPER
 (policeman, S 270). I was on duty in Fitzroy-row

and about two o'clock saw the prisoner come out of No. 8, and go into No. 7—I called, and asked him where he was going—he made no answer, but went into the house—I heard some one in the passage say, "Give the b—his boots"—I heard a disturbance somewhere else, and went away—I came back in a quarter of an hour, and found Turner and Clark, I went to the house, and found no one in it—I afterwards went to the house, and found the prisoner and two women in the same bed Turner had been in—I knew the prisoner before by seeing him about with thieves—I told the prisoner what he was charged with—he said he knew nothing about it—I said, "Why I saw you with the boots"—he made no answer—I took him to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you ever examined before a Court? A. Yes; seven or eight times—I now know that nothing can be more improper in giving evidence against a prisoner, than saying that I know him to be an associate of thieves—I have been in the force six years—when I took him he said the boots were thrown into the window—I heard him say," Give the b—his boots" immediately after he went in with the poker—I was within four yards of him—the poker was then in his hand—Turner was not with us when we took the prisoner; he had described him.





ARCHIBALD M'DONALD
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1848, confined one year)—I was present—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

