




1497. 




PEDRO GERMAINE, alias
 Edwin Moody




, feloniously and knowingly uttering a forged bank-note, with intent to defraud 

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.


MR. CLARKSON
and
SIR JOHN BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.





ARTHUR ROWLAND
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Rowland and Sons, jewellers, 146, Regent-street. On Monday evening, 22nd May, between eight and half-past, the prisoner came there—my brother Donald was in the shop, by my side—the prisoner asked to look at some silver pencil-cases—he selected one at 9s. 6d.—he then asked to look at some wedding-rings—I showed him some, and he selected one at 10s.—he took out what appeared to be a 5l. note from his pocket, handed it to me, and asked me to change it—I did not give it him—I suspected it, and gave it to my brother—he looked at it, and said to the prisoner, "Will you walk with me as far as Mr. Packer's, in the Quadrant"—the prisoner consented, and they went together to Mr. Packer's—I followed them—Mr. Packer said, in the prisoner's presence, that he was the same man that had passed a bad 5l. note to him on the previous Saturday—my brother then had the note—he gave it to me back—ray brother, Packer, and the prisoner then went to the Vine-street Police-station, which is just opposite—I there took the date and the number of the note, and put my initials in pencil on the back—this is the note (produced)—I gave it the policeman, Thomas Mould.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You are not mistaken about the time? A. No—I looked at a clock at eight o'clock, because I do certain things with the books at eight o'clock, and I know it was not half-past eight, because that is the time we shut up shop—there was a young man from Mr. Packer's shop before the Magistrate—he is not here—I gave the note to my brother directly I received it from the prisoner.





DONALD ROWLAND
. On 22nd May I was in the shop with my brother—the prisoner came in, dressed as he is now—I had before that received an account of a person from Mr. Packer, and had been put on my guard that morning—after the prisoner had agreed for the purchase of the things, my brother handed to me this supposed 5l. Bank of England note—I looked at it—I walked between him and the door, and said, "You know where you got this note from, I suppose, and can account for it?"—he said, "Yes, I can"—I said, "You must come with me, if you please, to Mr. Packer's, in the Quadrant"—he said he would go, and walked towards the door—I said, "I must take your arm, if you please"—we then walked down the street together—I said, "Do not consider yourself in custody, because we are only going to have it explained"—I was fearful of going too far, and having an action brought against me—he said he would not consider himself in custody, but if that was the case, he thought that he could go without being held—I did not let go of him—I went with him to Mr. Packer's, who said he was the same man that had passed a forged five on him on the Saturday—the prisoner did not say anything to that—I never lost sight of the note—I had it in my left hand in my pocket till I gave it to my brother.

Cross-examined Q. What time was it? A. About eight o'clock—the conversation I have stated was in the shop and as we walked along—just as we were going out of Mr. Packer's door, the prisoner said, "I do not under-stand all this," or "I do not know what it is about," or something of that sort.





THOMAS MOULD
 (policeman, A 123.) On Monday evening, 22nd May, I was at Vine-street station—the Drisoner was brought there about half-past

eight o'clock, by the two Mr. Rowlands and Mr. Packer, and given into of custody—I searched him, and found on him 8s. 10 1/2 d.—he stated to the inspectorthat his name was Pedro Germaine—he was asked his address, and he said he came from Jersey—Mr. Arthur Rowland gave me the note produced—Iput a mark on it—this is the same.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you, when you went before the—Magistrate, remember this conversation about Jersey? A. Yes.





NATHANIEL HARRIS
. I am shopman to Messrs. Slark and Dare, iron-mongers, in Cockspur-strect. The prisoner came there on 22nd May, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, dressed as he is now—he asked if we had got any plated candlesticks—I said, "No"—he said, "Then what have you got?"'—I said there were some metal ones in the window, and some bronze ones—he then turned round and said, "Have you got any table cutlery?"—I produced some balance-handled ones to him, 3l. a set—he said, "I do not like those; have you got any others?"—I then showed him half a dozen at 12s., which he said he would take—he asked if I could give him change for a 5l. note—I said, "Yes"—he gave me his name and address as Hall, Yere-street, Oxford-street—I repeated it to him, and then wrote it on the note in his presence—I gave him 4l. 8s. in change—this is the note (produced)—it purports to be a Plymouth note—it was sent to the Bank and returned as forged.

Cross-examined. Q. Is this your writing, "6, Vere-street, Oxford-street 5, 22, 48? A. Yes; this "W. S." is Mr. Slark's writing—I gave it to him next morning to pay into the Bank—I asked the prisoner for his address—I had never seen him before—I am confident he is the same person, by his dress—a good many gentlemen dress like that—I cannot tell how long he was in the shop—I should have known him if I had met him in the street—I know him by his dress and manner—I knew a person, now dead, very much like him, but he squinted—he came in like a man of business—Ipointed him out at the Police-court from amongst several others—I do not know whether any were dressed in the same way—I only know him by his dress.

COURT. Q. When did you see him at the Police-court? A. Last Friday week, I think.

SIR J. BAYLEY. Q. Did you take particular notice of him in consequence of his likeness to your deceased friend? A. Yes, I did; I have not the least shadow of a doubt that he is the man.





CHARLES PACKER
. I am a jeweller, at 78, Quadrant. On Saturday evening, 20th May, between six and seven o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop, and said he wanted to look at some pencil-cases in the window, marked 5s. 6d.—he took one, and asked to look at some wedding-rings—he selected one at 10s.—he tendered a 5l. note in payment, and while I was giving him the change, he said, "I have put my name and address on the back"—I had not asked for it—this is the note (produced)—there is on the back of it, "Hall, Yere-street, Oxford-street"—I gave him the change—not liking the appearance of the note, I went down to the Bank of England the first thing on Monday morning, and they stamped it "forged"—I returned and informed my neighbours, and among others Messrs. Rowlands'.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was he in the shop? A. Twenty minutes perhaps—he did not decide on the pencil-case and ring directly—I have been very much punished by gentlemen taking things—I never saw him before—my young man was in the shop—he went before the Magistrate—he is not here

—I can swear to the pisoner by his general appearance and face—he had whiskers then, which he has not now—he had them when I saw him the second time.





THOMAS MOULD

re-examined. I have made inquiries at 6, Vere-street, anderery house in the street, and could not find any person of the name of Hall.





THOMAS IVY
. I live at Froome, in Somersetshire. I know the prisoner—his real name is either Edward or Edwin Moody.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not give this evidence before the Magistrate? A. I did not—I was subpœnaed.





JAMES BARTON
. I am one of the inspectors of bank-notes at the Bank of England. These two notes, dated Plymouth, 16th Nov., are forged in everyparticular—there is no water-mark of the Bank of England on them—theyare both from the same plate—this one, dated Manchester, 16th Feb., 1846, is forged also.

Cross-examined. Q. Are they good imitations? A. No—I never heard of the Bank paying a forged note and refusing a genuine one—I do not know whether it has occurred or not—I have been there thirty-five years—the engraving is not like that of a genuine note—it is very badly executed altogether—(looking at a note produced by Mr. Payne)—this is a genuine note—to mypractised eye, I have no difficulty in discerning the difference—I see a good many thousands in a day—they might deceive other persons, I cannot say.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Twenty Years
.
