



1731. 



GEORGE GROTRIX
alias
 Richard Collinson




, feloniously and knowingly uttering counterfeit coin after a previous conviction.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BELLAMY
. I produce an examined copy of the record of a conviction which I obtained at the office of the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—I compared it with the original—it is a true copy—(read—George Grotrix, convicted April, 1848, confined twelve months).





JAMES BAKER
 (policeman, P 98). I was present when George Grotrix was tried at the Newington Sessions in April, 1848, for uttering counterfeit coin—the prisoner is the person—I knew him before.





ELIZA TURNER
. I am servant to Mr. Pither, who keeps the Duke's Head, at Bedfont. On Wednesday, 22d Aug., between one and two in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner there—he asked for twopenny worth of gin and a drop of cold water—I served him—he gave me a half-crown in payment—I gave him a shilling, two sixpences, and a fourpenny-piece in change—he stopped but a very few minutes after he got the change—I put the half-crown into a cup in the till in the bar—there was no other half-crown there—the prisoner was brought back again in about half-an-hour by Mr. Pither, the policeman, and another man—I gave the half-crown to the policeman before he went after the prisoner—it had been locked in the till and I had the key in my possession all the time.

Prisoner. Q. What money was there in the cup? A. I cannot say exactly—there were two or three shillings and two or three sixpences—there was no one in the bar but myself—my mistress came in while I was serving you—I do not recollect any one but you being served at the bar—there was no man in a smock-frock—I believe my mistress did serve a gentleman with a pint of beer—I do not know what money he gave her, or what change she gave him—I believe he gave her some pence—my master had the half-crown in his hand, and rang it on the counter, and I then took it up and gave it to the policeman—it was not out of my sight.

COURT. Q. What money was kept in the cup? A. Silver only; the copper was put in the till generally—I am sure there was only one half-crown in the till.





THOMAS WHEATLEY PITHER
. I keep the Duke's Head at Bedfont. I saw the prisoner in my house about twelve o'clock—the policeman Bray afterwards came to the door, and in consequence of what he said I spoke to Turner—she unlocked the till in my presence, and gave me a half-crown from the cup—there was only one there—I sounded it on the board, and gave it back to her—I then went in pursuit of the prisoner—I found him about three quarters of a mile from my house—I took hold of him—he put his hand into his pocket and pulled out a purse containing coin—he threw it on the ground—I took it up and put it in my pocket till I saw Bray; I then give it to him—it contained fourteen counterfeit half-crowns.





THOMAS BRAY
 (policeman, T 200). I was at Bedfont on 22d Aug.—in consequence of something I heard I went to the Duke's Head—I afterwards went in pursuit of the prisoner—I received this bag from Mr. Pither; it contained fourteen half-crowns—all but two were wrapped up in separate pieces of paper.


Prisoner. Q. How far were you from me when Mr. Pither stopped me? A. About thirty yards; I saw you throw something away, but could not see what it was—it was something light—I saw your hand in your pocket for some time before Mr. Pither came up to you—there was another person taken up on suspicion of passing bad money, and a third man was stopped and examined by Mr. Pither and another person—I did not suspect him—the person who was taken into custody besides you was Joseph Scales—he was taken before the Magistrate next morning—he was about 100 yards from you at the time Mr. Pither stopped you.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How was that person dressed? A. In a drab coat and dark striped trowsers, not in a smock frock—he was remanded, and afterwards fetched back and discharged—he had passed a bad half-crown to a person at another place.





JOHN KEMPSTER
. I am in the In-tellers Office, in the Bank of England. I have examined the half-crowns produced—there are four among those produced by Bray dated 1845, and ten of 1817—the one produced by Turner is dated 1845—they are all bad—I cannot positively say whether any of them were cast in the same mould with the one in question—they appear all to be made with the same metal, Britannia metal—I am not in the Mint—I am sent from the Bank—I cannot tell whether any of them have been cast in the same mould; I should think it would be impossible for any one to say—all I can say is that they are bad.

Prisoner's Defence. I positively deny the charge; on 22d Aug. I was going to Egham races; I had nearly 2l.—worth of silver in my pocket; I went into Pither's house for a drop of gin; I gave no half-crown at all, it was a shilling, and I received sixpence and a fourpenny-piece in change; whilst standing at the bar, a man came out of the tap-room for a pint of beer and was served by the mistress; he gave her some money and received some silver in change; I cannot positively swear what it was; I saw a shilling and sixpence perfectly; I then came out and proceeded along the road towards Egham; when I got about a mile and a half on the road, Mr. Pither came behind me, collared me, and charged me with having passed some bad money at his house, and about two minutes after the policeman came up and took me; I walked a few paces, when he returned back a short distance and picked up something; what it was I do not know; he returned and said he had picked up a bag, and accused me of having thrown it away; the man who was taken into custody at the same time I was, was not above five yards from me at the time in the custody of a butcher who had collared him by the policeman's order, on suspicion of passing bad money, and he was identified as having passed a bad half-crown at another public-house; he was just as likely to throw away the bag as me; the policeman took my money from me, so that I have not been able to get counsel.





THOMAS BRAY

re-examined. I found on him four half-crowns, seven shillings, four sixpences, and four fourpenny-pieces, all good—that was loose in his pocket—Scales was going in the same direction as the prisoner—I should say he was 100 yards from the prisoner, or it might be rather more, when he threw away the bag—I am positive the prisoner threw it down—it was impossible that Scales could have done it—I saw the prisoner throw it out of his hand, and saw it fall to the ground.





ELIZA TURNER

re-examined. I am sure it was not a shilling I received from the prisoner—it was a half-crown, and I gave him a shilling, two six-pences, and a fourpenny-piece.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.



Before Mr. Justice Williams.

