




924. 




JOSEPH CLARK
 and 




ANN WILSON



, stealing 1 purse, value 1s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, 4d.; 2 silver coins, 4d.; 2 silver coins, 4d.; 2 letters, 2d.; and 6 sovereigns; the property of 



Edward Hyde, from his person.


MR. BRIAELY
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD HYDE.
 I am a grocer. I did live at 104, Praed-street, Paddington. On 22nd Jan., between one and two o'clock in the morning, I was in Panton-street—Wilson met me, and requested me to treat her—I took her to the One Tun, in the Haymarket, and she drank there—I afterwards went with her in a cab, to Pump-court, Westminster—we went to bed—I had seven sovereigns and two small silver coins, and a silk handkerchief—I secreted my purse and money under the bed, within half an hour after I entered the house—at half-past seven o'clock I took a sovereign out of the purse, and gave it her to get something to drink—I then put the purse into my waistcoat-pocket—she fetched some liquor in a stone bottle—I took some—I did not see that she took any—I fell into a state of stupefaction, but was partly conscious, and distinctly saw her take the purse, and two letters from my pocket-book, and the handkerchief off my neck—she made her escape into the passage—she was stopped by the prisoner Clark, a dispute arose about the money—I was sufficiently sensible to recognise his voice—I could not catch any word distinctly—I came to in about half an hour—I got off the bed—they heard me, and Wilson escaped from the house—I went to the room door, and saw her go out—I could see her without leaving the bed—Clark, and another man, came towards me—Clark said, "Who are you, sir?"—I said I had been robbed, and I believed he was accessory to the robbery—he said, "Let us have a search"—it was the same voice I had heard in the passage—we searched the bed-clothes and room, and found nothing—he went to a public-house, I went with him; the other man was with us, he abused me, and asked me to stand something to drink—I asked how they could expect that, when I had been robbed—I went to the top of the court, and found a policeman—we went to the house, and I heard Clark's voice up stairs—we went up, and found Clark—he was taken to the station, searched in my presence, and one of the letters which had been taken out of my book, was found on him—I was in a stupified state—I felt weak and very ill for a week after—there were two or three females at the One Tun—they drank with us, but I went away with Wilson only.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER.
Q. Are you in employ? A. I have been out of employ six months—I lived last with Mr. Higgs, in Newcastle-place, Paddington, for six months—I left him to go into the country to see my aunt—I had private reasons for leaving—I gave my employer a month's notice, and left him honourably—I can defy any master to prove me dishonest—I swear I was never charged with dishonesty—I have not had my

place searched by an officer, in consequence of a letter—if my brother does wrong it is no reason why I should—I have had two residences; neither of them were searched while I was lodging there—I had private resources of my own to live on—when I left Mr. Higgs I had between 30l. and 40l., which I have saved from time to time—the money in question was a part of it—I am not bound exactly to support myself—I live frequently with my father and mother—I live now at 44, Chapel-street, Paddington—wilson was in the room when I hid my money—I did it to secure it from her—I do not know whether she saw me do it, I endeavoured to do it without—it was not a minute after I took the drink before the drug took effect—I drank a small glassfull—I was lying on the bed, and she was standing by the side—I was not undressed—I had been on the bed from between two and three o'clock till half-past seven—I was partly conscious, I could see everything that took place, but was without the power of moving—my eyes were open—I saw her take the money out of my pocket, but could not call out or make any resistance whatever—it was not more than half an hour from the time I took the liquor till I got off the bed to follow Wilson—I do not remember receiving a letter dated 7th or 8th Jan., 1848, from my brother—his name is Edwin—there has not been a letter from him found—I had a brother tried and convicted at this Court, but that has nothing to do with me—he never told me he had two bags of coffee waiting in the back part of the shop for me (see page 742)—I do not say that I heard voices when I was in that state—when I came to I heard them disputing in the passage—the half hour had then expired.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. This is the first time you have mentioned about the public-house in the Haymarket, and going into a cab with Wilson? A. Yes—I was examined three times before the Magistrate—they did not ask me about going into a cab—I doubted the last time whether Wilson was the woman who went with me—I have not the doubt still—there is sufficient proof—I expressed strong doubt from being in liquor—I did not see her for a month afterwards—the Magistrate compelled me to prosecute—I was in conversation with Winsor, who will prove all this, not two hours ago—Winsor did not tell the name of the public-house—I knew the name of it—I had been in the habit of using that house—I was not aware which house Wilson and I went into, but I have proved it since—no one has told me, I know it perfectly well—Winsor made it all known to me, or I should have known nothing about it—she told me I went into the cab with Wilson—I had been drinking freely before one o'clock and afterwards—I took a good deal of liquor after that, till half-past one—I should say that Wilson saw my eyes open—when Wilson went out with the sovereign I heard voices immediately—I heard nothing more for half an hour.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER.
Q. You have sent repeatedly to Clark's father to have this matter settled? A. No—I know a person named Hyde—I did not send him to Clark's father—I do not know whether he went—I did not offer to settle this for any sum of money—they father sent for me, and I went to his house for the purpose of detecting the other man—he came to the spot, and we chased him more than two miles—I might have settled this the next day—the woman that Clark cohabits with came to my lodging; she offered to give me the whole 6l. if I would take it—I refused to make any compromise, I named no sum—I went to Clark's father twice—I have never said I would take any sum.





SARAH WINSOR.
 On the morning of 27th Jan. I was drinking in the One Tun, Argyll-place, Coventry-street, Haymarket—I saw Hyde, and drank with him—Wilson was with him—two or three glasses of brandy were drank—he

was very tipsy when he came in—he and Wilson went away in a cab, between one and two o'clock in the morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. Where were you examined? A. I was not before a Magistrate—Hyde came into the same public-house last Sunday week—I was there, and he got telling me about his being robbed—I said, "I was in the house drinking with you"—I told him he went into a cab—he did not know it till I told him—he asked if I should know the person—I said, "Yes"—there were six or seven persons in the room—one more female drank with him; I took no particular notice of her—I went out of the public-house at the time he did—I dare say he was there about three hours—the landlord was there—the landlady was not, she never sits up later than twelve o'clock—Hyde and the prisoner were in front of the bar—the landlord served them—I had seen Winsor before, but never know her





ROBERT LEE
 (policeman, B 112.) I took Clark in Pump-court—in taking him to the station, he endeavoured to pass this 5l. Bank of Elegance note, and three counterfeit sovereigns, to a man—I found this letter in one of his pockets, and one shilling, which he said he received from Black Ann—this is the Magistrate's writing to this deposition—(read) "The prisoner Clark says, 'I rent this house; I sleep there every night; I took my supper at a public-house in Palace-yard, and was afterwards at a public-house in Tothill-street, all night with my brother; I know nothing of the robbery; I was returning to my house early in the morning; I met a girl named Black Ann; she gave me a shilling for a night's lodging; when I got to the door of my house, I found some one had taken off the padlock; I went into the room, found the letter on the bed, and put it into my pocket."





EDWARD HYDE

re-examined. This is one of the letters that was in my book.
(William Freeman, a beer-shop keeper, of Smith-street, clerken well, gave Clark a good character.)

CLARK—


GUILTY. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.


WILSON—


GUILTY. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

