



2136. 



JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 chair, value 5s.: and 300 yards of gingham, 4l.; the goods of 



John Davey Langley; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN DAVEY LANGLEY
. I am a linen draper, and live at No. 26, Judd-street. On the 3rd of Oct., between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was going home—I was about fifteen yards from my door, and saw three men standing in front of my door—one of them took up a chair, with about 300 yards of gingham on it, and went to the other side of the way—I followed on the same side that I was on, and he was met about seventy yards off by another person—I crossed, and asked what they were going to do with it—they dropped it and ran off—I followed the prisoner, and he was stopped by the officer—I cannot swear whether he was the one who took the goods or the one who met the other—the goods were thrown down by the thief or the man he met.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. There were three men at first? A. Yes—I would not say whether the prisoner was one of them, but my impression is he was not—the person carrying the goods was met by another man, who it is my impression was the prisoner—he was coming in an opposite direction, running rather fast to meet the other—they met about seventy yards towards Hunter-street, not so far as Hunter-street—it was dark—I could not see where the new comer came from—as soon as he came up they appeared to be parting the goods—the party that stole it had it, and the other man came and put his hands under the chair—I am positive he did not come up to stop him—I crossed over, and the instant I spoke they both ran off—when the other man came up the man with the chair stopped, and then I crossed immediately—I left the other two men who were on the same tide that I was—the chair was outside my door—I did not see the men many seconds before the chair was removed—I cannot say that I saw the men talking—I was some distance from my door.

COURT. Q. Are you sure the prisoner was the one of the three who

carried off the property, or the fourth man? A. I am positive he is one of the four—if he was not the man who met, he was one of the three.





WILLIAM BEALE
 (police-constable S 88.) I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw the prisoner running before about twenty people—I ran after him—he ran from me—I caught him by the sleeve of his coat—he got from me—I caught him again by the collar and held him.

Cross-examined. Q. It was five or six minutes before the other witness came up, was it not? A. I cannot say to a minute or two.

COURT. Q. Did the prisoner tell you he wished to have something done? A. Yes—at the station he seemed to wish to have it ascertained whether he was the third or the fourth person.





CHARLES CHIVERS
 (police-constable T 63.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted the 4th of Nov., 1845, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.**—


Transported for Seven Years.

