



2167. 




FREDERICK WILLIAM SOUTHCOMB



, feloniously forging and uttering an acceptance to a bill of exchange for the payment of 7l. 10s. 6d. with inteit to defraud 



Henry Hems.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






HENKY HKMS
. I am an ironmonger, at 39, High-street, Islington. On 23rd Feb. the prisoner came to my shop for some goods, and looked out a quantity—he then said he wanted me to make him some tin saucepans, with copper bottoms; but before that he said he supposed I should want a reference—I said, "No." what he had looked out I expected he would pay for—he

said he could not pay for them, but he would give me a bill at a month—I asked his name—he said Frederick Corking, and be said he would refer to his father, who was living in Mexican-terrace, Caledonian-road—I got this bill of exchange, for 7l. 10s. 6d., from the prisoner (produced)—I saw him write this acceptance to it—I was not satisfied with the acceptance, and he took the bill away, and brought it again, with this indorsement on it—it does not appear to be the same writing as the acceptance—I parted with my goods on this bill—he got goods to that value—three or four days before it became due, I was given to understand he was removing, and I went to 17, Greenman's-lane, which is the address on the bill—I did not find him there—I vent a second time, and found him removing—I went to Mexican-terrace, to give notice of the bill being due—I afterwards saw my goods at Mr. Walton's, a pawnbroker's.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSOX. Q. You found the name of Corking over the door of the baker's-shop, in Greenman's-lane? A. I did—I did not agree to give him the credit he asked for, on inquiring of Mr. Smith, entirely—I found he had taken a house—he gave me the name of a neighbour, who had supplied him with goods—I found that to be the fact, and then agreed to supply him—I never asked him for his father's indorsement; it was his own offer.





JOHX POWELL
 (policeman, G 53). I was present at the prisoner's examination—I heard the clerk ask bis name—he said, "Frederick William South-comb."





CHARLES COX
. I know the prisoner. I first saw him in the beginning of June, this year—he gave me the name of Frederick Whittingham.





JAMES BURGON
. I am a carman. I have known the prisoner about ten years—I have known his father and his family—his name is Frederick Whittingham.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you known him latterly? A. Yes; I saw him about ten or three months back.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. PARKY
stated that there were seven other charges against the prisoner, and that he had defrauded about thirty tradesmen.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

