




123. 




THOMAS READY
 and 




JAMES HENVILLE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of Nov., 1 jacket, value 12s., the goods of 



Edmund Moriarty; and that Ready had been before convicted of felony.






EDMUND MORIARTY
. I am a labouring man. I had a jacket on the 6th of Nov.—I left it under the centre of the arch of a sewer where I was at work—I saw it safe two minutes before eleven o'clock, and missed it in the course of five minutes after—this is my jacket—I saw the two prisoners there.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Have not one or two of your mates jackets like this? A. I know this is my own jacket—I know it by this pin which is in it, and which I use for my pipe when smoking—it was in the pocket of this jacket when it was taken—I can positively swear this is my jacket—there was a jacket bought for a bricklayer, a mate of mine, at the time I bought this—I can swear to this—I will show you another thing in it—here is a steel pen—I showed this pen and this pin at the station—there was a jacket bought at the time I bought this, but that is different to mine—one jacket will not fit another man—I can swear to this jacket—here are some lucifers in it, to accommodate myself, and to light my pipe.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am servant at No. 16, Crown-street. I was going to Gray's Inn-road on the 6th of Nov.—I met the two prisoners and another person coming towards me—they said, "We will stop here till two o'clock, and if we cannot get anything here, we will go to the Chalk-road"—I returned in about ten minutes, and passed them, and when I had passed I turned, and Henville ran past me with a jacket—I called to some men who were at work in a sewer, and they pursued them—when they got to Argyll-street, Henville gave the jacket to Ready—they were caught in Judd-street—I am sure the prisoners were two of them.





GEORGE SHERIFF
. I stopped Ready, and one of the bricklayers' labourers picked up the jacket, which I saw lying on the pathway.





THOMAS DAVIES
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Ready's former conviction, which I got from the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell—(read)—he was convicted of stealing twelve shoes and twelve boots, value 1l. 10s., the goods of Ralph Wilcoxon—the prisoner is the person.
(Samuel Tarry, a smith, living in Fitzroy-court, gave Henville a good I character.)

READY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years
.

HENVILLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Three Months
.
