




417. 




JOHN SAUNDERS
 and 




WILLIAM WEST
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of Jan., 1 firkin, value 1s.; and 561bs. weight of butter, 2l. 9s.; the goods of 



John Paul Summerly; and that Saunders had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN PAUL SUMMERLY
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in Victoriaplace, High-street, Hoxton. On Tuesday evening, the 14th of Jan., I placed a firkin of butter in my shop, near the door, and about ten minutes after I had done so I found it had been moved about a yard from the door—it had been partly on the cill of the door, and partly in the shop—somebody had pulled it away from there the distance of a yard.





ELIZABETH ANN ANDRISS
. I am in the prosecutor's service. A little after six o'clock on Tuesday evening, the 14th of Jan., I went out for the purpose of closing the side shutters of the house, and I saw Saunders taking the firkin of butter from the door—he was alone—he saw me, and put it down—I went in to tell my master—Saunders crossed the road, and I saw no more of him.





JOHN NEWELL
 (police-constable N 102.) On the night of the 14th of Jan. I was on duty, in plain clothes, in Old-street-road, and saw the two prisoners—I turned round and watched them up Hoxton-town—I saw them go to the prosecutor's shop, and look into the window—Mr. Summerly was at that time in the shop—they crossed the street, and went back again to the shop—Mr. Summerly had then gone into the parlour—they then came down the town where I was standing—I saw West point to the shop door, and make a motion with his hand—Saunders then went to the shop—I saw him look in at the door—he then went down a dark street by the side of the shop—West was near me at the time—I lost sight of Sannders about a minute—I taw the girl come out, and return into the shop again—shortly afterwards I saw Saunders come out of the street, join West, and they went down the town together—West was from 20 to 30 yards from the shop at the time Saunders was by the firkin—Saunden was standing by West at the time he made the motion with his hand—I have no doubt they were speaking, but I could not hear any discourse—Saunders then went in the direction of the shop, and turned round this side street—West stood where he was, from twenty to thirty yards off.

MR. SUMMERLY
re-examined. The firkin was entirely removed from the spot which it had previously occupied—my shop is a corner shop—the main road is on one side, and the dark street on the other—the door is at the angle—the firkin was removed towards the dark street—this is the firkin.





JAMES BRENNAN
 (police-constable N 69.) I produce a certificate of Saunders's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial, and know him to be the person—(" read—Convicted 8th April, 7th Vict., of larceny, and confined six months.")

SAUNDERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

WEST—


GUILTY.* Aged 28.





Transported for Seven Years.

