



306. 




EDWARD BILLINGTON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; and 17 10l. bank-notes; the property of 



John Smith; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SMITH
. I returned from Australia about five months ago—I am a labouring man—I am of no profession—I have wrought at different things. On Tuesday, the 13th of Oct., I was in Caroline-street, Bedford-square, about eleven o'clock—a person came up to me just at the corner, who afterwards gave the name of Captain Harvey—I had some conversation with him, and, in consequence of his invitation, I went to a public-house with him, and had some beer—the prisoner came in and joined us—he said he came from

America the week before—he introduced himself by asking if we could give him any information about the Museum, as it was shut that day—he showed some American small notes, by appearance, and some drafts also—he spoke about going to see a lawyer at Gray's Inn—my intention was to go to Caroline-street, but it was too late then, and they said if I would go down into the City with them we would have a beef-steak together—I went with the prisoner and Harvey to Gray's Inn coffee-house—we had some more beer there—Harvey and I then came out, leaving the prisoner there—we were to meet him there at two o'clock—we went into the City—I had an order on the Bank of Australia, No. 8, Austin-friars—I went there, and they gave me a check to go to Smith, Payne, and Smith's—Harvey went with me—he showed me where it was, and went in with me—I there received seventeen 10l. notes and 9s. 3d.—Harvey and I then went to the Gray's Inn coffee-house, and saw the prisoner standing in the doorway—we then went to the Lincolnshire-house, a little further down Holborn—we had a beef-steak and some more beer—we then went to the Barnard's Inn coffee-house—the prisoner made an offer of money to both me and Harvey—I did not accept the offer, but Harvey did—while we were in the Barnard's Inn coffee-house, the prisoner said he would go over to Gray's Inn and see if his lawyer was come—Harvey said something about his not returning—the prisoner took out his pocket-book, laid it down, and said, "If I am not back in ten minutes, there is 500l. in notes and bills in it"—he did return, and took his pocket-book up—Harvey then went out for a stamp for the 100l. which the prisoner had offered to lend him—when he went the prisoner asked him to deposit his pocket-book, and he did so—Harvey did not go out of the house altogether—he came back, and beckoned to me, and said, "I want to speak to you"—I went out, and when I was going I was accosted by the prisoner, who said, why did I not do as he had done and Captain Harvey—he did not say anything about my pocket-book—I took out my pocket-book and laid it down—I had taken out my pocket-book since I came from Smith, Payne, and Smith's—I am sure the notes were in it when I laid it down—I went out with Harvey, leaving my pocket-book on the table—I do not know what Harvey wanted with me—I knew that he was going for a stamp, at least he said so when he was going out—I accompanied him some distance down Holborn, leaving the prisoner behind, and my pocket-book on the table, and Harvey his pocket-book also—after I had gone some distance, I became alarmed for my pocket-book, and returned—Harvey did not return with me—he wanted me to go further on, and that aroused my suspicions—I said, "No, I will go back now"—I had not been gone more than three or four minutes—when I returned I did not find the prisoner, nor my pocket-book, nor Captain Harvey's—the prisoner and the books were gone—I gave information to the police, and described the person of the prisoner and Harvey—on the 23rd of Nov. I went to Giltspur-street Compter—I went alone—I was shown a number of prisoners, I should say from twelve to sixteen—I saw the prisoner, and identified him immediately—he is the person I was with—I was in company with him above three hours on the 13th of Oct.—we had been in several public-houses—I was sober when I was in Barnard's Inn coffee-house, and at the time I lost my book.

COURT
Q. How many public-houses had you been into? A. Four—in the first we had two pints of beer, between Harvey and me—the prisoner had ale—the next place we had one pot between us three, and that was not all drank—the next place we had two pots, and in the last place they had a glass of gin and water each—I had a glass of brandy and water.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Where was it you had the brandy and water? A. At Mr. Castle's, in Holborn, where I lost my pocketbook—it

is a few yards below Barnard's-inn—I was at the Barnard's-inn coffee-house about an hour, and at the Lincolnshire house an hour and a half or better than an hour—it was there we had the beef-steak—a pot-boy waited on us at the Barnard's-inn—I should not have known him again, but I have seen him since—we were waited on by a woman at the Lincolnshire house—I have seen her since—both of them were examined at the Mansion-house—I do not know whether it was against the prisoner or for him—I heard them examined—I don't know whether there were two other men taken with the prisoner—I was shown three men—neither of the other two resembled Captain Harvey—if they did they were a good deal disguised—I could not identify them as the persons who were with me—the prisoner was not so much disguised—when he was in company with me he had two coats on, and when I saw him again he had but one, and the hat he had on was a great deal broader than what is generally worn, which makes a different appearance—lie had a neckcloth on when he was drinking with me—there was nothing else particular that I recollect—he had his hat off, and I noticed his hair and his head then—I gave a description of him to the superintendent, I believe—I said he was a man between fifty and sixty years of age, of fairish complexion, oldish, and stout—I may have mentioned some other particulars, but I think that is nearly all but describing Captain Harvey's dress—I said the man that robbed me was about five feet five inches high—I should say the coat the prisoner has on is not unlike the coat he had on then, but he had an outside coat on—I am not a teetotaller, but I am a moderate man, I do not drink very much—the inspector and policeman can mention whether I was drunk or not—I was taken to a place where I identified the prisoner—I was in Scotland, and I got a letter from London communicating to me that the prisoner had been taken—this is the letter—I had this and another letter together, only different in the dates—the constable, Bray, took me to identify the prisoner—I had no conversation with Bray—he had not seen the prisoner—the gaolor showed me the persons that were in the cell—I had no conversation with him—he told the constable he had better go with me, and the constable was to wait—the prisoner was in a row of persons ranged against the wall—the prisoner was near the bottom—there were some taller and some less than the prisoner—there were some younger than the prisoner—I did not examine them to see whether he was the oldest man amongst them—there were no women—the person told me to see if there was anybody there I knew—there was nobody else like the man—there was another person whose countenance appeared familiar to me—he was amongst them—he was one of the three that were taken—I did not think it was him—I did not say I knew that person; his countenance appeared familiar, I thought I had seen his countenance before, but could not recollect where—he was a stout man, the Captain was a thin man—I don't know whether Chulm was the man whose countenance I thought I had seen.





CHARLES SMITH
 I am head waiter at the Gray's-inn coffee-house—I was so on Tuesday, 13th Oct.—the prosecutor came to Gray's-inn coffee-house that day—there were two men with him—they had some ale—I served them, and took the money—they were not there more than half an hour—I believe the prisoner was one of the other two men, I have very little doubt about it—I think I should know the other man.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you mean by little doubt? A. I would not undertake to swear the prisoner was the man—they had all black hats—there was nothing remarkable about their hats that I noticed—they sat down at our house—I think they had not their hats off at all—I think the prisoner

had a similar coat on to what he has on now—I noticed it outside when he was in the room.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Had he two coats on? A. I think not—it is not common at our house for persons to come for beer, such a thing has not occurred since.





WILLIAM BRAY
 (City police-constable 223.) I recollect being on duty in Holborn, on 13th Oct.—the prosecutor came to me about twenty minutes past three o'clock—he made a communication to me—he gave me a description of a person, I recollected seeing a person of that description about half an hour before—the Barnard's-inn coffee-house and the Lincolnshire house are very near, there is only one door between them—I afterwards heard there was a person in custody on a charge of robbing the prosecutor—I went to the Compter on the 23rd Nov., in company with the prosecutor and the 'police-sergeant—I did not go into the ward with the prosecutor—I saw him come out of the door two hours afterwards, as I was standing in the street by the side of the door—I identified the prisoner as the third person that went in the cab—I said, "That is the man I saw in Holborn, I am positive of it"—I took him to be a man that came from the place I came from, from Plymouth, and I walked several feet after him to speak to him be before I found my mistake—it was not many feet from the door of the Lincolnshire house that I saw him—he appeared to me as if he had come out of the door—when the prosecutor came and told me he had been robbed he was perfectly sober—I put on my other clothes and went with him to see if we could find the parties he had given the description of—he had not finished giving the description when Mr. Scott, the inspector, came up.

Cross-examined. Q. If you knew all this, how came you not to be examined? A. I do not know how it was—I spoke of it at the Mansion-house—I did not speak of it on oath—it was in the prisoner's hearing—I deposed to this publicly—I believe Heddington spoke to the Lord Mayor first, and said I was the man that saw him—I was not sworn, but I spoke of it publicly—I was on the left hand side of the prisoner—I did not shout out—Heddington called out to me to state what I knew—my evidence was not taken down—the evidence of Farr and Chapman was—they were both examined at the Mansion-house—I cannot tell who brought them—they were there—the prosecutor described the man that robbed him as having a dark wrapper and dark trowsers, and a kind of striped waistcoat—that answered very much the description of the person I saw.

MR. RYLAND. Q. While you were at the Mansion-house on other business was this case called on? A. Yes—what I have stated was an observation to a brother officer, and he made mention to the Lord Mayor at the time about it.
----SCOTT I am acting inspector of the City Police. I was on duty in Holborn on the 13th of Oct.—I saw Bray, and the prosecutor was talking to him—I heard him give a description of the persons he charged with robbing him—he was perfectly sober.

Cross-examined. Q. What age was it he gave? A. He described two men, one about thirty-five, the other about forty-five,





JAMES RACE
 I am one of the turnkeys of Giltspur-street Compter. On the 23rd of Nov. I was present when the prosecutor came to the prison—I was in the yard—I arranged the prisoners for the prosecutor to look at them—I have said there were about half a score prisoners, but I have since ascertained there were eleven—the prosecutor identified the prisoner, who was standing at the further end, within about one or two of the end—he looked at

the prisoner and identified him, and turned back—Mr. Evans asked him if he knew any other person—he made a bit of a feint, and then said he did not.

Cross-examined. Q. Had the prisoner his hat on? A. Yes—I am not able to say whether it was a broad-brimmed hat—I do not know that I should be able to ascertain it again.





GEORGE EDIS EVANS
 I am one of the turnkeys of Giltspur-street. On the 23rd of Nov. the prosecutor came for the purpose of seeing some prisoners—he saw eleven, and he picked out the prisoner, who was I think the last but one or two in the row—he got opposite to him—he made a stand and looked up and down, and pointed him out—I asked him if there was any. body else he knew—he looked at one man, but did not think he was the other party.

JURY
Q. Were there any other persons about the same age as the prisoner? A. I should not like to say—I did not take that particular notice.





ELIAS MILLER
 (City police-constable, No. 94.) I was present at Giltspur-street when Bray was there—I saw the prisoner come out, and Bray identified him—he said to me, "That man has been up and down my beat two or three times—I will swear once was on the day the robbery was committed;" the prisoner was in the cab—Bray stood as near as he could to the corner of the front wheel—the prisoner was about a yard off him—it was possible he might have heard it.





JOSEPH HILBOROUH
 (City police-constable, No. 20.) On Saturday, the 14th of Nov., I was in Cheapside—I saw the prisoner walking by himself—two men, who turned out to be companions of his, were walking on the other side of the way—I had heard of this robbery, and was sent to make inquiries the morning afterwards—I had heard the description of the man that committed the robbery—I followed the prisoner to London-bridge—I then took him, and the other two men, into custody—Chulm was the man who answered the description I had, but the prisoner was one of the men that I suspected had committed the robbery—I should have taken him, because I knew him to be a companion of the man that I suspected—I took the prisoner to Bow-lane station—I found upon him fifteen imitation sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, four flash notes, and these playing-cards, which are cut—they are not all of one size—I found on the prisoner about 13s. in real property, and on the three persons about 5l.

Cross-examined. Q. You had received a description of two persons? A. Yes—one who called himself Captain Harvey, and another person—I took Chulm, from the description we had, as being the person who committed the robbery—I considered the description referred to Chulm, and the other two were his associates—there was no description to guide me to the other two persons—we only received a description of two persons, and Chulm answered the description of one—I thought the other persons were in it—I went to the public-house and brought the bar-maid and the pot-boy—I did that by order of my superior officer.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






HENRY FARR
 I am pot-boy at the Swan and Sugar Loaf in Fetter-lane. On the 13th of Oct. I was pot-boy at the Barnard-inn coffee-house—on the 13th of Oct. there was a police-sergeant came to the back door and asked me if they were gone out—that was about a quarter of an hour after this robbery had been committed—that makes me recollect the day on which this robbery took place—I recollect the two persons who were in the parlour with the prosecutor—they were the two men that were acquitted—I am quite confident the prisoner was not one of the men who was with the prosecutor—about a month afterwards I was told by the sergeant to go to the Bow-lane station—I then

saw the three persons who were afterwards examined at the Mansion-house—I made the same statement that I have to-day—I know the other two came into the parlour with the prosecutor, but the prisoner I am confident was not in the parlour.

COURT
Q. Was the prisoner at the public-house? A. I never saw him at all—I saw the other two who were acquitted—I am confident they came into the parlour with the prosecutor—they were Chulm and the other—I did not know who they were when they came, but they shut the door so quickly I had a little suspicion—I went in with the poker to stir the fire—I do not know the prisoner—I never saw him—he wis not there.

MR. BALLANTINE
Q. There were two others in charge? A. Yes, and while they were in charge, and might have been detained, I made the same statement.





MS. RYLAND

Q. When did you see the prisoner before? A. I saw him at the bar of the Mansion-house—I lived at the Barnard's-inn four months, within a week—before that I was at an opticians in Hatton-garden—I was there five months—I left because the business did not suit me—I am seventeen years old—before that I was at a cutler's in the Strand, as errandboy—I have a father and mother, who live at No. 10, Serle's-court, Templebar—the first place I saw the prisoner at was at the Bow-lane station—I went there on a Sunday, and saw the prisoner and two other men—I did not state there that I did not know any of the men—a police-sergeant came on the day of the robbery to ask me about it—on the day after the robbery two policemen came to me—I did not say positively to either of the policemen that if I were to see the men again I should not know either of them—I gave a little description of them—I did not tell him that if I were to see the men again I should not know either of them—I swear that positively.

Q. Look at this man (Russell), is he one of the men who came to you the morning after the robbery? A. I cannot say positively whether he is one or not—I did not say to one of these two policemen that if I were to see the men again I should not know either of them—I did not tell Headington, the officer, that I could not give any description of the men—I did not tell him I took no notice of them—the first time I took no notice of them, bat the second time I did—Headington came to me—he asked me what description I could give of the men, and I told him as well as I could—I did not tell him I took no notice of them—I was taken to the Bow-lane station—I did not say all I had to say at the station—I was shown three men there—I did not say I did not know anything of them—I did not profess myself to be ignorant about them—I went to the Mansion-house—I do not remember saying anything to Headington after I had been before the Lord Mayor—I never said to Headington or to Russell that I did not know anything about these three men—I remember there were two men and the prosecutor in the parlour of our house on the 13th of Oct—I was rather suspicious, and went in with a poker—I was suspicious at their shutting the door almost before I could get down stairs—I had never seen the prosecutor or the prisoners before they came into the parlour—I was suspicious of the other two, (not the prosecutor,) because they shut the door so soon—I came up directly afterwards almost, and pretended to poke the fire, and noticed them more particularly.

MR. BALLANTINE
Q. At the Mansion-house you made a statement? A. Yes—what was said was all written down—I did not give any particular description to Headington of the person I had seen at the Mansion-house, (Chulm,) I believe I said about how stout he was and how tall.

COURT
Q. Are we to understand that you never saw the two persons that you say were with the prosecutor before that day? A. Yes—they were not customers—I

never saw the prosecutor, nor the other two before—I was not suspicious of the prosecutor, but of the other two, because they shut the door—they slammed it to—there was one standing up before I came out—before I could well get out the door was shut—I do not know who shut it—customers sometimes shut the door, and sometimes I shut it—if a couple came in they would shut the door in three or four minutes, but these shut the door before I could get out almost.

JURY
Q. How long had you an opportunity of observing these parties after your suspicions were roused? I stepped in not more than a minute, or a minute and a half, and I noticed them more particularly—the prosecutor had a glass of brandy and water, and the two had 4d. worth of gin and water each.

COURT
Q. Did you go down for the gin and water? A. Yes—I took the gin and water and brandy and water in first—then directly I took that in, the door was shut—I had been in the room twice—I brought in the brandy and water and gin and water—directly I took that in and took their change they shut the door—the door was open—I saw they were all to very glad to pay for the liquor—the prosecutor was up, and he said he would not drink it till he paid for it, and directly afterwards the door was shut—I took the poker and went up, and noticed them more particularly—I am positive the prisoner was not there—when I went with the poker one of them was half standing and the other two sitting—when they were drinking the brandy and water and gin and water the two prisoners were sitting, and the prosecutor was just getting up—I then left the room—the prosecutor was just under the window—they were sitting by one table—I can hardly say which was nearest the door.

Q. Did you not tell us your suspicion was roused against the two, but not against the prosecutor, by their shutting the door, and have you not now told us that the prosecutor was getting up? A. Yes, but I do not know what he wanted, whether he was going to get his pocket-book or what—I suspected the other two because one shut the door—I do not know which of the three shut the door—I Suspected the other two, because they were so much acquainted with the prosecutor, and he being a countryman.

JURY
Q. Who took the order for the liquor? A. I did—I saw them three times—I took the order, and took the things—I then went in a third time, and I stopped longer then—I suspected the prosecutor was a countryman—I thought it was them shut the door.

COURT
Q. Though they were sitting down and he was getting up? A. They might get up in a moment and shut the door.





MARGARET CHAPMAN
 I am bar-maid at the Lincolnshire house, in Holborn. I remember an inquiry being made about a robbery that had been committed—I was taken up by the officer to the Mansion-house—on the 13th of Oct. the prosecutor came and ordered a steak—there were two other men with him—I have never seen them since they left the bar—I saw three men at the Mansion-house—the prisoner was one of them—I do not think he was one of the men in company with the prosecutor on the 13th Oct.—I cannot believe he is.

COURT
Q. Were either of the other two the men? A. No, neither of them were the men that came in with the prosecutor—this is a beer-shop and coffee-house—it is in Holborn, opposite Fumival's-inn—the persons I saw there were not in the habit of coming there—I cannot say that I ever saw them before—we have many come—they might have been before—when I saw the men at the Mansion-house I did not recognise them—I thought I had never seen them before—if the other men had been in the house I think I should

have known them—I know many gentlemen that come—some I know, and some I do not.





JOHN KIRKMAN
 I was in the police, I am now at the Polytechnic Institution. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial—I know the prisoner to be the man mentioned by the name of Edward Edwards (read Convicted 2d April, 1838, transported for seven years)—he was committed in 1843, but through the prosecutor not appearing, there was no bill found against him.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor has taken me for another man; I declare I am innocent; had I been guilty, is it likely I should be up and down Holborn every day, which I have been, and never missed a day? I never heard anything about it till the policeman took me, and when at the station I asked what it was for, and they said it was on suspicion of being at a place in Holborn; I asked what the charge was, and they said about this; the I officer that took me went and inquired, and he said he met one of his brother officers, who told him I was not the man, they had got the man.

COURT
to
JOHN SMITH
Q. You have now heard the prisoner speak, is the voice the voice of the man that you was with for three hours? A. Yes it is, my Lord—I have no doubt on earth of his voice—it is the voice of the man I was talking to.




GUILTY
. Aged 62.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

