



311. 




MARGARET WELCH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of December, 14 yards of velvet, value 12l.; 2 yards of ribbon, value 6d.; 12 yards of silk, value 1l. 16s.; 2 bracelets, value 3s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 box, value 6d.; 1 bag, value 2s.; 1 towel, value 3d.; and 1 fork, value 15s.; the goods of 



Sarah Tod, her mistress.






MARY HILLS
. I live with my sister, Sarah Tod, who is the widow of Colonel Tod. The prisoner was in her service for one week—I had been poorly, and left for a day or two—while I was away my sister gave the prisoner warning, and dismissed her—I returned on Monday evening, the 7th of December—I then missed the property stated—some of it is quite lost—some is here now.






JOHN HILLINGWORTH
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker in King-road, Chelsea. I have twelve yards of velvet, pawned for 3l. by the prisoner.





FRANCIS WASLEY
. I am a pawnbroker. I have one yard and three-quarters of velvet, pawned by the prisoner.





TRISTRAM ALLEN
. I have a silver fork which the prisoner offered in pawn—I stopped her, and gave her into custody.





ROBERT LEWIS GAWTREY
. I am a linen-draper. I sold this velvet to Mrs. Tod in July last—some of it has my mark on it.





MARIA TOTT
. The prisoner brought part of this velvet to me to make a bonnet, and this silk to make a dress.





ELIZABETH HARMAN
. I am searcher at the station. I found this shift on the prisoner.





MAURICE MULCAHY
 (police-sergeant B 2.) I took the prisoner—I found this small box—I asked if she had the key of it—she felt in her pocket, and pulled out a purse which I saw had some duplicates in it, and I found the velvet—I found in the box this reticule bag, some ribbon, two bracelets, this towel, marked "Tod," and 1l. 3s., which the prisoner acknowledged was part of the 3l. which she got for the velvet—a ring has been found on her since she has been in Newgate, which is one the prosecutrix lost.

Prisoner's Defence. The servant who had been there said she had some velvet which had been given her; I gave her 10s. for it; I left it in the drawer till the morning I was coming away; my mistress had me up three or four times in the night, and she told me I might put her linen on; the silver fork I got out of the parlour, and took up stairs to make use of; I was going to take the silk back to my mistress.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
