



2237. 




JOHN BENJAMIN FACEY
 was indicted

 for killing and slaying 



Eliza Slater.






SARAH SLATER
. I am single, and twenty-three years old. I have cohabited with a young man for two years, and live at 49, Went worth-street, Spitalfields, in the same house as the prisoner, who I have known since last Christmas—he gets his livelihood by begging in the streets, going out shallow, which means nearly naked—I have seen him go out begging, not in the clothes he wore at other times—he was in prison for a month—he came out, and was there a month after—my sister died on Wednesday, the 26th of July—he had lived with her some time, and for four or five weeks in that house—on Tuesday night, the 4th of July, I was in my room about ten o'clock, preparing to go to bed—my sister came up stairs and sat down—the young man who lives with me was at work in the room—Eliza was eighteen years old—she sat down in a chair—the prisoner came up in about five minutes, said he had been fighting, and had a cut under his eye—he called my sister a b—w—, up with his foot, and kicked her out of the chair—other words passed, which I do not remember, for I was very ill, and it did me a deal of harm—he up with his foot, and immediately kicked my sister at the bottom of the stomach—she laid nearly half an hour on the ground, senseless—it appeared a very hard kick—I gave her a little water, but he would not allow any one to touch her—he gave her no assistance—she came to in about half an hour, and said he had done her a great deal of harm; she felt dreadfully from the kick—she said, "Jack, you will be the death of me through this kick"—I do not remember what he said, I was so agitated—I led her into the next room to her bed—she did not walk very well—she came into my room next morning, and had a cup of tea—the prisoner was not with her—she appeared in great pain, and complained of pain at the bottom of her stomach—he took her out begging that day as usual—he was obliged to return in the evening—she was in such violent pain in the same place, I sent my other sister for Mr. Smith, the doctor—I begged of the prisoner to send for a doctor, and it was agreed she should fetch him—he ordered mustard and bran poultices, which I applied—he took her out again the next day or the day after—she kept her bed a little the day after having the poultice, then went out, and he brought her home very ill—she was obliged to keep to her bed for a week, and went out with him afterwards—she returned in dreadful pain, and a deal of blood passed from her, from the same place—I saw that—he took her out after that again for some days—she

always returned in great pain for a week or fortnight, and about a week before she died she took to her bed—she died on the 26th of July, about a quarter past nine at night—the prisoner came in a little before eight o'clock that night, and about an hour before he came in, my sister Esther, who was attending to her, called me down into the room where Eliza was—she said, "Sarah, I have something to reveal"—she was in great pain, and was praying—my sister Esther was present, and my sister Sophia—she is now at home, at her mother's—Esther had been reading to her—I did not bear her, but she had a testament and prayer-book in her hand—Eliza said that she found she was going—I begged of her, if she had got anything to name to me to name it—she appeared to consider herself as dying—she asked me to call the landlady of the house in, as a witness to what she had got to say—the landlady would not come, and I called John Robinson and the young man I live with—she then said, "Sarah, I have something to tell you before I die, for I cannot rest happy without; but the kick I received in your room has been my death"—I asked her if I should name it to her mother—she said, "Yes"—she said that the prisoner wanted her to lay it on a blow in the breast from a man they called Black Jack, and she was afraid to divulge it till she found death so near, as she was afraid of the prisoner—she seemed to want to be moved from where she was, out of the prisoner's sight, into my room, but we durst not move her—she saw the prisoner after telling me this, but said nothing to him—I said to her, in his presence, "Eliza, I will let your request be known to your mother, what you have confessed to me"—(meaning about the kick)—she said, "Do"—she asked me to pray by her, which I did, and that was the last she uttered till she died—Mr. Byles and Mr. Hart attended her, and opened her body after death.

Prisoner. She said at Worship-street, that she divulged this an hour before she died; and now she says it was an hour before I came in: she has spoken wrong all throughout. The only one that would speak the truth, a modest girl of sixteen, is kept at home. These girls are prostitutes, and the two men who live with them are supported by their prostitution. She never saw me begging. Witness. What I have said is true. I have seen him going out begging, and putting on begging clothes.

Prisoner. Q. Was she sitting down when I kicked her? A. Yes, on the chair—she was senseless for nearly half an hour.

Prisoner. How could I kick her there without leaving a mark; nothing of the kind took place; I was too much intoxicated. Witness. He was not intoxicated; he paid for some medicine for her afterwards.





HENRY TEMPLE
. I am a shoemaker, and live with the last witness in the back room of 49, Wentworth-street—the prisoner lived there, and cohabited with the other sister, Eliza—on Tuesday night, the 4th of July, I was in my room with the last witness—Eliza came in first, and then the prisoner came in—he went and stood over the fire-place—he was not drunk—he might have had a little to drink, but not much—he said to the deceased, "You b—w—it is you that has got me into this row "—she said, "How did I get you into the row, Jack "—he said, "You b—b—h, you did get me into the row, and he up with his foot, and kicked her at the bottom of the stomach—she fell down on the ground senseless, and remained on the ground pretty well half an hour—while she was on the ground he said, "You b—wh—" if I come to you, I will pretty soon make you get up"—I got up to go to her, and he said, "Harry, you shall not touch her"—he would not let me help her up—I sat down to my work, and after she came to, she got up, went into the next room where she lived, and went to bed—on the day she died, about an hour before she died, I was called down stairs—her three sisters

were there, and she was in bed—she said, "The kick that Jack gave me in the chair, up in your room, was the cause of my death"—Robinson was there; he came down with me—she appeared to know she was dying at the time she said this—she was living down stairs then.

Prisoner. It is quite false—he has a malice against me—I took Eliza out of the streets, and they took her away from me, and wanted her to prostitute herself—Mr. Broughton said he could see it was a conspiracy from what this man said. Witness. The account I have given is true—I am not stating this from any malice towards him.





JOHN ROBINSON
. On the 26th, shortly before the deceased died, I was sent for into the room, and found her, her three sisters, and Temple there—I heard Sarah say to her, "Now, Eliza, you are very near your death"—she said, "I know I am, Sarah; now I will speak the truth; I did say it was Black Jack; I said that through fear; it was not Black Jack, it was through the kick I received up in your room on Wednesday"—I remained till she died—this was said a very short time before she died—I was with her about an hour before she died.

Prisoner. This man said at Worship-street that I was in Newgate twice, and had six months each time, which I defy any one to prove. Witness. I said it in this way—before I was examined the prisoner said, "You must not hear that man, he has been in Newgate"—I said, "I have never been in Newgate—he has made a common boast that he has had two six months, and I think his name would sooner be found there than mine"—I am a weaver by business—what I have said is true.

Prisoner. He has been convicted from this bar, and is well known at Cold Bath-fields. Witness. I never was in Newgate in my life.





THOMAS HITCHEN
. On the 4th of July, I saw the prisoner and Black Jack fighting together at our house. The deceased was there, and she received a shove from Black Jack with the back of the hand—he said, "Get out of the way, Eliza, and don't you interfere"—I don't consider it was a blow—it was not a violent blow that might have occasioned her death—he pushed I her away with the back of his hand.

Prisoner. He is afraid to say more for fear he should be turned away, for Black Jack is a lodger in the house. Witness. That I deny in toto.






HENRY PEDLEY
. I am a starch-manufacturer, and am a Wesleyan Methodist. On Tuesday night, the 25th of July, about a quarter to nine o'clock, the day before the deceased's death, I went to 49, Wentworth-row, and found her in bed—she was in a dying state, and appeared to be conscious she was dying—I asked her how she was—she said she was very ill, she was dying—I asked her how matters stood between God and her soul—she said she was a great sinner, and desired salvation—the prisoner was not then present—Esther told me that her sister was murdered—I asked Eliza how she came by her end—she told me that some time previous, Jack (meaning the prisoner) was in a row along with a fellow called Black Jack, and he was going to strike him, she went in between and caught the blow herself on the lower part of her stomach—she said she felt the effects of the blow to the present time, that it caused a miscarriage, that she went out shallowing, or begging, the day after she miscarried, and caught cold, and that was the cause of her death—Esther said to me several times after this passed, that Eliza had got some more to say, she heard that—I went to the bedside and asked her—she said she had got no more to say, she had given me the whole state of her mind respecting the blow that caused her death—I saw her again about a quarter to eight next morning—I asked her whether her mind was the same—she said yes—she told me that her sisters requested her to say something more that

was not the truth, but she had given me the whole state of her mind respecting her death, and she had got no more to say—Esther told me, in her hearing, that Jack (meaning the prisoner) was the cause of her death—she said that one way in which he was the cause of her death was, at the time he was living with her, he had been along with bad girls and caught the bad disorder, and had given it to her, and she was then dying rotting on her bed—Eliza told me that if her sisters would but let her alone she should die easy, but they were quite a torment to her by agitating her mind—that was the principal of what passed between us—she appeared perfectly sensible—the first time Esther told me the prisoner had murdered her I asked her how, and she said she was sure she did not know—the prisoner had then left the room—he had been there before—when I first entered the room he was there—that was the first day.





THOMAS BURCHAM
 (police-constable K 33.) I apprehended the prisoner in a public-house in the Mint, in the Borough—I told him to come out—he said, "What for?"—I said, "The woman you lived with is dead; the Coroner has issued out a warrant for your apprehension"—he said, "I did not do it; it was done in a scuffle in a beer-shop; black Jack hit her in the breast."





ESTHER SLATER
. I am twenty-one years of age, and am sister of the deceased—I lived at home with my mother. I went to the house in Wentworth-street about three weeks before Eliza was taken ill, on account of Sarah being ill—I was with Eliza the night she died—I was there on the Tuesday evening, and remained all day on Wednesday—she was aware she was dying—two or three hours before her death, she said, "Is my eldest sister here?"—I said, "She is up stairs"—she said she had something heavy on her mind, and she could not die without she revealed it—I asked her what she had got to say—she said, "First call them all down"—I called them all down into the room—when they came, she said, "The kick he gave me up in your room, Sarah, was the cause of my death; the brutish treatment I have met with from him no one knows"—that was said about four o'clock in the morning, when we were alone, when they were all there—she said Jack Facey had been the cause of her death, the kick he had given her—after they went up stairs, she said, "For God's sake, take me up to my sister's room"—I asked her whether she was happy—she said, "I have one thing to say, let me be removed into my sister's room, for God's sake"—at that time she was in her own room—I asked why she wanted to be removed—she said that the prisoner had threatened her so, that he said he would be her murderer if she told us any thing about him, if she told any of her sisters—about four o'clock in the morning the prisoner was lying in one corner of the room, asleep, on a drugget—she rose up in bed, and asked to be removed to him—he instantly placed himself against the window, and said, "No, I shall not remove you," and called her a bad name—I was sitting with her, and said, "Never mind, dear, lay down"—the prisoner placed himself against the door, and said, "Oh, I wish I had had three months, instead of one, this job would never have happened."

Prisoner. She says she was only there three weeks before her sister died; she was there three or four months, and Mrs. Fleming, who keeps the house, turned her out, because she was out so late * * *. Witness. I had only been there three weeks, and had not been in the house before—I had been to my sister sometimes in the morning, and went home to my mother's to sleep—I have only left service six months, at Mr. Matheson's, in the City—Mrs. Fleming did not turn me out because I was out late at night—I never kept indecent hours—she never turned me out—she said she would

turn him out, for running a knife across her throat when she was taking medicine.

COURT. Q. Why not state before the Magistrate the conversation which you say occurred at four o'clock in the morning? A. I did not think it requisite—I answered the questions I was asked.





SAMUEL BYLES
. I am a surgeon, in partnership with Mr. Hart. I attended the deceased—I first saw her about the 21st of July, in bed, at No. 49, Wentworth-street—she was then labouring under inflammation of the bowels, quite at its advanced stage—I prescribed what I thought available, but I had no doubt at that time that gangrene had already commenced, and that no remedial treatment would do, that it was a hopeless case—I visited her every day till the Wednesday on which she died—I think she was aware that she would die for three or four days before her death—she clearly knew that she was dying on the Sunday—I was rather surprised to see such indications of so severe a disease in so young a person—I thought there must be something beyond the ordinary symptoms of disease, and asked her on the Sunday if she had been the subject of any violence—I should not expect such symptoms in such a subject unless from violence—she seemed to consider her case quite hopeless, and that she should die very speedily—she seemed to be quite in a desponding state of mind—I believe she had been told that she was in a hopeless state, and that her recovery was not at all probable—she appeared aware that she was on her death-bed—she told me that she had been pushed in the breast, by a black man, named Black Jack, in a public-house row—the prisoner was in the room at the time, but said nothing—I think he was present on every occasion when I went to see her—I attended her till her death—she was so scanty of clothing that her person was observable—there was no bruise or mark on her breast—the indications of gangrene increased, and she died on the Wednesday evening—I saw no marks of violence of any importance in any part of her body—there were some bruises on one leg, but nothing to lead to her death—I made a post-mortem examination—I found the intestines excessively inflamed, with patches of gangrene, or mortification in different parts—in tracing the convolutions of the intestines downwards, I arrived at the secun, and it was bound down to the side by inflammation, in such a way that the course of the alimentary canal was completely obstructed—it was adhering to an abscess which seemed to be connected with the ovaria—the ovaria appeared to have been lacerated, and that laceration to have been followed by ulceration, and an abscess had formed there, and spread—the left ovaria was perfectly healthy—the womb was larger than in its unimpregnated condition, but on examining it internally, I found unequivocal evidence of recent abortion—I think a person in a state of pregnancy, receiving a violent kick at the bottom of the stomach, would probably have inflammation of the ovaria such as I saw—I can scarcely imagine that a disease at that early age, would occur in that part, especially as I found the left ovaria perfectly healthy—the symptoms I saw were such as would result from such a cause—I hardly think it possible they could have arisen from natural disease at that age—disease of the ovaria scarcely ever occurs till a more advanced period of life, and where natural disease occurs there, it is not common to find one ovaria healthy—I saw no marks of a kick or violence, but I think most likely the external mark would disappear—the fact of there being no external mark, does not lead me to suppose that the inflammation of the ovaria could not have been occasioned by external violence—the fall might have caused the laceration, the rebound after receiving the kick—Mr. Hart attended with me at the post-mortem examination, and attended the patient two days before I saw her.






THOMAS HART
. I am a surgeon. I was called to the deceased on Thursday, the 20th of July, by the prisoner—I found her labouring under disease as Mr. Byles has described—I attended the post-mortem examination, and coincide with Mr. Byles' evidence in every particular—I told the prisoner on the Tuesday evening before she died, that I did not consider she would live twenty-four hours, but not in her hearing—the prisoner and one of her sisters in the room, told me on the Tuesday when she was nearly dying, that she had something to communicate respecting the cause of her illness—I returned to the bedside, and asked what it was she had to say—she made no reply, which I attributed to weakness—the prisoner then said that about three weeks previously she had received a blow in the chest from a black man, which had very much frightened her, that she thought it had brought on a miscarriage, which was the cause of her present illness—I then asked the deceased if she heard what the prisoner said, and if it was true—she said it was—in the post-mortem examination we found marks of recent miscarriage—that was not likely to have occasioned the injury to the ovaria—there was an abscess in the substance of the ovaria which was not likely to have been produced by miscarriage—I do not think it at all likely that a blow or push in the chest could have produced the appearances I saw—if she had received a violent kick three weeks before, that would account for the injury.

Prisoner's Defence. On the 4th of July I was at Mr. Sears's beer shop, the Wonderful Man, in Went worth street; I got into a row with an Irishman named Carney; I got the better of him, and black Jack came between us, and we fought; the deceased came between us, and he struck her in the chest; I afterwards went into the back yard, she was in a fit; and terr or twelve persons round her; in about half an hour she came to, and went up stairs; she went out with me next day, and was taken very bad; I brought her home, and asked one of the sisters to go for a doctor; she would not, and Esther went; the doctor said it was inflammation of the bowels, and ordered mustard and saw-dust poultices, and some stuff, for which I paid 18d.; she kept her bed that day, and next day we went out over London-bridge; she was taken ill again; I took her into a doctor's shop; he examined her, and said she bad miscarried; he gave her a draught, and I brought her home; she began to get better till the 19th of July, when she was very bad again, in Finsbury-pavement; I bought a piece of mutton to make her some broth, and a drop of wine; and she went to bed; I went to Mr. Byles's, and Mr. Hart came with me; they did all in their power for her; breath was not out of her body five minutes before the sisters Esther and Sarah began to blackguard me, and said I was a murderer; and if they could they would hang me; Mr. Hart said on Wednesday it was her mother's wish to have her opened; he did not come, so I went out to try and get a subscription to bury her; and when I came back they blew me up, called me a murdering rascal, and said she should be buried by the parish; Mrs. Pedley was there; I got no peace, and left them; it is all malice against me because I would not let her walk the streets; I had bad legs for some time; I would not go thieving, and was forced to beg to get an honest piece of bread; the medical gentlemen can say she was free from any disease when she died; this religious man was not called at the inquest, because they thought they could have it their own way.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

