




2322. 




JANE CHALTON
 and 




JAMES LANGLEY



, stealing 1 pocket-book, 3 shirt-studs, and 9 medals, value 2s. 1d.; the goods of 



Wilfred Rennell; and 66 spoons, and other articles, value 79l. 5s.; the goods of 



William Weir Marshall, the master of Chalton, in his dwelling-house.



MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM WEIR MARSHALL
. I am a bookseller and stationer, of 2l., Edgware-road, in the parish of St. Marylebone. On 1st Sept. I went with my wife into the country—I left Chalton in my house—she had been my service about four months—I had a character with her—I have since this robbery spoken to her about the character—she said she had not lived with the person who pave it her—I had written a letter to Lymington, and re-ceived a letter with the Lymington post mark on it, in consequence of which I took her—part of the plate was kept in a drawer, in a chest of drawers on the second floor, and the rest Chalton had charge of—I received information, I returned to town, and missed sixty-six silver spoons, a silver skewer, some clothes, sugar-tongs, boots, and other things.





THOMAS GIDDINGS
. I am a police-constable of Warminster. I took Langley on 16th Sept.—I found this ring on his finger, and this gold pin in his neckcloth—he had this pilot coat on, and a bundle containing a shirt, and two other articles—there were a pair of black trowsers—I found on him a gold chain, three handkerchiefs, and 5l. 10s. 5 1/2 d. in money—I told him the charge—he said he bought these three handkerchiefs in Frome.





CAROLINE BROWN
. I live at 64, Charlotte-street, King's-cross. Langley lodged at my house—the officer came there to search—there was a box in Langley's room which I believe was his—it did not belong to anybody else in the house—a woman was with him.





CHARLES BENNETT
 (police-sergeant, D 18). On 19th Sept., I searched Langley's lodgings, No. 64, Charlotte-street, King's-cross, and found in a box a number of keys—I saw this key produced by Pierce, which was in a drawer in the prosecutor's house in which the plate was kept, it is similar to one of those—I received these boots from Mrs. Moore, 47, Sidney-street, on 20th Sept.—this waistcoat and gold pin I got from Churchill about 24th Sept., and this wooden-box from Ann Lewis about 26th Sept.—here is a skeleton key amongst those I found in the box; it has been filed and altered from its original form.





JAMES PIERCE
 (police-sergeant, D 26). On the night of 4th Sept., Chalton told me the house had been robbed—I searched it all over, and in the second floor back room I found this skeleton key in the lock of a drawer—Chalton said the best plate was always kept there, and that they had broken open her box and stolen 30s., and some boots of Mr. Marshall's bad been stolen from his bed-room—no part of the house was broken—Chalton said she could not tell how it was done.

Chalton. I did not say the plate was kept in that drawer; I said I did not know—where it was kept, except what was in my bed-room. Witness. she said, "That is the drawer in which my mistress keeps the best plate"—I said, "Have you seen it out?"—she said, "No, it has not been out since the day of the christening."





CHARLES CHURCHILL
. I am a cabinet-maker, of Upper Charlton-street, Fitzroy-square. On 4th Sept., I saw Langley at the Queen and Prince Albert, at the corner of Great Titchfield-street—he told me he had been at work in the Edgware-road, and his master had gone into the country, than he had paid him the money, but he had not finished the work, and left some tools there—he asked if I would go and fetch them for him between ten and eleven o'clock in the evening, because they would be given to me at that time out of the front shop as there was no side door—he could not go for them himself as he was quite lame—he could not carrv the bng—he was obliged

to walk with a stick—he and I went together that evening to Mr. Marshall's—we passed by the door three times—the third time the door was opened, ane Langley said, "It is all right"—I saw a female at the shop door—she was a short female, or else was stooping—she handed out to me a carpet bag—there appeared to be clothes in it—it did not appear heavy, or to have any quantity of tools in it—I carried it to the first corner above Mr. Marshall's, and there Langley called a cab—we got in and rode to Trinity Church, New-road—I got out, went home, and left Langley and the bag in the cab—he told me to call on him next day as he was going to the hospital—I did so—the carpet bag lay down by the fire-place, and in the room there were two pairs of black trowsers, a green velvet waistcoat, this other waistcoat, and a few tools under the table—I asked him if he had a waistcoat to give away as I had but two—he gave me this red silk one, and this gold pin which I afterwards gave to Bennett—I went with Langley to the hospital—we came back in a cab—when we got out I saw he had both gold and silver.

Langley. I told him to go at nine o'clock that evening. Witness. No; we were not to go till the shop was shut up—he said the shopman would be out when they gave me the carpet-bag.





JAMES DUCKBURY
. I am errand-boy to the prosecutor. On the night of 4th Sept., when the bouse was said to be robbed, there was no female in the house but Chalton—no one else was in the house but me and Rennell the apprentice—I know Langley; he had been there on four successive Sundays to see Chalton—on one occasion, about two months previous to 4th Sept., I went into my bed-room, which is parted off from the kitchen, about one o'clock in the day, and saw Langley under my bed—Chalton cooks in the kitchen—she was down there—they could hear me run down.

Langley. Q. Did not Mrs. Marshall come down, and say some one had left the door open, and you told me to run into the bed-room, and you shut the door after me when I went in? A. No; I did not tell you to go in—I saw you under the bed; you were hid there, to prevent the family knowing you were in the kitchen.





CAROLINE BROWN

re-examined. On 4th Sept. Langley was at home till five or six o'clock in the evening, when he went out, and returned about eleven—next day I saw trowsers and waistcoats in his room—I had never seen any there before—on the Tuesday or the Wednesday I saw that he had upwards of twenty sovereigns—on the Friday before that, the woman that was with him had borrowed some money of me—she had taken the room of me, in the name of Moore—I did not know Langley by any other name than Moore—I did not ask him his name—I had not seen him with any money before that—he was to pay 3s. 9d. a week for his lodging—he paid me on the Monday evening, and he had paid me for three weeks before, I believe—I was never in the room till the Tuesday morning—they lived in the same room, as man and wife.

Langley. On 22nd August I received 33l. Witness. I never saw it.





ANN LEWIS
. I live at Stockwell—Langley came to my house on a Tuesday—he took this box from a carpet-bag, and said, "Mrs. Lewis, which of your children is most deserving of this box?"—I said, "Which you please"—he paused, and said, "Supposing I give it to you"—I said, "Thank you, I will take care of it; is it one of your own making?"—he said it was—he is god-father to one of my children, and he gave that child this pocket-book and these three shirt-studs—he had some gold—there were some coins in the box, and he gave them to mv eldest daughter.






CHARLES BENNETT

re-examined. This pocket-book and studs were in this box when I found it at Mrs. Lewis's.





WILFRED RENNELL
. I am apprentice to Mr. Marshall—when he went to Lewes, there was no one in his house but me, Chakon, and Duckbury after eight o'clock in the evening, on 4th Sept.—this box, pocket-book, studs, and coins are mine—the studs were in a little pill-box, which was in this box—it was kept in the cherfonier, in the drawing-room, not locked up—anybody could get at it—I do not know that Cbalton knew where they were.

Chalton. You know that I knew where these things were; you had robbed your master not long before, and these things were taken from you. Witness. I had robbed my master of some money from the till a few davs before—these things were taken from me in consequence, and put aside in the cheffonier—I was in the kitchen sometimes—I never saw Langley there—I did not stay in the house on Sundays.





CHARLES GREGORY
. I am a policeman, of Warminster. I produce a pair of braces and some handkerchiefs which I took from Langley's person—this black handkerchief I found in a carpet-bag, at his father's house.





HENRY HALL
. I am in the employ of a pawnbroker. I produce a waistcoat, pawned on 11th Sept.—I do not recollect by—whom.





SARAH MOORE
. I am Langley's sister. He gave me this waistcoat a few days before he went into the country, and the boots also—I gave them to Bennett.





WILLIAM WEIR MARSHALL

re-examined. This pilot coat, gold pin, gold ring, and other articles are mine—they were all in my house when I left—my plate was kept in a drawer, in the room in which the officer found the key—I know nothing about the key found in it—it would require no other key to effect the robbery—I had a green velvet waistcoat, which is not produced—I did not know of Langley's visits—I did not allow men to visit there—I never employed him.





GEORGE LE BLAQUIER
. The prisoners lodged at my house twelve months ago—they occupied one room, with another female—Langley had occupied the room about six months before Chalton—she was there about six weeks.

Chalton. I came backwards and forwards—I left part of my things there, but had a lodging elsewhere. Witness. She seemed to me to be constantly there—there were two children there—I considered Langley an honest, respectable tradesman.

Langley's Defence. I paid for these things.

CHALTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

LANGLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.





Transported for fifteen Years
.
