



1048. 




CHARLES MALSTER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of February, at 
St. George, Bloomsbury, 1 watch, value 29l.; 2 seals, value 8s.; 1 watch-key, value 6d.; 1 watch-guard, value 1s.; and 1 purse, value 2d.; the goods of 



James Reid, in the dwelling-house of 



Job Hancock.






JAMES REID
. I lodge at No. 2, Vernon-place, Bloomsbury, in the house of John Hancock—there are several lodgers in the house, and Mr. Hancock himself resides there. On the 15th of February, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I missed a gold watch, a key, two seals, and a guard, from an inner drawer of a chest of drawers in my bed-room—I had seen them safe about eight that morning—I have seen nothing of them since, but I lost a purse at the same time, from the same room, and this now produced is it.

Prisoner. Q. How can you swear the purse belongs to you; I bought it at Greenwich fair twelve months ago last Whitsuntide? A. I can swear to it by the tassels and the pattern, and I had spilt some lavender-water in my drawer the week before, and the purse smells very strongly of it—I have had it about a year—it was not in use at the time I lost it, but it had been—my watch was worth about 30l.





SARAH COPPING
. I am servant to Mr. Hancock, of Vernon-place, Bloomsbury. On the 15th of February, the prisoner was at the house cleaning windows—he was cleaning windows in Mr. Reid's room—I went into the room that day—the prisoner came again on the 16th—he was paid 1s. then—he was to be paid half-a-crown, and was to come next morning for the rest, but he did not come again—no one had access to the room besides me and the prisoner.





JOHN JAMES ALLEN
 (police-constable E 159.) I took the prisoner into custody—I told him it was for the gold watch in Vernon-place—he said he knew nothing about it—he attempted to get his hand into his pocket—I instantly seized it, gave his hand to another man, and immediately searched him—I found on him this purse, and 22s. in it—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury.

Prisoner. My hands were in my pockets when you seized them. Witness. They were not.

Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the watch—I could bring proof that I bought the purse in Greenwich fair.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

