





2124. 




CHARLES FLATT,



 WILLIAM GORDON
, and 



JOHN LEE
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ebenezer Benham, about the hour of two in the night, of the 
21st of June, at 
St. George, Bloomsbury, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 tea-pot, value 2l. 10s.; 11 spoons, value 2l.; 1 fork, value 12s.; I bread-basket, value 2l.; 1 toast-rack, value 5s.; 2 breast-pins and chain, value 5s. 2 rings, value 12s.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 1 knife, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 purse, value 1s.; and 1 sovereign, the property of the said Ebenezer Benham: and 1 pair of boots, value 5s. the goods of 



Ebenezer Benham, Jun.







EBENEZER BENHAM
. I live in Great Coram-street, Brunwick-square, it is my dwelling-house, and it is in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury. On the evening of the 21st of June, my house was left safely futened in the usual manner—I was called up about four o'clock in the morning, and found somebody had entered—I missed a tea-pot, eleven spoons, and some other things—this bread-basket and toast-rack were thrown away under the arches of the Adelphi, proving to be only plated—these are mine—these boots are my son's—this pocket-handkerchief and small double gold breast-pin is mine.





ANN BERESFORD
. I am in the service of the prosecutor. I went to bed at half-past twelve o'clock—the scullery-window was then safely shut—Flatt had been working at our house as a carpenter, with his uncle—he used to wash his hands in the scullery when he was there—the window was protected by iron bars—I awoke about four in the morning—when I came down the area-door was open, but there were no marks of its having been forced—I think they got through the kitchen-window—there was a place where they had rubbed themselves against the wall—a row of garden-pots stood against the window, and two of them were thrown down opposite an opening of the bars, just wide enough for a thin person to get through, the person had torn off a shirt-button, and we found Gordon's shirt had a button off just the same site and pattern as the one found.





ROBERT WHBKMAN
. I am a wood-cutter, and work at a coal-shed. I know Flatt—he came to me on the 17th of June, and said he was going to break into a house where a lady kept one servant, and he wanted a crow-bar—he asked if it would be right to sell the plate at Monmouth-street—I made him no answer,





JOHN BLENMAN
. I produce this gold pin which was pawned, at my master's shop on the 24th of June—neither of the prisoners brought it, but I saw Flatt and another of the prisoners down a yard—one of them had this pin cross-ways in a black-stock—the man who pawned it, said he merely wanted 1s. on it—I think it was Flatt had it, but I am sure he was with the other.





JOHN GEORGE TEMPLE
. I took these boots in pawn on the 22nd of June, of a young man eighteen or nineteen yean old, who resembled Gordon, but I cannot swear who it was pawned it.






JOHN DONOVAN
. I keep a shoe-shop in Monmouth-street. On the 22nd of June, Gordon came and offered to sell me these hoots—Flatt was with him—I refused to purchase them—I took notice of the boots—those produced are the boots.





JONATHAN WHICHER
 (police-constable E 47.) I know Gordon and Flatt—they keep company together—I produce the boots that were left behind at the prosecutor's house.





HENRY MOREY
. I was playing about ten o'clock on the 22nd of June, at the corner of Durham-street—I saw Lee running down Durham-street, with something in his lap—he went under the arches and shot something into a hole—I went to the hole and found this bread-basket—I am tore Lee went to that spot—it was about ten minutes from the time of his going and my going—I had seen him once before—he is a sweep.





HENRY SEABROOK
. I was playing with Morey—I saw Lee run down Durham-street with something in his frock—he put something down—I went to the hole and found this bread-basket and the toast-rack, when he had been gone about five minutes.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
. On Wednesday, the 23rd, I was cleaning my masfer's window, about three o'clock, and saw Flatt and Gordon—I went with them, and the next morning I went to Romford—I saw Flatt had got this pin—as we passed Coram-street, Flatt said, there had been a robbery there, and the plate was taken and sold in Monraouth-street, and the handkerchief was pawned in Whitechapel.





JOHN ADAMS
. I live in Whitechapel, and am a pawnbroker. I took in this handkerchief—I cannot swear to either of the prisoners.

Flatt. I know nothing about it.

Lee's Defence. I was in bed on the night of the robbery—those who have come up have not spoken a word of truth.





FLATT.* Aged 18. 


Transported for Fifteen Years.


GORDON.* Aged 17.

LEE-

NOT GUILTY
.
