



163. 




CHARLES STANLEY
. was indicted

for feloniously receiving, on the 
9th of November, of a certain evil-disposed person, 28lbs. weight of cheese, value 1l., the goods of 



William Larkin and another.


MR. CLARKSO. conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD OWEN
. I am foreman to Mr. Priestley, a master carman, and live in Grove-street, Commercial-road. On Monday, the 9th of November, I was riding home in a cart, and went along Whitechapel, opposite Union-street, and saw Mr. Larkin's cart unloading cheese opposite Mr. Clark's door—I saw a man take two cheeses out of the cart, put them under the skirts of his coat, and run up Black Lion-yard with them—I followed him through four or five streets until he came to Pelham-street—he went into a barber's shop at the corner of Pelham-street with the cheeses—I was between four and five yards from him when he went in—I waited at the door two or three minutes looking for a policeman—I could not find one, and spoke to Hubbard, who was riding in his cart—he got out, and I went up, got one foot inside the barber's shop-door and one foot out, and Hubbard ran by, and got into the barber's shop—I could see into the shop a little—I saw the prisoner there, and a man in a fustian coat—he was merely standing by a chair—the prisoner was not shaving him—that was not the man I had seen take the cheeses—I could not see entirely through the room, the door only being partly open—I waited outside the door by the cart, and saw the man who had taken the cheeses come out with another man without the cheeses—he came out at the side door, not the same door he went in at—(a man had come up and given me a shove in Black Lion-yard, when I was running after the man)—when the man came out of the shop I think it was a man who had come and spoken to the man who stole the cheeses—they went away together down the street—I saw Hubbard come out of the shop, seven or eight minutes after he went in, and after him I saw two girls come out with apparently one cheese under each of their aprons—I went towards the cart with Hubbard—the girls followed, came to the cart, and delivered the cheeses to Hubbard

—I had seen one of the two girls in the barber's shop as I knocked at the door to tell the carman the man had come out who had taken the cheeses, and she slammed the door in my face—I went with Hubbard to Mr. Larkin's.





WILLIAM HUBBARD
. I am carman to Messrs. Merritt, and live in Castle-side, Whitechapel. On the 9th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, I was in Brick-lane—Owen called out to me, and in consequence of what he told me, I jumped out of the cart, and went to the barber's shop at the corner of Pelham-street—I saw a young man in a fustian dress—whether it was a coat, or what, I do not know—I saw the prisoner there, and told him I wanted my cheeses—I collared the first man I came to in the shop, which was the one in fustian, and said, "Come, hand me my cheeses"—(I afterwards found the cheeses were not mine—which I thought they were)—the prisoner said, "We have not got any cheeses here," and the other man said, "I am going to get shaved"—I said I wanted my cheeses, and while I was waiting for them I should lose some other things—I said nothing about the number of cheeses, or where they had been lost from—I said, I wanted my cheeses, and I would have them before I went, if not I would charge the police with them—the prisoner still said they had not got the cheeses, and that it was a barber's shop—I called to Owen outside, who had his foot on the step, and told him to call the police, which he did—I found no policeman came, and I said to the prisoner, "Give me my cheeses, I do not want any bother about it"—there was such a mob about the door I thought my cart would be robbed, and I said, "Hand me over the cheeses, and I won't give charge of you, I will take no further notice of it"—the prisoner said, addressing the person I supposed to be his wife, "Oh dear, why there was a fellow bolted in here just now with two cheeses, and shoved them in at the back there, and he went out at the other door, and said he was coming back presently to fetch them"—I said, "Let me have my cheeses, and be off"—he said, "Young man, I know you won't take further notice of it"—he said, "He is a right one, and a good fellow, and will you take a drop of any thing to drink, young man?"—I said, "Will I not?—you try me"—of course I took it—they fetched a stone bottle (I cannot say whether it was the old lady or one of the young ones,) from somewhere backwards, brought it into the shop, and gave me a glass of brandy—there were two girls in the shop—the prisoner said if I would go with him backwards, he would allow me to take the cheeses to my cart—I said, "I shan't take the trouble of taking them, after being robbed, I will make you take them or send them"—he said, so he would—I went out to Owen, and we went up Brick-lane some distance—a girl came on my left side, and said, "Young man, here are your cheeses"—I cannot say whether she was one of the girls who had been in the shop—I received the two cheeses at last—they were brought up singly—I believe one girl brought them, but I cannot say—I threw them into my cart, and on examining them was satisfied they were not mine—I had no such cheeses in my cart—mine were round Dutch cheeses—I afterwards took them to Mr. Clark's, in Whitechapel, and afterwards to Mr. Larkin.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Who told you should have the cheeses? A. The prisoner—the other man was present—he was not to give me back the cheeses—the prisoner said he would bring or send them—I said "I have got to deliver them, and shall be behindhand"—I told

him to send them after me very quickly, or I should come back with a policeman—the prisoner did not say to the man in the fustian coat, "Let the man have his cheeses back"—he said to me, "Young man, you shall have your cheeses," and if I went behind with him he would give them to me—I had let go of the collar of the young man, and he very soon cut his stick,






CHARLES BAKER
. I am in the service of Mr. Lark in, who is in partnership with his son as wholesale cheesemongers, in High-street, White-chapel On the 9th of November I had to deliver to Mr. Clark, in White-chapel, opposite Union-street, 37 Derby cheeses—I left Mr. Larkin's about five or half-past five o'clock, and got to Mr. Clark's before six—while I was delivering them, one of Mr. Priestly's men gave me an alarm of robbery, and I missed two Derby cheeses—they were the same dairy as those produced—they were afterwards brought to the ware-house by Hubbard and Priestly's man—I took them to Mr. Clark's the same evening.





RICHARD OWE
. re-examined. I told Hubbard that he had lost two cheeses, supposing it was his cart they were taken from—I afterwards found out it was Larkin's.





SAMUEL CLARK
. I am a cheesemonger in Whitechapel—I received 35 cheeses from Mr. Larkin on that night—I expected 37, and received the other two that same evening. (See the case of George Miller, page 117.)




GUILTY
. Aged 63.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
