



2089. 




ROBERT ROBINSON
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE TEBBUTT
. I am a florist, and live at Vale House, Commercial-lane, Old Brompton—I knew the prisoner as living with Mr. Coles, a customer of mine. On the 27th of July he came to my house—I was ill in bed at the time—he was shown up into my room—I inquired after Mr. Coles and the family, under the impression that he was still in the service—he said they were all quite well, and were down in Hampshire—he did not say he had left Mr. Coles—he said Mr. Coles had left him without sufficient money to send glass and things down into Hampshire, and asked me to lend him 2l.—I was quite willing to do so—he said, "You may as well make it 3l., for I shall have more things comn in that I shall want to send down directly"—I let him have 3l.—he came again on the 30th, and said he had so many things to send down to the railway-station that he had not sufficient money to do it, and begged me to let him have 2l. more, which I did—I said, "I should like to have some acknowledgment," and he gave me an I 0 U—I should not have lent him the money if I had not believed he was residing with Mr. Coles—it was for Mr. Coles's purposes entirely—he came again on the 3rd of August, and said, "Mr. Tebbutt, I am sorry to trouble you again, but I have got more things, and Mr. Coles has not been up to settle with me, you must positively let me have 3l. more," which, after some hesitation, I did—I afterwards went to Mr. Coles's house, in Piccadilly, and found the prisoner had left the service—I gave information, and he was taken into custody.

Prisoner. Q. I borrowed the money on my own account, and gave you an I O U for it? A. You told me you wanted it for your master's purposes—you recommended your son to me, as I wanted a lad, and I engaged to try him for a few days—I did not show you my garden and green-house when you first called—I was ill in bed with the gout.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you charge the prisoner before your son with not being in Mr. Cole's service? A. Yes.





THOMAS TEBBUTT
. I am son of the last witness. On the 6th of August I heard my father challenge the prisoner with not being in Mr. Cole's service—he declared that he was, and that he had got a document at home to show that he was.

Prisoner. I said, "If you would walk to my house I would prove

that I was not discharged, but that I left of my own accord—I never said that. Witness. He did.





HENRY BEAUMONT COLES, ESQ
. I reside in Piccadilly. The prisoner was in my employ as butler—he left on the 16th of June—he gave me notice, as he did not like to go into the country with the family—I did not authorise him to obtain money on my account—I required no goods through him—I never saw or had any communication with him after the 16th of June—he was not in my service when he went to Mr. Tebbutt.

Prisoner. Q. Have you any thing to say against my character? A. No—you behaved very well in my service, as far as I know—circumstances hare transpired since, but up to the time of leaving me I was satisfied, and should have given you a good character—I should not have parted with you, but you gave me notice.





JOHN HEFFERMAN
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on the 6th of August—he said he had a document in his house to prove he was in Mr. Cole's service still.

Prisoner's Defence. Before the Magistrate he said, "I heard the prisoner say he owed Mr. Tebbutt 8l., and he was ready to pay him when the time expired"—and he afterwards said, "All I heard the prisoner say was, that he would show a document, to prove he was in Mr. Cole's establishment,"Which are two different statements—is it feasible, that I should take a house of Mr. Tebbutt (and my son in his employ) forty yards from his house, if I had any intention to defraud him of the money?—I should have paid him on the Tuesday following, but he took me to prison—I gave him an acknowledgment in my own name—he said at the Police-court that I had altered the figure from 2 to 3—look at it, and see if there is any alteration at all—he has been keeping a public-house at Kensington, and treating all the police to drink, and that is why the policeman states what he does—I told him the first 3l. I borrowed was to pay my rent with, and the other 2l. to pay for moving my furniture—I asked him if he had been to Mr. Coles, to fetch away the plant-pots—he said, "No"—I said there were about fifty empty pots in the area when I was there.




GUILTY
.† Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

