




1441. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 and 




JOHN WAKELING
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of May, 1 purse, value 9d.; 1 sovereign, 1 shilling, 2 sixpences, and 3 groats, the property of 



Esther Stanley, from her person.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution






JOSEPH DAVIES LEATHART
. On the 6th of May, I was in Oxford-street. I was going towards the City, and saw the two prisoners coming up towards the Circus—they were in company, talking together—I watched their motions—they noticed the omnibuses as they passed—they looked at them as they went along, and after going up to the Circus, and crossing and re-crossing from one corner to another, and looking into the omnibuses as they came up, they got into an omnibus—I met a policeman in plain clothes, and in consequence of what said to him, he and I got on the top of the omnibus—I made a communication to the conductor of the omnibus—it then came on and stopped at the corner of Well-street—the conductor made a sign to me that the gentlemen were getting out—the policeman and I got down—I ran to the door of the omnibus and. said something, and in consequence of what heard said from inside the omnibus, I ran after the two prisoners, who had then got out and gone up Well-street—the policeman had gone on after them before I did—they continued walking—came up to Williams, seized him by the collar, and with my other hand I took hold of his hand, which was underneath his cloak—his hand was closed—I said, "What have you got here?—he said, what was that to me—I said, "I will see"—we had a severe struggle, and got into the road, and by a sudden jerk of his arm, I saw something of a purse in his hand—a gentleman came up from the omnibus to assist me, and by some means or other Williams got down in the road, and the purse, by a sudden jerk of his arm, went out of his hand—I did not see for a second where it went to, but I picked it up off the ground—the gentleman and I brought Williams to the corner of the street, and a policeman of the E division came and took him—I charged him with felony—he said he was a respectable person, and I should find myself mistaken—I saw Wakeling taken by the officer—he said he was a cab—proprietor, and he was going to pay his duty—I took the purse to the station, and gave it up to the officer in presence of the Inspector—Williams denied all knowledge of Wakeling.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What are you? A. A house decorator and paper-hanger, in the employ of a gentleman in Oxford-street, as I told you last time.

Q. Are you an amateur thief-taker? A. When I see these things—I am sure if they come into Oxford-street they shall not get out again—I do not recollect when I was here last—you recollect better than I—you defended the persons—it was three men—I cannot say how often I have been here—about twice within the last twelve months—it is twelve months

since you and me had that affair of the three boys—I have been here since, and through some of you gentlemen's nods and winks, you got the men acquitted.

Q. As I was not in that case, whose nods and winks was it? A. Yours and Mr. Ballantine's—I do not mean that you was in the case, but you made a remark to the Court that had an effect on the worthy Judge's mind—I knew the man who was the policeman in plain clothes—I know a great many of the police.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. On the last occasion you saw what you stated as plainly as you did now? A. Yes—the prisoners were acquitted, and they laugh at me now, but they will not be much longer before they are here again.





GEORGE GEORGE
 (police-constable D 114.) In consequence of something, I got on the top of the omnibus—I had noticed the two prisoners—they were in company, and in conversation—when the omnibus stopped against Well-street, I found somebody had been robbed, and I followed the two prisoners up Well-street, and collared Wakeling—I said, "You are my prisoner"—he said, "For God's sake, let me go, I have taken nothing from any one myself"—I said, "You must come back, there is a lady has been robbed"—with that he made resistance, and finding he was a powerful man, I pulled my staff out—he was not aware before that I was a policeman—I brought him down, and saw the other prisoner in the kennel—this purse was found in the kennel—here is the cloak that hung on Williams's arm.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What do you mean by bringing him down? A. I brought him down Well-street—I found on Williams this instrument, which is in the shape of a cigar-holder.





CARDEN TERRY
. I am a solicitor. I happened to be in the omnibus—I saw the two prisoners in it—Miss Stanley sat on the left-hand side as you go in, within one of the door, when I first went in—and there was no one sitting by her, but ultimately the prisoner Williams sat beside her, and Wakeling sat almost exactly opposite him—Williams had either a loose coat or a cloak—I saw the prisoners get out—some alarm was given on their getting out, and I got out immediately—I came up with the prisoner Williams—he was struggling with Leathart—I caught hold of his collar as he was getting from Leathart, I thought, and either personally, or with Leathart's assistance, got him on his back, and the coat or cloak he had got across his person, slipped down, and immediately under it I saw purse on his person—I said, "We have got the purse"—we got him on his legs, and I saw Wakeling, and a man with a constable's staff in his hand, holding it, as I thought, in a threatening attitude—I said, "Don't strike the man, you have got him in custody"—we went to the station, and I went after the omnibus, and got the lady—she went in a cab to the station, and recognised the purse as hers.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where did you first see the purse? A. On the outside of Williams's person, under the cloak—he had been thrown down, and was on the flat of his back.





ESTHER STANLEY
. I was in the omnibus, and while I was there I took out my purse, to take a sixpence out to pay the conductor—any person in the omnibus might have seen me do it—I saw both the prisoners in the omnibus, and Williams sat next to me, on one side—he had a large coat

or cloak on his arm, and I saw it move about two or three times—I saw the prisoners leave the omnibus together—something was then said—I was induced to search, and my purse was gone—there was in it a sovereign, two sixpences, and two fourpenny-pieces, at one end, and one shilling and a fourpenny-piece at the other—this is it.





GEORGE LEDBITTER TRING
. I drive an omnibus. I know the prisoners very well indeed—I have seen them together a great many times, once or twice a week—they have ridden with me—they appeared to be acquaintances—they always got in together, and out together.

HAYWOOD. I know Wakeling, as a cab—proprietor—I have left things at his stable, in the Kent-road, and sold him things.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know nothing more of him? A. No—I never heard of his being convicted—I have not known him intimately.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.

WAKELING—


GUILTY
. Aged 49.

The following evidence was subsequently given.






CHARLES WALKER
 (police-constable A 78.) I had Wakeling in custody on the 16th of May, 1840, for attempting to pick the pocket of Sir Burgess Cormack, at the Italian Opera—I took him before the Magistrate—he appealed from there, and had three months, as an. incorrigible rogue.





JOSEPH SHACKLE
. I am a police-inspector. I have known Wakling some time—he had three months in the House of Correction, and has been in custody since then—I always considered him a thief.

Wakeling. You state that I had three months. Witness. Yes, from Queen-square—you was then taken again from the Opera—you appealed against the conviction and was acquitted from it, and was committed for three months as a rogue and vagabond to Westminster Bridewell.
(On a subsequent day, the following witnesses appeared to give Wakeling a good character, but admitted they were aware of his having been summarily convicted:—John Maul, wheelwright, Old Kent-road; William Mallet, Richmond-place, East-lane, Walworth; Ann Dodd Smith, of New-road; and George Amer, a cab—driver.)




Transported for Ten Years.
