





2331. 




CATHERINE SULLIVAN,



 HARRIET BIRD
, and 




SOPHIA GILES
, were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry William Brewer, on the 
6th of July, at 


St. Andrew, Holborn, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 6s.; 1 blanket, value 2s.; 2 gowns, value 4s.; 1 waistcoat, value 6d.; and 1 padlock, value 6d.; his goods; and that Sullivan and Bird had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY WILLIAM BREWZR
. I live at No. 12, Brook's-market, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. On the 6th of July I left my wife in the house, and went out a little after nine o'clock in the morning—I occupy two rooms on the ground-floor, which open on to the landing—the land-lord does not live in the house—it is let out in lodgings—I returned about five minutes after four, and found the room-door on the right-hand wide open, and the padlock and hasp, which I had left on in the morning taken away—my wife had been out, and returned about two minutes before me—I missed a coat, two gowns, two frocks, a blanket, a sheet, a shift, and a band—the street-door ought always to be shut, but most likely it was left open.





ELIZABETH BLAKE
. I now live in Baldwin's-gardens. On the 6th of July, I was Jiving at No. 19, Peter-street, and Bird lodged with me—the other two prisoners are acquaintances of hers—she went out that morning—about one o'clock Sullivan came to my room, and asked for Bird—I said she was not at home—she had a bundle with her—she went away again, and then they all three came in together each with a bundle—Sullivan had the same bundle that she had brought before—they opened the bundles in my room, and sorted the things—I saw two frocks, two gowns, a coat, and a band, which I thought was a pillow-case—one gown was a mourning one, and the other a light one—they each took some things, and Bird left behind her the padlock and two sleeves belonging to a gown, which I gave to the policeman next morning.

Sullivan. She is a common prostitute—she has come here in disguise—she pawned a sheet belonging to her landlord. Witness. I get my living by going out charing, and in no other way—I did pawn my land-lord's sheet, but I got it out again.






BENJAMIN FARROW
 (police-constable G 200.) I apprehended Giles on Saffron-hill—I told her she was charged with a robbery in Brook's-market—she said she knew nothing about it—I asked her if she was not in a house in Peter-street the day before—she said she was at No. 19, Peter-street, with Bird and Sullivan—between one and two o'clock the same day I took Sullivan at No. 7, Pigeon-court, Clerkenwell—I told her she was charged with a robbery in Brook's-market—she said she knew nothing about it—I asked her if she was not in a house in Peter-street the day before—she said she was not—but afterwards, in going to the station, she said she was, with Giles and Bird—the prisoners were ail searched at the station, and nothing found on them.





RICHARD WALKER
 (police-constable G 83.) I apprehended Bird—when she was at the station I saw that she was passing something in her hand to Giles, I asked her what it was—she said it was the ticket of a shawl they had pledged the day before at Rosier's, in Turnmill-street, but it relates to a gown and two frocks, pledged on the 6th of July—as she was banding it to Giles she said, "You may take the ticket, I don't want it; I want none of the tickets," as if putting it away from her.





ROBERT UPSALL
. I am a pawnbroker—I produce a gown and two frocks, pledged on the 6th of July by a woman—it was neither of the prisoners nor Blake—this is the duplicate I gave.





HENRY WILLIAM BREWER

re-examined. This gown, these two frocks, this padlock, and these sleeves are mine—Blake lives about 100 yards from me.





ELIZABETH BLAKE

re-examined. I can speak to all these things, as having been in my room when the three prisoners were there.

Sullivan. She would swear any thing—I was not in the room at all, only on the stairs, and she was in the yard washing—I said, "Is Harriet Bird at home?"—she said, "No;" and as I was coming out of the door Bird came in. Witness. She was in the room when the things were parted—the bulk of the things were taken away—all the three bundles were opened.

Bird. She is the biggest thief going, the would encourage any body into her place.





MART ANN BREWER
. I am the prosecutor's wife—I left the house between eleven and twelve o'clock, and left the place safe, the door locked, and the padlock on it—I am sure I locked it—I returned about four.





SAMUEL JEKKS
. I produce a certificate of Sullivan's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at her trial, last December twelvemonth, in this Court, and was a witness in the case—I know her to be the person—I was a policeman at that time—(read.)





CHARLES ELLIOTT
 (police-constable G 132.) I produce a a certificate of Bird's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read.) I was present at her trial last February, and know her to be the person—she was also convicted in 1841—I believe Giles has been led away by the other two.

SULLIVAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.
) BIRD**—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

GILES—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Transported for Ten Years.


Fourth Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.
