



534. 




WILLIAM BERRYMAN



, stealing 4 1/2 lbs., of pork, value 2s. 6d.; 1l herrings 1s.; 2lbs. butter and 1lb. of lard, 2s.; the goods of 



Henry Gold; having been before convicted.







MARIA RISBROOK
. I am in the service of Henry Gold, of Brunswick-street, Newington. On Friday evening, 24th Dec., about eleven o'clock, I locked up some lard, pork, butter, and herring, in the safe in the area—the herrings were in brown paper, on the bottom shelf, and the butter also—about two o'clock next morning I was called up by my master, went into the kitchen, and saw my master, an officer, and the prisoner—I had never seen him before—I found the zinc-work of the safe cut down—the things had been removed, put back again, and all heaped up together on the top shelf—the safe is just out of the back kitchen door—the area is below the street—persons could only get in by getting over the area railings—there are no steps—it is about ten feet deep—he would have to drop, or lodge his foot somewhere.





WILLIAM DERRIG
 (policeman.) On 21st Dec., between one and two o'clock in the morning, I was in Brunswick-street—I turned my light into the areas—I heard a noise, and saw the prisoner trying to hide himself under the safe—I withdrew my light, and directed it down the street to draw the attention of another constable—I said, "There is a thief in this area"—the prisoner got up and said, "I give myself up to you"—he took a brown parcel out of his pocket, and put it into the safe, and four other articles—I told him not to do so—I rand the bell—Mr. Gold let me in—I searched the prisoner, and found some lucifer-matches, 2s. 11 1/2 d., and a knife, with which I tried to cut the zinc—it cut it very easily—it was cut on each side, and turned down.

Prisoner. It would be impossible to put a parcel of herrings into this pocket. Witness. It was a long parcel, not thick—the lard was all smeared over the paper—there was a cab waiting at the end of the street, twenty or thirty yards off.

Prisoner's Defence. I was returning home with two men; we were drunk; they knocked my had over the railing; I got over for it; I heard the policeman, and stopped for him to go by.





PATRICK DALEY
 (policeman, P 246.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted May, 1843, transported for seven years)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 23. 


Transported for Seven Years.

