



2419. 




JEREMIAH LONG
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of June, 10 pairs of stockings, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 



George Ray, his master.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HENRY BAYFIELD
. I am shopman to Mr. Peachey, a pawnbroker, in Goswell-street. On the 4th of June the prisoner pledged two pairs of silk stockings for 4s.—one pair was white silk, the other black—he gave the name of "Thomas Williams, No. 6, Norway-street"—I asked whose property they were—he said his own—he had a cloth coat on.





JOHN WALLS
. I am in the service of Mr. Wood, a pawnbroker, in St. John-street. On the 11th of September the prisoner pledged one pair of white silk stockings, in the name of "William Bennett, No. 6, Francis-street, Gray's-inn-road"—he said they were his wife's.





FREDERICK WOOD
. I am shopman to Mr. Rogers, a pawnbroker, in Turnmill-street. I produce a pair of black silk stockings, pawned on the 1st of September by the prisoner, and two pairs of black silk stockings, on the 3rd, pawned by him, I believe—I am sure he pawned the first pair—I asked him whose they were—he said his own—he gave the name of "William Bennett, No. 6, Gray's-inn-lane."





CHRISTOPHER BROWN
. I am in the service of Brown and Co., pawnbrokers, in Gray's-inn-road. I produce a pair of black silk stockings, and a pair of white, pledged on the 2nd of June—I do not think it was by the prisoner.





ROBERT SCOTT SHORTREED
. I am in the service of Mr. Abithail, in Calthorp-place. I produce a pair of black and a pair of white silk stockings, pawned in the name of" John Williams"—I have no recollection of the person.





JAMES HACK
. I am foreman in the warehouse of Mr. George Ray, a manufacturer of silk hosiery. These articles are all his manufacture—the prisoner was his porter on the 2nd of June, and continued so till the 11th or 12th of September, when he was taken into custody—we should not be able to miss this small amount of property from our warehouse—the prisoner had abundant opportunity of taking things if he was so disposed.





WILLIAM STUDLEY
 (police-constable G 189.) I received the prisoner in custody, on the 11th of September, from Mr. Bulworthy, a pawnbroker, in Aylesbury-street—he had a pair of white silk stockings and a pair of black at the time—I asked the prisoner where he got them—he said he bought them at Castle, Luck, and Company's, in Love-lane—he said he had been out of place three or four months, and was jobbing about the City to get a shilling—I found on him a card of his master's residence, a book, and two blue cards.





JAMES HACK

re-examined. These blue cards are such as enclose a dozen of silk stockings.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought three pairs of them at Hawes and Otley's, in the Poultry, six pairs at Mr. Dossitor's, and three pairs of Mr. Waterman.





WILLIAM STUDLEY

re-examined. I was in attendance before Mr. Coombs, the Magistrate, when the prisoner was there—I heard him make a statement, which the clerk took down, and the Magistrate put his name to it—this is his signature to this deposition—(read).
(" The prisoner says, 'I know nothing at all about the stockings, only those that were taken upon me on Saturday niaht.'")




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
