




2086. 




THOMAS SMITH
 and 




JOHN JACOBS
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 cask, value 1s.; and 112lbs. weight of butter, 5l. 10s.; the goods of 



Thomas Hunt; and that Smith had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS WILLMOTT HUNT
. I live at No. 141, Whitechapel-road. On Wednesday, the 1st of Oct., about five o'clock in the afternoon, I received ten casks of butter—they were placed on the kerb-stone facing the door—about half-past six somebody gave me information, and there was one of

the casks of butter gone—I have found it since—it is my cask, and contained butter.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What do you know it by? A. This mark on the side, "M. B., 45 N."—there were no ends on it when I found it—it belonged to my father, Thomas Hunt—I had looked at the marks before the cask was missing—they were all marked in the same way—I have not sworn it was about seven o'clock when I missed one—it was about half-past six.





ELIZABETH HUNT
. I remember the day the casks came—I saw Smith about our house that evening, for nearly three quarters of an hour before the butter was missed—I never took my eye off him for nearly the whole time—I thought he was after stealing a piece of meat from our shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. What makes you positive it was Smith? A. Because he kept looking at me, and I at him—there was a gaslight within half a yard of him—ours is an open window—he kept walking and looking at me, and then be leered where the butter was standing—I did not know the butter was there, but I knew where be looked—I had seen him about the street before—it was about a quarter to six when I first saw him, and about twenty minutes past six my younger son said, "Mother, there is a cask of butter taken from here"—I was in the shop the whole time—there were a great many pieces of meat in the window—I asked Smith if he wanted to buy anything, and he did not answer—he had on a kind of brown mixture coat, and a belcher silk handkerchief—he was rather particular looking—the policeman asked me if I should know the man—I said I was sure I should.

Cross-examined by
MR. SIMON. Q. Who did you receive this butter from? A. From Mr. Bougham—it was marked "M. B. 45 N."—that is the mark on all their butter.





ALFRED KEMP
. I live in Whitechapel-road. On that evening I was at the corner of New-street and Bedford-street—I saw Jacobs coming along, with the butter on his shoulder—he dropped it, and Smith helped it up again—Jacobs' hat dropped off, and Smith carried it—it was about half-past six o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. I am nothing—I am fourteen years old—I have no father—my mother is independent—I am not apprenticed to any trade yet—I do not walk about the streets and talk to the policemen—I am not particularly a friend of the policemen—I merely pass the time of day to them sometimes—I am not out a good deal—I had just gone on an errand for my mother—I do not know the prisoner—a friend stopped me in the street talking—the cask of butter was dropped just before you get to New-street, Bedford-street—I have not been talking to the police about this case—I spoke to Mrs. Hunt, and said I saw two men coming with the butter—I saw the prisoners in custody the next morning—I did not see them taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. SIMON. Q. You did not pick the prisoners out from other persons? A. There was another person with them—the policemen said they had the men—the night I saw the prisoners was not dark nor light—it was dusk—it was as near half-past six o'clock as I can tell—I was about three yards from them—it was about five minutes' walk from the shop the butter was taken from—I noticed them dropping the butter—I was asked how much I thought it weighed—I said about 100lbs.—Jacobs had got on a dark pilot coat and dark trowsers, and Smith, as far as

I could see, a dark green coat—I took notice of their dress, and gave the description the next morning—I did not know the prisoners' names—I said one of them had a dark pilot coat on—I saw them opposite Mr. Dixon's, the butcher's shop.





WILLIAM DAVISON DAY
 (police-constable K 74.) I went to No. 6, Baker-street, Stepney, and found the cask of butter under the bed, in the front parlour—a woman named Tollison lives there—the two prisoners came into the York Minster public-house the same night—I said to Smith, "I believe your name is Smith"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "You are ray prisoner"—he wanted to know what it was for—when we came to the corner of Baker-street he said, "You b—r, if I thought you had got me to rights I would turn round and mug you."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You told him it was for a cask of butter? A. Yes—I understood him to mean he would give me a knock of the mouth or so.

Cross-examined by
MR. SIMON. Q. You were on the look out for the prisoners? A. Yes—I knew they frequented that place and cohabited with Tollison—I was in the public-house, and saw Tollison come in—I said to the other officer, "Let her alone, they won't be long before they come in"—they did come in—I took Tollison the same night.





GEORGE MOUNTFORD
 (police-constable K 18.) I took Jacobs—he said he knew nothing about it—I searched the house where Smith lived, and found a hat smeared with butter—it fitted Jacobs—he denied all knowledge of it.





THOMAS WILLMOTT HUNT

re-examined. Q. Did you compare the butler that was found with the other butters? A. Yes—it is a foreign butter, and I can swear to it—it is a foreign butter, and they were foreign butters.

cross-examined by
MR. SIMON. Q. Did you taste it out of every cask? A. I cannot say that I did out of every one—I did most of them—I tasted that one several times.





WILLIAM RALPH YOUNG
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Smith's former conviction at this Court—(read—convicted,13th May, 1839, of stealing from the person, and transported for ten years)—he went away, and returned after being absent about four years and a half.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.


JACOBS—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—



Confined Six Months.

