





552. 




JOHN HAWES,



 DAVID MILLER
, and 




EDWARD KELLY
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of November, 12 pairs of stockings, value 10s. 6d., the goods of 



James Johnson.






ANN JOHNSON
. I am the wife of James Johnson, a hosier and haber-dasher, in Flagon-row, Deptford. On the 23rd of December, at half-past six in the evening, these stockings were in the shop window, in one parcel—I saw them at the station in the course of the evening—I swear they are ours, by the string they are tied with, and they are the same quality and number.





JANE LOCKHARD
. I live at Deptford. On the evening of the 23rd of November I saw Miller and Kelly near Johnson's shop—Miller stepped into the shop, and Kelly stood by him, holding a handkerchief out, as if to receive any thing—Miller saw me, and stepped back out of the shop—I

walked away—they followed, and watched me, and then turned back—I told a policeman what I had seen.

Miller. Q. Did you see me near the shop? A. Yes—there might have been a third boy without my seeing him.





JOHN DOWSON
. I am a pawnbroker at Greenwich. On the 23rd of November, about seven o'clock in the evening, Hawes brought three pain of stockings to pawn for 2s.—I questioned him, and he said they belonged to his brother, who was ill in bed, and could not come himself, but if I would let him go he would bring his brother's wife—I sent for an officer.





JOHN GARDEN
. I am a policeman. I was fetched to Dowson's shop, and took Hawes, with the stockings—I asked who they belonged to—he said, to his brother, and afterwards said he picked them up in the street.





JOHN SEDGER
. I am a policeman. I took Miller and Kelly in custody, from information I received.

Millers Defence. I was not near the shop, and know nothing of the stockings; I was in the road; there was a row, and I heard there was a dozen stockings stolen; I went home.

HAWES—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

MILLER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.




Transported for Seven Years.

KELLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 9.—


Transported for Seven Years—Parkhurst.
