




195. 




ANN SHEPHERD
 was again indicted for

stealing, on the 
6th of Oct., 5 bottles, value 1s.; 1Ib. weight of mustard, 1s.; 1/4 lb. weight of pepper, 6d.; 4lbs. weight of flour, 1s. 6d.; Gibs, weight of salt, 3d.; 1/2 lb. weight of tea, 3s.; 3 jars, 6d. 1/4 lb. weight of starch, 6d.;4 wine-glasses, 1s. 6d. 21/4lbs. weight of sugar, 1s.; 1 glass tumbler, 6d.; 2 plates, 4d.;1 basin, 1d.; 4 tongues, 1s.; 4 yards of canvas, 2s.; 20lbs. weight of feathers, 2s.; 3 towels, 2s.; 1 pinafore, 2d.; 1 pair of trowsers, 2s.; 1 pan, 3d.; 1 shirt, 7s.; and 1 pail, 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Murley, her master: and 1 box, 2s.; 1 sheet, 10s.; 1 table-cover, 2s.; 4 pillow-cases, 8s.; 8 table-cloth, 4s.; and 2 towels, 4s.; the goods of 



William Fallover: 1 shirt, 5s., the goods of 



William Pell: and 1 table-cloth, 3s.; and 1 pair of tongs, 1s. 6d.; the goods of 

Rich India Rudman: and 





EDWARD SHEPHERD



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute,
&c.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH MURLEY
. I am the wife of Thomas Murley, and live in Queen's-row, Pimlico. Ann Shepherd came into my service on the 29th of Sept.—I

missed the shirt produced, which is my husband's, and a vast quantity of other things—I believe these things to be mine—I can swear to the shirt.

Ann Shepherd, That shirt belonged to my first husband; I gave it to my brother-in-law when I came to town. Witness, It is my work, I can swear—the mark has been picked out—I can recognize where it hat been—these towels have my mark on them, and this petticoat I can swear to, from this tear at the bottom—I did not give it to the prisoner—three of my beds have been opened, and the feathers taken out, and the bolster she slept on was pretty well emptied.





THOMAS MURLEY
. The prisoner Ann was my servant—in consequence of missing property, I watched her—she always asked to go to church—she went out on Sunday, the 6th of Nov.—I watched her—she went into No. 5, Buckingham-street—at eight o'clock I saw her and a man, who I believe to be Edward, come out—they went and stopped at the chapel door till the service was over, and then came towards our house—I gave information to the police—this shirt is like mine—I know this bottle of pepper—these other things are mine.





RICHINDIA RODMAN
. I was lodging at Mr. Murley's. I lost this tablecloth and a pair of fire-tongs—they are mine.





GRACE PRATT
. I am the wife of William Pratt, and live in Buckingham-street, Pimlico. On the 14th of Oct. Edward Shepherd took a first-floor back room in our house—the officer afterwards went to the room.





WILRIAM MILLERMAN
 (police-constable B 95.) On the Wednesday after Sunday, the 6th of Nov., I took Ann Shepherd into custody in the street—I asked, her where she lived—she said at No. 5, Buckingham-street—I went there, and found Edward Shepherd—I found the table-cloth and pair of tongs in the room, and this shirt I took off Edward's back at the station—these other things were in different parts of the room—Edward said he knew nothing about them.

Ann Shepherd's Defence. When Mrs. Fallover was packing up to go into the country, she gave me a great many things; I did not know Edward any more than his being my late sister's husband; Mrs. Fallover was going to leave her house, and gave me these things; I have bought a great many things, and taken to that room.

Edward Shepherd's Defence. I met her; I was to stop at her place till I got work; she told me the shirt belonged to her first husband.

A. SHEPHERD—


GUILTY
. Aged 40

ED. SHEPHERD—


GUILTY
. Aged 37.





Transported for Seven Years.

(There were four other indictments against Ann Shepherd.)
