



2056. 




JOHN CHAPEL BENNETT
. was indicted

for forging and uttering an acceptance to a Bill of Exchange for 42l. 4s.; with intent to defraud 



Henry Clapham Fuller.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY CLAPHAM FULLER.
 I am an oil and colourman, at No. 39, Bridge-house-place, Newington. The prisoner was in my employ as traveller, on the 23rd of June, and had been so since the latter end of Dec.—I remember his bringing an order, purporting to come from Mr. John Rentall, for goods to the amount of 42l. 4s.—they were sent in a hired cart—I cannot find out where to—I have made inquiries to ascertain—a short time after that, the prisoner said if I would draw a bill on Mr. Rentall, Mr. Rentall would accept it, as he was rather short of money—I consented—I drew this bill, which I produce, and gave it to the prisoner on the day it bears date, 23rd of June, 1847—he took it away, and brought it back the same day, with this acceptance on it—he was absent four hours—it was due on the 10th of July, but was not presented then, because the prisoner came and said Mr. Rentall was short of money, and if I would hold it over for a week, he would pay me interest—I presented it at the end of the week, it was not paid—I saw Mr. Rentall—(The bill being read, was drawn by Henry Clapham Fuller on Mr. John Chapel Bennett, oil and colourman, High-street, Shoreditch, for 42l. 4s., at fourteen days—Accepted, J. RENTALL.)





JOHN RENTALL.
 I am an oil and colourman, and live in High-street, Shoreditch—the prisoner was my apprentice—he left me when his apprenticeship was up, seven or eight years since—the acceptance to this bill is not my writing—I do not know Mr. Fuller—I never received any goods.





JOSEPH HUGGETT
 (City policeman, 484.) I took the prisoner, and told him it was for forging an acceptance—he said if Mr. Fuller would only give him till two o'clock the next day the money should be paid.
(William Tyler, dissenting minister; William Smith, commission agent; and George Thorn, formerly an attorney, of Rotherfield-street, Islington, gave the prisoner an excellent character.)




GUILTY. Aged 33.—Strongly recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.
—



Transported for Seven Years




Before Mr. Justice Williams.

