




1784. 




WILLIAM HOWARD, alias
 Hawkins

, was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of March, at 

St. James's, Westminster, 2 watches, value 30l., the goods of 



Isaac Terry, in his dwelling-house.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ISSAC TERRY
. I am a watchmaker, and live in Princes-street, Leicester-square. On the 12th of March, last year, the prisoner came to my shop in company with another person, and asked to look at some gold watches—I showed him forty-two watches—he was about ten minutes looking at them—he afterwards selected one, and wished me to keep it going till the following Monday—it was not going at that time—I turned my back to go and get a key to wind it up, leaving the gold watches on the counter in front of the prisoner and his companion—I came with the key, wound up the watch, and he went away about half a minute after, and in half a minute I missed two gold watches, worth about twenty guineas—I never saw the prisoner again till he was in custody on the last charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. You had never seen the person before? A. No—the other person appeared to be a foreigner—he was about five feet eleven inches—I should know him again, so as to swear to him—when I went to see the prisoner he was in custody—inspector Pearce came to my shop—he told me he had got a man in custody that he thought had committed the robbery at my house, from the account I had given of it—he then took me to Greenwich station—we went into the yard together—the man was locked up at that time—he was brought out—Pearce was standing a short distance off.

MR. DOANE. Q. After the robbery did you give any information of the loss to the police? A. Yes, at Vine-street—it was in consequence of that that Pearce came to me—I have not the slightest doubt the prisoner was one of the men.

COURT. Q. You described the loss of these watches immediately? A. I should think not half a minute after—I pursued directly, but took a straight line up the street, and I suppose they took the first turning—I went the wrong way.





JAMES LOCKYER
. I was in the service of Mr. Dempster, a pawnbroker, in Black friars-road. I produce a gold watch pawned on the 1st of March, in the name of Clark.

MR. TERRY
re-examined. This is one of the two gold watches I lost that day.




GUILTY
. Aged 63.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

