



69. 




GEORGE BUTLER
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering, on the 
2nd of Sept., an order for the payment of 5l., with intent to defraud 



John Thomas Smith; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. WILKINS
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN THOMAS SMITH
, green grocer, Mottram-street, Belgrave-square. On the 2nd of Sept. the prisoner called at my house—I knew him when he was in the service of Mr. Webster, of New Boswell-court, who is my solicitor—he called about eleven o'clock, and said he had some business of Mr. Webster's, in Hans-place; that he had come out of the office, and left his purse in the office, and asked me to let him have 1s. to pay for a stamp, if he got the money he was going for—about half-past five o'clock he called again, said he bad received the money for Mr. Webster, and showed me a cheque for 5l., on Child's, and one for 32l. odd, on Jones Loyd and Co.—he said he had got 2l. to pay away for a client of Mr. Webster, at Kensington, and asked me to let him have it, and he would leave the 5l. cheque with me—I did so—he said Mr. Webster would either send up on Monday morning, and take the cheque, or, if I was coming into the City, I might call, and receive the 2l. 1s—I produce the cheque—I have had it ever since—I presented it at Child's, but it was not paid—(the cheque was drawn payable to Mr. Webster, and signed "H. Tomlinson. ")

Prisoner. Q. Did not you say the cheque was of no value? A. I said it was of no use to any one but Mr. Webster, as it was not payable to bearer—I lent you the 2l. on it—I did not throw it aside, and say I would lend you 2l.





WILLIAM MAULE WEBSTER
, solicitor, New Boswell-court. The prisoner was employed by me as clerk, and left me in March last—I never saw this cheque till I was before the Grand Jury—I have no client named H. Tomlinson—the prisoner was not authorised to receive money on my account from such a person at any time—I believe the cheque to be the prisoner's handwriting, simulated—it is not his usual writing.

Prisoner. Q. How did I conduct myself in your employ? A. He was active, attentive, and diligent—I was surprised to hear of this charge—he was about five months with me.





WILLIAM EVANS
. I am clerk to Messrs. Childs and Co., bankers. We have no customer named H. Tomlinson—I know nothing of this cheque—it is not drawn by any of our customers.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 (policeman.) I apprehended the prisoner.


Prisoner's Defence. I did not forge the cheque; Mr. Smith lent me the 2l.; he threw the cheque aside, and said, "I will lend you the money, this is of no value, and if you call on Monday, and pay me the 2l., you may have it back again."





STEPHEN BOULT
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—he is the person—I was present at his trial.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Fifteeen Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

