




149. 




MATTHEW COLLINS
 was indicted

 for stealing 8 half-crowns, 20 shillings, 20 sixpences, and 6 groats, the monies of 




Joseph Walton.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the monies of the 

Company of proprietors of Waterloo-bridge
.





JOSEPH WALTON
. I am one of the toll collectors at the Middlesex end of Waterloo-bridge. I was on duty on the 11th of Nov. at night, about five minutes before twelve o'clock, the prisoner came up to me—he appeared to have been drinking—he sat in the toll-house on a chair just within the door way—I knew him before—I count over my money every hour—I counted the money I had received during the last hour—it was 9s—I put it with other money I had received in the course of the day—the total receipts amounted to 12l. 8s. 3d.—I put the canvas bag of money in the drawer—I did not fasten the bag or lock the drawer—there was a cab just coming up at the time, and I was obliged to run out—the driver was driving on without paying, and very nearly knocked the hat off my head—I got into a dispute, which detained me five or six minutes—on my return the prisoner rose from his seat, shook hands with me, and bid me good night, and went away—a person named Carr was, standing outside the toll-house—in consequence of what he said I counted over my money again—I missed 2l. 12s. in half-crowns, shillings, sixpences, and fourpenny pieces—there had been a man and woman in the toll-house before the prisoner came in—they were there three or four minutes—I had not left them alone at all—I am employed by the Company of proprietors of Waterloo-bridge to account to them for the receipts—I have paid them the whole amount of 12l. 8s. 3d., so that if any loss is sustained it will be mine—Carr picked up a fourpenny-piece off the floor of the toll-house between where the prisoner had sat and the drawer.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who was the man and woman sitting in the toll-house? A. I think their name is Moore—I was acquainted with them—they had never been in my toll-house before, to my recollection—I do not know where they live—I know where their father lives—they were going home, and stopped to speak to me—I have not been to the father's to bring them here—Spillman the publican lives about 150 yards from the toll-house—I do not know what has become of his pot-boy—I have heard there are parties who have been offering him money to swear that he brought me ale—he told me so—I saw him last on Monday—I had had some beer that night, at nine o'clock, with my supper—there was only my fellow-servant with me taking toll outside—Spillman's boy brought the beer—that is all the beer I remember having that night—that was a pint between two of us—my fellow-servant drank with me—I had no beer between that time and twelve o'clock—I did not give any body a penny for bringing two glasses—Spillman's boy brought two glasses about five o'clock—it was not after nine—I had no ale after nine o'clock, I swear—I have known the prisoner five years—I had got into a squabble with a man that night; but I was not drunk—Moore works at Maudsley's—I never went there and saw him; but I have seen him come so often over the bridge, night and morning, and I thought he went there—it is my duty to keep an entry, on a sheet of paper, of the tolls produced every hour—I have not got the paper here—I produced it before the Magistrate—to the best of my recollection the tolls of the last hour were about 9s—I cannot swear it—I put it down on the paper, after I came from the cab-man—that was about twelve o'clock—my last hour had expired a few minutes when I had the quarrel—I had received 12l. 8s. 3d. during the day, from one o'clock—I cannot recollect the amount of any one hour's receipts—it was between 1l. and 2l.—the prisoner was at the toll-house about a quarter of an hour—I was away part of the time—the people that had been there before had not been sitting down—the

prisoner showed me a leg of mutton that he had bought—I do not know that he said he was going to take it to his daughter—I had never left him in the toll-house alone before, to the best of my recollection—he has not been there frequently talking with me—I had no drink with him, and he had none in the toll-house—he had apparently been drinking.





JOHN CARR
. I am private watchman of the precinct of the Savoy, and live in New-church-court, Strand—I went to the toll-house a little after twelve o'clock on the morning of the 12th of Nov.—Walton was on duty as collector there—I saw the prisoner sitting on a chair in the toll-house—soon after a cab attempted to evade the toll—Walton came out to take it—I was standing at the toll-house, and heard the jink of silver—I turned round to the door, and saw the prisoner with the drawer open, and the canvas bag in his hand—he said, "This is what I have been looking for," or "looking at"—I said, "I suppose it is all right?"—he replaced it—he dropped the bag into the drawer, and shut the drawer—when Walton came up he bid him good night—I told Walton what I had seen—after the prisoner went away, Walton counted the money, and while he was doing that, I picked a fourpenny-piece off the floor, and gave it to him—I was called from the toll-house to the gate, and took the toll while he counted the money—the fourpenny-piece laid exactly between the chair where the prisoner sat and the drawer.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been a watchman? A. Nearly ten years—I was a policeman in the T division before that, and Was discharged for refusing to take charge of a party in a case of obstruction while I was off duty—I told the party to look for a person on duty—that was the only cause—there had been complaints for absence from duty—I had been two years and a half in the force—those were the only two reports that were entered against me—the superintendent has the privilege of settling trifling cases, without coming before the commissioners—I was reported for being drunk perhaps a couple of times—I swear it was not a dozen times—it was but twice—once I was fined 2s. 9d., and once 1s—all the reports must go before the commissioners, but I never was but once before the commis-sioners, and after that I was turned off—I never was drunk when on duty—I was reported for being the worse for liquor, not for being drank, or inca-pable of doing my duty—since I have been a watchman I hate given up being drunk—I and Walton have had a little drink together, but not lately—we had no drink that night—I came on duty at nine that night—I did not see two clean glasses brought.





THOMAS HARBISON
, compositor, Wych-street, Strand. I went to the toll-house about ten minutes past twelve o'clock that night—I called on Walton—I found Carrat the gate, taking the toll—the prisoner was sitting inside the toll-house—I talked to Carr outside—I heard a jingle, as of money in a bag, and a kind of scramble—Carr left me abruptly, and I lost him—I looked round, and saw him in the toll-house—he said to me, "I wonder what up is doing with that bag"—I said, "Tell Walton of it"—then the cab came up, and that took Walton away—Carr picked up the fourpenny-piece.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you been in the habit of sitting there? A. Yes—I was there about three minutes that night.





JOSEPH WALTON

re-examined. I only counted the hour's money in the prisoner's presence—I had counted the whole at nine o'clock—we were to aake up our accounts every eight hours—there had been no one in to have access to the bag after nine o'clock—I had only counted the hours in addition at ten and eleven o'clock, as they came in—I put it down on paper—I swear the amount I have named was in the bag when the prisoner came in, because I

had had no one in but Moore and his wife—the place was not left fora miuute till the prisoner came in—before I commenced counting, I announced to Carr and Harrison, in whose presence I counted it, what sum should have been in the bag—I counted up the hours, and said I should have 12l. 8s. 3d. in the bag.





THOMAS HARRISON

re-examined. I heard Walton state that there ought to have been 12l. 8s. 3d.—he counted it twice, and then he said, "I am done"—the chair in which the prisoner sat was in front, and to his right hand the drawer of the table that the money was in—I should think he could reach the money without rising from his seat—it is merely a span of a place.





JOHN CARR
. I heard the prosecutor say, before he counted the money, what he ought to have—I do not recollect the sum—he said there was 2l. 10s. deficient—I said, "You are flurried, count it again"—he did to, and said 2l. 12s.
(Robert Hanson, carman, Granby-street; John Peel, engraver, New-cut, Lambeth; John Loveland, a shoemaker, Cornwall-road; William Clark, Ayliff-street, Kent-road; James Buttress, a bricklayer and builder, Henry-place, Kennington-common; Ann Cornish, widow, Hounslow; James Watts, coal-merchant; and William Temple, Commercial-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 58.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—





Transported for Seven Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

