



2709. 




PHILIP HANLON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of May, 1 wooden bowl, value 2d.; 18 pence, and 36 halfpence, the property of 



Mary White.






CHARLES HARRINGTON
. I live with my aunt, Mary White, who keeps an

eating-house, in James-street, Oxford-street. I was in the kitchen under the shop on the 13th of May—I had bolted the shop door—I heard the private door shut, a person walk across the shop, and then the shop door shut—a person could get into the passage, and from there to the shop—I ran up, and saw the door leading to the passage was open—the till was open, and the bowl and coppers gone—I had seen them safe a quarter of an hour before—I saw the shep door had been unbolted—from what Butler told me I went to No. 4, Bird-street, and found Mrs. Joey—she brought me the bowl up stain, which was my aunt's, but had no money in it—I heard the noise about twenty minutes to twelve o'clock, and received information from Butler about five.





FREDERICK BUTLER
. I live at No. 8, Bird-street. I saw the prisoner about a quarter before twelve o'clock on the 13th of May—he had something under his coat—he was about twenty or thirty yards from the prosecutrix's—he went down Bird-street, went to the area of No. 4, knelt down, and put something into his cap, which sounded like money, which he took out of a small wooden bowl, and threw the bowl down the area—this is the bowl—I told what I had seen as soon as I heard of this.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRT. Q. You told all this after you heard of the robbery? A. Yes—I was standing opposite the prisoner—he might have seen me—I do not know whether he did—there were people about the street, but not on the same side of the way—the prisoner kneeled down on the area railing of a shop that was shut up—I am an errand-boy—I lived at Mr. Keith's, a green-grccer, about five weeks ago—I left for throwing the horse down—I have been before a Magistrate for being with some boys in the Park getting chestnuts—we had seven days in the House of Correction—we were not charged with picking pockets—I was before the Magistrate about three years ago for taking money from my aunt—I live with my aunt now.

COURT. Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. Yes, by sight.





JEMIMA JOEY
. I live at No. 4, Bird-street. I found this bowl in my area between eleven and twelve o'clock that day—I do not koow who put it there.





JONATHAN MOYSE
 (police-constable D 162.) I received information and a description of the prisoner—I knew him very well—I was directed to take him—I was not able to find him till he was taken in August at the corner of James-street.




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Parkhurst.


