



2232. 




JANE HAMMERTON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of August, 1 gown, value 1s.; 2 petticoats, value 10s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 4d.; 1 shawl, value 2s.; 1 half-sovereign, 1 crown, and 2 half-crowns; the property of 



William Philip Godfrey, her master.






MARY GODFREY
. I am a laundress, and am the wife of William Philip Godfrey, of Paddington—the prisoner was four weeks in our service, and twelve months ago she lived with us also. On the 19th of August I went out about eight o'clock in the evening, leaving her in care of the house. with my daughter, who is eight years old—I returned at eleven o'clock, and she was gone—she had taken off her own clothes, and put on these articles, which belong to two ladies who I wash for—she knew they were not my own—the shawl, stockings, and money are mine—these are what I missed—(looking at them)—the dress is quite new, and she has cut it about—I had given her strict orders to pay this money to the landlord when I left that night—she left her own clothes in the middle of the room.





PATRICK CONOLLY
. I am a policeman. From information I apprehended the prisoner on the morning of the 28th of August—I told her I wanted her for stealing a gown, two petticoats, other articles, and some money—she said, "I acknowledge to have taken the gown and petticoats,

but I did not take the money"—I found the skirt and sleeves of the gown on her, the body was found at her lodging.





FREDERICK LEIGHTON
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Lisson-grove. I have a petticoat which was pawned for 2s., I believe by the prisoner.





CHALOTTE LOWE
. I keep a clothes-shop. On the 21st of August the prisoner sold me this petticoat for 1s.—she had it on her back, and said she was in distress—I asked her four times if it was her own—she said it was.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not take the money, she gave her daughter orders to pay the rent.





MARY GODFREY

re-examined. My daughter is not nine years old—I told the prisoner the money was on the shelf, if the person should call.




GUILTY
.* Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.
