



695. 




THOMAS HARRIS



, unlawfully obtaining money from 



Cynrie Lloyd, Esq., by false pretences.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






CYNRIC LLOYD, ESQ
. I live at 7, Lower Brook-street, Grosvenor-square—I have some race-horses. On 4th Dec. last I received this letter, marked "A"—(read—" Mr. Kirtons', 3, Peerless-place,

City-road, 4th Dec., 1847. Sir,—Understanding you are the confederate with Mr. Mostyn, in the Beatinck stud, I take up my pen to disclose the whole affair relative to the horses belonging to the Goodwood-stables being got at this last racing season, more particular in reference to Planet, Redhcart, and Glentilt; and if we can come to terms, as I can prove the facts, the of Planet and the other horses, was got at, and a certain drug given to them so as to ensure their losing any race they starts for, and likewise injuring the constitution of the horses. I hear that it has been hinted, in some paper, this last week, that the trainer, Kent, knows all about it, and the stable likewise; but this I can prove to be false, and likewise that the same parties will again, if possible, get at the Goodwood Derby horses again next year, as one of the parties engaged in that affair is busily engaged in laying long odds against a horse called Surplice, in the stable. If, Sir, you choose to come to my terms, the parties all concerned in the affair shall be given up to you, and likewise some of the stuff that was given to the horses, with every proof of the same, and no surmise, but all facts. My terms are as follow: that you shall send me, per return of post, on the receipt of this letter, a 10l. note; I will then meet you on Thursday; it cannot be before, as one witness will have to come from the country, and I must send him some money down to pay his expenses up to London, at any place and time you choose to appoint; and I will bring all the witnesses and proofs against the parties engaged in it; and after I have done so, and have proved to your satisfaction that what I state is true, and the parties are in your possession, that you shall further remunerate me with a sum of not less than 20l. If you agree to this, I shall thank you to let me hear per return of post, so that there be no delay in the affair, and that the parties engaged in it may be thoroughly exposed. Awaiting your answer, I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, HENRY HALFORD.')—In consequence of receiving that, I wrote a letter addressed to Henry Halford, 3, Peerless-place, City-road—I have no doubt that letter was posted—(the prisoner admitted that notice had been given him to produce this letter, but denied having it)—it was to the effect that I should be happy to hear anything he had to say if he called on me, but I should decline sending the 10l. till I heard something more—some days after the prisoner came to my house, and represented that he had been sent by his father, who was unable to come himself—he asked me whether I had not received a note from his father, Henry Halford, promising to give me some information with reference to a conspiracy, which he alleged had existed, and did exist, for the purpose of drugging or poisoning race-horses; and if his father had not undertaken to produce certain witness, if 10l. was given him for the purpose of paying their necessary expenses up to London—I told him that I had heard from his father to that effect; and upon his further statement I gave him 10l.—he gave his own name as Alfred Halford—he said he was to take he 10l. to his father; that he had sent him for it; that he was going to Manchester, for one place, and was to fetch up three witnesses, named Wood, Thacker, and Phelps—I do not know such persons—before I gave him the 10l. he produced to me this letter, signed "Williams"—he said he had it from his father—he said his father had been implicated in these conspiracies for some yeard, and he had received large sums of money at different times—this is a letter purporting to come to his father, from Williams, the head of the gang—(this letter was dated 13th Dec., 1847, from the Prince of Wales, Clarence-street, Brighton, in which several parties were named as connected with the supposed transaction, out of which the writer hoped 2,000l. would be realized)—he said that his father did not intend to disclose the names of all the partied engaged, but only those certain partied who had behaved shabbily towards him upon some occasion; that he himself had not, up to that time, taken any part personally in the conspiracy, though he was aware of what had been going on; that he had no desire to take any part in it, but that his father and brother had not behaved well towards him; and as he knew they meant to deceive me, he would, if I would reward and protect him, work on his own account, and get me information which they intended to deny me—upon the strength of this statement, I gave him the 10l. to give to his father—I took this receipt from him—I wrote it, and he signed it in my presence—(read—"Received 10l. for my father, Mr. H. Halford, to fetch witnesses up to London to prove that the Goodwood horses were drugged. For H. Halford, A. Halford.")—After that I had several interviews with the prisoner—he produced to me, upon those occasions, a mass of letters, some written in blue, and some in black ink—they were generally similar to the letters signed "Williams"—I have them here.

Prisoner. Q. When I came to you, did not offer me money to work for you before I mentioned a word? A. No; I did not say if you would work for me I would pay you handsomely, nor offer you 1,000l. reward—I said if there was such a conspiracy as was represented by you, and if so many persons were concerned in it as you named, and they could be legally convicted, I had no doubt you would receive a very large reward—I said I had no doubt that a reward of 1,000 guineas would be given on conviction, but I could not tell what might be done—you said several times that you did not want anything till you proved the case true.

Q. Did you ask me, after some time, to join them; and did not I say I would rather beg my bread in the street than become a gambler with them, and you said you would protect me if I would join them? A. You volunteered

to join them if I thought it would be of any advantage to me, and I said I would give you such protection as I could if you brought me information relative to the parties—when you brought me a letter with four crosses, and some drugs, which you said you had obtained from Williams, I cannot say that I trembled, I might have shown some agitation—I may have said I thought I had seen writing like it—I do not recollect saying that I knew the writer—this is the letter (looking at one)—letters, marked "D, "E," and "F," are my writing—I have no knowledge of such persons as Wood, Thacker, and Phelps, except as represented in letters purporting to come from them—you said a person named Ashcroft had been pointed out as one of the persons who had been engaged in drugging horses—I believe I said that a person had pointed Ashcroft out to me at Ascot races.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe you are a cousin of Lord Mostyn? A. A nephew—at the time in question I was joining with Mr. Mostyn, his lordship's son, in keeping race-horses—if I had known that, instead of being the son of a supposed Mr. Henry Halford, the prisoner's name was Thomas Harris, that he had been writing these letters himself, and that he was the person residing in Peerless-place, and no such person as Halford or Williams had ever been there, I do not think I should have parted with my 10l.—I had a little hesitation as it was—it was because I believed there were such transactions as his father could disclose, that I was induced to part with it—whether there are such persons as he represented engaged in drugging horses, or anything of the sort, I gave not the slightest reason to suppose or know, except from the information I gor from the letters he handed to me—he told me he and his father resided at 14, Castle-street, Finsbury.





LORD HENRY LENNOX
. I am one of the younger sons of the Duke of Richmond, and am a friend of Mr. Lloyd's. He sent me this letter (marked A)—I produced it at the Police-office, where Mr. Lloyd recognised it—the prisoner told me that his father, his brother, and Williams were well known at Kirton's coffee-shop, 3, Peerless-place; that Williams was always there at least once a day.

Prisoner. Q. I believe you have been yourself accused of standing is with the rogues? A. No, indeed; I did not say that it had been mentioned at Tattersall's that I had screened the parties.





EMILY BAKER
. I am waitress at Kirton's coffee-shop, 3, Peerless-place, City-road. The prisoner has been in the habit of frequenting that shop—I have never seen his father or brother there, or a Mr. Williams—the prisoner was principally writing when he was there—he head a small bottle of blue ink—he wrote a great many letters, some in blue and some in black ink, and sealed them, some with black wax and some with red—he left some blue ink there, which I gave to Sergeant Beckerson—he was there alone—he came for about six or seven weeks in this way, in Dec. and Jan. last.





WILLIAM KIRTON
. I keep coffee-shop. I was ill in Dec.—when I was sufficiently well to attend to business, I found that the prisoner was frequenting my shop—I never saw his father, or brother, or Williams—the letters for the prisoner were directed to my house, in the name of Halford—he gave that name—he was usually writing—he once asked me to post a letter for him—I saw him direct it, in blue ink, and he put two postage-stamps on it—this is the letter (looking at one, addressed to Mr. Lloyd, and signed Henry Halford, dated 5th Jan., 1848.)

Prisoner. Q. Did you pist that letter yourself? A. Yes.





JOHN CHALLIS SMITH
. I am a publican, in Clement's-lane, Strand. I

have known the prisoner sixteen or seventeen years—I knew his parents—his name is Thomas Harris—his father's name was Robert Harris, he has been dead between four and five years—he has no brother.





JOSEPH SHACKELL
. I am one of the superintendents of the detective police. In consequence of a representation that the prisoner expected to be poisoned, I accompanied Lord Henry Lennox, Mr. Lloyd, and the prisoner to Marlborough-street Police-court—the prisoner made a deposition, in consequence of which, on Tuesday, 11th Jan., I obtained a warrant, which I have here—I set out with the prisoner to find the parties named in it—we walked about from twelve or one at noon till midnight—we went to a great number of places—I at last gave up the pursuit, being satisfied he was telling me an untruth, but I sent another party on—I was regularly knocked up—I told the prisoner to be with me to breakfast at nine o'clock next morning—he did not come—before I saw him again I learnt his name, and who and what he was—I had been to Castle-street, Finsbury, to Mr. Henley's—next evening I went to Mr. Lloyd's, and the prisoner was sent for—I asked him the reason he had not met me—he said he had been to see Mr. Lloyd, at eight o'clock, and was coming to see me at nine, but he had met his father in the Quadrant; that from there he went to Oxford-street, and afterwards took a cab, and went with his father to various places about town, which was the reason he did not meet me; his father was to see me and put me on the persons mentioned in the warrant—I then said that everything he had been telling me was an untruth, and he must consider himself in my custody—I charged him with obtaining 10l. from Mr. Lloyd under false pretences, and told him that his name was not Henry Halford, that I had found out his name—he afterwards admitted that his name was Thomas Harris—I told him where his father lived, and who he was, that I had found out all about him; that his father used to keep a public-house; that he said his father lived at 13, Castle-street, which was untrue; that I understood he had been dead four or five years—he admitted it—he had said he had a brother and a father, who had got one of the parties named in the warrant safe, for me to apprehend him—I told him that was untrue, that he had no father, only two sisters and a mother—he admitted t, and then begged for mercy of Mr. Lloyda I have seen the prisoner write—he wrote me a letter, to meet him at the prison—I met him, and be afterwards admitted having written it, and the wrote a letter in my presence—these are them (produced)—I told him I believed all the letters to be in his writing—he did not acknowledge it, but I saw four of his letters—I also saw him sign his name—I believe all the letters which have been produced are his writing.

Prisoner. Q. I believe you went after a person named Williams? A. Yes, that is one of the names on the warrant—I found out a man about twelve at night, and told you I knew a party mentioned in the warrant, but his name was not Williams—I pointed him out to you—at first you hesitated, and then said, "No; that is not the person"—a man named Cork did not tell me he knew Williams—he said he knew a person who answered the description, but that was not his name, and we went out together to find him—I saw you write twice, once at the Police-court, and a letter to your sister—I compared the letter with your signature at the Police-court, and when you wrote your name to your deposition, Lord Henry Lennox pointed it out to me, and said, "Look at this; it is the same handwriting"—I do not judge of your writing only by comparison, but from seeing you write as well—there was not person answering the description of Williams at a billiard-room—it was one of my sergeants, who I had sent to make inquiries.





HLNRY HENLEY
. I live at 13, Castle-street, Finsbury, and have done so

for thirteen months. During that time neither the prisoner, hi father, or any one named Alfred, or Henry Halford, has been living there; no one but my own family.

JURY
to
MR. LLOYD. Q. Is it a practice on the turf to purchase information of trainers and others? A. Not that I know of—I have never yet paid persons for information, and I do not think I ever shall—I had reason to believe my horses were drugged in the course of the year.

Prisoner's Defence. I am the son of a widowed mother, and was never before charged with a dishonest act; I do not deny having the 10l. from Mr. Lloyd, but it was to procure information; if the letters had been read, they would have shown much valuable information was obtained from me; I have always lived at 1, Belitha-terrace, Barnsbury-park, with my mother; having to frequent public-houses, I became acquainted with Halford; he asked me to join him; I refused; he said if I would act as his son he would find me a situstion; I said I did not like acting another person, but if it would be a good thing, as he said, I would do it, and I did; Mr. Lloyd offered me a reward; I told him I wanted nothing till the case was proved; I understood they were going to deceive him, and I believe, if I was at liberty, I could have put every one of the parties into custody, and proved myself innocent; I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.
(William Benbow Nelson, schoolmaster, 19, Haberdasher-street, Hoxton, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner for perjury.)
