





2961. 




WILLIAM BUCKLAND
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of October, 2 brooches, value 10s.; 1 ring, value 5s.; 6 spoons, value 1l. 5s.; and 2 sovereigns, the goods of 



Robert Alexander: and 





FREDERICK BUCKLAND
 and 




ANN GODWIN



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.: and that Frederick Buckland and Ann Godwin had been before convicted of felony; to which


WILLIAM BUCKLAND pleaded 


GUILTY
.† Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.





ELIZABETH ALEXANDER
. I am the wife of Robert Alexander, and live at Merton, in Surrey—the Bucklands are my nephews—William bad left me two or three years—he came to my house to see me and I made him up a bed—the next morning he breakfasted and went away—I saw no more of him until he was at Worship-street—when he was gone I missed these

things—this brooch is mine—that is all that is found—it was in a small box in my bed-room—it was locked.





WILLIAM HORSENELL
 (police-constable G 172.) On Wednesday, the 11th of October, I went to Sadler's Wells Theatre, and found the three prisoners, and two girls in their company—I charged them with robbing a man at Merton—they said they did not know anything about it—I took them to the station, and saw William putting his hand into his pocket—I put my band in and asked what he had done with the ring—he said "Thrown it in the pit"—he said, "You don't know me, you will have to take me to Croydon, where the job was done"—I found on Godwin a gown and silk handkerchief—she said she had one of the brooches which William had given her, and she had given it away to Frederick—he denied baring it—I then went to their residence—I found a dress on Bailey.





ROBERT COLE
. I found this gown on Bailey, she said it was given her by William, and he had given her a brooch, which was at No. 3, George-court, where she and Godwin lived—I took her there—she went to a cupboard and took from it this brooch, which she said William bad given her, and she had put it back there again, refusing to have anything to do with it.





CAROLINE BAILET
. I live in West-street. On the morning of last Wednesday fortnight Frederick came in and then William came—they had some breakfast with Godwin—she had a room to herself—Frederick said to William, "Have you not got a lobb?"—William put his hand into his pocket and pulled out some silver, two brooches and a ring—he then gare Frederick 1s. 6d.—Godwin was in the room all the time—William went out for some gin—Frederick put 6d. down towards the gin—then William put down half a dozen silver spoons, and asked me to go out with him—I said, "No, I do not want you to go out"—she and Godwin then went to Petticoat-lane, and he sold these spoons—I do not know what for—before we went out Godwin had a brooch and gave me a brooch—I put it in the cupboard—when we came back he went out and bought these two dresses and four silk handkerchiefs—Godwin said she wanted a dress—he said, did I want one—I said, "No"—he said, "Yes, she wants one, you may as well have one"—he bought me a blue cotton, then he asked us all to the theatre—I paid for myself and the other woman, but Godwin had William's money.

Godwin. William gave me no money. Witness. He gave her 6s. and paid her rent that day.

Godwin's Defence. He did not give me any money; he paid my rent.

Frederick's Defence. I was not with him when he bought the gowns; he gave me 1s., and asked me to go to the play; Godwin gave me a handkerchief to put round my neck.





CHARLES TYE
 (City police-constable, No. 489.) I produce a certificate of Godwin's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—she is the same person.





FREDERICK MILES
 (police-constable G 14.) I produce a certificate of Frederick Buckland's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

FREDERICK BUCKLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

ANN GODWIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Seven Years.
