




321. 




WILLIAM ALLFORD
 and 




GEORGE WALKER
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 copper funnel, value 1l., the goods of 



Thomas Lucock; 3 brushes, 1s. 6d.; 1 towel, 3d.; 1 fork, 1d.; 1 box of blacking, 2s.; the goods of 



Alfred Fife, in a 
vessel on the River Thames; and that Walker had been before convicted of felony.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY JOSEPH KING
 (Thames police-constable, No, 30.) I was on duty, at half-past one o'clock in the morning of the 29th of Nov., in a boat near Rotherhithe—Havinden was with me—I saw the prisoners in a boat, rowing from between two tiers of vessels towards the shore—I boarded them, and asked what they had got in the boat—I saw this bag under Allford's feet—I took possession of it—I asked whose boat they had got there—Allford said, "You can read, look and see; it is Barrett's boat"—Havinden looked in my presence, and there was no name on it—there were sculls with a name on them—I took this bag, and Havinden took these two pieces of copper, which were under Allford's feet, and put them into my boat—I took up one scull, to prevent the prisoners' going off—Allford took it out of my hand and said, "I will sooner lose my b—life than go up there"—I took the boat out into the centre of the stream, and Allford took out something which I thought was a knife—I took the truncheon, to prevent him from doing anything, and he said, "If you do that I will put this in you"—Walker then came with a knife, and attempted to cut the headfast—I prevented him, and Allford said,

"Whip the knife into his b—guts"—I made an alarm, assistance came, and they were taken—I found these three brushes and other things in the bag—these two pieces of copper have not been identified.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I believe they made no use of their knives? A. No.





HENRY HAVINDEN
 (Thames police-constable. No. 45.) I was out with King, and saw these things found, as he has said—Allford said he would sooner lose his b—life than go to the station—I saw a knife in Walker's hand.





ALFRED FIFE
. I am a Custom-house officer. On the 29th of Nov. I was on board the schooner John, at Quebec-wharf, Rotherhithe—on that night I lost a box, which I had left safe on the deck the night before—about seven o'clock the next morning the box was gone—it contained these three brushes, this towel, this piece of soap, and other things—this bag is mine, and was in the box, which was locked—I can swear these are my things.





THOMAS LUCOCK
. I am master of the schooner John—this piece of copper is the top of my funnel—it was safe on board at eleven o'clock at night on the 28th of Nov., and I missed it at seven o'clock the next morning.





SIMON BARRETT
. I am a lighterman, and live at Rotherhithe. I bare seen the boat the officer took possession of—it is mine—I never lent it to the prisoners—it was safe at eight o'clock at night on the 28th of Nov.—I missed it at twelve o'clock that night.





THOMAS HUBBARD
. I am a waterman. I have seen a pair of sculls found in the boat the prisoners had—they belong to me—I never lent them to the prisoners—I always bid them defiance of taking anything belonging to me.





JOSHUA JUDGE
. I am a Thames police-inspector. I found a box floating in the Thames—it had been broken open and the contents of it gone—it had been shown to Alfred Fife—he claimed it as his.

Allford's Defence. I walked down to Prince's-stairs, to see if my father's boat was safe; a sailor asked if I could put him on board a ship; I said, "Yes;" 1 saw a boat, and said, "I will take this;" the officer came and asked what I had; I said I did not know; he found these things; I was not aware they were there, or I would have thrown them overboard.





JOHN BAILEY WELLS
 (police-constable M 54.) I produce a certificate of Walker's former conviction at this Court, by the name of Thomas Williams—(read—Convicted Feb. 3rd, 1845, having been before convicted; confined twelve months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.
*ALLFORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined One Year.

†WALKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

