



212. 




HENRY HALFORD BOTTRILL
. was again indicted

 for bigamy.


MR. PRENDERGAS. conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM TAYLOR
. I was present at Aston, about ten years ago, when the prisoner was married to Hannah Rathbone—she is still living.





WILLIAM GEORGE PAUR
. I am parish clerk of St. Marylebone. On the 4th of October, 1840, Henry Bottrill and Mary Ann Perry, of full age, batchelor and spinster, were married, after banns, in the presence of John Edmonds, myself, and Elizabeth Edmonds—I cannot identify the prisoner—I produce the register.





MART ANN PERRY
. I was living servant at Mr. Ball's, in Oxford-street. While there I saw the prisoner—I married him, at Marylebone church, on the 4th of October last.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you the person that caused this indictment to be preferred, or was it somebody else? A. I do not know—I was obliged to do so to clear myself—every body that heard the case told me so—Mr. Ball said I ought so to do—I do not pay the expense of it—I do not know who does—I gave some money to a person to defend the prisoner—I went once to Clerkenwell prison to see him—I took him some things there—I first knew him four or five years ago—I do not know whether that was before he married Eliza Cowderoy—he did not tell me that he was married—I did not say that he did—I at one time accused him of it.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You heard that he was married, and accused him of it? A. Yes—that was a long time before we were married—he said, in a jocular way, that he had half a dozen wives—he gave me proof that that was not the case by his attention to me—I was satisfied that that was not the case—I told Mr. Ball that I was married.





JOHN BALL
. I live in Oxford-street; Perry was in my service. In consequence of something I heard, I felt it necessary to put some questions to her—I never saw the prisoner in my house till I brought him in—he then mentioned the circumstance himself, that Perry was his wife.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
