




1872. 




BENJAMIN WRIGHT
 and 



JOHN THOMPSON



 were indicted for stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 



John Kissock, from his person; and that they had both been before convicted of felony.







JOHN KISSOCK
. I am a draper, and live in Cambridge-road, Bethnal-green. On the 5th of Sept., at a quarter past eight o'clock in the evening, I was walking in Whitechapel—I turned round, and noticed the officer, Taylor, had got the prisoner Wright by the collar, and I missed my silk handkerchief from my pocket—I had used it a little time before—I felt it in my left-hand skirt pocket a quarter of an hour before.

Wright. When Taylor had hold of me there was a mob round, and how could he see whether he had hold of me—he came and said, "Mr. Taylor, have you got my handkerchief?" and how did he know he was an officer? Witness. He told me what he was.





SAMUEL TAYLOR
. I am the street-keeper of Whitechapel. On that evening I saw Wright at the corner of Petticoat-lane, following Mr. Kissock, and Thompson was in company with Wright—I saw Wright take hold of Mr. Kissock's left-hand pocket, take a red handkerchief out, and pass it to Thompson—I immediately seized Wright with my left hand, and I just got hold of Thompson's coat, but he made his escape, with the handkerchief in his possession—Wright resisted, but I secured him.





JOHN KISSOCK

re-examined. Q. Was yours a red handkerchief? A. Principally so.

Thompson. If the officer caught hold of me why did not he keep me, if I had the handkerchief, and let the other go away? I was not there.





SAMUAL TAYLOR

re-examined. He was—I know both the prisoners well—I could not hold Thompson—I had a stick in my right hand, and could not keep him—I called to a man to run after him, but the man is rather deaf, and did not hear me.

Wright's Defence. I was walking in Whitechapel; Taylor came up to me, almost tore me in pieces, and said I had picked the gentleman's pocket; it was almost dark; how could he tell a red handkerchief or a white handkerchief if that was the case, but it was not the case, I assure you; I know nothing about it.





EDWARD BURGESS
 (police-constable H 198.) I produce the two certifi-cates of the prisoners' convictions, which I got from the office at Clerken-well—they were both convicted on a joint indictment—I was present—they are the persons—(read—Convicted 5th Aug., 1844; confined twelve months, six weeks solitary.)

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

THOMPSON—


GUILTY
.





Transported for Ten Years.

