



2514. 




MARY HARRINGTON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of October, 2 pillow-cases, value 1s. 6d., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



George Smellie.






WILLIAM WALTER WILMIN
. I manage the business of George Smellie, a pawnbroker, in High-street, Shadwell. About six o'clock, on Monday evening the 5th of October, I observed the prisoner outside the shop—from information I had received before, and from what I had seen, I knew that she had come for the purpose of thieving—I placed myself behind a half-glazed door—when I had done so about five minutes, she came into the shop, and passed along a row of cloaks and gowns—these pillow-cases were

suspended aloft by a piece of string, and as she came by, she pulled them down, and put them behind some curtains—she then mixed with the persons pledging—I watched her about half an hour, when she saw the coast clear she stooped down, and picked them up—I came out, put my hand on her, and asked what she had got—she said, "What! nothing"—she had frequently been in to buy and pledge, but on this occasion she wanted nothing—I caught hold of her by the wrist, and threw her backwards, and these things lay at her feet—I snatched them up from between her ancles, and said, "I have got you at last"—I held her till a policeman came—she had not got out of the shop when I took the pillow-cases from her.





WILLIAM PARAMORE
. I am a policeman. I took her into custody.

Prisoner's Defence (written.) On the 5th of October I went into the shop to stop the ticket of a bed-gown I had lost; I was coming out; there were a great many people there; while stooping to take some dirt off, which had got on my shoes, I happened to lay my hand on a parcel which was in the passage; the shopman took hold of me, and asked what I was doing; I said that I had nothing; he called a policeman, and gave me in charge; he there said the gown I had on was theirs, which I had bought in Petticoat-lane for 3s. 6d.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
