




1629. 




ELIZABETH WELSH
 and 




MATILDA MARTIN
 were indicted for

 stealing 16 brooches, value 8l.; 2 breast-pins, 2l.; 3 ivory-cases, 10s.; 1 cast-iron plate, 1 wafer-stamp, 2 toys, 2s.; 3 boxes, 1 chain, 4 stones for brooches, 2 half-crowns, and 7 shillings; the goods of 



Robert Brock, from his person; and that Martin had been before convicted of felony.






RICHARD BROCK.
 I met the prisoner Welsh on the 16th of June, and went home with her—I asked her to let me lie down, as I was overtired—I had in my coat pocket sixteen brooches, two breast-pins, and various other articles—I went to sleep—I awoke, and found her and Martin rifling my pockets, taking out what I had there, and they absconded—my coat was on my person—my property was all gone—part of it is here—I am quite sure of it.

Welsh. You never saw me, nor spoke to me, nor I to you. Witness. I am sure they are the females that were there.

Martin. You told me every farthing you had was 4 1/2d., and you gave me three brooches to pawn. Witness. No, I did not give you anything to pawn.





GEORGE GOLDING.
 I am assistant to a pawnbroker, at Shadwell—I produce three brooches, taken in of Martin on the 17th of June, one about twelve o'clock, and the others about three o'clock in the afternoon—I am sure she is the person.





EBENEZER CLARK.
 I am assistant to Mr. Hawes, a pawnbroker, in Shadwell—I produce a brooch which I took in of Welsh on the 17th of June, about twelve o'clock.





EDWARD HENRY BLAY.
 I keep the Golden Eagle, in Shadwell—I have three brooches, which Martin left with me to take care of, about nine o'clock on the 17th of June.

Welsh. I met this young woman: she pulled this brooch out of her pocket, and said, "I will make you a present of it;" I said I had not things to wear with it; she said a friend gave it to her; I thought as it was no use to me, I would go and pawn it, as I wanted a pair of shoes—I could not tell whether it was gold or not—I pawned it for 2s., and when I came out this woman asked me to give her the duplicate of it.






JOHNANNA HARRINGTON.
 On the 17th of June, Welsh gave me a chain to make a necklace for the child—I gave it to the officer—this is it.

Welsh. Q. Did I give you chain? A. Yes.

Welsh. You took it out of my hand, and went away with it.





THOMAS BURNS
 (police-constable K 255.) I went to Mr. Child, a pawnbroker—I saw Martin offer two brooches in pawn—they were refused—she went out—I followed, and questioned her respecting them—she said she had them given her by a sailor—she then said she had them given her by her brother, who was gone to Sidney—I found these cameos under a china ornament in Welsh's room.

Martin's Defence. I had been out all night; I came home, and this young woman asked me to go with her to pawn her clothes; I went, and she said, "I have got half-a-crown and some halfpence;" we went, and met the prosecutor and a cab-man; we had a drop of beer, and she went home with the prosecutor, who was very tipsy; we came out, and I had not been out more than twenty minutes when I picked up these brooches.





THOMAS PICKING
 (police-constable K 87.) I produce a certificate of Martin's former conviction by the name of Matilda Everdale—(read—Convicted 1st of March, 1841, and transported for seven years)—she is the person.

WELSH—


GUILTY. Aged 25.—



Confined Six Months.


MARTIN—


GUILTY. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

