




186. 




JOHN JONES
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 quilt, value 6s. 2 sheets, and 2 towels, 6s. the goods of 



Elizabeth Brittain, having been before convicted.






ELIZABETH BRITTAIN.
 I am a widow, and keep a coffee-house in East Smithfield. On the night of the 20th Oct. The prisoner came to me to lodge—I showed him a bed-room, and locked him in—I went to the room next morning between eight and nine o'clock, found the door unlocked, and the prisoner gone—the servant had opened the door in the morning—I missed two pairs of sheets, a counterpane, and two towels, not ten minutes after he was gone—I have not seen them since.

Prisoner. Q. Was I the only lodger? A. We had eighteen besides you.





MARGARET LAZAROWICH.
 I am wife of Giovani Lazarowich, and live with my mother, the last witness. On the morning of 21st Oct. I let the lodgers out at half-past six o'clock—they all belonged to the docks but the prisoner—every one went but him—I saw the things safe, and he was in the bed-room after the others had gone—no one else slept in the room—I went up stairs between eight and nine o'clock to call my mother prisoner was in his room then—I came back in ten minutes afterwards and he was gone, and the things also—there was no one else in the house but the servant, who was cleaning the yard.

Prisoner. There was a woman at the bottom of the stairs.





JACOB VANDENBERG.
 I am a marine-store dealer. On the Friday morning, between nine and ten o'clock, the prisoner came to me and offered a patch-work quilt for sale for 8s., and two brown cotton sheets, which were tied up in a towel under his arm—I refused to buy them—he went away.

Prisoner. I never went to your house. Witness. You did; I told you to go, or I would kick you out.





MARY BRITTAIN

re-examined. Mine was a patchwork counterpane—they were brown calico sheets—I lost them out of different rooms.





THOMAL KELLY
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner and told him the charge—he said, "I know nothing about it; I was never at the North Country Coffee-house"—I had not told him the name of the coffee-house—I had said it was opposite the London Docks.

Prisoner's Defence. They were in the coffee-room when I went out, and some of the lodgers were at the door, and would have seen me if I had the things.





WILLIAM CHARLES POTTER
 (policeman, K 212.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted, May, 1843, having been before convicted, transported for seven years)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 59.—


Transported for Seven Years.

