






185. 




JOHN BUTLER,


 ROBERT FINCH,


 JOHN MERITY
, and 



GEORGE DIPPLE



, stealing 216lbs. weight of lard, and other articles, value 6l. 6s.; the goods of 



John Ruck, the master of Butler and Finch.—2nd
COUNT, charging MERITY and DIPPLE with receiving the same.



MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.
PATRICK EDWARD DONELEY. I am clerk to Mr. John Ruck, who carries on business as John Ruck and Co., at Topping's Wharf, Tooley-street; he sells grease, lard, and butter; Butler and Finch were in his employ, as porters. In consequence of something we heard, two policemen were requested to watch the premises, on the morning of 9th Dec.; I was also vigilant—on that morning I received a communication from one of the policemen, and I went to Wellington-street; I saw a cart there, which contained two barrels and three firkins—the prisoner Dipple was sitting in the cart—after a short time Merity came up the steps leading from my employer's premises to London-bridge; he got into the cart, and as he got in, Dipple spoke to him; directly he got in, the cart drove on—I saw a cab, and a constable who was with me got on the box of it; that was about fifty yards behind the cart—I observed Dipple point me out to Merity directly he got into the cart, and they drove on across the bridge—I then saw Dipple point out the policeman to Merity, and directly he saw the policeman on the cab he turned back, and drove over the bridge more rapidly than I could follow them—I followed as fast as I could, and the policeman followed in the cab; the cart went down Duke-street, where the front of our premises are—I took a short cut, and arrived at the back of the premises, just as the cart arrived—I saw Merity and Dipple jump out—Merity said to Dipple, "Look sharp!"—they wheeled two barrels out of the cart, and attempted to wheel them into the cellar; I prevented it, by seizing hold of Merity and Dipple, and the barrels remained on the pavement—Merity said, "Let me go, it is all right"—I said, "No, certainly not"—I kept hold of him, but was obliged to leave my hold of the othe—the policeman came up; Merity then endeavoured to get me off him—he said, "Let me go"—I said, "I will not"—he swung me round, and came over the cellar—he plunged into the cellar, and endeavoured to pull me in, but he did not—the policeman came up—Dipple had a barrel in his hand—the policeman took him—I went by another way into the cellar, and met Merity as he was rushing up; and he and I had another struggle in the cellar—Butler and Finch were taken immediately afterwards—one of the barrels was full of lard, and the other half full—one of the firkins contained butter, and the other two grease—the two firkins of grease had been paid for, but they were all in Mr. Ruck's possession—the other things were Mr. Ruck's—Merity said to Butler, "You know, Jack, you gave me these things to sell; I was to get a customer for them"—Butler replied, "I know nothing but what you paid for; I gave you a receipt for what you paid"

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNBLL. Q. Was not this what Merity said; "You trusted me with these things till 1 could find a customer?" A. Yes; Butler said, "I gave you a receipt for what you paid; "and Butler said, I know nothing about anything else"—I will swear he said that—there was a great deal of conversation—I think I was excited—I have been in Mr. Ruck's employ four years and a half, and Butler was there before me—I generally got there from half-past eight till nine o'clock in the morning—I got there that morning five or ten minutes before eight—I found Butler there—his time for coming was half-past seven—I saw the cart on London-bridge, about two minutes before I got to the premises—it was the business of Mr. Brasher, the warehouseman, to keep the book, in which would appear what is sold—my

employer's son had sold these articles to Merity the day before—Mr. Brasher and my employer's son have authority to sell—I never sell in the warehouse, I sell when travelling—Mr. Ruck himself sells—if they were all out of the way we have no means of selling—suppose Butler were to sell, Mr. Ruck would not take the money when he came—I know that Merity had not been a customer before—the business was John and Cornelius Ruck's; but Cornelius Ruck has left and set up for himself—I do not know that Merity was a customer of the former firm—I do not know that Mr. Knight and Mr. Warren have had goods of the porters, and afterwards settled with Mr. Ruck—I do not believe it.

cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Has not Merity bad dealings with Mr. Ruck? A. I believe he had one dealing—I expect that has been accounted for—supposing Mr. Ruck and the foreman were away, I might sell goods myself—I do not think I should be doing wrong—I am quite certain, if Mr. Ruck knew that one of the porters had sold goods, he would say he had acted improperly—I have no occupation beside being in Mr. Ruck's service—I sold some spirits on one occasion—when I say I sold it, I mean that I became a purchaser at a Custom-house sale, for two or three friends, and they paid me again for what they had, and the same occurrence took place nine months ago—to the best of my recollection it has never taken place at any other time—on the last occasion I purchased eleven gallons of spirits, to the best of my recollection; and on the first occasion I think it was eight gallons—I purchased it for my friends—I permitted Butler to take one quart of it—I will not swear that I did not sell that at a profit.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You say Dipple pointed to a cab on which the policeman was? A. Yes; and Merity turned round and saw him—they then turned in a direction to pass the policeman—Dipple drove the cart in the first instance, but when they returned, Merity drove—the policeman was in plain clothes.

MR. PARRY. Q. Had Butler, or any other porter, authority to sell, from you or your master? A. They had strict orders not to sell—on one occasion I myself gave orders to Butler not to sell in the absence of Mr. Ruck. ROBERT COUSINS BRASHER. I am warehouseman to Mr. John Ruck—I never gave Butler or Finch authority to sell goods—they had no authority to my knowledge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Have you brought your books here? A. No; 1 do not know of any particular sale to Mr. Knight, of Tooley-street—he has bought goods—he has had goods away, without knowing what the price of them was, when he has sent a printed order—I may have supplied him with goods without knowing the price of them—when such printed orders were brought, it would most likely be delivered to me; if I were out, most likely to Mr. Ruck—there are three or four Mr. Rucks—they are not in partnership—Mr. John Ruck, senior, is the only one—a printed order might be handed to Butler, he would not execute it—I suppose there are thirteen or fourteen persons in the establishment to whom the order might be brought—there are two books, in which an account would be kept of what was sent out, one for the week and one for the fortnight—I went at eight o'clock in the morning—the cart was not there when 1 got there—the grease would be entered in the book, which is kept in my desk at night, and on the desk in the day.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. What are your wages? A. 100l. a year—I do not know what Butler's wages are—I am not certain that nobody

else has sold goods while I and Mr. Ruck have been away—others have sold goods besides me—I should not think it very irregular if I were to come to the warehouse, and were told a purchase had been made, and the money received—it would be more irregular for Butler to sell than any one else, because he is not authorized to sell—it is not the custom for persons not authorized, to sell.

MR. PARRY. Q. You have authority to execute orders? A. Yes; and Mr. William Denny Ruck has, and he does sell—Butler does not sell, in the exercise of his duty.





WILLIAM DENNT RUCK
. I am in the employ of Mr. John Ruck—I sold to the prisoner Merity two firkins of grease on 7th Nov., I think at 35s. per cwt.—I should think they weighed about f cwt., and would be worth about 30s.—I did not sell him any butter or lard—the firkins and barrels that are here are my father's property—we missed one of these tubs, No. 48, from the warehouse, which had not been sold—the value of the lard and butter is about 6l. or 7l., and the grease bought is about 80s.—I never gave authority to Butler or Finch to sell—no one bad authority to sell in the warehouse and give credit but my father, myself, and my brother.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Had you given Butler orders not to sell? A. I did not think it necessary—I did not think a porter would undertake to sell—I have never ordered any of them not to sell—I missed this tub on the morning it was lost—it was there that morning—I missed two casks of grease which had been standing there the night before, and which I had sold to Merity—I have been in the business fourteen years—Butler has not been there so long—I cannot recollect how long he has been there—I am twenty-nine years old—I began in the business before I was fourteen.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Do you know of any other purchase made by Merity? A. He had previously purchased refuse stuff—I do not think he ever purchased as much as 10l. worth—I cannot recollect his purchasing more than once of the old firm, and that was refuse.

MR. PARRY. Q. You missed this, No. 48, which was found in the cart? A. Yes; I had not sold it, nor given authority to Butler or Finch to sell it JOHN RUCK. I carry on this business—Butler and Finch were in my service—Butler had 22s. a week, and Finch had 18s.—they had never sold goods without my sanction—I do not know Merity and Dipple.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Would it be the practice that those who sold, would enter in the warehouse book? A. Yes; decidedly—they ought to be entered.





GEORGE WILD
 (policeman, M 94). On 9th Oct., I went to a public-house, from the back parlour of which I could observe Mr. Ruck's premises—I was in company with Ayliffe—we got there about seven o'clock in the morning, on 9th Nov.—there is a door at the back of the premises, and a step or two, and the cellar-flap is by the side of the steps where the crane is—about twenty minutes before eight I saw the horse and cart driven up by Dipple—he drove near the warehouse door of Mr. Ruck's premises—he waited a short time, and Finch came out and began sweeping—he went into the warehouse again, and then I saw him lifting a firkin, and Dipple put it into the cart—I afterwards saw Finch lifting another firkin, and Dipple put it into the cart—I then saw a third firkin lifted, and they put it into the cart—I then saw Finch pull the chain to let it down into the cellar through the flap, and some one in the cellar fixed it to the barrel of lard—I saw a man, who I

believe was the prisoner Butler, as it was drawn up, push it so as to guide it on the pavement—that barrel came up, and was put into the cart by Dipple and Finch—I then saw a tub standing on the pavement with straw in it—it was put into the cart by Dipple and Finch, and the cart was driven up Duke-street—Dipple stopped opposite the steps, and Merity joined him and got into the cart—I had seen Merity go into the warehouse before anything was put into the cart—the cart drove over the bridge opposite the Adelaide Hotel—at that time Dipple was driving—I took a cab and got on the box—I then saw the cart stop, and turn round, and they drove back as hard as they could past me—I turned, and followed them to Tooley-street, where the horse and cart stopped—I jumped off, and saw Merity and Dipple pulling out the tubs, and rolling them on the cellar-flap—I took Dipple and gave him to my brother officer—I then went into the cellar, and took Merity—Butler was standing close by, and Merity said to him, "Jack you know you trusted me with these things to see if I could get a customer"—Butler said, "I gave you a bill, that is all I know"—this is the bill—it is for two casks of grease, 1l. 8s. 9d.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Who is Dipple's master? Mr. Fletcher—he is here—the horse and cart belong to him—Merity hired the horse and cart, and Mr. Fletcher sent Dipple in charge of it with Merity—when I spoke to Dipple, I found that he was apparently hard of hearing—I have heard from Mr. Fletcher that he was an honest man—when I took him he was very quiet—he did not resist at all—it was from what he said that I went to Mr. Fletcher.





ALFRED AYLETT
 (policeman, M 51). I was with Wild on 9th Nov.—I have heard what he has said—I saw the casks pulled up by these parties—I saw a person, who I believe was Merity, go into the warehouse—I then went to Mr. Donnolly, who was at a coffee-house close by, and then I went over London-bridge—I saw the cart with Merity and Dipple in it—it turned, and I turned and went after it—I believe Merity was driving as it returned, but I would not speak positively to that—I searched Butler, and found on him 3l. 0s. 81l. 2d.—I found a savings bank book at his lodging. (Butler, Finch, and Merity received good characters).

BUTLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MERITY—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Eighteen Months.


FINCH and DIPPLE—


NOT GUILTY
.
