



1210. 




WILLIAM JONES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of March, 2 sovereigns, the monies of 



James Watts.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WATTS
. I am the son of James Watts, who keeps a wine-vaults at No. 100, High Holborn. On the night of the 19th of March I was in the bar—the prisoner and a companion came in and called for a pint of beer, which I served them with—they then commenced a conversation about the manufacturing of the taps, and got into dispute about it—they were talking about the leakage of the taps in general—I paid no attention to it—they went out, and returned in about three minutes—they then commenced conversation again about it, and the prisoner's companion was drawing my attention to the taps—the prisoner went from the front of the bar to another part of the counter by my side, and reached across with a stick to a sideboard—I heard some money jink, and turned, and saw the stick placed across the bar to the sideboard—I called out, s' What are you at?"—the prisoner made no answer, but immediately ran out of the house—before he came in I had two sovereigns and a half and 1l. in silver on

the sideboard where the stick was—when he ran out I ran after him, and did not lose sight of him till he was taken—he was brought back to the house, and some money and keys, this black stick, a small piece of wood and a little tin shovel were found on him—I missed two sovereigns from the sideboard—one sovereign was found in his hand, and his hand was in his coat pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How lately before he came had you seen this money? A. Within ten minutes—the silver was put up in 1l. parcels, and the other money was lying on the sideboard separate from it—I was out of the bar about three or four minutes when I ran after the prisoner—I ran across the road through the cab-stand, and he was caught in Turnstile, I should think about a hundred yards from our house—I did not leave any body in our place when I went out—it was after I came back I missed the money—I swear I did not lose sight of him—the other man left the house at the time the prisoner did, but I kept my eyes on the prisoner.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Did the prisoner give any reason for his running away? A. He said to the policeman that he was taken short.

COURT. Q. How could the stick help him to get the money? A. There was some adhesive stuff to it.





EDWARD ROBINS
 (police-constable F 66.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 19th of March, about seven o'clock in the evening—he was running across the cab stand to Little Turnstile, where I caught him—the prosecutor was crying "Stop thief"—I had a difficulty in catching him—when I first started he gave a turn round the cab
stand, and I had a fall—I got up and ran and took him—he said, "What do you stop me for?"—I did not make him any answer—Mr. Watts came up and said, "I give him in charge for robbing the bar"—I found one sovereign in his left-hand, which was in his coat pocket, and I found on him one sixpence, and 9d. in copper—I put the sovereign in my mouth, and it tasted soapy—the prisoner said, "Put that sovereign down, it is mine"—there was something sticking to it, and to the stick also, which appeared to be of the same description—I found on him this small bit of wood, and a tin shovel—there is a hole in the end of the long stick, which will hold the shovel—the prisoner gave his name as William Smith, and the following day he gave his name as James Johnson, and said he lived at No. 2, over the water—I have not been able to find his address by the description he gave of it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he tell you any thing about his being taken short? A. In going to the station he did—I think that was not true.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
