




583. 




MARY ANN FLOOD
 and 




EDWARD SMART
 were indicted for

 robbery, with violence, on 




Edward Bates, and stealing 1 watch, value 3l. 10s.; his goods.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD BATES
. I live at 48, Howland-street, Fitzroy-square, and am a printer. On the morning of 16th Jan., about twenty minutes to one o'clock, I was coming over Hungerford-bridge, from the Surrey-side—I had taken a glass of rum and water, a drop of porter, and a cigar, but I was perfectly collected, and knew what I was about—I had not got more than fifty yards from the toll-bar, when the prisoner Flood accosted me, and walked a few steps by me, and then pressed me so tight against the wall, that I was unable to extricate myself—I did not see Smart then—when I rescued myself a little from her hold she gave me a violent blow in my face, which sent me right across the bridge with great force, and knocked me down—I was stunned for a few minutes, and immediately afterwards Smart made his appearance, raised me up, wiped my face, and accused me of taking improper liberties—I was unable at the time to make any defence—I know nothing more till the officer came up—I told him I had lost my watch, which I had safe in my pocket three minutes before I went on to the bridge.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Where had you been to? A. I had been spending an hour or two with Mr. Day, a publican, and a few friends, in Cross-street, Blackfriars-road—I went at about a quarter-past nine o'clock—we did not have anything to drink till half-past ten—I accompanied some of my relations part of the way home, and left them to come over Hungerford-bridge—I had nothing at all to drink before I went to Mr. Day's—I left home at half-past eight—I remained at the station all that night—I was bleeding from my face, and they did not think it safe to let me go, as I lived at such a distance—they would not let me go without bail—there was no charge made against me that I am aware of—I was not charged with being drunk—I did not hear it—I was not doing anything with Flood while she was pressing me against the wall—we were standing face to face, I against the wall, and she facing me—she came in a direction towards me, meeting me—I saw no other woman—I was sent against the wall when she knocked me down—she ran away immediately—she struck me directly I liberated myself.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTIHE. Q. What were the words Smart

used? A. He raised me up a little, and said, "You have been taking some improper liberties"—he did not ask me whether I had been taking improper liberties; he might have said "I suppose you have."





CHARLES BOTTOM
. I am a waiter, and live in Granby-place, Lower Marsh, Lambeth—I was passing over Hungerford-bridge on this morning, at twenty minutes to one o'clock, and saw Bates, with his back against the side of the bridge, and Flood close to him, apparently pressing him—I was about eight yards from them—I was going towards the Surrey-side, and had not arrived at where they were—I thought them not in a proper position, and crossed to the other side, meaning to pass them unnoticed—when I had passed them about three yards, I heard a sort of blow; I instantly turned round, and saw Bates in the act of falling—at the same time, I saw a man, who I had not seen before, come from the recess on the left—he was in the act of rising when I first saw him—the woman rushed past me to make her escape to the Surrey-side—I called out" Police" and "Murder" till I saw the toll-man come out of his box, and saw the shine of a policeman's hat in the centre of the bridge—the woman was taken on the bridge—I had lost sight of her for more than a moment when I turned my head—I did not see her face when I first saw her with the man—when I advanced, I kept her in sight, constantly crying out "Police" and "Murder," and she was stopped—about eight yards before she got to the gate, I saw her hand in a raised position—I accompanied the policeman to where Bates was—Smart was there then, apparently supporting him—I swear positively he is the same man I saw rise from the recess—I accused Flood of knocking Bates down, and said, "That is the man that came from the corner," putting my hand on Smart—he instantly began to bounce me about with a sort of domineer or threat, and said, "No; you must be mistaken"—I said, "I am positive you are the man;" but from his continuing to bully me, I began to be fearful I might be mistaken—the woman immediately said, "Do you mean to say I am the woman who knocked the man down"—I said, "Yes; I swear it," and clapped my hand on her shoulder—she immediately gave me a desperate blow in the eye, which nearly sent me over—I continued to call out "Murder" and "Police"—I rushed down to the toll-house, and begged the toll-man to spring his rattle—a policeman was there at the time, and had charge of Flood—I met two people, and begged them to go to the policeman's assistance—the prosecutor was then bleeding; but I was in too excited a state to think about him—next morning he appeared in a dreadful state—I never saw a man so dreadfully beaten about—his eyebrow was cut; and there was a hole or cut in the forehead, and one under the eye, which, I think, must have been done with some instrument—I pointed out to Bradley, the policeman, the place where Flood raised her arm—I should say that is nearly a hundred yards from where I first saw Bates and Flood.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was there not a gentleman at the station-house, who you pointed out as the person that came from the recess? A. No; I am positive of that—there was a man there—I said to the policeman, "Take notice of that man, for he very much resembles a person who attacked me at the toll-house"—I was not referring to the man who was with Flood—he was a tall thinfaced man; he promised to attend, but he did not.





JAMES BRADLEY
 (policeman, L 42). I was on duty in Belvedere-road—heard a cry of "Police"—I went on to the bridge, and saw Flood run down—when she got about fifty yards from where I found the prosecutor, she slackened her pace, and came on—I stopped her when she had come about six yards farther, and took her back to where I found the prosecutor—he had two

coats on—I unbuttoned them, and perceived the chain of a watch hanging; the watch was gone—Bottom pointed out Smart, and said, "That is the man that rushed from there," pointing to the recess, "I am sure it was you"—he said, "How dare you say so," and Bottom then said, "Well, I don't think it was"—I then took the prosecutor and Flood to the station—I said, "Mr. Smart, it is just the turn you are likely to be guilty of"—(I knew him by name)—it is better for you at any rate to come down to the station—he came about halfway, and then I was told he went off—I saw no more of him—I have been looking for him ever since—I searched the bridge, and the wharf adjoining, which is in the direction which Flood came, and on the wharf I found this watch (produced)—it was going, the face was open; it was two hours afterwards.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALPB. Q. How far was it from where you found the prosecutor? A. Fifty yards—the prosecutor's guard had the appearance of having been broken.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was there a tall person at the station? A. There was—Bottom pointed him out as the person who interfered with him at the toll-bar—I did not hear Smart say, "Good night," before he went away—I looked back for him, and could not see him.





JAMES JENNINGS
 (policeman, A 316). I know Flood and Smart—I aaw them both at half-past twelve o'clock on 16th Jan. come down the right side of Hungerford-market, towards the bridge—they were talking to one another—when they got within ten yards of the toll-gate, I saw Smart leave Flood and go in advance till he got twelve or fourteen yards on to the bridge—he then made a stop till Flood came up, and they both went on together.





JAMES STUBBINS
. I am toll-collector on the Middlesex-side of Hunger-ford-bridge. On this evening, about half-past twelve o'clock, as near as possible, I saw Smart come up, he paid and passed through, and immediately after Flood came, paid, and passed through—Jennings was standing opposite to me, and when Smart passed through I pointed to him, knowing him—no one passed through beside them for a minute or two before, or after.





JESSE CANNON
 (policeman, L 69). I was on duty on Hungerford-bridge, and saw both prisoners about three yards apart, almost on the Surrey-side of the bridge—they were seven or eight yards from the recess—I knew them, and had seen them together before.





GEORGE QUINNEAR
 (policeman, P 201). In consequence of information I took Smart into custody, on 29th Jan., I was on the lookout for him—I said, "Smart I want you on a charge of being concerned with Mary Ann Flood, now in custody, for assaulting and robbing a man on Hungerford Suspension-bridge on the morning of 16th"—he said, "I should like to know who it was that put you on to me"—he said he supposed it was Sergeant Goff—I said it was from information I had received—he said, "So help me God Almighty, I know nothing of it."





EDWARD BATES

re-examined. This is my watch, and the one that was taken from me that night

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Was the chain broken? A, I do not know whether it was cut or broken.

FLOOD—


GUILTY
 Aged 19

SMART—


GUILTY
 Aged 20





Transported for Ten Years.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

