




609. 




JOHN HAWKINS
 and 




ALFRED HERRING
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 chaise-harness, value 2l., and 1 cloak, value 12s.; the goods of 



William Woodthorpe Williams: 2 coats, value 2l., and 1 scarf, value 8s. 6d.; the goods of 



James Richard England: and 1 coat, value 12s., the goods of 



Richard Scrivener; and that they had both been before convicted of felony.






JAMES RICHARD ENGLAND
. I live at Hackney-road—on the 8th of Jan., about four o'clock in the afternoon, I left my master's stable—his name is William Woodthorpe Williams—I fastened the door, and left everything safe in the stable, I went again about seven o'clock in the evening, and found the small door open, and the bolt nearly forced off one of the gates—I missed a cloak, the harness, a horse-cloth, two coats of mine, and one of the boy's, and a scarf in the pocket of one of the coats—I have not seen either of the coats again—I have seen part of the harness, none of the other things—this is it—(produced)—it was lost at the same time—I know it, it is that which was in the stable—I have not seen the collar or the scarf—one coat belongs to Richard Scrivener—the cloak belongs to my master—I have not seen it again—Claremont-cottage is about twenty minutes' walk from my master's.

Hawkins. Q. How can you swear to the things? A. I have cleaned them some hundreds of times—I can swear to it by the way it is marked, and the cross is worn—I have continually used it every day.





WILLIAM WHITE SNELGROVE
. I am ten years old, and live at Claremont-cottages with my father. About four o'clock on Thursday afternoon I was playing about Claremont-cottage, and saw the prisoners go into Mr. Neale's, in Claremont-cottages—Herring was carrying a bundle—they both went into Mr. Neale's house together.





HENRY KING
. I live at No. 19, Tokenhouse-yard. I know both the prisoners—on Friday, the 9th of Jan., about eleven in the forenoon, I was passing the Police-court, Worship-street, and saw the prisoner Hawkins taken into the court—I stopped by the court, and then went away—about half an hour afterwards I met Herring and told him I saw Hawkins taken into the Police-court, and asked him what he had done, and when he was taken—he said, "Last night, on suspicion of stealing harness"—he said nothing about coats—he said they took the harness in a donkey-cart, and they were to have 17s. for it, and they had sold it for 17s. in a public-house in the lane—I suppose they meant Petticoat-lane, that they were to have 17s. for it, and they took it in the public-house, and when they got there the bundle was missing, and they went back fetched the bundle, and when they got in the lane they saw two bobbies, and they went in to have some beer, and the bobbies came in and hauled them—Herring

said he had stepped back hecause he had another coat underneath his own coat.





WILLIAM DAY DAVIS
 (policeman.) On the 8th of Jan. I met the prisoner Hawkins in Petticoat-lane—he had this bundle underneath his arm—I followed him into a public-house in Petticoat-lane—I saw a person resembling Herring walking about ten feet behind him—he had nothing that I could sec—Hawkins had nothing besides the bundle—I went into the public-house and asked what he had got there—ho said, "Some harness"—I asked if it was his—he said, "Yes"—I asked how long he had had it—he said, "I bought it to-day at Highgate"—I said, "What did you give for it?"—he said, 4s.—I followed him out of the public-house and asked him where he lived—he told me in Union-street—I put other questions to him—he could not answer them, and I took him into custody.

Hawkins. Q. You say you saw me and Herring in company? Witness. Herring was ten feet behind him—I did not think at the time they were connected.





GEORGE KEMP
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Herring's former conviction from this Court—(read confined six months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person—he has been convicted twice since then.





WILLIAM EDWARD BALL
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Hawkins's former conviction—(read confined three months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

HAWKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

HERRING—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.

