



1008. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of February, 1 bag, value 2d.; and 5 shillings; the property of 



Sarah Henderson, from her person.






SARAH HENDERSON
. I am single. On the 17th of February, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Long-lane, Smithfield—I went into a pastrycook's-shop—the prisoner was looking in at the window—I observed him—he is the same person—I had a small canvass bag in my pocket which contained 5s. in silver and four duplicates, one for a veil and four handkerchiefs, another for a shawl, another for a dress, and the other for a gown—I have seen the duplicates since, and I know them to be my property—when I came out, the prisoner spoke to me and asked me to have something to drink—I refused it—he was quite a stranger to me—I walked on—he walked on with me, on my right-hand side—we walked about twenty yards—he ran away suddenly, and went towards Smithfield—immediately on his running I felt my right-hand pocket, where my money had been—I am sure it had been there—I put it in before I came out of the shop—I missed my bag—the prisoner walked a little way, and then ran—I ran, but could not see him—I did not see him again till very lately.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Did you say you never saw

him before? A. No—the person who keeps the shop is not here—I went to buy a tart, and when I came out the prisoner was there—I did not go with the prisoner into a public-house—I do not know the White Horse, Fetter-lane—I walked towards Barbican—I know Fetter-lane—I lived, when I was examined, in Golden-lane—my landlady left, and I went with her—when I was before the Magistrate, on the 16th of March, I lived in Reform-place, Whitecross-street—I left about a fortnight ago—I live now at No. 5, Egleton-place, Bunhill-row—I went with my landlady there—they did not give me notice to quit—it is a correct place—I know West-street is somewhere in Holborn—I cannot say where—I think, near Holborn-hill—I think, on the right side—you turn to the right, and then you turn to the left—I do not know No. 2, West-street—I never was there—I am a dress-maker, and carry on business in Egleton-place—I was in service before, in Conduit-street, Regent street—the place did not suit me—I never lived in Maddox-street—there was no captain lived there—I lived with Mrs. Nichols in Conduit-street—I was not turned away, I gave a month's warning—there were no lodgers there, only Mrs. Nichols and her daughter—I never told any one I went away with a captain—I did not do so—I did not go into service again, because I did not like it—I have no parents or friends—I am now twenty years old, and have been out to service since I was fourteen—I had been to service before I went to Mrs. Nichols's—I have always got my living by being in service, never in any other way.





EMMA STEEL
. My husband is a bricklayer, in Aldersgate-street. I knew the prisoner in Bedfordshire, in early life—a month ago yesterday, he brought me a duplicate for a dress, and asked me to buy it—I bought it, and gave him 1s. for it—the next morning I redeemed it—I afterwards produced the gown—I afterwards purchased three more duplicates of him for 2s., one of a gown, pawned in Whitecross-street; another of a gown, and the other of a black veil, three pocket-handkerchiefs, and a neck-handkerchief—the next morning I went and had them all renewed, and put in my own Dame—the prisoner told me he got them from a young woman that he had been keeping company with—he said he had got some paint cleaning in the country, and wanted the money to go down—the last three duplicates were contained in a small canvass bag—the officer went to my house, and found the bag in the drawer where I told him he would find it—I went to look at the articles the next morning, and paid the interest, and got them put in my own name.

Cross-examined. Q. You were taken up? A. Yes, three weeks ago last Friday, and was kept till the Saturday morning—the prisoner was not lodging in my house—they said they must keep me till they found him—I gave information where he might be found.





HENRY LIVERMORE
. I am assistant to Mr. Cottrell, a pawnbroker, in Oxford-street, and produce the duplicate of the veil and four handkerchiefs—they were pledged by a female in January last.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the name on them? A. "Ann Maund" on the original one, and "Mary Steel" who had them put in her own name.





JAMES FRANCIS THOMPSON
. I am a pawnbroker in East-street, Marylebone. I have a duplicate of a shawl pledged on the 1st of August in the name of Ann Maund, and renewed on the 10th of March, in the name of Ann Steel.






JAMES TELFER
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Whitecross-street I have a ticket of a gown pledged for 2s., in the name of Henderson, given me by Steel—I discovered it had been redeemed by affidavit, by Sarah Henderson—on applying to her I found she had been robbed of her duplicates and money.





WILLIAM ROGERS
 (police-constable G 46.) I produce a canvass-bag which I found at Mrs. Steel's residence—she was taken up, and pointed out where I could find it—this is the gown which she redeemed.





JOHN KIRSHAW
 (police-constable G 123.) I took the prisoner into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he could clear himself? A. Yes,
(Property produced and sworn to.)

MR. CHAMBERS
called






THOMAS WISBY
. My father keeps a beer-shop in Little Peter-street, Westminster. I have known the prisoner about nine months—between eight and nine o'clock on an evening in February, I was drinking with him at the White Horse, Fetter-lane, between eight and nine o'clock—he went away—I and he are members of a club there, called the Porter's club—he came again after eleven, with the prosecutrix, and had something to drink—I have always beard a good character of him—the prosecutrix is the person who came with him.

COURT. Q. How did you become acquainted with the prisoner? A. He succeeded me at my last situation, at Brett's, in Little Furnivals-inn—I think this was on a Friday—I did not attend before the Magistrate, and tell this—I first heard he was in some trouble on the Saturday—I heard it from the cook, who was living there—she knew it by going to the hospital—I had never seen the prosecutrix before—I did not speak to her—I did not serve her with beer—they were there about five minutes—I was standing at the bar, drinking, when she came at eleven o'clock—the cook is not here.

Q. Upon your oath, is the prosecutrix the young woman? A. To the best of my recollection she is—I cannot swear positively that I ever saw her in his company.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What is your belief? A. My belief is that she is the person.





CECILIA GROVES
. I was servant at a brothel, No. 2, West-street. I recollect the prisoner coming with the prosecutrix, and asking me for a bed, in the month of February—I cannot say what day—I think a Friday—I let them have a bed—I cannot say how long they staid—I received 1s. or 1s. 6d.

COURT. Q. How long did you live in this house? A. Not above a month—I do not know how many hundred couples I see in that month—I do not recollect every body that comes to the house—the reason I took so much notice of the prosecutrix, was, because she looked so much like a servant girl—she was not the only servant-girl I ever saw there—I do not know whether they staid all night—there was a young man came to me to know who was servant there six weeks ago—I said I was—I pointed out the prosecutrix in the Court, down stairs—I am sure of that—I will swear that she is the young woman.





SARAH HENDERSON

re-examined. I was robbed on a Wednesday. (—Brough, of the Ram Inn, Smithfield; Mary Cooper, of Black

Horse-court, Horse-course, Aldersgate-street; and William Jervis, upholsterer, in Old Kent-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.
