



833. 




JOSEPH PAYNE
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




William Thomas Webb, on the 
10th of January, at 
St. George the Martyr, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 watches, value 2l.; 2 watch-guards, value 1s.; 10 spoons, value 10s.; 1 scent-box, value 1s.; 1 thimble, value 1s.; 1 pair of earrings, value 2s. 6d.; 5 necklaces, value 1s. 6d.; 1 brooch, value 1s.; 1 purse, value 1s.; 4 half-crowns, 7 shillings, 4 sixpences, 2 groats, 4 pence, 5 halfpence, and 1 farthing; his property.






MARY ELIZABETH WEBB
. I am the wife of William Thomas Webb, a wire-drawer, at No. 64, Kent-street, in the parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark—he keeps the house—I keep a shop in the general line. On the 10th of January, about ten minutes or a quarter after eight o'clock, I went out with my husband—I locked up every thing safe—we fastened the shop-door, and then the street-door, after us—the windows were all

closed—we returned in an hour and a quarter, and found several people about the house, and a policeman in the shop—I found the door of the shop wrenched from the hinges, and missed from a room adjoining the shop, from a drawer which I had locked, and which was broken open, two silver watches, six silver tea-spoons, three coral necklaces, a silver scent-box, a silver thimble, a brooch, a pair of gold-wire earrings, and several trifling articles—I cannot say how much money I missed, but I suppose from 20s. to 25s. from the same drawer, consisting of two half-crowns, sixpences, shillings, a few pence, and a sixpence with a hole in it—I had locked the drawer, and had the key in my pocket when I went out—the prisoner was then in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Where does your landlord live? A. Four doors off from us—we rent the whole premises—I am certain I locked the door—there are lodgers in the house, but they get in at the street-door—it is a spring-lock, which fastens when you that it—the lodgers were in the house at the time—the shop-door was wrenched—I missed nothing from the shop—the prisoner had been in the house before this—I am certain of him.





THOMAS HAWKINS
. I live at No. 35, Castle-street, near the prosecutor's. On the night of the 10th of January, about twenty minutes to nine o'clock, I had occasion to go up the passage in which their shop-door it, to speak to a shopman of mine—I was talking to him for about a quarter of an hour, and as I came down a ladder from him, I saw a light in Webb's back-parlour, which communicates with the shop—I looked in, and saw two men in the back-parlour—I had no suspicion, but when I came up the passage I saw the door of the house open—I caught hold of the shop-door, and called out three times for Mr. Webb—nobody answered—one man came to me out of the shop, from towards the parlour, and asked me for some name—I said, "I do not know such a name"—he ran away as hard as he could—I then had suspicion, and closed the door, pursued him a short distance, and, just as I returned back, I saw another man come out of the same door—I turned my head and saw Marshall, a policeman, and pointed out to him the man who I had seen come out of the door—I am sure I pointed out the same man as I had seen come out of the door.

Cross-examined. Q. How did you get into the house? A. I went in at the street-door, which was a-jar—I am in the habit of going to the house three or four times a day, and generally found the door a-jar, but the shop was shut up at this time—my shopman lodges in the back premises.





EDWARD MARSHALL
. I am a policeman. Hawkins pointed out a person in the street to me—I pursued him, and did not lose sight of him—I secured him—It was the prisoner—I had received instructions about the prisoner at an earlier period of the evening, and was on the watch—I took him inside the shop, searched him, and found an iron crow-bar in his coat pocket—we handcuffed him, and took him to the station, and there found a screw-driver in his pocket—a skeleton key dropped from his person when we were putting the handcuffs on him in the shop—the sergeant took it up—-the door of the shop in the passage was forced off the hinges, which this instrument would enable a person to do—there were marks of one like it on the door—it appeared to have forced the door—the street door was a-jar—it must have been opened with a key—there was no marks of violence there—I found all this property on him at the station.






THOMAS WATKINS
. I am a police-sergeant. I have known the prisoner some years—about twenty minutes or half-past eight o'clock I saw him near Webb's house with another man, and from what I observed, I desired Marshall to keep a look out—I came into the shop after he was taken—I saw a skeleton key fall from him, and took it up—after going to the station, I returned, and tried the key to the drawers—it locked it and opened it—the crow-bar would enable a person to get the shop door open.

Cross-examined. Q. You mean the shop door was broken open? A. Yes—I only found one key on the prisoner.

MRS. WEBB
re-examined. Here are six silver spoons, two salt spoons, and all the property I lost is here—it is mine.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.
