





36. 




CHARLES MITCHEL,



 JOHN GROGAN
, and 




JAMES BURKE
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Thomas Clark, about twelve in the night of the 
28th of Oct., at 
81, Marylebone, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 1l.; 4 spoons, 1l. 6s.; the top of a pepper castor, 1s. 6d.; 1 glazier's diamond, 9s. 6d.; 1 accordion, 1s.; 3 pounds of cheese, 2s.; 1 hat, 1s.; 2 goats, 30 pence, 70 half pence, 8 farthings, 1 piece of foreign copper coin called a five centeim, 1 half penny; and 1 piece of brass, 1d.; his property; and that Grogan had been before convicted of felony.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






SOLOMAN HANANT
. I am a police sergeant of the D division. On Wednesday morning, the 29th of Oct., I saw the prisoners in a coffee shop

in Great James-Street, Lisson-grove, about three in the morning—I had a charge of assault against two of them—I found them all three in company with five females—I called Mitchell out of the room, and said to him, How came you to knock that man about in Steven-street?"—He said "I have not been in Steven-street to night"—I said, "Oh yes you have; you must go with me to the station, both you and Burke"—he said, "Well, I will go with you; let me drink my coffee first"—I said, "Yes"—he took his coffee up in his left hand, and with his right he took out a handful of half pence from his pocket, and handed them over to Grogan—I saw them in his hand—I said, "What are you doing? I shall not allow you to pass anything in that way"—Mitchell said, "He (meaning Grogan) must pay for the coffee"—I did not see the coins sufficient to identify any of them—I took Mitchell, and another officer took Burke—I saw Grogan take eight penny pieces from the rest of the copper Mitchell had given him, and hand them to the coffee-shop keeper for the coffee—we took the prisoners to the station-house—I searched Mitchell, and found on him a 4d. piece, two pence, eight half pence, and a farthing; some lucifer matches, two keys, a knife, tobacco box, and book—the prisoners were placed in the dock at the station-house—I left them there about a quarter of an hour—when I came back I found them in the same place—Mitchell's arm was leaning on the bar close to a cupboard—I heard of Mr. Clark's robbery next morning—I went there about half-past seven and found in the back parlour several things upset, and the window of the room open—there was a trace of footsteps over a wall on some leads to the back of No. 3, Salisbury-street, Devonshire-place, which is about eighty yards from Steven-street—Devonshire-place turns round on the right in Salisbury-street—between Nos. 2 and No. 3—it is like a paved court—I traced the footmarks over the wall—we could trace somebody having got out of Devonshire-place to the back of 3, Salisbury-street—Stafford-street it twenty or thirty yards further from Salisbury-street than Steven-street—I went to the coffee-house again, and saw the landlord, to whom I had seen the money paid—he gave me this coin—I went to Grogan's house, and apprehended him—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing about it—I took him to the station, and found on him sixteen halfpence, one penny piece, two farthings, and a French coin, and in his jacket pocket a small portion of cheese, which I produce, and some lucifer matches.

Burke. I was not in the dock at all; I stood outside. Witness. They were in the dock—I left them standing there, and they were there when I returned.





JOHN GRANTHAM
 (police-constable D 38.) I accompanied Hannant to the coffee-shop—I took Burke to the station-house, and placed him in the dock there—we left to fetch a witness, and when we came back Burke was out on the coal-box—I found on Burke twelve half pence, one penny piece, and two lucifer matches, a key, two farthings, and a pencil—this was before I went for the witness—at half-past ten o'clock that night I had seen Mitchell and Grogan in Steven-street, with four other men and women, and at half-past eleven o'clock I saw Mitchell and Burke together in Stafford-street—I saw them all three together in Steven-street a little after two o'clock—they were eighty or ninety yards from Clark's house.





ROBERT SEARLE
. I keep the coffee-shop, 30, Great James-street, Lisson-grove—I saw the prisoners at my house on the morning in question—they had some coffee—I recollect the policeman coming in—I received 8d. from Grogan—Hannant afterwards came to me, and I gave him a penny piece, which I knew to be the penny piece Grogan had given me, because there was no other money in the till—I received it about three o'clock in the morning,

and gave it to him about half—past seven—there was no penny piece—in the till but what I took from him—I am quite certain I received it from Grogan—nobody received money but me—I was the only person up.

Grogan. Q. Did not you say at the office you were not certain which of us gave you the money? A. I said I had not seen you before, and did not know which paid me, but when I saw you again I recognized you, as you were sitting on the opposite side—I did not, the first time, know who paid me, but at the second examination I recognized you—the policeman did not say anything to me—I did not know either of your names.

Burke. He was asked if he could identify any of us, and he said not; he said, "One of them paid me, I don't know which;" we were not in there above three minutes.





HARRIET FIELDER
. I am house-keeper to Mr. Thomas Clark, of No. 5, Salisbury-street, Lisson—grove, in the parish of St. Mary—le—bone—he does not live in the house—I went to bed on Tuesday evening at half—part ten o'clock—it was my place to see all the doors fast—I saw all the doors and windows fast—when I got up the next morning I found the house had been entered by the back parlour window—I missed three tea—spoons, one dessert-spoon, a pair of sugar—tongs, and the top of a pepper—castor—they were all in the cupboard, which was locked—I missed an accordion, a glazier's diamond, and a hat—they were in the parlour—I went into the shop and found all the tills were emptied—I had seen them the last thing the evening before—I emptied the two silver tills, and put two four penny pieces back into the till again, and this brass penny piece was lying on the top—I had seen it at ten o'clock safe—my attention had been called to it many times—I had offered it and it had been returned to me—the penny piece produced is the same—I left in the tills between 6s. and 1s. in copper money—that wan in the three tills—I do not know how much there was in each—it was in pence and halfpence, and seven or eight farthings—I had seen a French halfpenny, but could not swear to it—I had seen a French halfpenny in the till two or three days before, and this resembles it—this is the top of the pepper—castor—I know it well—I had seen it safe and used it the same evening.

Burke. She says she saw the place all secure, and at the office he said the back window did not fasten at all.

Witness. The back window slides back and is fastened by a little catch—that catch was not broken—it must have been opened with a knife—it could be opened with a knife without breaking it.





HENRY THOROGOOD
. I am shopman to Mr. Clark. I left the house about a quarter after ten o'clock on Tuesday night—I saw the front was all secure—I took the silver out of the butter side till, and left a few coppers in it—I know these two coins perfectly well—the brass penny—piece I saw after the doors were closed, when I took the silver out—I believe this French coin to be one which a boy brought to me about six o'clock on the evening of the robbery—he said I bad given it him in the morning—I did not recollect having it, I gave him another for it, and put it into the till—it was exactly like this—when I came next morning all the three tills were turned bottom upwards on the counter—I missed one piece of cheese"—I had cut a piece weighing three or four pounds into pieces, and when I shut up the shop I placed it together, and next morning I missed one piece—I examined this piece at the office, and felt quite satisfied it was from the same cheese—it may be from other parts of the same cheese, which have been sold—we had very probably sold some of that cheese in the course of the day.

Grogan. Q. That is not the piece of cheese that was taken from me; it

was not half that size; can you swear that is the same piece you saw first at the office? A. I cannot swear that—it is about the size, and it had the rind to it, which I matched to the other—the copper coin is exactly the same description as I had.





MARY ANN PORTER
. I am the wife of James Porter, a policeman; I am employed at the station in Harcourt-street. I did not see the prisoners there—I was there on Thursday morning, the 30th of Oct., and in sweeping the dock I found this top of a pepper-castor, close by a cupboard.

Grogan. We were in the dock on the Wednesday morning; it is very strange it was not found till Thursday, if we put it there. Witness. I do not clean the station thoroughly every day—I did clean it thoroughly on the Thursday—I do not know whether there had been other prisoners in the dock between the time of the prisoners being there and my finding this.





SOLOMON HANNANT

re-examined. I searched Burke—I found on him this penny-piece, among some dirt, in his trowsers' pocket—I searched all the three prisoners, and Grantham also searched Burke, when he was taken for the assault.

Mitchell's Defence. I was not in Steven-street at the time mentioned, neither was I guilty of the assault upon the man.

Grogaris Defence. I certainly was in the street; I live in the street; I was standing at my own door, drinking some beer, when the man that was taken for the assault came up and said he would fight any man in the street; I gave him a drink of beer, and said no one wanted to fight; with that he hit one of the females; Burke asked what he did that for, and he up with his hand and cut his lip; we then went to the coffee-shop, and the policeman came and took the other two; I followed them to the station, then went home, and went to bed; the sergeant came and said he wanted me for being concerned in this robbery; I said I knew nothing about it; he searched my place, but found nothing; the French halfpenny is my own; I have had it in my possession since last summer.

Burke's Defence. I was in Steven-street; the first time I saw Mitchell was at quarter-past three o'clock; I did not see him again till a quarter to two; I had been to the play, and was just coming out of George-street; I fetched a pot of beer; the man came by drunk; neither of us were much better; we asked him to drink, which he did; a young female said, "You had better stand a pot;" he gave her a smack in the face, and said, "I will fight ever a b----one of you;" I said, "Can you fight?" he said, "Yes;" we had several rounds; he fell, and I fell; I left him there; we went to the coffee-shop; we had not been there three minutes before the policeman called Mitchell out, and charged him and me with ill-using the man; I was searched at the station—about eight in the morning Mitchell was called out and searched, and a four penny-piece found on him; I was searched in the morning, and among some tobacco-dust was a four penny-piece; we were locked up again; down at the office I saw the sergeant with something in a hand-kerchief; I said to Grogan, "What is that?" the sergeant said, "You are charged with breaking into Mr. Clark's house;" and it was some cheese he had in the bundle; they would not take the evidence of the females, because they were prostitutes.





JOHN TURNER
. I produce a certificate of Grogan's former conviction—(read—Convicted of housebreaking, and confined six weeks)—I was present at the trial, and know him to be the man.

MITCHELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

GROGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

BURKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.






Transported for Ten Years.

