



2344. 




ANN KEAN



, stealing 1 watch, and 1 watch-chain, value 18l.; the goods of 



William Henry Wayne, in the dwelling-house of 



Edward Low.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.





REV. WILLIAM HENRY WAYNE
. I am a clergyman, and live in Shropshire. In July I and my daughters were living at Mr. Low's, Surrey-street, Strand, for about four days—we left on the 19th—the prisoner was servant there—I have every reason to believe I had a watch in my portmanteau—I did not see it while in the house—I missed it when I got back to the country, and directly wrote to Mr. Low—this is it (produced)—I have no doubt this piece of chain is mine, but cannot swear to it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Who managed the house? A. I

should say Mrs. Low—I saw no servant but the prisoner—the watch was in a case in the trunk, which was unlocked—there was another chain on it—this one is not gold—the case was left.





HENRY ROGERS
 (policeman, F 75). On 23rd July, Mr. Low spoke to me in the prisoner's presence about this watch—she said she heard a gentleman, who lived in the house, tiptoeing about the stairs, as if not wishing to be heard—she mentioned a name, but I do not know what—I made inquiries, but found no grounds for suspecting him—on 12th Oct. I was called to take the prisoner—she gave her address, 1, Dean-street, Fetter-lane—I found she lived at 12, Neville's-court, Fetter-lane, in the back parlour; and there I found, in this work-box, this gold watch and guard and other things.

Cross-examined. Q. Who searched the box? A. I did; Mrs. Low sat by it—she did not touch the things, she only took out half-a-crown and 1s.; but I took the watch out before that—the landlady pointed the box out—I took the key from my pocket, and opened it—Mrs. Low had not touched it.





WILLIAM BARRETT
. I am a watchmaker, and knew the prisoner living in Fetter-lane. On 23rd Sept. she brought me this watch to have a glass put in—she said it belonged to her brother, a cheesemonger at Gainsborough, or Glastonbury, and she had had it many years—I made this mark on it.





MARIA WATKINS
. I am a servant out of place—I have known the prisoner six or seven months. On 20th July the prisoner came to me and showed me a gold watch, very much like this, with the glass broken—she said it was hers; she had been to get it out of pledge for 8l.—I asked how she got 8l. in so short a time in her situation—she said, a gentleman bad been very kind to her—she was going to back some plate, and asked me to go with her—I asked how she came by the watch—she said the father of her child gave it her; she had had it for years—she asked me if the chain was gold—I said I did not know—she said, "I know it is not, for I have been to a jeweller's shop and found it was not"—she said she should throw it away—I said, "Give it to me"—she gave it to me—I went with her to a pawnbroker's, but waited outside-six or seven weeks ago I met her in Holborn, and she had the watch and chain round her neck—it had a new glass—I think this is it—I asked her if her mistress allowed her to wear a gold watch in the house—she said yes, the better she dressed the better she liked it; and to tell roe the truth a gentleman gave it her who frequently came into her bed-room at night, and she made a noise one night, and he said, "For God's sake be quiet," and hang it round her neck, and made her a present of it—she sent for me to the House of Detention, and asked me to be her chief witness—I said, "What for? I know nothing of the watch"—she said, "Yes you do; I want you to say that when you brought the body of Mrs. Low's dress home, that Mrs. Low brought the watch in a piece of paper, and asked you to get a new glass put into it"—I said, "Certainly not"—she said, "Oh, do! I would do as much for you if you were in trouble"—I never had a minute's conversation with Mrs. Low about the watch—I gave Mrs. Low this chain at Bow-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever been in trouble? A. No—I never saw prisoner with a watch before July—we were on very good terms—she has a child, seven or eight years old.





MARY LOW
. I am the wife of Edward Low, who keeps a boarding-house in Surrey-street—the prisoner was in my service last July, when Mr. Wayne was there—he left on 19th July-next day the prisoner asked to go out—I gave her leave, and she went for several hours-several days after, I received a communication from Mr. Wayne about the loss of a watch—a policeman was sent for, and the prisoner was asked if she had seen it while the gentleman was there—she denied all knowledge of it, and said one day a gentleman

who lived there came down slowly to Captain Evans's bed-room, and she suspected he came there for some purpose; that she met him at the door—I did not suspect, her—I gave her notice to quit in Sept.—I never saw the watch, or gave it to Martha Watkins—she brought home the body of a dress, but I did not see her.

Cross-examined. Q. Why did she leave? A. She drank, and did not suit me in any way—there was no dispute between us about wages or candles—she had 8l. a year—I had no other servant.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 32.—Recommended to mercy.
—



Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
