



441. 




THOMAS HENVILLE
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Pye, on the 
26th Dec., at 
St. George, Bloomsbury, and stealing therein 7 dead ducks, value 5s., and 13 dead fowls, 9s.; his property: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY PYE
. I live at No. 30, Marchmont-place, Little Coram-street. I pay 13l. a year rent, and no rates—I dwell in the house, and let a vault underneath it—on Friday evening, the 26th of Dec., I saw that the house and shop were all safe—I had thirteen dead fowls and seven dead ducks in my shop—I then went out with the prisoner's father, leaving nobody in the house—I gave the key of it to my boy to take to his mother where she works—it was between six and seven o'clock—I went with the prisoner's father to the Tavistock Arms—we had something to drink, and then he left me—I returned to my shop about half-past nine or ten o'clock—I found the door open—I am quite sure it was shut before, and double-locked—I went in and missed seven ducks and fifteen fowls, which were there safe when I went out, and I had covered them with a cloth—I did not observe that any harm had been done to the door—I had given 9d. a piece for the fowls, and 8d. a piece for the ducks—on Monday, the 28th Dec., about ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to my house, he said he understood we wanted to take his father up on suspicion—I told him to go away, I had my suspicions that they were a bad lot altogether—he would not go—Mrs. Corfield came up while he was abusing me, and said, "That is the person that took your goods"—I said, "Now, you be particular what you say; will you swear it?"—"Yes," she said, "before any magistrate"—I followed the prisoner and gave him in charge—I have only one key to my door, and that I gave to my boy to take to his mother.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Of course you made it known directly that you had lost these fowls? A. Yes—I have always given

the same account of what the prisoner said when he came to me on the Monday—his father was in my company on the afternoon of the 26th Dec., and went with me to the public house—when the prisoner came on the Monday, he asked me what business I had to accuse any of his family of thieving—I had accused his father—I had not the least doubt he was guilty—I said I suspected they were both in it—I had not told his father so, for he would not give me a chance—I had accused the father to other people—when Mrs. Corfield said he was the person, he said she was a liar, and something worse for saying so—the prisoner challenged me to fight—he said he would knock the b----y wind out of me.





ELIZABETH CORFIELD
. I am the wife of Thomas Corfield, we live at No. 7, Marchmont-place, Little Coram-street—Mr. Pye lives at the top of the place, and I at the bottom—I should consider it in Bloomsbury parish, but I do not know—on the night after Christmas day, close upon eight o'clock, I was in Marchmont-place—I had been to Little Coram-street for some thread, and was returning home—I saw the prisoner leaving Mr. Pye's shop with a large basket and poultry in it—the heads of the poultry were hanging outside—I did not say anything to him—I considered he had been sent by Mr. Pye—I knew his person before, but I never knew his name—I saw him again on the Monday, and told what I had seen.

Cross-examined. Q. You had heard of the robbery? A. No, Sir, I knew nothing of it till the Monday—I had not told any one that I saw somebody come out of the prosecutor's house—I had no suspicion—I was coming out of Little Coram-street—the prisoner came out of the door and I passed him, and then saw the shop door open—when I passed him he was between the shop and the top of the place—I had no suspicion.





JAMES PYE
. I am the prosecutor's son, and live with my father—I went out on the evening of the 26th of Dec.—my father and the prisoner's father went out with me—my father locked the door and gave me the key—I put it into my pocket, and went to meet my mother coming from her work—we then went straight home, and found my father at home.





WILLIAM LOCKWOOD
. (police-constable E 43.) I took the prisoner into custody—he did not say anything to me.





EDWARD BARKER
 (police-constable E 124.) The prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury.

MR. HORRY
called






MARY COOPER
. I am single, and go out cleaning. I live in Abbey-place, Little Coram-street. On the evening of Friday, 26th Dec., boxing day, the prisoner was in my company from six o'clock until nine, at the Red Lion, in Little Guildford-street—it is about the distance of this Court from Marchmont-place—he was out of my sight once—about seven o'clock he went out, and came back in five minutes, bringing some bread and cheese.

COURT. Q. How far is that from Little Coram-street? A. About two minutes walk—he was in my company the whole evening in the public-house—we were forced to stand before the bar—there was no place to sit down—the landlord and landlady were there, and two bar people besides—there were three or four people there—we were all drinking and eating—those other persons know the prisoner, but they were all intoxicated—the landlord and landlady were not tipsy—they know the prisoner by going in there—they are not here.





EDWARD BARKER
, re-examined. I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction (read—Convicted 25th Nov., 1844, and confined three



months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person—he has been in custody twice since, and is always with thieves.




GUILTY
of stealing only
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

