




1493. 




JOSEPH OLIVER
 and 




ABRAHAM BUSH
 were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Gray, about the hour of one in the night of the 
3rd of April, at 
Barking, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 100lbs. weight of pork, value 3l. 15s.; 1 ham, value 10s.; 8lbs. weight of mutton, value 5l.; 1 1/2 lb. weight of sausages, value 4d.; 1 coffee-biggin, value 2s.; 2 spoons, value 1s. 2d.; I 1 mustard-pot, value 6d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; and 14lbs. weight of lard, value 7s.; his goods; and 1 pair of boots, value 2s., the goods of 



Maria Cumbers: and that Oliver had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY GRAY
. I occupy the Lodge farm, in the parish of Barking, Essex. On Saturday night, the 3rd of April, I and my family went to bed a little after ten o'clock—my wife locked up the house before we went to bed—on the following morning I called up the servants between five and six—my niece, Maria Cumbers, came up to me, and made a communication to me, in consequence of which I got up, went down stairs, and found the pantry had been broken open, which was secured by iron bars inside, and wire outside the window—the wire was bent right up, and one of the ban was cut away with a chisel, and tied to the next—that would enable a person to get in—I had some pickled pork in the pantry—we missed a great deal, I cannot tell how much, but I am certain as much as fifteen stone—the ham was in the kitchen, and they had to force back two locks before they got at it—the ham had my initials, "H. G." on it—we also missed a leg of mutton, a coffee-biggin, a silver tea-spoon, a metal spoon, a metal mustard-pot, a pair of high shoes, a pair of ladies' boots, and two bladders of lard—I gave information to the police at Dagenham.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who was last up in the house? A. Me and my wife—I am sure none of the servants were up—we always see them to bed—my wife generally takes their candle away.





ESTHER GRAY
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On the night in question was the last person up—I saw all the premises secured—the pantry window was safe, and the pork also—the servants went to bed before me.





REBECCA LAZELL
. I live at Dagenham. I know the prisoners—a short time before I heard of this robbery I had a communication with Oliver's wife, in consequence of which I gave her permission to deposit in my pigsty some straw which she had been speaking of—on Saturday, the 10th of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I had occasion to go to the pig-sty, to get some loose straw, and discovered a tub in the pigsty concealed under a small quantity of straw and reeds—I lifted it up, and underneath it found a bag containing pieces of pickled pork—I had heard of the robbery at that time—I immediately made a communication to Mr. Hastings, and in consequence of what be told me, I went to the police-station at Dagenham, and gave information—sergeant Tebenham and another policeman came back with me, and took charge of what was found in the pig-sty.






SAMUEL TEBENHAM
 (police-sergeant K 86.) On Sunday morning, the 4th of April, I received information from Mr. Gray—I went to his preraises, and found them broken, in the state he has described—I saw foot-steps of two men in the garden, by the pantry, one more distinct than the other—from that time till the 10th of April I received no information about the parties—on the 10th of April, a few minutes before seven o'clock in the morning, Mrs. Lazell came to the station—I went to the pig-sty at her cottage, and, in the sack there, found from eight to ten stone of pickled pork—in the garden of the prisoner Bush's cottage, which is next door to Mrs. Lacell's, I saw a piece of fresh-turned earth—I removed it, with the constable's assistance, and, a few inches under, found a tub containing a quantity of pickled pork—I then went for a wheelbarrow, and Smith continued the search—there were two legs of pork in the sack found in Lasell's pigsty, a bladder of lard, and a pair of shoes, and inside one of the shoes I found metal mustard-pot—I then went with Butfoy to Barking, and apprehended Bush—I took off his shoes at the station, and compared them with a description I had taken of the footmarks in the prosecutor's garden, and they corresponded—I did not compare them with the footmarks themselves, as the time was too far gone, and it had been raining, but with a description which I had taken down in writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Had there been rain from the 3rd of April down to the 10th? A. There had—the 3rd of April was a fine night—there was no rain on Sunday—my memory is pretty good in that respect—Mr. Gray's youngest son was with me when I took the description of the footmarks—it was on Sunday morning—it is his private garden—I believe he has many men in his employ—I have not got the description which I took with me—it is at home.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you afterwards see the ham that was found? A. I did—here it is, and here are three slices of ham which were found at Oliver's, which I have every reason to believe formed part of the ham—I compared them, and they corresponded—I have been a butcher by business.





JOHN KETTLE
. I am a farmer at Dagenham. On the 10th of April I accompanied Tebenham to Oliver's house—I observed, in one corner of his garden, the earth had been fresh turned, and flatted down smooth-searched, and under the earth found a bag, containing some pork, which I produce—here are two legs, and this is the apron in which they were—also found this metal coffee-biggin, with this metal spoon, and this silver spoon in it—I also found in the same garden another cloth, containing this half ham, a leg of mutton, which has become decayed, and been thrown away, and a bladder of lard—I observed some initials on the ham—after I had found these things in the garden, I went into Oliver's house, and in a cupboard there found these three slices of ham, and a piece of pork—I went into the front room, pulled out a table-drawer, and there found this pistol, primed and loaded—I also found this key in a bag by itself—it appears to have been newly filed—the mutton fat was found with the ham.

Cross-examined. Q. Are there many houses about there? A. Yes, a village—some have gardens, and some have none—the gardens are divided by a path which runs down them.

COURT. Q. There is no separation but the path? A. Only such as they make themselves with a few currant trees, or anything—there are three cottages together—the two the prisoners occupy, and Mrs. Lazell lives in the

middle one—they all belong to one estate—there are four allotments of ground, and four inmates to the houses—another person lives under the same roof with Oliver—one has one room, and the other the other—they both enter at the same front door, and one turns to the left, and the other goes straight forward—the four have separate allotments—I know the place where I found these things was Oliver's allotment, because I used to receive the rents of that place for many years, and I built one of the houses—it is seven or eight years since I received the rents—that allotment used to be let with the place that Oliver inhabits—it is his garden—there are five tenants altogether—the other is a baker's shop—he has got a piece of ground by itself.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are the allotments to the cottages behind, the same as they were when you used to receive the rents? A. Just the same.





SAMUEL TEBENHAM

re-examined. The pickled pork I found in the pig-sty was in such a bad state that the Magistrate desired me to throw it away—it was shown to the prosecutor first—that found in Bush's garden was also in a bad state, and was also destroyed by the Magistrate's directions, after the prosecutor had seen it.





ROBERT FROST SMITH
 (police-constable K 277.) I accompanied Tebenbam to Bush's garden—while he went for a wheelbarrow I searched the garden, and found this bladder of lard, and these two legs of pork in a sack—I also found a pair of lace-up boots, and in one of them was this metal mustard-pot—I was afterwards present when Bush's house was searched.





GEORGE KETTLE
. I am a shoemaker. I know this pair of boots—I cut them out, and my men made them for Mr. Gray.





ABIA BUTFOY
 (police-constable K 140.) On Saturday morning, the 10th of April, I took Bush into custody—I took him to the station-house—after doing so I searched his cottage, and found in his trunk in the bed-room a pair of ladies' boots—I was present when John Kettle found the three slices of ham and piece of pork in Oliver's house—I have seen the slices compared with the ham, and should not doubt for a moment but they came off the same piece.





MARIA CUMBERS
. I am niece to Mr. Gray. This pair of woman's boots are mine—I had seen them the night of the robbery—I went up to tell my uncle what had happened, the first thing in the morning.





EDWARD SIDER
. I am in Mr. Gray's employ. This pair of man's boots belong to him—I had cleaned them on the Saturday night for him, and left them in the kitchen.





ESTHER GRAY

re-examined. These two bladders of lard are, to the best of my belief, our property—I put one of them into a stale bladder, and I know it by that—(this was the one found in Oliver's garden)—I know the ham—my husband's initials are on it—I saw these slices compared with it, and to the best of my judgment they came from the ham—I saw all the pork which was found before it was thrown away, and to the best of my knowledge it was ours—there were the same number of joints—here is one of the legs which I can speak to by the knuckle being cut differently to any I ever saw cut—here are four legs altogether, all cut in the same way—this piece of pork is not mine.





HENRY GRAY

re-examined. These high-shoes are mine—I also saw the slices compared with the ham, and believe them to be mine.

MRS. LAZELL
re-examined. Q. Were you present at all when they were searching the prisoner's gardens? A. After I had shown the property which I found, I returned to my own house, and saw no more.






JAMES DOWN
. I live in Essex, and have been constable of Hornchurch I produce a certificate of Oliver's former conviction—I know his person—I was present at his trial at Chelmsford in April, 1833—(read.)

OLIVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Life.

BUSH—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
