




111. 




ELIZA MOODY
 was indicted for

 stealing 2 breastpins, value 1l. 2s., the goods of 



John Gibson; and 




MARY ANN PRENDERGAST



, for feloniously receiving 1 breastpin, part of the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; and that Moody had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN GIBSON
. I live at No. 19, Broad-court, Drury-lane—I sleep in the back room at the top of the house. On the morning of the 29th of Oct. I saw two gold pins of mine on the corner of the drawers in my room, at ten minutes before nine o'clock—I then went to business—I went home in about twenty minutes, and the pins were gone—here is one of them now produced—it is mine, and is one of those that were safe when I went out, and missed when I came back.





THOMAS ALEXANDER AFFLECK
. I live at No. 19, Broad-court. On the 92th of Oct., about nine o'clock in the morning, I was leaving my front

room, to go to business—when I got on the landing I looked into the back room where the prosecutor sleeps, and I saw Moody there—she had nothing to do with the house—I asked her what she wanted, and she said, "Mrs. Kelly, a dressmaker"—(there was no Mrs. Kelly lived in the house)—I asked her who sent her there—she said she came from a Jewess in Claremarket—I said I would see to that, for I believed she was there on a wrong purpose—I went with her part of the way, as far as Wildpassage, and then I thought I had better take her to the station—the thought then came across my mind that the prosecutor's two pins might have been left at the corner of the drawers in his room, where he generally leaves them—I went to the shop to him, and he returned home and missed them.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-constable F 119.) On the morning of the 30th of Oct. I stood in the front part of the office at Bow-street, where the remanded cases come out of the van, and I saw Moody hand something to Prendergast, who was there waiting, before the prisoners came in the van—Moody beckoned Prendergast, and handed something to her, and the moment she handed something to her I laid hold of her hand, and called Pocock, we moved the other prisoners, and this piece of paper, with this pin in it, was dropped on the floor by Prendergast.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 (police-constable F 81.) I was in the lobby of the office that morning—I saw Prendergast struggling with Ashman—I went and took Prendergast by the left arm, and removed her—I picked up this paper and pin close by her feet.

Moody's Defence. I went with the prosecutor on the Sundaynight, I think the 27th of Oct.; I was with him at the Feathers, in Great Wild-street; we then went to a house of accommodation; he had not money enough to pay for the room and for me, and he gave me one of these pins and a sixpence; he was to give me 2s. for the pin the next day; I slept with him; I went to Mrs. Levy, a dressmaker, in Claremarket, and she said, "You must go to Broad-court, for Mrs. Kelly;" I went to the house, and they told me to go up stairs; I went and asked the gentleman for Mrs. Kelly, and said I came from a dressmaker; he took hold of me by the shoulder, and said, "You have come on no good purpose;"I said, "Yes, I have;"we came down stairs; there was another man there, and we went on to Wildpassage; he caught my shawl, and said, "What have you got here?"I said, "What do you suppose I have?"and then he said, "Come back, I will not go with you;" we went back to the door of the house; there was an officer going by, and he gave me in custody; I was taken, and searched, and had no pin about me; I was remanded; there was a young girl there, and I sent her for the pin; when the prosecutor came to the office he shook hit head at me, and I thought I would not tell how it was; I saw this prisoner; I gave her the pin, and said, "Ask him if he will give me the 2s. that he promised me?" and then I was carried on, and that is the whole truth.





JOHN GIBSON

re-examined. Q. You hear what she says; that you had been with her, and gave her the pin till you could give her 2s.? A. I never saw her till she was at Bow-street.

JURY
to
JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN. Q. Was Moody searched at the station? A. Yes, and nothing was found on her—that was on the 29th—she was remanded, and in the morning, when she came from the prison, she was seen to pass this pin to the other prisoner.






JOHN MILES
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Moody's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—"Convicted on the 12th of Dec., 6th Vict., and sentenced to six months' imprisonment")—I was present—the prisoner is the person.

MOODY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years
.

PRENDERGAST—


NOT GUILTY
.
