



2680. 




JAMES BOWEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of Sept., 3/4 lb. weight of cheroots, value 6s.; and 3/4 lb. weight of tobacco, 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Catharine Haywood.






CATHARINE HAYWOOD
. I am a widow, and keep a tobacconist's shop, in York-square, St. Pancras. On the evening of the 4th of Sept., I went out and left my shop door open—my shop had been shut up from nine o'clock—I turned when I got across the street, and saw a shadow—I turned back and saw the prisoner coming from behind my counter—I stepped back into the road till he came to the door—he had his pockets full—I said, "Halloo, what brings you here?"—he said, "I want a farthing pipe"—he went in—I turned and served him; he paid me—I put my hand to the cigar box, and he ran out like the wind—I missed some cigars, and ran after him—a person said, "It is no use your running after him, he is gone"—I said, "Never mind, I know him"—he was taken next day—no cigars have been found, except one, which was dropped in the shop—no one else was in the shop or could have taken it but him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When he ran, did you run? A. No; when I saw the shadow I had not gone more than six or seven yards—no one was in the house but my mother—I am quite sure the prisoner is the man—I could see his face as plain as I can now—he was dressed as he is now—he had a black hat on—I had seen and spoken to him before—I was very much frightened—I am certain he is the man—nobody else could have got into the shop between my going out and his being in—the gas was alight in the shop—the doors were open.





MR. WILLIAM WADHAM COPE
. This is Mr. Rawlinton's hand-writing to this examination—(read)—"The prisoner says I was at the play on Monday night from six to twelve o'clock, at the Victoria theatre, and was not at the shop at all."





ROBERT RICHARDSON
. I am potman at a public-house in Munster-atreet. About half-past eleven o'clock at night, on the 4th of Sept., I was in Little Charles-street, leading to York-square, and saw the prisoner running, with his hands to his jacket—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner come past you? A. Yes—he was going very fast.





GEORGE BRIAN
. I am a butcher. On Monday night, the 4th of Sept., I was in Little Charles-street—I saw the prisoner run by me about half-past eleven o'clock—his hands were up to his jacket.

Cross-examined. Q. What were you doing? A. Going down to Mr. Clark's to get some lottery-tickets—I was out of work at this time.

MR. PAYNE
called






DENNIS BOWEN
. I am the prisoner's brother. He was taken into custody on Wednesday, on the charge of stealing some cigars and tobacco—I was with him on the Monday night—we went to the Victoria theatre—we started from home, in Fitzroy-row, about five o'clock—we arrived at the theatre about ten minutes to pix—we remained there till about six minutes past twelve—we went straight home when we left—I had a little drop to drink at the opposite house—I was with him all the time, except going out to get a

little drink, about nine o'clock, while the pieces were going on—I remained out about five minutes—I went back and found him there—I remained with him then till it was over—he could not have been at York-square without any knowing it—he got up about seven o'clock in the morning.

COURT. Q. What are you? A. I work for Mr. Davis, a boot and shoemaker.
(Bartholomew Crow, a cabinet-maker, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY.†
 Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


