



2402. 




GEORGE JAMES
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting (with another person) 



Henry Horton, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, 4 shillings, 1 sixpence, 3 pence, and 6 halfpence; his monies.






HENRY HORTON
. I shall be fifteen years old next month; I did live at Cheltenham, I came to London to look for a ship; I have been three voyages. On the afternoon of the 24th of Sept., about four o'clock, I was by St. Katharine's Dock, and met the prisoner by Solomon's shippingoffice—there was another lad with him—I was saying I wished I could get a ship—the other lad said he knew where I could get one—(the prisoner was by)—I told him if he could get me a ship, I would give him 1s.—the prisoner did not come up at all—he stood apart, about four yards off—he had been with the other lad before—they spoke to each other—after I said I would give the other lad 1s., he went up and spoke to the prisoner—I did not hear what he said—he came back to me again, and told me to come on, or the captain would be gone out—I had another lad with me, but we left him, because they said if the other lad went with me the captain would kick up a row—I left the other, and went with those two—we went up to Blackwall to a public-house, called the Gun—they took me to a shed there, and then asked me where my money was—I was so frightened, I could not answer—the prisoner took and bound a handkerchief about my mouth—he said if I hallooed he would stifle me to death—the other lad ransacked my pockets—they took away 4s. 6d. in silver, three penny-pieces, six halfpence, and six halffarthings—I snatched the handkerchief from my mouth, and hallooed out, "Stop thief"—they pretended to run after me, and as soon as they got a little way, they ran away as hard as they were able—I kept hallooing, "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner stopped by a policeman—the other lad ran away.





JOHN DAVIS
 (police-constable K 94.) On the 24th of Sept. I heard the cry of "Stop thief!" and saw the prisoner running as hard as he could, pursued by the prosecutor—he cried out, "Stop thief!" likewise—I pursued, and caught him—he said, "O Sir! it was not me, it was my shipmate"—I said, "What has he done?"—he said, "Robbed that boy," pointing to Horton, "of 3s. 6d."—Horton came up and said, "You have done sufficient to transport you, you have robbed me of 5s."—the prisoner said, "No, I did not do it, it was my shipmate"—Horton said, "You put the handkerchief over my mouth"—the prisoner said, "Well, what if I did, what of it?"—he said, "If you go after the other boy, I dare say you will overtake him, and get the money from him"—I took him to the station, but found nothing upon him—when I stopped him he had this handkerchief in his hand.

Prisoner's Defence. I came up from Liverpool with a lad; we saw this lad at a shipping agent's, near the Londondock; he said he knew a ship he would take him to; when he got to Blackwall he put his handkerchief over

his mouth and took the money from him; I ran after him, and he knocked me down, and the policeman took me; I had nothing to do with it.




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Justice Maule.

