



1154. 




IGNATIUS BRATHWAITE
 was indicted

 for a robbery, on the 
29th of February, on 



Mary Neate, taking from her person and against her will, 1 bag, value 1s.; 1 brooch, value 2l.; 1 key, value 4d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 5 half-crowns, and 1 halfpenny, her property; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, striking, beating, and using other personal violence to her.






MARY NEATE
. I live in Boston-street, Regent's-park. On a Saturday, early in March, I was returning from Portman-square, going up Baker-street, close to the wall—the chapel clock struck five when I was in Portman-square—I had a reticule in my hand, twisted round my arm, and the cord round my two fingers—a man threw his person upon me, almost felled me to the ground, and dragged at my reticule two of three times—he could not get it off, as he would have broken my arm if he did—it was a new reticule, with a yellow silk cord—his hat was over his face—I could not recognise his face—a woman was standing by the chapel—I called out, "Come and help me there," A thief—she stood like a statue, and never moved—he afterwards joined that woman—he did not leave me when I called out, but he squeezed my throat, and pressed me against the iron railing of the empty house which he attacked me at—I said, "Help, help!"—he said, "I will help you, if you will give me your bag"—I said, "Will I give you the bag? You shall try hard for it first"—he squeezed me almost to death, 1 have never had a day's health since—my arms have been black and blue for six weeks—I was full half-an-hour struggling with him, and not an omnibus or any thing passing all the time—nobody came to my assistance—it is most extraordinary—he took my reticule, with all the contents, from roe, and ran off with it—he snapped the cord, and all my fingers were cut, and my hand cut, as if it was with a knife—here is the mark now—he disabled me so, he got my reticule at last—there was a crimson silk purse in it, one sovereign of George the Fourth, quite a new half-sovereign of Queen Victoria, and, I think, five half-crowns—I had changed a sovereign in the morning, to buy some tea—there was also an emerald brooch in the bag, with a pearl, a large key of the house, and a pocket-handkerchief—I got up to Fin lay's public-house, and I saw him go up Adam-street with the woman—she opened the door of a house without knocking, and went in, and presently I saw the reticule thrown up in the air—he threw it into some house he was acquainted with—I do not know where it fell—I lost sight of it, but did not lose sight of him—I could not speak, I was so disabled—I saw Webster, the witness, and said, "Be so kind as to run after that man and woman, and say he has got my reticule"—I pointed the prisoner out to Webster—I continued on that side till a policeman came up to me, and said, "Make haste up, a young carpenter has secured the man"—I had not lost sight of him—I saw the carpenter take him—I saw him scuffle with him, and beating him, and trying to get away from him.


Prisoner. She said at the office, it was a man with a long brown coat, and that the man spoke to a tall woman, and that the man's hat was over his face. Witness. I never had my eyes off the man—you are the man that went to the house.





ELIZABETH CHRISTIAN WEBSTER
. I am fifteen years old, and live in Bullard's-court—I was coming down Baker-street with my father, and saw the prosecutrix—I saw a man knock her down—she fell by the iron railing, and he took a bag from her—he then ran down Adam-street as fast as he could run—I do not know how long it was from the time of his going up to her to his taking her bag—it was a little while—I was on the opposite side—they appeared to struggle for a little time—I did not see him stopped—I did not see his face, and could not swear to him—I did not see any tall woman near.





JOHN JOSEPH WEBSTER
. I am the father of the last witness. I was walking with her, and saw a man struggling with the prosecutrix—after he took the bag be ran down Adam-street—I did not see him stopped—I did not see a tall woman there—it was gas light—I did not see his face, and could not swear to the prisoner.





WALTER READ
. I am a carpenter. I was coming down Adam-street from my work, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I saw a man running at full chase down the middle of the road—there was nobody in the street but him that I could see—I flew at his collar, and stopped him—the prisoner is the man I am quite sure—I held him till the policeman got him—he said, "What have I done? Let me go, I have done nothing," and began wrestling with me—the prosecutrix came up after I had him a little while; but some children ran up first, and said he had stolen a bag—the lady then came up, and said all she wanted was her bag, and the money would not do him any good, and soon after the policeman came—the prisoner said to me, "Search me, I have done nothing"—he was not searched in the street—I delivered him to Macdonell, the policeman—there was nobody running but him, that I could see, but it was a dark night.





EDWARD MACDONELL
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody—he was in a crowd among several people—Read had not hold of him when I came up—he was standing in the crowd—Read pointed him put as the man—I asked the lady if she would charge him with the robbery—she said, no, she would sooner lose the property than give him in charge, and wished to let him go—he was willing to go to the station-house to be searched—she said she would not go to the station-house, but if he had the bag to give it up, that was all she wanted—I let him go, as there was nobody to charge him, and she would not give her name or address, or any thing—about twenty minutes afterwards, as I was going round my beat, I saw him going along Adam-street—he looked down the different areas, knocked at No. 25, and went down with the lady of the house to see if the bag was there which a lady had dropped—I saw him in the area, and when he came up to the door I asked what he wanted there—he said, "A little girl told me a lady had dropped a bag down the area, I have come to inquire for it"—I said, "You are the man I have seen tonight before"—he said, "No, you have not seen me before"—I took him—Tread well brought a bag with its contents to the station-house—the inspector delivered it to me in his presence.





JOHN TREADWELL
. I found a bag down in the area of No. 16, Adam-street

street East, on Saturday, the 29th of February, as near wren o'clock as possible, between seven o'clock and half-past—I delivered it to the inspector, and saw him deliver it to Macdonell—the house No. 16 is on the same side as the chapel.





MARY NEATE

re-examined. That is the bag I lost, and here is my purse in it—here are only five half-crowns in it—the sovereign and half-sovereign is not here—this is ray handkerchief, but it was quite a clean one—it was not even used—it is full of snuff or something now—it has my name on it—that key is mine—the strings of the bag are broken, and it is quite new and clean—every thing was new—this latch-key could not have been in it at the time it was thrown up in the air—I never was in that street before—I cannot tell the number of the house I saw the woman go into—they both ran on the left-hand side, the same side as the chapel, and they went into a house there—I begged, of the policeman not to give him out of custody that night, but it was impossible for me to go to the station-house that night.

Prisoner's Defence. The lady said it happened at five o'clock, and she was attacked in the street; there would be somebody certainly to render her assistance at that time.




GUILTY
. Aged 65.—


Transported for Life.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
