





2164. 




JOHN FRANKLIN
 and 




WILLIAM WILLIAMSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, at 

St. George the Martyr, Southwark, 104 yards of serge, value 12l.; 8 1/2 yards of satin, 4l. 14s. 6d.; 58 yards of doeskin, 1l. 18s. 6d; and 9 yards of buckskin, 2l. 5s.; the goods of 



James Walker and 



Thomas Gordon, in their dwelling-house; and that Franklin had been formerly convicted of felony; and 




JOHN WALKER
 for 

feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH MOUNT
 (policeman.) On the 7th of Sept., about nine o'clock in the morning, in consequence of information, I went to a chapel in Little Chapel-street, Soho, to watch a house—I knew Walker lived there—about nine o'clock I saw him go out, and in about twenty minutes afterwards saw Williamson go in—the door was ajar—I had seen the landlady cleaning the steps of the door—she had finished cleaning them about ten mi-nutes before Williamson went in—he remained in the house two or three minutes, then came out, and went towards Great Chapel-street—he came back in about two minutes, followed by Franklin, who was carrying a bag on his shoulder—they were about two yards apart—the bag appeared to contain rolls of cloth—it was full of something apparently round—the door was ajar, Williamson pushed it open, and they both went in together—I then left the chapel, and went to Whall's house—he sent a man to fetch sergeant Gray—I was absent about three minutes, then returned to the chapel, continued watching, and saw Walker go into the house about twenty minutes after the other two had gone in—I then saw Williamson and Franklin come out together—Gray immediately followed and apprehended them—Williamson was very violent, kicked and assaulted several persons, and tried to get out a life-preserver from his pocket—we took them both to the station—it was a blue bag they had.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. It is a very narrow street? A. Yes—Williamson and Franklin remained nearly half an hour in the house-three or four families live in the house—I do not know the occupation of any

of them, or whether a tailor lives there—I afterwards went into the house, but not when the cloth was found—I have been a sergeant, but was reduced for neglect.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. Is the chapel immediately facing the house? A. Yes—I was alone, except the man who cleans the chapel—I was in private clothes—I went out into the street and back into the chapel once or twice—Williamson was two or three yards in advance of Franklin.





JOHN GRAY
 (police-sergeant.) On the 7th of Sept. I was fetched by Mount to Little Chapel-street—I have known Walker was living at No. 3, for between ten and eleven months—soon after I got there I saw him go into the house, and Franklin and Williamson came out in about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—I secured Franklin—he resisted and began to kick at me—I sent him to the station, went to sergeant Whall, and we went to the first-floor back room of the house, where Walker lived—I found him standing near the fire-place—there was a fire burning, and two wooden rollers, with the marked ends, in the fire burning—they were such rollers as drapers roll their goods on—I took them out and placed them on a chair—there were marks visible on one of them—the mark on the other was totally destroyed—Walker attempted to take one of the rollers up, but was prevented—I was in private clothes—I told him we were officers, and that he was in custody—he said it was a bad job, and sat down—Whall said, "Where is the cloth?"—Walker pointed to a little room adjoining, and said, "There it is," we went in and found a quantity of silk, serge, satin, and woollen cloth, lying unrolled on a heap on the floor—these are the rollers—one is too much burnt to distinguish any mark—here is some satin—Walker said the goods had been left there that morning—he was taken into custody—I went to the station where Franklin and Williamson were—they were searched—I found off Franklin this latch-key—he said, "Gray, you have not nailed me to rights yet; you thought to spring the plant in the last concern; you are artful, but not artful enough for that," springing the plant means finding stolen property in a person's possession—I was present when Williamson was searched, and a bag and life-preserver found on him, and a yard of the same kind of satin as the rest was found in a hat which he owned.

Cross-examined by Mr. O'BRIEN. Q. Where did you find the property? A. On the first-floor—three females live in the house—I believe a tailor lived in the front room—I took Franklin about fifty yards from the house—I took a waterman from the stand at the Surrey Theatre, to examine the prisoners—they were shown to him to see if they were either of the men who conveyed the property away—he is not here.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was not the fire out which the rollers were in? A. No, there was about as much fire as I could hold in my hands—it was nearly out, but there was sufficient to burn the rollers as they are now.

Q. When Whall asked where the cloth was, did not Walker point to the small room and say, "There are some things there, which were left this morning?" A. Those were the precise words—he made a snatch at the roller on the chair—I prevented his taking it up.





JOHN WHALL
. I was a police-sergeant at this time—I was fetched to Little Chapel-street, and saw Walker go into No. 3—after Williamson and Franklin were taken into custody, I went there with Sergeant Gray, into the back room, first-floor—they were Walker's rooms—there were two rollers in the fire—I saw Gray take them out and put them on a chair—I said to Walker, "You know me very well"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "You must consider yourself in custody"—he sat down, and said it was a bad job—I

asked him where the cloth was—he pointed to a door and said, "There, are some things there, which were left this morning"—I went into the room and found the goods on the floor—on looking them over, I found two little tickets in the middle of the goods, on the floor.





JANE CONGERTON
. I am a dress-maker, and live in the street opposite Walker—I have known him living there eight or nine months—I know Williamson and Franklin by seeing them going there several times, and I have seen all three together at the street-door.





THOMAS GORDON
. I am in partnership with James Walker—we are linen-drapers, in the Blackfriars-road—our premises consist of two shops, one a wholesale, and the other a retail department. On the 7th of Sept, in. the morning, I was in the counting-house, at the end of the retail department, and could not see the door of the wholesale department—on the 11th of Sept. the goods produced were shown to me—up to that time I was not aware we had lost any property—I swear to this satin roller, by my mark on it, and to these two tickets—one is my writing and one my partner's—some doe-skin was produced to me—we had such in our stock.

COURT. Q. Had you satin of that description on a roller of that sort? A. Yes, but there is no mark on the satin—I should have had a little more, satin in my stock than is on this piece—here should be fourteen yards and one-eighth on this piece, but it is eight yards and half, worth 11s. a yard, 4l. 14s. 6d.—we never sell the rollers with the goods—this ticket belongs to this piece of doe-skin, ten yards and a half—we had a good many pieces of the same sort—the number of yards on the ticket is thirty-nine—I found ten yards and a half, worth 1l. 18s. 6d.—it cost 3s. 8d. a yard—we should not tell this ticket with the cloth—the other ticket belongs to a piece of black kerseymere which is here—there are two pieces—the piece the ticket refers to is twenty-four yards—the quantity on the ticket is fifty-four yards—I cannot ascertain bow much we had sold—on examining the stock, I find we have lost black kerseymere, but cannot tell how much—I lost a considerable quantity—I had seen it the Thursday week before I received information—it. was taken on the Monday—I looked the Thursday before that, and there was a good deal of this kerseymere there—I had notice given me on the Friday—I had examined my stock the Thursday week before—the kerseymere was on the board the Thursday before—I had seen the roll of kerseymere which is here, on that day—I missed it directly I received information, and when this was produced it was of the same description, and the ticket produced should have been on it—I missed some silk serge—here are one hundred and four yards of silk serge, worth 2s. 4d. a yard, 12l.—I cannot identify it, her cause the roller is burnt—it was on a roller of this sort—I had sold seven yards and one-eighth, and missed the rest from a hundred and ten yards—I have the pattern of it in my pocket—this piece of satin is of the same kind as was on the roller—I have compared it—silk serge varies a good deal—the pattern tallies with it.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BKIEN. Q. Except from the mark on the roller and two tickets you cannot identify any part of the property? A. I have not the least doubt of it—I should not like to swear positively apart from the tickets and the mark on the roller, but to the best of my belief they are mine—I think the satin was on the roller when I saw it—the selvage of black satin goes a good way to identify it—on the Thursday before I had seen about the same quantity of satin, cloth, serge, and kerseymere, and had cut some of the serge—I did not see the doe-skin that I recollect—I have eight, or nine men in my establishment—none of them made any communication to me—I was in the shop on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday all day—I did

not observe any difference in my stock—the kerseymere was in the ware-house—the door of the warehouse was locked on Monday morning, and the key in the door—all my men were out but one that morning—they went out a little before nine—we generally close on Saturday night about eight—I was at home that evening.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. You say the piece of satin was the same as that on the roll? A. I have not the least doubt of it—the selvages are the same and the quality—I have no more of the same sort—the selvages agree—I have no doubt of it being the same.





THOMAS JOHNSTON
. I am in the employ of the prosecutor—it is my belief this piece of doeskin formed part of the stock—I noticed it in the stock on Thursday evening, the 3rd of Sept.—there is no account of its having been sold—this satin I believe to be hours—I know the mark on the roller—I saw the satin-roller safe on Saturday evening, the 5th of Sept.—I saw the serge the same evening—I had them both in my hand—I believe it to be the same—on Monday morning, the 7th of Sept., I went out a few minutes before nine—just as I got outside the door I met the prisoner Franklin—I noticed him particularly—he was within a few doors of the house—I went on my way, and he went into our shop door—I had come out of the warehouse door, and locked it myself, and left the key in the lock—there are two outside doors; we only use one—he had gone in at the outer door Which we use—when you proceed a little more than a breadth and a half of the outer door there is a break in the partition, you turn to the right and there is the warehouse door, which is an internal door—I had left the key in that door—I had only got a few yards when I saw him—I do not know how I came to notice him—I turned round and saw him go in, and saw him come out again in about a minute, bringing nothing with him—he went in the direction of the London-read, passing me again—there are plenty of public-houses there—I turned up the Borough-road—he was in long enough to have gone to the warehouse door and seen the key in it—both the partners live in the house, which is in the parish of St. George's, Southwark.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. If you went in at the outer door and looked in, would not you see the key? A. No—you must turn to the right a little more than the breadth of the outer door—a person in the retail shop cannot see the warehouse door, unless he is exactly opposite the door—I returned about half-past five in the evening—I then went into the warehouse, and missed nothing then—I was there on Tuesday, and missed nothing—we have nine young men—we had only one piece of that kind of doeskin, or of the satin, on the Thursday—we had a good deal of black cloth—when Franklin passed me the second time I was a very few yards further—he passed and repassed me.

JURY. Q. How many pieces of goods have you, as you did not miss these? A. We have generally a good many pieces and half pieces of all sorts in the stock—we might have forty or fifty pieces and half piece—that was the only piece of serge in the warehouse, except a small remnant.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. What time is the warehouse locked up in the evening? A. When the shop is shut up, sometimes eight, some-times half-past eight or nine, we have not persons employed to walk up and down—we have nine men—they go backwards and forwards between the shop and the warehouse—the door is not open except some one is inside.

MR. CLARK. Q. Was anybody in the warehouse when you locked the door? A. No—we shut up about nine o'clock at night—the goods were safe within five minutes of that time.





JOHN HAYWARD. I
 conduct this prosecution for the solicitor to the

Treasury—I produce a certificate of the conviction of Franklin from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted 18th of Aug. 1845, confined three months.)





JOSEPH RAKESTRAW
 (policeman.) I was present at Franklin's trial—the prisoner Franklin is the person.

FRANKLIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

WILLIAMSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.





Transported for Seven Years.


WALKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

(There were other charges against the prisoners.)
