




2401. 




CHARLES SYLVESTER
 and 




THOMAS COLLINGS
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




John Morries, on the 
21st of Sept., at 

Paddington, and stealing therein 6 watches, value 15l.; 1 watch-case, 2l.; and 1 watch-guard, 12s.; his property; to which


SYLVESTER pleaded 


GUILTY.** Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.



MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN MORRISS.
 I am a watchmaker and silversmith, at 7, Margaret-terrace, Harrow-road, in the parish of Paddington. On the 21st Sept. I locked my shop door, and went down stairs to dinner—I came up about two o'clock, and found Sylvester in the shop—I took hold of him, he struck me and got away—I pursued, and caught him again; he again got away—I still pursued him—there was a horse and cart about fifty yards from my house, he threw a handful of watches into it, but most of them rolled about—there was a man in the cart, I believe it was Collings—he said, "You take the reins, Sir, and I will catch the man"—he got out of the cart, and ran—I cannot be sure he ran in the same direction; he never came back to own his horse and cart—I saw the watches, they were my property—the lock of the shop was picked.





JOSEPH DRAKE.
 I am a constable of Paddington, and live in Market, street. On the 21st of Sep., about two o'clock in the afternoon, I saw a horse and cart in the road, about fifty yards from Mr. Morriss's shop—Colling was in it—I saw Sylvester come from the direction of Mr. Morriss's he went up and spoke to the man in the cart—they were not together a minute—Sylvester returned towards Mr. Morriss's, which is No. 7—I went to No. 2 and in two or three minutes I heard a cry of "Stop him!" and saw Sylvester running towards me without his hat—I thought it was a quarrel, and let him pass; I pursued into the road, and saw him run to the cart, and throw something thing at it; I pursued more quickly, and as I passed the cart, I picked up three watches in the road—Collings was then in the cart.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. When did you see Collings next? A. About three weeks afterwards, in custody—I have no doubt of him—I had never seen either of them before.





JOSEPH DAVIS.
 I am office-porter to the Great Western Railway—I heard "Stop thief!" cried, and saw Sylvester throw something into the cart—there was a man in it, who I believe to be Collings.

Cross-examined. Q. You had never seen him before? A. No. WILLAM NATHEWS (policeman, D 198.) On the 21st of Sept. I heard a cry of "Stop thief,!" and saw Sylvester running—I saw Mr. Morriss at the head of the horse of a chaise-cart—Collings got out of it, and said to Mr. Morriss, "You hold the reins, and I will catch the thief"—I have no doubt of him.

Cross-examined. Q. How far was the cart from Mr. Morriss's? A. About fifty yards—it was not a hundred—I did not measure it—it was in the same street.





THOMAS GARFORTH
 (policeman, D 151.) On the 19th of Oct, I took Collings, from directions I had received—he denied having committed the robbery.

COLLINGS—


GUILTY. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.

