




2051. 




JOSEPH CLARK
 and 




JAMES BRINKSWORTH
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Peter Lodwick Burchell, about ten o'clock in the night of the 
12th of July, at 

St. Leonard, Shoreditch, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 8 scent-bottles, value 5l., his goods; and that Brinksworth had been before convicted of felony.






PETER LODWICK BURCHELL
. I live in Kingsland-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and am a surgeon. On Monday, the 12th of July, a little after ten o'clock, I was sitting in my shop, and saw two persons looking in at the window twice—I shortly after got up, put out two gas-lights in the window, went round the counter, and told the boy to put up the shutters—after he had put up two or three, and was gone down stairs for another, I heard something fall on the pavement—I went out, found a pane of glass broken, and some scent-bottles removed, and eight gone—I had looked at the window several times, and it was not broken before that—I had seen the scent-bottles there that evening—I looked round, and saw a policeman crossing the road with the prisoner Clark—the policeman had four bottles in his possession which were four of what I lost—I went to the station with the policeman, and found out where the prisoner lived —I accompanied him and another officer to his house—his brother and sister who he lived with were out—Sanders went away with me, leaving Edis to wait till they came home—next morning I found the other four

bottles at the station, and the other prisoner in custody at the station with the man and his wife who keep the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What was the use of going to Clark's house to wait for his brother and sister? A. We wanted to find whether he lived there, whether he had given the proper address—I found nothing there—ray boy is not here—it was the pane of glass next the shutter that was broken—that could not have been done by the boy putting up the shutter, because it was on the opposite side to the shutter, and six inches from it—when I heard the crash the boy was down stairs—I swear these smelling-bottles are mine.





THOMAS EDIS
. I am a policeman. On the 12th of July, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I was on duty at the bottom of Hackney-road, near the prosecutor's house—I heard a crash of glass, and saw two persons crossing the road—Clark was one—I do not know the other—he was a short person, exactly of the same stature as Brinjcsworth—it was not a boy—I followed them in the direction of High-street, Shoreditch—when they got on the pavement, Clark stopped suddenly against the railings of the churchyard, and deposited something—he then turned back in a contrary direction, and I found these four bottles in the place where I had seen him deposit something—I secured Clark.

Cross-examined. Q. When you took Clark, and afterwards the bottles, did you not say, "What have you got here?" A. I did—he said he knew nothing about them—the road is very wide there—I was standing close upon him when I saw him deposit something—I could not take more than one—had they proceeded down High-street I should have taken both—I could not see what it was that Clark deposited, his back was towards me, and he turned in a contrary direction—there were persons passing at the time—I am quite certain I saw Clark deposit the things.





WILLIAM SANDERS
. I am a policeman. On the night of the 12th of July, I received information, and about two o'clock in the morning I went to the prisoner Brinksworth's house—I know it was his house from information I received—I knocked at the door, and inquired if he was at home—a man put his head out of window, and said something—he let me in—I went up stairs and commenced searching, in company with my brother constable—I then went down stairs in company with the man and his wife who keep the house, and found in the second drawer of a chest of drawers four scent bottles, a nail, and a religious tract—I took the man and his wife to the station, leaving the other constable in charge of the house—I then came back again, and stopped for several hours—about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, a knock came to the door, and a female voice, as it appeared to me, asked me something—I answered her from within in a feigned voice, and she went away—about ten minutes after the prisoner Brinksworth came to the door and said, "You, Tom, is any body here?"—I answered, "No"—he said, "Are you sure there is nobody here?"—I said, "No"—he said, "Open the door"—I told him I could not, he had got the key—he did not speak for a moment or so—I then opened the door, seized hold of him, told him what he was charged with, and took him into custody.





GEORGE SMITH
. I lodge at this house; Mrs. Brinksworth, the prisoner's mother, keeps it—the chest of drawers Sanders speaks of is hers—I went to bed at nine o'clock that night, and my wife about half-past nine—Brinksworth

was not in the house at that time—I used to leave the shutters shut, but the bolt undone, on purpose for the prisoner to come in through the window, as the key was so bad, it would not undo the door easily—he lodged there with his mother—near upon eleven o'clock I heard some one come through the window—I cannot positively swear it was him, as I did not see him, nor hear his voice—he sleeps in the room the policeman searched—the mother does not—she was out at service then—his two little brothers, one seven and the other eleven years old, slept with him—they were there in bed when the policeman came—there was no one in the house then but me, my wife, and the two children.

Brinksworth's Defence. I used to go to a public-house which this young man and a few friends used—I very often took them home to my house to sleep down stairs, and I told them any night if they had not money to get a lodging they could come in there—they knew the way as well as I did.





THOMAS MAILING
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of Brinks-worth's former conviction—(read)—he is the man.

CLARK*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

BRINKSWORTH*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
