



2051. 




JOHN TERRY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of Oct., I saw, value 5s., the goods of 



William Binfield; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM BINFIELD
. I am a carpenter, and live in Gregory-street, Pimlico. On Friday evening, the 15th of Oct., I left my work, in the King's-road—I locked my box containing my tools, and left it there—I had a saw in it—next morning, at six o'clock, I went to the place—the box was still there, but the lid had been forced open—I do not know whether the saw was there then or not, for I had no occasion to use it—on the Monday morning I wanted it, and found it was gone—I questioned the men about it—I went to Preddy's beer-house on the Wednesday after, and saw it in his possession—this now produced is it—it has my name on it—in consequence of what I heard, I gave the prisoner into custody next rooming—I told him what it was for—he said he knew nothing about it—he was at work on the same premises.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I tell you I found the ticket of the saw, and sold

it to Preddy? A. Yes—I inquired of you, as well as all the men, about the saw, and you said you knew nothing about it.





THOMAS PREDDY
. I keep the Prince of Wales beer-shop, in Middle-street, Brompton. On Sunday, the 9th of Oct., the prisoner came to me, and sold me the ticket of a saw, pledged at Mr. Grant's, at Knightsbridge—I went with it there next day, and got this saw, which the prosecutor has identified.





WILLIAM LOCKHART
 (policeman.) I received the prisoner in charge—I found on him six duplicates, all for tools, none relating to this saw.

Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the ticket of the saw, with another, on the premises, as I was going to work on Friday morning; a man named Regan was with me, and I said to him, "Here are some tickets, I wonder who they belong to;" I inquired among all the men, and they knew nothing of them; they could not make them out; the prosecutor was in the way when I inquired; I gave one up to the man I am employed for.





WILLIAM BINFIELD

re-examined. I did not hear him say he had found two tickets—nothing of the kind was mentioned.





THOMAS PREDDY

re-examined. I do not remember the name the taw was pledged in—I did not ask the pawnbroker anything about the saw—I merely laid down the ticket, and they produced the saw—the prisoner did tell me how he came by the duplicate—he said the saw cost 7s. 6d.; that it was a good one, and as bright as silver.





WILLIAM BINFIELD

re-examined. The saw was given to me—I should say it cost about 7s. 6d. when new.





ROBERT M'KENZIE
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted on the 12th of June, 1843, of larceny, having been before convicted; confined six months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 53.—


Transported for Seven Years.

