



434. 




EDWARD KEMP



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Low, in the night of 
1st Jan., at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, and stealing therein 10 sixpences, 1267 pence, and 565 halfpence, his monies, having been before convicted.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






MARTIN CASEY
 (City policeman, 284.) On 1st Jan., a little before two o'clock in the morning, I was in Field-lane, Holborn, by the One Tun public-house, of which Mr. Low is landlord—I heard the sound of copper money, and called the sergeant's attention to it—he rung the bell—I heard a man in the house say, "Here he comes"—I went round to the black of the house to Plough-court, which is no thoroughfare—there is a wall there belonging to Mr. Tite's house—an alarm was given—I ran in pursuit, and saw Humphries with the prisoner in custody—he was taken to the station—I searched him, and found ten sixpence and some silent matches in his waistcoat-pocket—I asked his name and address—he refused to give it.





RICHARD HUMPHRIES
 (City policeman, 289.) In consequence of information from Casey, I listened at the door of the One Ton, and heard a noise like the drawing out of a till and emptying the contents—I heard a very light footstep inside—there was a no light—I stood close by the corner of Plough-court, within sight of the front door, and saw the prisoner fall from the wall. which is a about sixteen feet high, into the court—he attempted to run down the court, as if it was a throughfare—he could not run; hobbled about sixteen paces, as if hurt by the fall—I caught him I, casey, and the pri-soner were the only persons in the court then—I have got you now, now, old fellow" he said he was not the person who well form the wall—I took him to the station, saw him searched, and ten sixpences and some lucifers taken from him.

Crossed examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you tried the matches? A. Yes: they make a very slight noise—the first words I said to him were "Hello, old fellow! I have got you at last"—I do not recollect saying a word more—I might have said something about falling from tha wall—I do not think I said more than I have told you—I said that, having had him pointed out as a very bad character, and the companion of reputed thieves—I was not looking after him—I said it, as there had been a robbery about six week before, and we missed the robber—my brother George was with me; he is led—I did not keep him walking about with me; he merely called about two o'clock to see if I had any message to send to my mother at Stepney—he was going there—he is a messenger at the Daily News office—I first saw him on Holborn-hill—I had not appointed to meet him—I was at the public-house door when be came up.


MR. PLATT. Q. You had only seen him a minute or two before this took place? A. My attention was called to the noise before I saw him.





GEORGE HUMPHRIES
. I am brother of last witness, and live at Cottagehill, Commercial-road. I am a messenger at the Daily New printing-office—between two and three o'clock I was on my way home, and saw my brother standing at the door—I stood there, and heard a cracking like some one coming over some railing, as if something was giving way—there were iron railings on the wall—I saw the prisoner fall from the wall—I did not see him on it—he got up, and limped up the court, which is no thoroughfare—I went after him—he was taken—he had no coat or jacket on—part of the railing fell down—he was the only man there but me, and the two officers.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you meet your brother accidentally? A. I went to invite him to my mother's—I had not agreed to meet him—I knew where to find him—I am not out with him very often—I call sometimes of a night—I have not been in any case before, except as a witness for a policeman in a charge of assault against a gentleman—the only way I get my living is by being a messenger.





ROBERT ENO
 (City police-sergeant, 268.) I remained near the premises while the other officers went to the station—when the door was opened I went in, found the tills open, and a piece of print, like a handkerchief, on the floor, containing 1l. 10s. 8d. in copper—I went into a cellar below, and found this jacket—(produced)—it contained a knife, and 2l. 0s. 0 1/2 d. in copper—2l. 18s. 5d. in copper was lying loose near it—I found a door on the first floor, which leads to the leads, open—a person getting over the leads could drop from the wall into the court—there were no marks on the door.





WILLIAM LOW
. I am landlord of the One Tun. It is my dwelling-house, and in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn—I went to bed about a quarter-past one o'clock—I went over the house—it was all safe—I searched, as I had been robbed before—about half-past two I was awoke by the police, came down, and found a quantity of copper removed, a writing-desk broken open, and the contents in confusion—the till had been opened, and the sixpences taken out—I found some copper on the bar-floor, tied up in a handkerchief like this produced, which does not belong to any one in the house—I have seen the prisoner wear one like it round his neck—in the cellar I found a jacket with a large quantity of copper in it—there was 3l. on the desk, packed up, in five-shilling papers—I left between 6l. and 7l. in copper there the night before—I was the last person up—I closed the scullery door, and bolted the outer door—I looked everywhere where a person could hide himself—a person could pass from the leads, over the adjoining buildings. into Plough-court—my kitchen is on the first floor, adjoining the leads—there is a door from it on to the leads, which I was not in the habit on locking—it fastens with a common spring-bolt, which opens with a turn to the hand—I left is closed.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you lose any money? A. I am not aware that I did—the paling on the leads between my house and the next was broken, so that a person might have got into Plough-court—they must have got from Plough-court into the kitchen—there is a very high wall there—a young man informed me that it was very easy to get up.





WILLIAM GOODEVE
 (City policeman, 163.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Concicted Aug., 1843, and confined six months—I was present at the trial—he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 22. 


Transported for Seven Years.

