




301. 




SAMPSON SIMPSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
7th of December, 1 purse, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 8 shillings, and 6 groats; the property of 



Robert Auld, from the person of 



Isabella Auld.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





ISABELLA AULD
. I am the wife of Robert Auld, and live in Crane-court, Fleet-street. I got into an omnibus on the 7th of December, at Regent-circus—I eat on the right-hand side, the second from the door—a person, who I believe to be the prisoner, got in at Oxford-street—he sat himself down on my right hand, and threw a large cloak over me as I sat—he got out about Chancery-lane, or Southampton-buildings, in a very hurried manner—he gave my shoulder quite a blow—the omnibus had stopped to let some one else out—I had my purse, with two sovereigns, one half-crown, some shillings, and six fourpenny-pieces, a card-case, and a pocket-hand-kerchief in my pocket—after the prisoner got out, a Mr. Haisell spoke to me, and he then got out—immediately he spoke, I found I had lost my purse and the money—the card-case was still remaining—I am sure I had my purse when I got in—when I got home I found my petticoat was rolled up to my waist on the right side.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you rare you had put your money in your purse? A. Yes—it is not possible that I should have dropped it—I never said that it was—I am sure there were two sovereigns In gold in it—the omnibus was nearly full—the persons in it were all strangers.





GEORGE HENRY HAISELL
. I live in Elder-place, Spital-square. I was in the omnibus with Mrs. Auld—I went in after her, and sat the second on the left hand—when I got in there was no person sitting on the right-hand side of her—I saw the prisoner come in, and set himself at her right—immediately after he got in he placed himself in an oblique direction, and threw a large Mackintosh cloak over his knees, and over the prosecutrix's knees—I perceived there was something extraordinary in his conduct—I saw his hands moving under the cloak, more towards his left—he did not move when other persons came in—he was occupying the place of two people—just as we got to Chancery-lane a lady got out, and the prisoner rushed out in a very hurried manner—I then asked the prosecutrix if she had lost any thing—I said, "Feel in your pocket"—she did, and said she had lost her purse—I told the conductor to stop—I went in pursuit, and came up with the prisoner at the corner of Red Lion-street—I was on the opposite side of the way—I saw him speaking to a gentleman—I crossed the road—he noticed me, and they went on to the Coach and Horses public-house—knowing it had a stable-yard, I placed myself at the corner, but perceiving they did not make their escape by the side-door, I waited two or three minutes, and not seeing an officer, I thought I would go in—just as I was going in they were coming out—I seized the prisoner's companion, under an impression that they had been dividing the booty—the companion thrust me violently away—the prisoner turned towards Red Lion-street, and I followed him—I went by his side, and charged him with having robbed a lady in the omnibus—he said, "What lady?"—I said, "There is no necessity for saying what lady, you know you have robbed a lady"—he said I must be mistaken—I said, no, I had marked his conduct too well to be mistaken—he then said, would I go home with him—I said, no, I would follow him till I saw an officer, and give him into custody—he said, would I take a cab, and go with him to his residence—I said, no, I should not lose sight of him—as we were going through several streets, he asked what I

wanted—I said, "The restitution of the purse"—he said, would a sovereign do—I said I required the restitution of the purse—he said, "I have a sovereign, and 6s. or 7s. in silver, will you take that?"—I said, "No"—as we were going on, he said, "It is not worth while to make a noise about it, come home"—I said, "No"—he then said, would 5l. be in my way—I said, "No"—I saw a policeman, and gave him in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you get up this case? A. No; I took it up as a duty I owe to the public—I had not a cloak on—I do not think any one had but the prisoner—I did not go into the Coach and Horses public-house—I did not see the prisoner dispose of any thing—I have not ascertained that he is a housekeeper at Newington—the omnibus was not examined.





JOHN PORTER
 (police-constable F 43.) I received the prisoner into custody—I searched him, and found in his right-hand waistcoat pocket one sovereign, four shillings, three sixpences, and six fourpenny-pieces.
(William Forbes, a retired publican; John Smith, a butcher, of Turnmill-street; and John Foster, a coal-merchant, of Long-lane; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.† Aged 44.—


Transported for Ten Years.
