



837. 




FRANCIS MURRAY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Peter Crocker, and stealing therein 2 chins ornaments, value 1s.; 2 glass jugs, 6s.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, 6s.; 1 breast-pin, 3s. 6d.; 2 pictures and frames, 5s.; and 1 pair of snuffers, 4d.; his property.






ANN HEMMINGS
. I am servant to Peter Crocker, of Beal's-place, Northams-buildings, Somers-town, shoemaker. On Sunday, the 18th of Feb., master and mistress went out to chapel about six o'clock, leaving me in charge of the children, and nobody else in the house—about half-past seven, I went out with the children, and shut the door after me and tried it—I returned in ten minutes, and found it still shut—I went to the window-shutters, found

them partly open, and the window up—I had left it shut down—I called through the window, "Is that you, Mr. Crocker?" using my master's name—a voice answered "Yes"—I saw the street door open, three men come out and run away—the prisoner was the last who came out—I am certain of him—I called out "Stop thief," and he was brought back by a policeman, who said, "Go up stairs, and see if anything is lost"—I went up, but did not miss anything myself—my mistress's boxes were broken open, which I knew were locked when she went out—several articles were turned out on the floor—I fetched my mistress from chapel—I saw a salt-cellar and a pair of snuffers on the stairs, which had been in their proper place before I went out—there were several other articles on the sideboard in the first-floor front room which had been removed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You tried the door to see that it was fast? A. Yes, I went just round the house for a walk—I am sure I left the window quite shut down—I had been in the first floor room—I went into the parlour to put the shutters to—when I went out I did not fasten them, as I had not got the key of the street-door, and meant to get in at the window when I returned—the key was up stairs, and I could not get It—I am sure the window was shut down—I had never seen any of the men before—they came out very fast and went away—the policeman brought the prisoner back in less than five minutes—one was a dark man in a coat, with a chain round his neck, and his shirt had black studs, a brownish coat, and black waistcoat—the second had a tail coat, a black hat and trowsers—they ran in different directions—I was standing by the window—the children are nine and five years old.





MARTIN MCHALE
 (police-constable S 182.) I was on duty on the 18th of Feb., and at the end of Northern-buildings, I heard an alarm of "Stop thief"—I looked into the buildings, and saw the prisoner running, and crying "Stop him"—I took hold of him, and said, "I shall stop you"—I had seen nobody else running—he said, he did not want to go back, that was his way home—I said he should go back till I saw the cause of the alarm—I went to this house—I saw Hemming, and asked her if he was one of the men who had been there—she said, he was—I took him up stairs to search, and felt him take something out of his pocket on the stairs—I called for a light, and the salt-cellar and snuffers dropped out of his hand on the stairs—he denied having put them there, and gave his address, at Shoreditch, but no street—I saw two pictures taken up at the foot of the stairs—I did not see him take the salt-cellars out of his pocket, but felt him do it, as I held his hand and I heard them drop—he leaned against the wall—I am quite certain he took them from his pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Is not this the first time you have mentioned about having hold of his hand? A. No—I held his left hand while he put his right into his pocket, and I expect he took the pictures from his pocket, but will swear to the snuffers and salts.





PETER TROTTER
. My house is in the parish of St. Pancras. I went to chapel with my wife, leaving the children and servant in the house—she came to chapel, and gave the alarm—these snuffers and salt-cellar are mine, and were on the first floor sideboard—the salt-cellar had been used at dinner that day—I found the boxes broken open, and things turned out on the floor—I missed two china dogs, two jugs, two pairs of gold ear-rings, and a gold pin, entirely from the house—these pictures are mine, and hung on the wall in the room when I went out.

Cross-examined. Q. What time were you fetched? A. About five minutes to eight o'clock—the key of the street door hung on a nail by the side of the fire-place.






ANN HEMMINGS

re-examined. There is no lamp or light in Beale's-place—it was a light night—I saw the prisoner's face—he was brought back within three minutes—there was a light then—the first floor door was broken open, for I had locked it, and taken the key with me—I am quite confident he is one of the men.





CHARLES ANDREWS
. I was present in Feb., 1841, when the prisoner was convicted in the New Court—I produce a certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I am sure he is the man—I had taken him into custody.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

