



833. 




CHARLES BELCHER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of February, 1 carpet, value 18s.; and 1 jacket, value 4s.; the goods of 



Francis Wiggs.






KEZIAH WIGGS
. I am the wife of Francis Wiggs, who keeps a clothes-shop in High-street, Poplar. On Saturday, the 8th of February, the prisoner came to my house about twenty minutes past ten o'clock, and asked for a halfpenny-worth of hooks and eyes—I showed him some out of the window—he said they would do—I cut them off—he took them and went out—after he was gone I missed a carpet and a flannel jacket—the carpet had been sold, and done up in a small compass to go home, and the jacket was on the counter—I saw the prisoner run up the street—I informed the police—while he was running I noticed a flannel jacket under his arm—Hale-street is near our house—I have since seen some hooks and eyes, which the policeman has got—they are exactly the same as I sold the prisoner—my carpet was a light one, with a little green, a little red, and a drab corner.





HENRY HUNT
. I am a sawyer, and lire in Mary-street, Bromley. On the 8th of February I was in Hale-street, and the prisoner passed me—he was running towards the East India-road, with a carpet and flannel jacket under his arm—he took the direction towards Bow-common—he came from the direction of High-street, Poptar, and I gave information to Mrs. Wiggs.






CHARLES SCOTNEY
. I am a milkman, living in Wades-place, Mile-end-road. On the 8th of February I met the prisoner in Bow-common-lane—he had a carpet rolled round some flannel.





RICHARD BRINKNER
 (police-constable K 227.) On the 8th of February I went in search of the prisoner, and found him at his sister's lodging in Bridge-street, Stepney—when I went to the house, they said no such person lived there—I went in and saw him with his hat and coat off, before the fire—I asked if there was a person named Belcher lived there—the prisoner said no—I looked about for the carpet—the prisoner got up—I saw his face, and recognised him as the person I had seen in High-street, Poplar, that morning, and took him in charge—I went back to the lodging in the evening, and found this piece of card on the mantel-piece, and these two hooks and eyes in a little ornament on the mantel-piece, close by where the prisoner had been sitting.

Prisoner. Q. What did you ask for? A. If Charles Belcher lived there.





KEZIAH WIGGS

re-examined. These hooks and eyes are exactly like what I sold the prisoner, and this bit of card exactly fits the card I cut it off of.




GUILTY.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
