



944. 




ALFRED TRIGGS
 was indicted

 for feloniously stealing a certain post letter, containing an order for payment of 13l 2s 6d, the property of Her Majesty's Postmaster-general; he (the prisoner) being employed in the postoffice.—Other COUNTS,varying the manner of laying the charge.


MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL,
with
MESSRS. CLARKSON
and 
BODKIN,
conducted the Prosecution






THE REV. JOHN FLETHCER.
 I live at Regent's-villa, New Finchley-road. On or about the 1st of Feb. I wrote the letter now produced—it is addressed to "Richard Hays, Esq., Secretury to the Clerical club, 13, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden"—I enclosed in it check for 13l 2s 6d, it was crossed "and Co."—I do not know whether I took it to the post or sent it by the servant—the seal is not in the same state now as it was then—it has been altogether altered—a few days after I called on Mr. Hays, and found he had not received the letter—I wrote nothing on the check—it was not drawn by me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q.The letter is dated the 1st of Feb., 1846? A.It was written in 1847, I am positive.





RICHARD HAYS.
 I am Secretary to the clerical club Henrietta-street—I never received this letter or the enclosure for 13l 2s 6d—I first saw it on the 10th of March, in the hands of the policeman.





WILLIAM CATLIN.
 I am assistant to Mr. Flemming, a pawnbroker, in St. Martin's-lane—the prisoner has been in the habit of coming to our shop occs sionally—on

the morning of the 10th of march he came and pawned this coat and a pair of sheers, for 3s 6d-about an hour after he left I took the letter producer out of the breast-pocket of cot—it was in an envelope, and had a check in it—the seal was broken, as it is now—I put a mark on the letter, and gave it to Inspector Pearce—this duplicate (looking at one)is the one I gave prisoner.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (policeman) On the 10th of March I went with Inspector Cole in search of the prisoner, and found him in the Strand—I showed him the letter produced, which I had received, and asked him how he accounted for its being found in the pocket of the coat which he had pledged that morning, at Mr. Flemming's, in St. Martin's-lane—he said he knew nothing of the letter, but that he had pawned a coat that morning—I went to his lodging, and found a quantity of duplicates and forty letters—I afterwards took him to the Post-office—he there stated that he had bought the coat the day before yesterday, which would be Monday the 8th, of a Jew in Compton-street, and gave him 2s and a white waistcoat—I found no other coat like that at his lodgings.

Cross-examined. Q.Did not he say he did not know the Jew's name, or where he resided? A. Yes—I had no further conversation with him at the Post-office—he separated the different letter found on him—I heard no Further conversation there respecting this letter.





WELCOME COLE.
 I am inspector of Letter Carriers in the London District Post-office—the prisoner has been a letter-carrier nearly three years, employed at the Branch-office, Charing-cross—it was his duty to deliver letters in Covent-garden, and that neighbourhood—if the letter in question was at the London District, it would not be his duty todeliver it—it bears the mark of the old office—it was posted at St. John's Wood, and arrived at the chief office from there—it has the five o'clock delivery marked on it from St, John's Wood—it would be collected at St. John's Wood at there o'clock, and arrive at the General Post office, St. martin's-le-Grand, between there and five o'clock—and be sent from there to Charing-cross, and be sorted there to be ready for the five o'clock delivery in Henrietta-street—it would not be part of the prisoner's duty to deliver it—his beat was next to the beat which included Henrietta-street, but might very likely have fallen into his hand by mistake, and if so it would be his duty to give to the party who should deliver it, or to the inspector on duty—Inspector Pearce, of the F division of police, showed me the letter on the 10th of March, and I went in search of the prisoner, in company with Ashman—I have heard Ashman's statement of what passed—it is correct—I was present at the Post-office when the letter was shown to the prisoner, and heard him say he had not seen it before, that he knew nothing of it—he admitted pawning the coat—I heard him asked if it was not likely that such a letter might be sorted to his walk by mistake—his answer was, "Very likely"—the prisoner was on duty at the Charging-cross office on the evening of the 1st of Feb., and if in the performance of his duty he would have been there at the arrival of this letter in its due course, he has signed his name as being present at that time.

Cross-examined Q. I believe you found him in the Strand? A.Yes, returning from delivering his letters—the moment I said I wanted to speak to him, he said, "Very well," and went with me to Southampton-street, where I gave him to the policeman—he afterwards said he had bought the coat of a Jew, whom he had frequent dealings with before, but did not know his name, or where he was to be found—there have always been many circularletters sent by the post.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Are circular-letters required to delivered as well

as other letters? A.Certainly—those found wre addressed from the Taxoffice to various people in his walk.

COURT.
Q. Why might the letter fall into hands by mistake rather than into the hands if the proper carrier? A.Henrietta-street being so near Covent-garden, many of the sorters do not know the difference between one walk and the other—Henrietta-street belongs to Charing-cross walk—Covent-garden was written on the letter, and he belongs to Covent-garden walk.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Are not many persons present when these letters are sorted? A. Yes—they stand very near together at work, but when placing the letter for delivery they sit down at some distance from each other.





HENRY FINLAYSON.
 I am a cashier of Union Bank of London—this check for 13l 2s 6d is signed by Mr. Colquhon, a customer of ours—I remember its being presented to me for payment, but cannot exactly say when—it was about a week before my attention was called to it—about a week before the prisoner was examined at Bow-street, which was on the 10th of March—it had then the words "and Co" across it—I refused to pay it, and wrote on it, "Crossed"—I have no recollection of the person who presented it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you fund to pay it? A. Yes.





CHARLRS PARTRIDGE.
 I am a letter-carrier in the London District-office—I know the prisoner—I think I have seen him wearing this coat a fortnight before he was taken—to the best of my recollection this is the coat—if it is, I am certain he wore it a fortnight before he was taken—it seemed not to fit him, being rather too large.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw him wearing it one night I believe? A. That is all—I did not examine it—to the best of my recollection he wore a frock coat similar to this—I will not sweat this is the coat—I only saw it once, and that was at night.





GEORGE MIDDLETON.
 I am a letter-carrier in the same office as Partridge—the prisoner was my partner in the Covent-garden district. I was ill on the 1st of Feb.—I have seen him wearing a frock coat similar to this as much as two months before he was taken—it is rifle green.





THOMAS WELLS.
 I am a letter-carrier of the London district. On the 1st of Feb., in consequence of the illness of Middleton, I assisted the prisoner the whole day—I was present at one of the examination before the Magistrate—I was called up and shown the letter produced, and did not recollect anything about it—I afterwards went to Mr. Peacock to see the letter, as I remembered a conversation between the prisoner and me about a letter, which I thought afterwards was like this, on looking at the letter—I remembered that at the five o'clock delivery, after he had done sorting, I went to where he was sitting, and began to "set the letters in"—I came to one, read the direction, and asked him where it was to go—he said, "That is not yours"—I said, "Whose is it?"—he said, "I will take it"—I know Henrietta-street, it is not on our said, I mean mine and his—I said, "But it is not in our walk at all"—he said, "I am going there, I will deliver it"—he took it up—I recollect reading "Secretary of the Clerical Club" on the letter—I recollect it was at the five o'clock delivery, because I went that part of the ground at ten and five o'clock, and at ten o'clock I did not attempt to set the letters, and at five o'clock I did.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you do at Bow-street that day? A. I had been delivering letter close by, and knowing the prisoner's examination was coming off, went in to hear it—they called me as a witness, and showed me the letter—I did not look much at it—I said I did not know anything about it—the conversation was on the 1st of Feb., and this was on the 16th of March—I said I knew nothing about it—I did not remember it at the time,

but on consideration I remembered what passed that day—I was only on with him one day—when the letter was shown to me I was taken by surprise, and did not recollect it—I was nervous—I do not know that the prisoner was in the habit at times of hanging up his coat at the place where the letter were sorted at Charing-cross—I will not swear he never did it, I do not remember it—he had a very bad cold that day.

Q. Will you swear he did not leave the coat two hours in the office, on Monday, the 8th of March, so that anybody might have put the letter in? A. I had nothing to do with him that day, I do not believe he wore this coat at all that day, but will not swear it—I did not see it—I did not go close to it and see the breast pocket—I am rather nervous now—when I went to hear him examined I hardly knew I had been on with him on the 1st of Feb.—I went because I felt an anxiety about his being locked up—I never thought anything about the letter being in his coat pocket—after I was examined I tried to recollect all I could about the letter—I recollected something about speaking to him about a letter before I was out of the Court that day, but not sufficient to go and speak confidently—I considered the matter over, made myself confident, and went to Mr. Peacock next day—I spoke to Mr. Cole first—the words "clerical secretary" on the letter were as plain on the 16th of March as on the next day, but I had been on many different walks since I told the prisoner it was not in our walk at all, and he said, "I will take it; I am going that way, "but I did not think of that on the 16th of March—on my oath that conversation did occur—there might have been thirty men present is the office—the room is nearly as long as this Court, and rather narrow—there were men near to me at the time I was sorting the letter, but there is great noise and confusion there—they are all calling out and asking questions of one another—the check was for 13l.2s 6d, drawn by G. Colquhon.





WELCOMS COLE

re-examined. I have the book in which the men signed their names on the 10th of March—Wells was on the Strand walk on the 8th of March, a man being ill—he was on the same walk on the 9th and 10th—he would be in the same sorting-room—he would sit in a different part of the office, but they sort all at the same table—(The prisoner here requested to be allowed to try on the coat, which he did.)





CHARLES PARTRIDGE

re-examined. To the best of my recollection, seeing it on, that is the same coat—he was sitting down when I saw it on—what I noticed was the tails—I said it seemed not to fit him—it was rather too large.





GEORGE MIDDLETON

re-examined. To the best of my recollection that is the same coat.




GUILTY. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

