






95. 




HENRY MILLER,



 SARAH DAWERS,



 CHARLOTTE EDGE
, and 




SAMUEL EDGE
, were indicted for

 a conspiracy.






RICHARD GIBLETT
. I live at St. Peter's-terrace, Hammersmith—I am landlord of the house, No. 1, Peter's Cottages—I let that house to the prisoner Miller some time in Aug.—he took possession of it about the 10th of Sept.—he remained there till the night of the 26th of Sept. On going out in the morning on the 27th, I found people standing about the house, and they told me the tenants had gone away in the night—I rang the bell, and there was no one there—the police afterwards opened the house—I went in, and found nothing but three empty casks—Miller had taken the house for three years—he had not paid any rent—when he took the house he gave me a reference to Mr. Dell, No. 31, Windsorterrace, City-road—I went there, and, to the best of my belief, the prisoner Charlotte Edge opened the door—I do not swear to her—I asked for Mr. Dell—she inquired my name—I said I was a stranger to Mr. Dell, but I came about a reference, and I wished to see Mr. Dell—she asked me in—I waited some little time, and the prisoner Samuel Edge came into the room—I had asked for Mr. Dell, and Samuel Edge appeared—I addressed him, and said I came to inquire about a Mr. Miller, who had taken a cottage of mine at Hammersmith, and I wished to know if I should be paid my rent—he said Mr. Miller was a very respectable man, he had rented under hit father for some years, and that his father and him were on very intimate terms—I then stated that mine was a small place, and the rent was not very large, it was 25l.—I described the place, and he said he should think it was a house exactly to suit the family—with that reference I was satisfied, and I went to a house occupied by Miller, where he had given me his card, in Ashford-street, Hoxton—the prisoner Dawers opened the door—I asked if Mr. Miller was in—she said he was not, he was gone into the City, and he would be at home about four o'clock—I said, "Will you tell him I am the person from Hammersmith, and the reference is satisfactory? "—I did not see Miller for a day or two, and I wrote him a note—I afterwards gave him possession of the house—I should not have let him had it if I had not had that account from Samuel Edge—the day before Miller quitted the cottage I saw Samuel Edge in the garden with Miller.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there any agreement made between you and Miller, at any time, that you were to receive any money or money's worth before he had the possession of the house? A. No—there was nothing due to me when he quitted, nor for two days after—he left on the Friday, and the quarterday was on the Sunday—I do not know whether I have mentioned before that I saw Samuel Edge in the garden with Miller—I should think I have mentioned it, if I have not I did not know it was necessary—it is no interest to me—I should never have prosecuted him—I come here from day to day much against my inclination.





ROBERT CARR
. I am an ironmonger, and live in King-street, Hammersmith. On the 24th of Sept., about twelve or one o'clock, Miller came to my shop, and asked if I had got any fenders—I told him I had not anything

in the furnishing department—he did not say what he was—he said he had recntly given up business, and left his old furniture behind, and he thought he could buy new for as little as it would cost to remove his old—I said it would be so if he came any distance—he said he had taken No. 1, St. Peter's Cottages, and he should want a few things, that his servant would look in in the evening, and select a few—he gave me his card, which was left at Worship-street—between nine and ten the same evening, Charlotte Edge came—she selected a broom, and three other articles—she said Mr. Miller, her master, had seen me in the morning, and she requested the things to be sent home the first thing in the morning to Mr. Miller's, No. 1, St. Peter's Cottages, and my boy took them home the next morning, Wednesday, the 25th of Sept.—on the same day an old lady, dressed very smartly, who I believe was Dawers, looked in at dusk, just as we were lighting the gas—she said her servant would look in that evening for a few things, that Mr. Miller would be at home on Friday, and the bill was to be made out then—between nine and ten that evening Charlotte Edge came again, and looked out several more articles, and amongst the rest two bottlejacks, which were to be sent for choice—they were not sold, and they were particularly requested to be sent home on the following morning—on the next morning, Thursday, Sept. the 26th, I and my boy took them, between eight and nine o'clock, to No. 1, St. Peter's Cottages—my boy delivered them to a man—I saw the person, but I did not exactly distinguish who it was—on that same evening Charlotte Edge looked in again between nine and ten o'clock—she told me her master quite approved of the candlesticks she had the other night, and would I let her have another pair?—she selected several other things, and desired them to be sent home—she particularly told me to send the bill in on Friday morning, and leave a space for the bottlejack, which they kept, to be put in—I requested her to let me send the things home in the morning, as I could not that night—she said, "No, I will take them myself "—I consented, and she took them home to save me the trouble of sending—on the Friday morning, the 27th, I was sweeping my shopoutside, and Mr. Giblett spoke to me, and I ran off to the policestation—I then went to the house, and the prisoners were all gone.





WILLIAM HENRY DUBOIS
 (police-sergeant N 14.) On the 17th of Oct. I went to No. 3, Richard-street, Islington, and apprehended Charlotte Edge—I told her I wanted her for defrauding different tradespeople—she said, "Do you?"





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) I took Samuel Edge at No. 3, Richard-street—I told him I wanted him for different frauds and felonies, and asked him if his name was not Edge—he said, "You seem to know all about it."





FREDERICK COLE
. I live in St. Peter's-place. About six o'clock in the morning, on the 27th of Sept., I saw four or five persons busily engaged gaged in removing goods, and, to the best of my recollection, the two prisoners Edge were there—I rang Mr. Giblett's bell, and then the horse and van all moved away—the name of Edge was on the van.

MILLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 57.—


Transported for Seven Years
.

SAMUEL EDGE—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—



Confined Eighteen Months
.

DAWERS—


NOT GUILTY
. CHARLOTTE EDGE—


NOT GUILTY
.
(See pages 106 and 108.)
