



230. 




GEORGE HAYNES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of Nov., 1 wooden bowl, value 6d.; 3 sixpences, 1 groat, 24 pence, 93 halfpence and 5 farthings; the property of 



Maria Bainbridge and another; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARIA BAINBRIDGE
. I am partner with my Mary; we are bakers, at Tottenham. We had a wooden bowl on the mantel-piece in our shop, which contained, I suppose, about 8s. worth of copper money—we have a muffin-stove under the mantel-piece, and on it were three or four sixpences and a fourpenny-piece—I saw them all safe from seven o'clock to ten minutes past seven on the 30th of Nov.





MARY BAINBRIDGE
. I am partner with my sister. On the 30th of Nov. we lost a bowl of copper from the mantel-piece—I saw it about twenty minutes before it was lost—this penny and this halfpenny (looking at them) were in the bowl before it was lost.





STEPHEN HENRY SMITH
. I am errand-boy to Mrs. Bainbridge. On Friday, the 29th of Nov. I received from Mr. Shadbolt this penny, (looking at one), which I gave to my mistress.





LEWIS GREY
. I am a gardener, and live at Tottenham. On Saturday, the 30th of Nov., I was passing the prosecutrix's shop about ten minutes past seven o'clock, and saw a boy come out resembling the prisoner—I could not swear to him—he went to another boy standing on the path—they had a few words together, and then withdrew.





RICHARD SINCLAIR
. I received information on the 30th of Nov., and apprehended the prisoner at a lodging house at Edmonton—he had no clothes on—his clothes were under his head, as he was in bed—there was no one in bed but him—I searched his clothes, and found twenty-four

pence, ninety-three half-pence, and five-farthings, and in his shirt I found three sixpences and one groat, which I produce—amongst it was this penny and halfpenny, which the prosecutrix identifies—I asked the prisoner where he got this halfpenny from—his answer was, "You are not going to get it out of me this time as you did before."





RICHARD WINTER
 (police-constable N 350.) I produce a certificated of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Clerkenwell—(read—"Convicted on the 1st of January, in the 7th Vict., and sentenced to three months' imprisonment, and whipped.")—he is the boy.




GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
