



840. 




LOUISA SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of February, 1 watch-key, value 1d.; 1 key, value 6d.; 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, 4 halfpence, and 1 farthing; the property of 



Ernest Leverett Foster, from his person.






ERNEST LEVERETT FOSTER
. I am a chaser, and live in Bateman's-buildings, Soho-square. Early in the morning of the 25th of February I met the prisoner in Sutton-street, and went with her to a house in Crown-street—I had my money in my pocket when I went into the room—after I had been there a short time I missed my money, and charged her with taking it—she used very bad language, and I was obliged to call the policeman—I then saw him take the money off the top of the bed—I had not been on the bed—I was sober at the time.





CHARLES POCOCK
 (police-constable F 116.) I was on duty between one and two o'clock in the morning of the 25th of February, in Crown-street—I beard a call for the police, and I went to the house—the prosecutor accused the prisoner of robbing him of a half-sovereign, a shilling, and two half-crowns—I took, her into the room on the first floor—she went to the bed, laid hold of the bed-clothes, and said, "This is the bed the gentleman was on with me"—she dropped the money from her hand on the bed, and pulled the counterpane over it—I found a half-sovereign, a half-crown, a shilling, a sixpence, 2 1/4 d., and two keys—these are them—(producing them)—I told

the prisoner she had dropped it on the bed—she denied it, and said it must have got out of the prosecutor's pocket on the bed—when we got to the street one half-crown fell from the prisoner's person—the prosecutor took it up, and gave it to me—I had previously asked her where the two half-crowns were, and she said she had not got them—she pretended to be intoxicated, and when we got to another street she fell down on a grating, and I heard two distinct pieces of money fall down.

Prisoner's Defence. That which fell from me was my latch-key, and a shilling which the gentleman gave me for going with him—the half-crown that fell from my bosom was one of my own.

MR. FOSTER
re-examined. I had given her a shilling, but not a half-crown.




GUILTY.* Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.
