



2317. 




JOHN ROBERTSON
 was indicted

 for stealing 3 ¾ lbs. of cochineal, value 18s. 9d.; the goods of the 

East and West India Dock Company, his masters.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.







WILLIAM LONG.
 I am a constable at the East and West India Docks. On the 5th of Oct., about ten minutes past four in the afternoon, I was at the gate—the prisoner came out—I called him by name, he would not answer—I ran after him, took hold of his arm, told him I wanted to speak to him, and asked him if he had anything in his hat—I thought he had by the position of it—he said he had got nothing there—I brought him into the box, took off his hat, and found in it 3 3/4 lbs. weight of cochineal—I asked how he came by it—he said he did not know, he found it in his hat, and did not know who put it in—I searched further, and found 1/2lb. more cochineal in his coat-pocket—it is worth about 4s. a pound—the prisoner was foreman of a warehouse, and he had a great many persons under him—it was not usual to rub the prisoner down when he left the docks—the foreman are not rubbed down.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON.
Q. You have not missed any cochineal? A. No—the prisoner had the superintendence of the floor—I do not know that he has to return the same amount of cochineal that is given to him—I am not in that floor myself—I have known him there ten or twelve years.





FINNEY HARRISON.
 I am warehouse-keeper in the Docks—the prisoner was foreman there—I have no doubt about this cochineal being the property of the Dock Company—the prisoner is employed where it is exposed constantly—he had the opportunity of taking it to the greatest extent.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe he is responsible for the quantity of cochineal that is brought down. A. Undoubtedly; when the bags are re-weighed after the garbling, they are expected to return the weight that is given them, minus the dust and the garbling—the dust flying away from it, it is not possible to charge him with that.
Mr. Hazlewood, a beer-seller, of Redcross-place; Mr. Ratley, a tin-plate worker; and Mr. Barrett, a baker; gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY. Aged 44.—


Transported for Seven Years.

