




1257. 




CHARLES KNIGHT
 and 



JOHN TAYLOR
 were again indicted for

stealing, on the 
24th of March, 1 mare, price 4l. 10s., the property of 



William Paul Mellish.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PAUL MELLISH
. I live at Wands-worth. On the 24th of March I had a brown mare with three white feet, a white face, and a long tail—I turned her out on Wands worth-common, and fettered her feet to prevent her straying—next morning, at six o'clock, she was gone—I gave information at the station, and on the Friday the prisoner Knight was brought to me in custody, in Smithfield—I went with him to White's slaughter-house in Whitechapel, and found my mare there—the prisoner was allowed to go away—the mare had her tail cut, and her heels trimmed when I found her—she had cost me 4l. 10s. four months before.





HANNAH SMITH
. I live at No. 18, James-street, Walworth. The prisoner Knight took a house of me on the 20th of March—he was alone—I saw him in the house on the 25th of March, and Taylor was riding a horse up and down the street—he went to the house where Knight was, got off the horse, led it through into the yard, and tied it up—it had a white face—next morning I saw Taylor in the yard, trimming the horse—Knight was present.





BENJAMIN WHITE
. I live in Thomas-street, Whitechapel. On Friday

morning Knight brought me the mare in question, and wanted a sovereign for it—he said he came from White-square, Clapham—I asked who recommended him to me—he said, a gentleman in Berraondsey-street—I asked where he lived himself—he said, in White-square, Clapham—I offered him 15s. for her—he went outside with her, came back, and said he would take 16s. for her, which I gave him—in consequence of information, I went out afterwards to look after Knight—I found him with Taylor, at Aldgate—they were walking together—I brought him back to my shed.





WILLIAM READ
. I apprehended the prisoners together.

KNIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

TAYLOR—


NOT GUILTY
.
