



1311. 




WILLIAM JOHNSON, alias
 Greeley

, was indicted

 for feloniously uttering, on the 
20th of March, a forged order for the payment of 5l., knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud 



William Tucker.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM TUCKER
. I am a poulterer in the Strand—I also deal in Welsh mutton. On Saturday afternoon, the 20th of March, between three and five o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop and asked for some Welsh mutton for Mr. Tucker, of Long-acre, who is a customer of mine—my man weighed the mutton, and I made out the bill—it was 20s. or 22s.—the prisoner tendered this cheque, on the back of which was written "Richard Tucker, Long-acre"—I took it, and gave the prisoner the change—I put the cheque into the till with my other money, and paid it in to Messrs. Twinings, my bankers, on the Monday—it was returned in due course, saying, "No account"—I then went to Mr. Tucker's.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How do yon know the prisoner? A. From looking at him particularly—I believe him to be the man—I am not aware that there is a person about town very like him—he handed me the cheque—I did not know him before—it is a face I have seen some-where—I cannot say where—I do not think he had gloves on—coming as a butcher, I think I should have noticed if he had—there was nothing particular about his hands which struck me—(the prisoner here exhibited his hands, on each of which the two middle fingers were joined together as one)—they are certainly very remarkable hands—I put the change on the counter, and saw him take it up, but did not observe that peculiarity.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Can you positively say he had no gloves on? A. No, but he might have given me the cheque with his finger and thumb, without my noticing that deformity.





RICHARD TUCKER
. I am a butcher in Long-acre. I know the prisoner, and have had dealings with him at times—the name, "Richard Tucker" on this cheque, was not written by me, nor by my authority—I did not send the prisoner to the prosecutor's on the 20th of March for any mutton—I never saw him write.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you known the prisoner long? A. Two or three years—he used to sell Welsh mutton in Newgate-market.

JURY. Q. Were you aware of the deformity in his hands? A. No, I never noticed it—I have had twenty or thirty transactions with him.





JAMES ASHTON
. I am a clerk in the London and Westminster Bank, Lothbury. This is one of their forms of cheque—no person named John Fenwick keeps an account there now, nor did at the date of this cheque.





JOHN DEAR
 (City police-constable, No. 276.) I apprehended the prisoner on Saturday evening, the 3rd of April, in a passage leading to New-gate-market—I said, "Greeley, I want to speak to you"—he came on one side—I told him he was charged by Mr. Tucker, of the Strand, with passing, a cheque for 5l., and that it was forged—he then said, "My name is not Greeley, it is Johnson"—I took him to the station, searched him, and found on him a 10l. cheque on the same bank, and a flash—note for 50l.—the inspector desired me to take him to the Compter—as we were going there, he said, "It is all over, I did it, but I did not fill up the cheque myself"—I desired him not to say any thing to me unless he liked, and he did not say any thing more.

Cross-examined. Q. You are quite accurate as to the words he used?


A. Yes—I am sure he said, "It is all over," and "I did not fill up the cheque myself—those were the words—the cheque and note is all I found on him—I found 1d., and a knife, and a surer pencil-case—I think they are at the station—I also found on him a duplicate for a ring, and a duplicate for a pair of trowsers—I forgot that at the moment.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Have the note and cheque ever been out of your possession? A. No.

MR. PHILLIPS
called






JOHN RONDO
. I am in the employ of Mr. Drew, a poulterer in Fins—bury-pavement. About a week before I went to Guildhall, a young man came to my master's, and presented a forged cheque—I saw the person when he presented it—my master went to Guildhall about it—I was afterwards sent for by Mr. Alderman Hnmphery, and saw the prisoner there—he is not the person who presented the cheque—he is not like the person in features—he is about the same height and age—I had a greater opportunity of seeing the person than my master—after my master had sworn to him, he was not exactly positive, and sent for me on that account—he thought the prisoner was the man, but was not positive.

MR. RYLAND. Q. You had no difficulty in distinguishing between the prisoner and the man? A. No.





JOHN DEAR

re-examined. (Looking at his deposition.) This is my handwriting—it was read over to me before I swore to it—I was desired to attend to it, and paid attention when it was read—it was written by Mr. Newman, a clerk in the office at Guildhall—(the witness's deposition being read, omitted the words, "He said it is all over," but stated, "He said I know I have done it, but I did not write them myself.")
(John Menzies, formerly stage-coachman, Chapter House-court, St. Paul's; and M. E. Greeley, bookbinder, 27, Jewin-crescent, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor.


Transported for Seven Years.
