



1654. 




EDWARD FOX
 was indicted

 for feloniously threatening 



Ellis Emanuel with an abominable offence, with intent to extort money from him:—other COUTNS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLARKE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELLIS EMANUEL.
 I am an artificial flower-maker, and live in Greville-street, Hatton-garden. On the 15th of June, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, I was walking in Leicester-square—I saw some persons running—I ran with them, and saw some persons quarrelling—I stopped to look at them—the prisoner spoke to me—he was quite a stranger—he remarked that he would like to see the two men fight, there being a difference in their size—I said there was a great contrast in the, and they were badly matched—I walked away, and as I turned round by some wine vaults I felt a tap on my shoulder—I saw that it was the prisoner—he asked me what I was going to stand—I asked what he meant—he said if I did not give him some money or drink, he would call a policeman, and give me into custody for an indecent assault on him—I called him a rascal, and said if he did not be off I would call a policeman and give him into custody—I walked down James-street, till I came near the corner of the Haymarket—I saw a policeman—I went across to speak to him—the prisoner ran before me, and gave me is charge—I told him it was a false charge, because I would not stand drink or money, and said that I was the person who ought to give him into custody—I was taken into station and locked up all night—I was taken to Marlborough-street the next morning, where the prisoner made his statement to the Magistrate that I had indecently assaulted him—the Magistrate released me till the following Saturday—I went then, the prisoner did not appear, and I was discharged—I did not see the prisoner again till the policeman called at my house, and said that the prisoner was in custody—I went and found he was in custody—I had given my right address at the station, and asked the inspector whether he would take bail, and he would not—I had never seen the prisoner in my life till I saw him in Leicester-square between nine and ten o'clock that night.

Prisoner. You stood in the mob by St. George's-barrack-gate; there were several young men and girls standing. Witness. I was not at St. George's-barrack-gate at all that evening.





JAMES SIMMONS
 (police-constable B 118.) I was on duty on the 15th of June in James-street, Haymarket—I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner coming towards me—the prosecutor was walking in front; the prisoner was behind him two or three paces—when they came opposite me the prisoner called to me, "Policeman, I give this man in charge for indecently assaulting me near the barracks"—I said, "In what way?"—he said, "By putting his hand on my trowsers * * *"—the prosecutor replied, "It is no such thing; it is for the purpose of extorting drink or money from me; I refused to give it him"—they were both taken to the station, and the next morning to Marlborough-street—the prisoner was examined, and made his statement as he had done to the inspector the night before—the prosecutor was discharged on his own recognizance in 20l. to appear on the following Saturday—I was there that day—the prosecutor attended—the prisoner was not to be found, and the prosecutor was discharged—the prisoner gave his address at the Black Horse,

in York-street, Westminster—he did not know the number, nor the landlord's name—he said, "If you go there you will find I live there," and he gave the name of Fox—I went there, and the landlord said he did not know him—I have the charge-sheet, in which the prisoner and the prosecutor signed their addresses.

Prisoner's Defence. I did lodge at the Black Horse for two nights; I was standing on the 15th of June outside St. George's-barracks; there were several males and females there; I was standing behind a female; the prosecutor shoved into the crowd, and put his hand into the flap of my trowsers; he turned round, and ran into Whitecomb-street; when he got to James-street he walked on; I went, and said to him, "You ought to be ashamed to take liberties with a man; there are plenty unfortunate girls about the street, without taking liberties with a man;" he said, "You are mistaken in the person;" I said, "No, I am not; you are the person;" I gave him in charge; I mentioned nothing about money or drink; there is no foundation whatever for he is saying that I did; it was in Hemming's-row; I worked for Mr. Alderman Johnson, and at the Tower of London; I am innocent.




GUILTY. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

(There was another incident against the prisoner for a similar offence committed on the following day.)
