



628. 




JOHN SINCLAIR



, stealing 1 watch and chain, value 2l. 10s.; the goods of 



Peter Hunter; 1 pair of boots, 1l.; the goods of 



James Middleton; 1 pair of boots, 8s.; 1 shawl, 10s.; 1 towel, 6d.; and 1 pair of socks, 6d.; the goods of 



Andrew Moore







ANDREW MOORE
. The prisoner came to lodge with me on the last day of May, and left me on the 1st of June, at a quarter-past six o'clock in the morning—I then missed the articles stated—I next saw him at Clerkenwell, being tried for robbing lodging-houses, and he got six months for it—I had other lodgers, but they went out before he did—they returned, and he did not—I know the things were safe the night before—none of them have been found.





JAMES MIDDLETON
. I slept in the same room with the prisoner—I had a pair of boots safe a little before six o'clock that morning, when I went out to work—when I came back they were gone—no one slept in that room but the prisoner and I.





PETER HUNTER
. I lodged in the house—I lost a watch and a chain—I saw them safe before I went out, at six o'clock in the morning—they were gone when I returned.





ISABELLA MOORE
. I had put my boots, a crape shawl, and a towel, in a drawer in the prisoner's room—they were safe the night before, and at seven o'clock in the morning, on 1st June, I sent my husband up for a towel, and they were missing—the prisoner had gone away without notice, and never returned.





ANDREW MOORE

re-examined. The prisoner went out about a quarter-past six o'clock—I missed some of the things before seven—the watch was gone at breakfast time, at eight o'clock—no one saw the prisoner go out—the two young men who lodged in the house worked for Mr. Rennie, I went there, and they were there at si o'clock by the time-sheet—there was a little boy in the house, besides these lodgers—he staid with us four or five months after that—he is now in Yorkshire—when the prisoner went away he left an old pair of boots and socks, and went away in the others I suppose—I am sure the old ones were never there before.




GUILTY
.* Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

