



1012. 




JOHN EATON
 was again indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Henry Eld, and stealing 54 pairs of boots, value 25l., and 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.; the goods of 



James Towers,






WILLIAM HENRY ELD
. I am an appraiser, of 28, Denmark-street, in the parish of St. Giles's-in-the-Fields. I let the shop to Mr. Towers—on 8th March, between half-past ten and eleven at night, I went to bed—the house was fast; you cannot get into the shop without coming through my private door

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You were not the last person up? A. The lodgers might be up.





GEORGE GODDEN
 (policeman, F 128). On 8th March, about half-past twelve at night. I found Mr. Eld's door ajar; it was fast when I went my round about twelve—I went into the passage and called the landlord up—as he came down stairs the prisoner and two others rushed out of the shop—I caught hold of the prisoner and another—they all three struck me on the head and dragged me into the street—the prisoner fell down; he got up, and ran away—I never lost sight of him—I took him to the station—the other two escaped.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is the shop-door? A. At the corner of the street, but it shuts up with shutters, no one can get in there; the other door is two or three yards in the passage—I took the prisoner about a hundred yards from the house, and am sure of him—he turned a corner, but I did not lose sight of him—he was stopped—I was not six yards behind him.





JOHN HOBBS FROST
 (policeman, F 23). I heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—I saw the prisoner coming as hard as he could—I stopped him—he said that was all he got for doing police duty.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was Godden? A. Six or seven yards behind.





JOSEPH BARFIELD
. I lodged with Mr. Eld. On 9th of March, between twelve and one o'clock in the morning my dog barked; I went down and found a policeman in the passage—I said, "What do you want?" and before he could answer, three men rushed out—the prisoner was the third; he struggled with Godden—they both fell in the passage, and again in the street—the prisoner ran, and Godden after him—I picked up a hat where the prisoner fell, and took it to the station—he said, "That is my hat, give it to me"—I returned to the house and found a bag full of boots with the mouth to the ground, with another bag laid over it, and a pile of boots beside it, a key and padlock lay on the desk.

Cross-examined. Q. Does not the door open toward the stairs? A. Yes; but I could see—I had past it before they came out—the prisoner struck me in the face.





JOHN GIBBS
 (policeman, F 158). On this morning I went to Mr. Eld. I saw a bag of boots and shoes in the shop, and another empty on it—I produce this padlock and two keys; one key was in the door, it must have fitted by a person acquainted with the house.





WILLIAM GUMMER
. I am shopman to James Towers; I left the back shop-door fastened with a padlock and common lock—the front door was fastened—I

do not know either of these keys—the boots and shoes were all in their places when I left—the prisoner had come to the shop before that with a female, and bought a pair of ladies boots—a man was outside the shop, who appeared to be waiting for them—the prisoner asked to go backwards—he was gone about a second—the padlock was not in the door then, but the staple was—he passed the door.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not Mr. Towers say, any stranger could make a key to fit the padlock, and he suspected you? A. Yes; I was at home that night, at 14, Stacey-street—I take the keys with me—I bring the boots in from the door, and put them on the floor at night.

MR. COOPER. Q. You had no hand in making these keys? A. No, I never saw them before.




GUILTY
.* Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

