




2059. 



THOMAS CONOLLY
 and 



WILLIAM REECE
 were indicted for

feloniously stabbing 



James Christopher Brockwell in the back, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. THOMPSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES CHRISTOPHER BROCKWELL
. I am a waterman, of Dock-gate. On 17th Oct., about one o'clock, I was in Tooley-street, and heard a cry of "Murder) "in Morgan's-lane—I ran down, and saw the prisoners—Conolly up with a knife and stabbed me in the back as soon as I got there, and Reece said, "Give it to him again"—I was taken to the hospital—I had not said or done anything to them.


PERCIVAL
PALMER. I am a waterman of Horsleydown—I was in Tooley-street, and saw the prisoners arm-in-arm—as soon as I met them Reece struck me and knocked me down—I called "Murder!" seeing Conolly with a knife—Brockwell came up, but had not spoken a word or done anything, before Conolly stabbed him in the back—Reece said, "Give it him again"—a policeman came and took them.

Reece. Q. Did I strike you? A. Yes first, in the back of the neck—I did not pretend to be drunk—I did not follow you till I was kicked—Brock-well said, "I feel some blood running down my back, I think I am stabbed"—it was after that Reece said, "Give it him again."





HENRY HUNT
 (policeman, M 82). I heard a cry of" Murder! "and went to Morgan's-lane—Palmer and Brockwell spoke to me—the prisoners were not there then—Palmer afterwards pointed out Conolly to me on a vessel at Griffins's wharf, and said he was the man that stabbed him—Conolly pulled the knife out of a sheath round his waist, and said, "Yes, I am the boy, and this is the knife that done it: I done all I could for to do for him"—he repeated that more than once or twice on the way to the station—he had been drinking, but was perfectly sensible, and could walk well—it was about one o'clock in the morning.





WILLIAM SOP
 (policeman, M 162). I heard a cry of" Murder! "near where I saw Brockwell, supported by two men; blood was running from his back—Palmer went with me on board a ship at Griffin's Wharf, and pointed out Reece, who said, "Yes, I was there, I will go with you."





FREDERICK HEZEKIAH HARTSHORN
. I am assistant-surgeon at Guy's. On 17th Oct. Brock well was brought there—I found an incised wound on the right side of his spine, an inch and a half long and two inches deep—this knife would produce it—it was not dangerous of itself, but if it had penetrated directly, instead of obliquely, it would have penetrated the lungs—he continued there till last Monday, and is still an out-patient.

Conolly's Defence. Palmer staggered against Reece, pretending to be drunk, and struck him twice; I said, "Come and strike me, and I will give it you again; "he struck me three or four times; I struck him, and he

sung out for two men, who followed us, and called," Knife the br! knife him!" I then drew my sheath-knife, and told Palmer if he came near I would give him the knife; he came to strike me, and in throwing off the blow this happened—what was done it was I that did it, Reece was not near.

CONOLLY—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


REECE—


GUILTY

of an Assault: 



Confined Twelve Months.

