



2172. 




WILLIAM ANGLIS
 was indicted

 for assaulting 



Robert Calton, with intent to rob him; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT CALTON
. I live at No. 14, Kennington-green, and am a toymaker. On the 1st of Oct., just after twelve o'clock at night, I met the prisoner at the King's Arms, in Kennington-lane—I had been drinking, but was not much the worse for it—he said he knew me when I lived in the, Blackfriars-road—I had lived near there—I did not recognise him—we left

the house together—he said he was going my way, and followed me out—when I had got near my house he said he was a bricklayer and plasterer—when I got quite home he said, "I want you to go part of the way back with me," or something of the sort—I refused, and said I was going in-doors—immediately the words were out of my mouth he struck me right and left in the eyes, so that I could not see to protect myself—I was knocked down by him—he attempted with violence to open my coat, to get ray watch—he placed himself on the top of me, kneeling on me, and while I was down he struck me—he tried all he could to pull my coat open, to get my watch—I had my watch in my waistcoat pocket—I had not had it out while he was with me, but the guard was across my waistcoat, so that it could be seen—I called "Murder!"—the policeman came up immediately—when I got up I found my watch guard-chain broken, but whether it was done by him or myself I do not know—it had been broken and mended before—I have seen my watch-key produced by the police—I kept my key inside my pocket along with the watch, attached to the chain, but if the chain broke it would drop off—I had two black eyes, and my face was a good deal cut about.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were you not drunk before you met the prisoner? A. A little—I went with him to the Black Prince public-house at the corner of Cheshire-street—we had a little drink there—I could not be much more drunk than before, as we had very little to drink altogether—I did not go to any other house with him—I had had a drop—I was not drunk—there was another man with us—he was there only a very short time—we all three went out—he had some conversation with the prisoner—we were good friends at the public-house—I live about 200 or 300 yards from the Black Prince—he walked with me from there to my door—there was not a word of quarrelling; the greatest of kindness—when I refused to go back he gave me four or five blows—I did not give him one blow; I was not able—he tried to open my coat both before and after I was down.





THOMAS HENRY EVANS
. I keep the Black Prince public-house, Prince's-road, Lambeth. I saw the prosecutor and prisoner in my house a little after twelve o'clock—they appeared quite friends, and left together—while they were there I saw the prisoner showing a watch—he told Calton he would lend it to him, and requested him to take it several times, telling him he had often pledged it for a month's work when short of money—he took it from outside his coat pocket, and, partly concealing it with his hand, persuading him to take it—Calton was a little the worse for liquor, but knew perfectly well what he was about—the prisoner had been drinking a little, but I consider he assumed a good deal more than was the case, because at times he forgot himself, and spoke as well as I did, but at other times he was shamming drunkenness.





SAMUEL CHART
 (police-constable L 14.) On the morning of the 2nd of Oct. 1 heard a cry of "Murder!"—I ran towards Kennington-green, and when I got there I saw the prisoner rising up off the prosecutor—the prosecutor afterwards got up, and gave the prisoner in charge for knocking him down and trying to rob him of his watch—the prisoner said, "Me! I came to see you home"—the prosecutor said, "Yes, you villain," or "vagabond, and to rob me"—I did not notice that the prisoner had been drinking—the prosecutor appeared to have been—I picked up a watch-key at the station—the prisoner was at the station—it might have dropped from either him or the prosecutor—the prosecutor's face was covered with blood, and he had a cut under each eye—I went for a surgeon after he got home.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prisoner appear to have been drinking? A. Yes, I noticed it afterwards.


CHARLES BURGESS GOFF (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which 1 got from the office of the Clerk of Assize for the county of Surrey—(read-
Convicted 24th March, 1845, and confined one year)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

