



2023. 




JOHN JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of May, at 

Lewisham, 1 coat, value 2l. 10s.; and 2 pairs of shoes, 5s.; the goods of 



Frederick Kidman Parkinson: 2 shirts, 10s., the goods of 



William Newman: 1 pair of trowsers, 20s., the goods of 



James Parkinson: 1 scarf, 10s.; 2 pairs of gloves, 1s.; 1 box, 1s.; 1 watch, 15l.; 1 seal, 2l. 10s.; 1 watch-chain, 20s.; 1 key, 10s.; 1 guard-chain, 8l.; 1 pin, 5l.; and 1 coat, 2l. 10s.; the goods of 



George Thomas Parkinson: and 2 forks, 5s., the goods of



 George Heath Parkinson, in his dwelling-house.






GEORGE THOMAS PARKINSON
. I live at Evergreen-lodge, Lewisham, with my father, George Heath Parkinson. On Sunday, the 28th of May, I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock, leaving an enamelled watch, a gold chain, and a gold pin, on my drawers—I got out of bed at two o'olock in the morning, to see what time it was, and missed the watch and chain—I did not miss the pin till I dressed myself in the morning—I was not disturbed.





JAMES PARKINSON
. I am the witness's brother, and live with my father. I was at home on the night of the 29th of May—I am not aware that anything disturbed me, but I awoke about a quarter to two o'clock, got out of bed, and looked at my watch, which was safe then—about half an hour afterwards I was in bed, and had not gone to sleep again—I fancied I heard a noise of somebody walking up the back staircase—I listened about two minutes, and was then almost satisfied that I heard somebody go into the billiard-room—I got out of bed, and went into the billiard-room with a light—not finding anybody, I went down stairs, searched the house—I found nobody, and returned to my room—I got up, about half-past three, as I was going out—it was quite light then—I looked out of my window, and saw the prisoner in our meadow, adjoining our garden—I watched him—he was standing under a tree—I saw him pass over a stile in the rick-yard, and walk towards the gate of our stable yard—I went down, and met him at the gate—he had a bundle—I asked what business he had there at that time in the morning—he said he had lost his way across the fields coming from Bexley—I said he ought to be ashamed of himself for walking across people's grass in that way, and ordered him off the premises—he took the bundle with him—about four o'clock I was going to Farningham, and missed a great coat which had hung in the hall—I then suspected he had stolen it—I immediately went round and gave information to all the policemen I could find, and described him—I then went to Farningham—I returned in the evening, and found him in custody at New-cross, and the same bundle was in the custody of the

inspector—I afterwards examined my father's premises, and found under the billiard-room window the marks of a ladder, which corresponded with the feet of a ladder on the premises—the billiard-room window, I believe, had not been fastened at night—I did not go inside the billiard-room when I got up—I merely opened the door, and looked under the table—I examined the bundle which the inspector had, and found property in it which I recognise—here is the bundle—I know all the property in it—here is the watch belonging to my mother—it has been in my brother's possession some time—this is the coat I missed, and here are my trowsers, which I know were in the house the night before—here is another coat belonging to my brother—the prisoner did not appear at all intoxicated—it was Monday morning.





JOHN WHITE
 (policeman.) On the morning of the 29th of May, about five o'clock, I was on duty at New-cross, and saw the prisoner coming along with a bundle under his arm—I asked him what it contained—he said a coat—I asked where he brought it from—he said from Dartford—I asked where from there—he said his master—I asked where he was going to take it—he said to London, to his master's house—I said, "The coat on your back does not belong to you"—he said, "No, it belongs to my master"—I said, "Does he allow you to wear his clothes?"—he said, "Being a cold morning, he said I might put it on"—I asked if he had anything else in the bundle—he said, "Two pairs of shoes"—I took him to the station with the bundle, and found all these things in it—I said I would go to town with him to his master, to know whether he had authorised him to bring the things to London or not—I tied up the bundle—he said, "It is no use to go there, I picked it up in a ditch, on Bexley-heath"—I then searched him, and found this gold watch in his pocket, this coat on his back, and the rest of the things tied up in the handkerchief—next morning I showed the things to young Mr. Parkinson.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
 (police-sergeant.) I was at the station at Greenwich—after the prisoner had been locked up there three or four hours, I examined him, and found this pin stuck inside his jacket, and these two forks in his righthand trowsers-pocket.





GEORGE THOMAS PARKINSON

re-examined. This gold watch was the one I missed that night—it was my mother's—this gold pin and watch-chain is mine, and this coat—it was in the house the night before—this blue handkerchief belongs to me, and this coat belongs to my brother Frederick.

Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming to town this morning, I saw the bundle lying on Bexley-heath by the side of the road. I came across the fields on my road to London, and got out of the path, where the gentleman saw me.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

