



683. 




WILLIAM PIERCE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
14th of Jan., 3lbs. weight of worsted, value 9s., the goods of 



Thomas Hutton, his master; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES HUTTON
. I am in the employ of my father, Thomas Hutton, a silk and worsted manufacturer, in Newgate-street. The prisoner was in his employ—I received information; in consequence of which, I directed a policeman to station himself in the neighbourhood in plain clothes—on Saturday

evening, the 14th of Jan., while I was there, I saw the prisoner leave the premises—his pockets looked rather bulky—I followed him down Newgate-street, into Huggin-lane—he saw us in Carey-lane, and commenced running-Sickle followed, took him, and found on him 3lbs. of crimson worsted, part in each pocket—it was my father's—he had no right to have any about him-when we took him to Guildhall, he said some Welshman had a spite against him, and he had no doubt he had put it into his pocket.





ANDREW BESSELL
. I am the prosecutor's warehouseman—I have charge of one of the worsted rooms in the warehouse—the worsted is arranged on different shelves. On Monday morning I found a bundle of worsted was broken, and some gone—I have compared this worsted, and to the best of my belief it corresponds exactly—the prisoner had no right with it—I do not know where he was working that day.





WILLIAM SICKLE
 (City police-constable, No. 280.) I was with Hutton, watching the prosecutor's premises—I saw the prisoner come out—his coat pockets were both rather bulky—after I had followed him some time he saw us—he turned, looked round, and directly commenced running—I took him at the corner of Huggin-lane—I found three of these pieces in each pocket—they could not have been in his pocket without his knowing it.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not run; I did not know who was behind me; there is a Welshman there has a great spite against me.





JOHN SOMERFIELD
 (City police-constable, No. 533.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

