




1231. 




HENRY MILLER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Liddon, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 
30th of March, at 

St. Mary Magdalen, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 4 gowns, value 4l.; 1 shawl, value 15s.; 2 frocks, value 10s.; 1 apron, value 1s.; 3 decanters, value 5s.; 1 decanter-stand, value 5s.; 2 candlesticks, value 12s.; 3 tumblers, value 3s.; 2 salt-cellars, value 2s. 6d.; 1 printed book, value 8s.; 6 knives, value 3s. 6d.; and 6 forks, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Charles James Berry; and 



HENRY ASHER
, for 

feloniously receiving 3 decanters, 1 decanter-stand, 2 candlesticks, 3 tumblers, and 3 salt-cellars, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






ANN BERRY
. I am the wife of Charles James Berry, a tailor, in Sermon-lane, Doctors' Commons, in the parish of St. Mary Magdalen. Miller was formerly in our employ for eight or nine months, and left about a twelvemonth ago—on Monday night, the 30th of March, I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock—I was the last person up—the windows and doors were all safe—I got up at half-past seven o'clock in the morning, and found the parlour-window open—the shutters had not been shut—we never shut them—it is in a back yard—the window had been shut down quite tight at night, but any body could lift it up—there is no fastening to it—there are gates to the back yard, which are shut at night, and bolted inside—the porter is the first person to open them—I found them open in the morning—they were bolted the night before—I missed the articles stated in the indictment from the parlour—they were all safe the night before—they were worth more than 10l. to me—I should not think they would sell for that—they would fetch more than 5l.—one of the silk dresses was worth 4l.—I can safely say they were worth more than 5l.—on the Thursday following I saw the lustre, cruet-stand, and glasses at the prisoner Asher's house, in Petticoat-lane—I found the Bible in Kingsland-road, the knives and forks at and there place, and the tumblers and salts were found next day in Asher's house—he is a Jew, and deals in glass.





MARTIN COPPARD
. I am the porter. I found the gate open at twenty minutes to five o'clock, when I went to it—I did not notice Berry's window till about half an hour afterwards—I then found it open—I had been about my work during that time in the upper part of the house.





GEORGE CARSON
 (City police-constable, No. 183.) On Thursday, the

2nd of April, I was on duty in Doctors' Commons—the prisoner Miller came up to me in Great Knight Ryder-street, and asked if I had heard any thing of the robbery in Sermon-lane on Monday evening—I told him I had heard of it on Tuesday morning—he told me he was the man who did it—I looked hard at him, and asked why he should say that he did it, and what his name was—he said his name was Henry Miller—I said that was the name the people of the house said they suspected—I asked how he got in, because the back of the premises come into Sermon-lane—he said he went through the back-door, which was never shut till ten o'clock at night, went through the passage, through a small kitchen into the back-yard, and concealed himself in a dust-hole till past twelve o'clock at night: then got out of the dust-hole, lifted up the parlour-window, went in, and took the property, and that he left the place about five o'clock in the morning.





GEORGE EDIS EVANS
. I am a City police-sergeant. I saw Miller at the station-house—I searched him, and asked if he had any duplicates—he said it was useless to look for duplicates, for he had sold the property in Petticoat-lane; that he had sold the dresses to two different people, opposite the dead wall in Petticoat-lane, for 23s., and the glass to a different person—I found by his direction some glasses at No. 1, Raven-row, Spitalfields—these are them—the lustres, decanter, and frame, were found on the Thursday afternoon by his direction at Asher's—there was a woman in the shop when I first went to Asher's—Asher stated that he bought them in a tot of a man on Tuesday morning, for 8s.—the three tumblers and salt-cellars he said he bad sold, but would get them back on Friday, and I went to him, and he had them ready for me—they were included in what he said he had bought of the man in a lot.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARSON. Q. You did not find out that he had made one misrepresentation from first to last? A. Not the least—the liquor-stand was cleaned when I saw it—the copper is all through it—the tumblers are heavy, I believe part of them are cut—I believe the decanters are cut—I saw Asher's wife when I first went—she at once said such things had been bought, and sent for her husband—he gave me an account of them without hesitation—he was taken to the station-house, and bound over in 20l. to appear on Monday—he did appear—I have known him living there for three or four years.





THOMAS EALEY
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a Bible which was pawned by Miller, on the 1st of April.





JOHN SCHAFFER
. I am a pawnbroker. I have six knives and forks pawned by Miller on the 1st of April.





ANN BERRY

re-examined. I know all this property found at Asher's is mine—I do not know how much it is worth—we rent the house—James Liddon is the landlord, and occupies part of it with his business, but he does not live in it—he is there every day—his part is separated from the rest—he has the upper part, and we the lower part, but all his men go through our premises—there is no separation between the two—we pay him rent, and he pays the rates.

MILLER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.

ASHER—


NOT GUILTY
.
