



1441. 




RICHARD BURKE, alias
 Peter Crawley

, was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a counterfeit shilling, having been previously convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint. I produce an examined copy of the record of the conviction of Richard Burke at this Court, in Sept., 1845—I have examined it with the original in Mr. Clark's office—it is correct—(read.)





GEORGE ANDERSON
 (police-constable D 136.) I was present at the prisoner's trial last Sept.—he is the person mentioned in the record as being convicted.





GEORGE BRANMAN
. I am a baker, and live at St. George's in the East. On the 24th of June the prisoner came to my shop—Mary Ann Call assisted in serving—the prisoner asked for a two-pound loaf, which came to 3 1/2 d., and tendered a shilling—I examined it—it was bad—I asked where he got it—he said his brother sent him—I told him it was bad—he made no answer—I said I would keep it till his brother came for it—he went away—in consequence of suspicion, I went out, watched him, and saw him join two young men older than himself, about 100 steps from my shop—they walked together into the Commercial-road—then the prisoner went into Mr. Hunter's shop he came out, and then I only saw one of the others with him—I pointed him out to a policeman; I went into Hunter's shop, he produced a shilling—he with me to the station, and found the prisoner in custody—I gave

Manners the shilling he tendered to me—I had kept it separate from other money—I left it in the shop when I went out, separate from other money, and when I came back I found it in the same place, on a sack—I left the shop in charge of Call, and found her there when I came back—I am certain the prisoner is the boy.





MARY ANN CALL
. I am servant to the last witness. On the 24th of June I saw the prisoner in the shop—he produced a shilling—I did not see where my master put it—he went out, and came back—no one had been in the shop in the meantime—I had not interfered with any shilling—I did not see him take the shilling off the sack.





JOHN HUNTER
. I am a baker, in Commercial-road, about three minutes' walk from Mr. Branman's. On the 24th of June the prisoner came into my shop with another boy—the prisoner asked for a threepenny cottage loaf—I said there was none, they were 3 1/2 d.—he put his hand in the window, took a loaf out, said, "I will have this," and tendered me a shilling—I gave him the change, and he went out—George Branman came in in about a minute, and made a communication to me—I looked at the shilling I had received—I found it among the fourpenny pieces—there are divisions in my till—I found it where there were no other shillings—I am certain it is the one I received from the prisoner—I found it was bad, and gave it to Manners, who brought the prisoner to the shop soon after—I gave the prisoner a sixpence and 2 1/2 d.





JOSEPH MANNERS
 (police-constable K 231.) On the 24th of June, in coo-sequence of information from Mr. Branman, I took the prisoner in charge—I searched him in Hunter's shop, and found a sixpence and 2 1/2 d. on him—I received a shilling from Hunter, and another from Branman, which I produce.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint, and have been so many years. The two shillings produced are both counterfeit, and both cast in the same mould.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The prisoner had been twice convicted of felony, besides the time charged in the indictment.)

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

