



682. 




SARAH MEERES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of January, 2 shillings, 1 sixpence, 4 pence, 8 halfpence, and 1 farthing, the monies of 



William Henry Torrington, from his person.






WILLIAM HENRY TORRINGTON
. I am a tinman, and am about sixteen years old—I work for Mr. Sacker of Bow. On the 25th of January I was going home, and called at Mr. Butler's the butcher, in Whitechapel, on an errand for my mother—I met the prisoner by Whitechapel church, about ten minutes past twelve o'clock at night—I had not known her before—I went into a shop and bought a pork-pie, and as I came out the prisoner asked me for the pie, and said she was very hungry—I gave it to her, and then I was going up Brick-lane—she laid hold of my arm, and she would not let me go—we went on to the first turning, and she said, "You had better come home with me"—I told her I must go, as my mother expected me home every minute—she said, "Never mind, you shall come home and have a night's lodging for sixpence"—I said I could not stop, but she would not let me go—I went home with her to a house in Went worth-street—she then said I must pay for the room—I gave her a shilling, and she kept it all—she said she meant to keep that; and then she asked for sixpence, and I told her I could not give it her—she kept on asking me, and I gave it her—she then said if I did not give her another shilling she would would beat my skull in with a patten—we were on the bed together about ten minutes—I had got this little tin box with 2s. 6d. in it, and the halfpence were in my pocket—she took the box out of my pocket twice—I took it from her, I took the money out of the box, and put it into my waistcoat-pocket—we came out, and after I had

been out about two minutes I put my band into my pocket to feel for my money, and it was all gone—I did not say any thing to her, but I came on till I saw a policeman, and I told him—I have not got my money—I had a farthing amongst my copper, and 8d. or 9d. beside.





ALLEN PIPE
. I am a policeman. I met the prosecutor—he said the prisoner had robbed him—I asked her how much money she had got—she said 2s. or 3s.—I said, "Let us look," and I found on her four shillings; one sixpence, 5d. in halfpence, and one farthing—she said she had money before, and he had given her some.





WILLIAM HENRY TORRINGTON

re-examined. I gave her no more than the shilling and the sixpence.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along—he spoke to another girl who was with me—she went away—he came to me, he took me, and got a quartern of gin—he chucked down a half-crown, and said, "Will you have a pie?"—I said, "I don't mind," and then he went with me to this place, but as for striking him I did not.





WILLIAM HENRY TORRINGTON

re-examined, I did not give her any gin.




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
