




1732. 




JOHN WHITE
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 




Edward Langford, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD LANGFORD
. I am an officer in the Navy. On Monday evening, the 3rd of Aug., about nine o'clock, I was walking in Waterloo-road, and near the Victoria Theatre the officer spoke to me, and, in consequence of what he said, I felt in my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, which I had had safe about a quarter of an hour before—I have not seen it since.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. It was dark, was it not? A. Getting dark—it was about ten minutes before nine o'clock.





WILLIAM COOMBS
 (police-constable L 94.) I was on duty in Waterloo-road, in plain clothes—I saw the prisoner, about twenty minutes before nine o'clock, attempt to pick a gentleman's pocket—I watched, and saw him go afterwards to the prosecutor, and draw a white handkerchief out of his pocket, just uoder the gas-lamp of the theatre—he turned, and passed it to three females—they went back, and he followed the prosecutor—I went and spoke to the prosecutor—I then turned back and took the prisoner—he said, "I bave not robbed the gentleman; I have not touched the pocket; I have been with three females"—I said, "I know you have, and you have given the handkerchief to them."

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you followed him? A. About twenty minutes—I was on the opposite side of the way—the theatre was not open at that time—there were no other persons there—I saw the prisoner speak to the females—the prosecutor was not above eight yards in front of the prisoner when I told him—the females had turned back, and gone the other way.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-sergeant L 8.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, at Newington—(read—Convicted 17th March, 1845, and confined twelve months)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years
,

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

