



1314. 




JOSEPH SPENCER, alias William Knight
, was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 



James Joyce, and stealing 60 yards of muslin-de-laine, his property.






GEORGE WHITE
. I am porter to Mr. Joyce, of Bell-yard, Warwick-lane. On Friday, the 5th of June, at eight o'clock at night, I examined all the windows, locked up the warehouse, and took the keys away with me—I went again on Saturday morning, at half-past four, and found the things all lying about the warehouse—I found one of the counting-house windows open, which had been shut the night before, to the best of my knowledge—the sash was pulled down—it is a window that is very seldom opened.





EDMUND GRAHAM
. I am ten years old, and live with my father in Crown-court, Warwick-lane. I have known the prisoner about a month—I knew him well—he used to work at the Bell Inn—I saw him there on Friday, the 5th of June, about eleven o'clock at night—he said he would give me a penny if I would creep under the gate and let him in, because he wanted to go to bed, he was shut out—I had often seen him in the yard—I got under the gate and let him in.





JAMES JOYCE
. I keep the wagon-office at the Bell Inn-yard. On Friday, the 5th of June, I had a bale of goods of Lidyard's, to be sent into the country—I saw it safe between seven and eight o'clock—it is the porter's business to lock up the warehouse—on Saturday morning I was sent for by the porter, and saw a great many bales and boxes broken open, and this with the rest—there were a great many things lying about the warehouse—I informed the police—the prisoner had been in my service, and had left two or three weeks.





THOMAS WILLIAM TAYLOR
. I am porter to Messrs. Lidyard of Friday-street, warehousemen. I had sent a bale of muslin-de-laine dresses to Mr. Joyce, on Friday—I was sent for to the Bell, and found five dresses deficient—these

are the dresses that were in the bale—(looking at them)—I have no doubt about it—they are the same pattern—there is the stamp of our house, and also our name upon them.





JOHN SIMPSON MANDERSON
. I know the dresses—these are the same goods.





THOMAS GREENHILL
. I am assistant to Mr. Greygoose, a pawnbroker of Crawford street. On the morning of the 6th of June, the prisoner came and offered these goods in pledge—I gave him in charge—he never left the shop.





HILL BECK
 (police-constable D 127.) I received the prisoner in charge—he said he bought them at Aylesbury for 14s., on Wednesday, the 4th; and bad laid on them, on the road, all that night and the night before.




GUILTY
of Stealing only.
 Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

