



2969. 




CHARLES MASON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of October, 6 handkerchiefs, value 9s., the goods of 



Henry Cove; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY WELLS
. I am assistant to Mr. Henry Cove, a linen-draper, at Tottenham. On the 24th of October I saw a young man, about the prisoner's size—I do not know whether the prisoner is like him or not—he came into Mr. Cove's shop and asked for a pennyworth of tape—there were six silk handkerchiefs on the counter, near to where he stood—I served him, and he left—he returned in two or three minutes, and asked for more tape, and wider than the other—he said some one had hurt his leg, and he wanted it for it—I served him, and he went out—I think I should know the two pieces of tape again which he had—I did not miss the handkerchiefs till the next morning, when I saw the prisoner in custody—these handkerchiefs produced are exactly like those I missed, and these are the pieces of tape I sold to the person—here are the pieces they came off.





WILLIAM SHANKS
 (police-constable N 27.) At half-past one o'clock in the morning of the 25th of October I was on duty at Stoke Newington—I saw the prisoner in High-street, and then I saw him cross the road to a companion—I met them again in Bowling Green-street—I stopped his companion, and the prisoner went on—I let his companion go, and went

after the prisoner, searched him, and found this cotton handkerchief in his breast-pocket—in taking him to the station I saw him drop some threads and these tapes, which I picked up—a short distance further this half-dozen silk handkerchiefs dropped from under his coat—I picked them up.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the handkerchiefs, for 4s. 6d., of a man in Kingsland-road; in the scuffle with the officer they dropped from me.





WILLIAM ROGERS
 (police-constable N 288.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
