




1803. 




WILLIAM BARNETT
 and 




GEORGE DAVIS
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




James Richardson, at 
Chiswick, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 20l.; 4 half-crowns, and 10 shillings, his property.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BLUNDELL
. I am a boat and barge builder at Strand-on-the-Green, next door but two to the City Barge public-house. On Friday evening, the 11th of Sept., about six o'clock, I was standing in front of my house and saw the two prisoners and another enter the public-house—I did not see them come out.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you ever seen Barnett before? A. No, my attention was called to him from his resemblance to a young man I knew very well.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You were not so certain of the others, were you? A. I recognised them all before the Magistrate—I felt more certain of Barnett than anybody else.





RACHAEL RICHARDSON
. I am the wife of James Richardson, who keeps the City Barge public-house at Strand-on-the-Green, in the parish of Chiswick. On the evening of the 11th of Sept., I saw the prisoner Davis in my house—I recollect him perfectly well—there were two more with him—I cannot recognise Barnett—I first saw them at the foot of the stairs—they were going up stairs—I went up two or three stairs to see if my bed-room door was shut—I considered it was, and did not go up further—they stood on the stairs and asked me for 6d. worth of gin and cold water—I cannot say who spoke to me—they also ordered a glass of ale—I saw the man who is not in custody—I only recognised him by his dress, not by his features—in about a quarter of an hour after, in consequence of something my daughter said to me, I went up about three stairs, and saw a person in a light dress pass from my bed-room door—it was M'Lean, who has escaped—he went from my bed-room door into the front room in great haste—I came down stairs and made the gin-and-water—Davis was then standing at the kitchen door, down stairs, waiting for the gin-and-water, at the time I stepped up stairs—I thought I heard

somebody at my bed-room door, and went up, and saw M'Lean—when I cane down again Davis stood at the kitchen door drinking the gin-and-water—the other two came down stairs and they all went out together—they had been in the house about half an hour—directly they were gone I and my daughter went up to the bed-room—I unlocked the door myself, went to the drawer where I knew I had put a gold watch in the morning, and missed it—it was worth twenty guineas—I also missed about 1l. worth of silver from a basin in the same drawer—I have seen the watch since.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is there a tap-room below in your house? A. Yes, and a front room up stairs—there were no other people up stairs—there were two people down stairs sitting on a bench near the street door—they all five seemed to go out very nearly together—I cannot tell which went out first—the three men came down and went out, and I missed the whole five together.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you seen those two in the house before the three came in? A. No, they came in after them—I saw no communication between them.





ELIZABETH RICHARDSON
. I am the daughter of the last witness. On Friday evening, the 11th of Sept., between five and six o'clock, I was dressing in a room adjoining my mother's bed-room—I heard somebody come up stain and then come to my mother's room—I heard them say," Oh, it is a bed-room," and they walked into the front room—I came out of my room—(I go through my mother's room to mine) and bolted my mother's room door inside, and went back to my own room—I had not shut my room door—I afterwards, heard people trying the door of my mother's room—I came to the door, looked through the key-hole, and saw light plaid trowsers, and heard somebody go into the front room—I went back to my own room—they came to the door again—I went from my room, looked through the key-hole of my mother's room again, and saw the same trowsers—somebody was rattling at the door—I walked a little way from the door, and called out, "Who is there?"—I did not receive an answer—I heard them walk back again to the front room—I dressed as quickly as I could, locked my mother's door outside, went down I to my mother, and took the key with me—I found the door bolted inside just the same when I came out from dressing—I was obliged to unbolt it to come out—when I went down the prisoner Davis came out of the front room, followed me down stairs, and asked for a spitoon, which my mother gave him—he took it up stairs—in three or four minutes he came down again with two glasses, one to be filled with gin-and-water and another with ale—they had been drinking out of the glasses—he came down for more—he did not take them up stairs—he had them at the kitchen door, and the other two men came down stairs—I knew the others—the one in the light dress was M'Lean, who has escaped—they all three went out together—I went up to the room with my mother—it was about ten minutes after I had come down—we found the door locked.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you gave Davis the gin-and-water and ale the other two were up stairs? A. Yes, as I gave it into to his hand I saw them walking down stairs.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What trowsers had M'Lean? A. A small plaid, corresponding with the trowsers I saw—I do not know who drank the gin-andwater and ale—there were two empty glasses left—I cannot say whether Davis had drank any at the time the other two came down.





SARAH PICKTON
. I am the wife of Edward Pickton, and live next door to the City Barge public-house. On Friday evening, the 11th of Sept. between five and six o'clock, nearer to six, I was standing at my door, and saw three

men come out of the City Barge and go towards Chiswick—I know Barnett to be one of them—I lost sight of them about four yards from my house—the houses project, which prevented my seeing them further.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Are you a friend of Mr. Blundell's? A. No, we are neighbours—I particularly noticed Barnett, because he resembled a person I had seen before, named Mr. Henry Perring.





CHARLES BLUNDELL

re-examined. The party he resembled, who I knew, was named Samuel—I do not know his surname—he is a groom—I do not know Perring.





SARAH PICKTON

re-examined, Perring is not a groom—he is a tradesman.





WILLIAM MARSH
 (police-constable T 62.) On Friday evening, the 11th of Sept., between six and seven o'clock, nearer to six, I was on duty in the Great Western-road, and saw the two prisoners and M'Lean opposite the Pack-horse and Talbot, in the parish of Chiswick, the house nearest this way, they were all three walking and talking together, about a mile from the City Barge public-house—soon after they passed me some men came running up—from what they said I turned and ran after the prisoners—I jumped behind an omnibus and overtook them at the Coach and Horses—M'Lean was standing against the door—I passed him—he ran away—I went through into the back yard, saw Barnett and Davis, and took them—M'Lean was brought back in custody by Mr. Richardson and another—they were all taken to the station—I searched M'Lean and found on him these twenty-one skeleton-keys, a crowbar, a knife, 10s. in silver, and 3 3/4 d. in copper—he said he would give me 20l. or 50l. if I would let him do away with these things before he got to the station—I had never seen the prisoners together before—I did not try the skeleton-keys to the room door.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. M'Lean contrived to get away, did he not? A. Not from me—I do not know where he is—he got out of the cart which the gaoler was driving.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How far had you seen them walking and talking together from the house you found them at? A. A little better than a quarter of a mile.





WILLIAM ANDREW BAILEY
. I keep the Raven public-house, at Hammersmith, on the night of the 11th of Sept. and saw M'Lean running in the new-road, in a direction from the upper Pack Horse and Talbot—several persons were running after him—I stopped him, and saw him throw a watch over the hedge—I got over, took it up, and gave it to Marsh.





EDWARD SCOTNEY
 (police-sergeant.) I assisted in taking the prisoner—in going to the station I heard Barnett say to Davis "hook it"—I found 11s. in silver, 6d. in copper, a knife, and some keys on Davis; and 1s. 1 1/2 d., a diamond pin and a knife on Barnett, which were given up to him.





ELIZABETH RICHARDSON
, re-examined. Davis had gone up with the spitoon and come down again—I was explaining to my mother what I had heard—that took very little time, but I could not get her away from the bar to tell her at first—they all came down about five minutes after Davis had gone up with the spitoon.

BARNETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.
*†DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.





Transported for Ten Years
.

Before Mr. Baron Plat.
