



1614. 




WILLIAM POTTER



, for a robbery on 



James Russon, and stealing 1 neck-tie, and 1 hat, value 4s. 8 pence, and 4 halfpence; his property; bring been before convicted.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES RUSSON
. I am a tailor, at Uxbridge-street, Newington. On 4th June, between twelve and one o'clock in the morning, I was at the corner of Mint-street, Borough—I was surrounded by four or five people, who hustledme about very quick, and I felt hands in my pockets—the prisoner was one ofthe party—they rifled my pockets—I went down; I think I was knocked downby their feet—they unbuttoned my coat—the prisoner had hold of me—Icalled for assistance—I then felt my necktie go off—I cannot say whetherthe prisoner took it—the police came, and the men made off—the police pursued, and brought the prisoner back—I knew him, and he was taken to thestation—my hat was on the ground—I missed 10d. in copper—I at first saidit was 14s., but afterwards recollected paying my wife 12s.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You were attacked so suddenlythat you could not see the persons? A. I felt them very plainly—theprisoner remained after the others ran away—he had hold of me by thecollar.





JOHN DELANEY
 (policeman, M 100.) Between twelve and one o'clockon this morning I was on duty in the Borough, and saw several persons atthe corner of the Mint—I went up, and when within a few yards of themturned my light on, and saw the prisoner holding Russon by the collar—theystruggled—the prisoner had Russon's hat in his right hand—I distinctly sawhim pull the neck-tie off with his left hand—Russon said, "I am robbed"—the prisoner then threw the the with his left, and the hat with his right hand—the that fell on the ground, and the the on Russon's shoulder—I took it, andpursued the prisoner up Mint-street, and found him in a passage, standingbehind the door—I said, "I want you"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For robbing that man at Mint-street of his handkerchief—he said, "Ihave not robbed him; I was going to put it about his neck"—I took himback—Russon identified him.





ROBERT BRADFORD
 (policeman.) I was with Delaney, saw the crowd andthe prisoner with Russon's hat in his right, and the tie in his left hand—assoon as he saw me he chucked the hat on the pavement.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear Russon say he had been robbed. A. Yes.





HENRY HUNT
 (policeman, M 82.) I produce a certificate—(read—William Potter convicted April, 1847, confined twelve months)—I was present—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. **† Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
