




620. 




HENRY CHURCHLEY
 and 




JAMES WHITE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of January, 8lbs. weight of wool, value 12s., the goods of 



William Hall and another, the masters of 



Henry Churchley; to which Churchley pleaded





GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.

MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL HUNT
. I am errand-boy to Messrs. Lord and Hall, woolbrokers, in the Old Jewry—they occupy the back of Mr. Woolley's house—Churchley was in their service, and was in the habit of locking up. On the 16th of January I went on the premises after business hours with Churchley—we came out, and went to the corner of Old Jewry, he said, "Good night," and went up towards the Poultry, and I supposed he was going about his business—the next time I saw him he was in custody.





THOMAS HAMMOND
. I am assistant to Woolley, Son, and Co., tailors, in the Old Jewry. The counting-house of Lord and Hall is at the back of my employers' house—at the close of the day the key is brought, and hung up in our counting-house—on the 16th of January, some time after five o'clock, I heard Churchley and Hunt go away—he had not brought the key—I heard Churchley come back, and go into Lord and Hall's counting-house again—he went in two or three times—he went to the door, then came back, wished us good night, and hung up the key in our counting-house—about five minutes after, a police-inspector knocked at our door—Mr. Plimley went to it—the policeman had White in custody, and a bag with him—he asked if we knew that man White—we said, "No"—when I opened the bag I saw the wool in it—White was detained.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where you when you heard Churchley going backwards and forwards? A. At work—there was a partition between the passage and me—I heard him hum, and knew his voice very well—I did not see him go to the door, but I heard him—he went to the front door, which comes out into the Old Jewry—I could tell that he went from the counting-house to the front door, because nobody is allowed to go in but him and Hunt after the others leave—I heard him go along the passage very plainly.





WALDRON KELLY
. I am a police-inspector. On the 16th of January I was going on duty, and had to pass through the Old Jewry, accompanied by Barnes—I passed White standing opposite Lord and Hall's, in the Old Jewry—he attracted my notice from his appearance, seemingly watching some place opposite—Barnes, who was with me, said something—I halted, and we watched him—in about three minutes he passed over to Lord and Hall's, and received a bag from the bands of a person—I cannot swear, from the distance, that it was Churchley, as I could not see his features, but it was at the door—I kept my eyes on White—he came down towards me on the opposite side—he increased his pace, and at last ran—I pursued and stopped him in Cateaton-street—I asked what he had got in the bag—he said it was his own property—I asked what it was—he refused to say—I asked if he knew any person at No. 9, the door he had just left—he said, "No"—I took him back to the door—the witness came to the door—I asked if he knew him, and to look at him well with the candle in his hand—he said, "No," he never saw him before—I asked him if he

knew what was in the bag—that he opened it, saw it was wool, and suspected it was Lord and Hall's—I then went to Basinghall-street, and found Churchley in custody there.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you take White? A. About a hundred and ten yards from the prosecutors'—Barnes stood nearly opposite Lord and Halls—I stood about five yards from him—White was opposite Lord and Hall's.





ROBERT BARNES
 (City police-constable. No. 301.) I was with Mr. Kelly in the Old Jewry—I have heard what he has said—it is true—after he had separated from me, and taken White, I went after Churchley—I took him in Moorgate-street—I had to run after him—I found some papers on him—I saw the person who delivered the bag to White—it was Churchley.





GEORGE ELLIOTT BROWN
. I am a warehouse-keeper in Upper Thames-street. I have bonding warehouses there for wool—I have inspected these sample papers found on Churchley—two of them I can positively swear were issued from our warehouse—one of them has our stamp on it in particular—we had furnished to Lord and Hall a sample of this particular sort of wool—this is called an average sample, but one average sample was drawn of this mark, and that sample was sent to Lord and Hall—this other paper is marked with our mark—some of that was supplied to Lord and Hall, and others have had the same, but the average sample was sent to them, and no one else—there is in this bag, wool which answers to the class of wool that was in one of these papers.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you tell how long ago any of these went to Lord and Hall? A. This average sample was delivered on the 9th or 10th of January, and this other-sample-paper went about the same date—I gave orders for the average sample to be drawn, but I was not present when it was delivered—this part of the wool, to the best of my knowledge, is what was in the average sample.





WILLIAM HALL
. I am in partnership with William Hind Lord—our counting-house is in the Old Jewry. Churchley has been in our service three or four years—I have looked at these papers found on him—two of them have been in our possession—I looked at the bag after it was found, and found a small remnant of paper in it, and the figures of 4 5 on it, in the writing of our own clerk, Mr. Groves.

Cross-examined. Q. When was this piece of paper found in the bag? A. A day or two after, when we went to examine the wool at the station-house—I had not examined it before.
(Isaac Potter, a coffee-house keeper, Long-acre; James Chamberlain, agent and wool-factor, Ball's-pond; Thomas Green Phillips, Hackney-road; Thomas White; and Thomas Brassey, Margaret-street, Golden-square; gave the prisoner White a good character.)

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the jury—


Transported for Seven Years.

