




1718. 




THOMAS JOHNSON
 and 




SARAH JOHNSON



, feloniously having in their possession moulds for coining counterfeit shillings.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant, G 20.) On Monday, 22nd May, about noon, I went with four other officers to the second-floor of No. I, New-court, Great Wild-street, Drury-lane—I directed Hughes to remain in the court, to stand by the door under the second-floor window—he would command a view of that window—the street-door was open—we went up to the second-floor room, and commenced battering the door, which was strongly barricaded—there was a door nailed to the usual door with large spikes, to make it thicker and more difficult to enter, and against that door these large pieces of wood (produced) to go from the door to the wall on the other side—after considerable difficulty we got in, and Neville and Swanson secured the prisoners, who were in the room—Thomas was standing with his shirt-sleeves tucked up above his elbows, and a frying-pan in his hand—Sarah was standing close to the window, which was open—there is but one room on a floor—before we got in I heard a noise resembling the breaking of glass, and ordered Harvey to go down in the court to Hughes, whom I had left there to watch—on entering the room I observed this earthenware pipkin on a clear fire with white metal in it, which had been recently upset, with the metal pouring from it through the fire—I saw a tub containing water, which I immediately emptied on the fire—I then commenced picking up the metal which poured through the fire—this is it—I believe it is Britannia metal—on the hob I saw an iron pot which contained metal, not in a fluid state but quite hot, I could hardly bold the spoon—it appears to have been melted, but left there to cool—under the stove I found another iron spoon, and this knife on a table close to the fire, with plaster of Paris adhering to one of the blades, and on the same table a pair of scissors and two files, one of them with white metal in its teeth—on a shelf in the room I found a quantity of copper wire, having a silvery appearance, as if used in the galvanic battery; and under the table three tin bands for forming plaster of Paris moulds, with plaster adhering to them—I searched Thomas, and found in his right breeches pocket three good shillings

(produced) and 2 1/2 d. in copper—I ordered the prisoners to be taken to the station, in consequence of a mob being assembled—I went with Harvey down stairs—I got a candle and went down to the cellar, but found nothing—I saw the plaster under the stairs was broken, within six or seven feet of the cellar-door—I put my hand into the hole, and found three parcels wrapped up separately in paper—one of them contained a mould for casting half-crowns, and the other two, double moulds for casting shillings—some stuff was spilled on the table in the confusion, and some of it got spilled on the shillings—before that they were perfectly bright—I showed them to the man, and afterwards showed him the moulds, and told him where I found them—he made no reply.

Cross-examined by
MR. BRIARLY. Q. The street-door was open? A. Yes—these moulds were on that part of the stair-case that led to the cellar, in a part to which any one might have access—one of the shillings found on Thomas did not correspond with the moulds—two of them did.





JAMES NEVILLE
 (policeman, G 152.) I accompanied Brannan when the door was forced—I saw Thomas with the frying-pan in his hand—the table was about a yard and a half from the fire—there was a bed and bedstead in the room—I was the first who seized the man—he said, "Deal with me fairly; treat me as a man."





BENJAMIN SWANSON
 (policeman, 172 G.) I accompanied Brannan and the other officers, and took Sarah standing near the window with a wet cloth in her hand.





JOSEPH SAMUEL HUGHES
 (policeman, 114 E.) I was in front of the house—in a short time I heard the noise of breaking a door—on the first blow I heard the breaking of glass—I looked up to the window, which was open, and Saw several glass bottles thrown out—some came near me, and others went over a wall on the roof of some stables—I saw some jars come out—I could see the prisoners standing in that room with the officers—Harvey came down—we searched, and just over the wall I found this part of a galvanic battery plate and some copper wire—there was nothing in the jars that I could retain—they were broken, and the bottles too—I went up to the room and found this file on the floor, and on the mantel-piece, under a saltcellar, this shilling—I found this handkerchief with a hole burnt in it.





JOHN HARVEY
 (policeman, 118 G.) I was with the other officers—I joined Hughes, and went to the back of the stable-yard—I found part of a jar, part of a galvanic battery plate, and some wire to it, which appeared to have been silvered, and two necks of bottles, which smelt of sulphur—they were six or seven yards from the window.





EDWARD SPEECHLEY
. I am a broker at Great Wild-street. On Tuesday, 16th May, Thomas came to my house, and took the second-floor room of No. 1, New-court—he was to pay 3s. 6d. a week—he paid 2s. deposit—on 22nd May I saw both prisoners in custody—these pieces of wood were not there when they took the room—neither the wood nor any of these things belong to me.

Cross-examined. Q. You let three rooms in that house? A. Yes—there are no back-rooms—other persons lodge in the house—the staircase was open to persons living in the house—I keep the cellar in my own occupation, it is locked.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint This mould is plaster of Paris, and is for casting counterfeit shillings—this is a good shilling, and appears to have been used for making this mould—it

corresponds with one of this impression, of 1820, of George the Third's reign—I have no doubt it made this mould—there are some defects on it, which must have occurred after coining—those defects I find represented on the mould—this other mould is for casting two counterfeit shillings at the same time—one is an impression of George the Third's, 1816—this other shilling was the model for making that mould—this other is a Victoria one—this shilling found on the mantel-piece is counterfeit—these pipkins are used for melting metal—this appears to be Britannia metal, which is generally used in casting counterfeit shillings—they use the galvanic battery for covering these coins with silver, this copper wire is part of it—these bunds are used for making moulds,—these files, knife, and scissors, are used in the preparation of coin.

Thomas Johnson's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court; this female had only been with me three days; she is perfectly ignorant of it; she never saw the moulds to my knowledge; she was never at home but at meal times.

THOMAS JOHNSON *—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years
.

SARAH JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Month
.
