



1662. 




MARY KELLY



 was it icted for stealing, on the 
3rd of June, 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 1 piece of silver coin, value 1 1/2 d., and a half franc, the monies of 



William Brown, from his person.






WILLIAM BROWN
. I am a seafaring man. On the 3rd of June I met he prisoner—I knew her before, but she was not an acquaintance of mine—he said she had got a friend in the station-house, and wished me to go with her there—I went into a public-house while she went to her friend—she came back, and I went home with her—we laid down on the bed—I had

35s. 6d. about me—amongst it was a sovereign, a half-sovereign, and a silver coin—she said, "Give me every farthing you have got, you will only be losing it"—I refused to let her have it—she then put her hand into my waistcoat-pocket, and took all my money out—she said she would give it me again when I awoke—I thought she was going to take care of it—she said she would get something for me to eat—she went away, and did not return—I remained in the house about four hours, and then went to look after her—I found her at last near the White Swan public-house—I asked her for my money—she said, "Come along," but would not give me any satisfaction—I went with her from place to place, at last she struck me in the face, and said I might do as I liked—I gave her into costody—I was sober—we had had a quartern of rum, some beer, and other things.





MARY DOUGLAS
. I search females at the station—I searched the prisoner, and found on her two half-crowns, two shillings, a half-franc piece, and 3 1/2 d. in copper—she said it was her.





RICHARD CLAYTON
 (police-constable K 265.) I took the prisoner into custody—I told her what she was taken for—she said she had been home with the prosecutor, and had left him asleep at her place when she came away—at the station she said, "Don't be hard on me, Brown, I will make it up with you; don't lock me up."
(The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that she met the prosecutor, who was an old acquaintance; that he went home with her, gave her a sove-reign, and some drink, and said he intended to remain with her, as the girl he used to stay with was dead—that he went with her to a linen-draper's dress-maker's, and various places, and purchased several articles for her, and also gave her the half-franc piece to wear round her neck—that she left him in the public-house drinking, and on returning was given in charge.)





WILLIAM BROWN

re-examined. I never gave her any money to go to a linen-draper's—there is no truth in her statement.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
