



396. 




JAMES YOUNG
was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.






WILLIAM MOLE.
I am a shoemaker, and lodge in Poole-terrace, CityRoad. On the evening of the 1st of December the prisoner came into my house, and brought a sailor with him—they were introduced to me by a young man named Davis, who lodges in the house—they went up stairs, and after a few minutes' conversation I was called up—Young produced this paper (looking at one) and said, this John Freeman had 75l. pricemoney to receive—he read the paper to me, and asked me whether I would oblige the sailor with the loan of a sovereign until the 12th of December, when he was going to receive his money, and he would be sure to return it to me again, and he would give me 10s. for the loan of it until the 12th—he told me the sailor's name was John Freeman, which was on the paper—he read the paper over to me, and told me it was quite right, for he (Young) had been to Mr. Goode's, No. 15, Surrey-street, to see the books, and it was quite right—I gave Young a sovereign, which he passed to the sailor—I parted with it, believing the account which he gave me to be true—he said he had to pay 2s. 6d. or 2s. to see the books—the paper was left with me—I saw Young two or three times in the course of the week, and he said it was quite right—I have never got my sovereign—the sailor came afterwards, and drew 13s. more on the same paper—I made inquiry, and caused the prisoner to be apprehended.

Prisoner. Q. Previous to the 1st of December, had anybody asked you to advance anybody a sovereign? A. No—Davis told me the sailor wanted to borrow some money on a paper, and that he had some pricemoney to receive—he did not ask me to lend any one a sovereign—I had seen you two or three days before—I did not send Davis to you to say I wished to advance money on the paper—Davis told me you said the sailor did not want to borrow money on the paper, but that you were very much in want of money, and if the sailor would borrow it you would be very glad, as you could have it then—he told me the sailor was in work, and did not want any money—you did not come to me about it before the 1st of December.

Q. Who did you lend the money to? A. I gave it into your hands, and you passed it to the sailor—I first put it on the shop-board—

——said, "Don't be too fast, take the money up again"—I took it up, and put it into your hand—the sailor did not say, "If you cannot lend me a sovereign, a few shillings will do"—he asked me to lend him another—I had been told I should have 10s. interest, but I did not ask for it—I did not send any body to your house after you were in custody—a young man, a carpenter, lodges in my house—he it not here—he has nothing to do with this—I did not authorise him to go to your house, nor do I know that he went—Davis was not to pay me back any part of this money—he proposed to pay me back, but I told him I did not want it—that was after you had been at Worship-street—he offered to pay me because I might think it was through him the money was lost; but I would not take it of him, because I knew he had no work at the time—the Magistrate had said he considered him as bad as the rest, which made him offer me the money back.

JURY.
Q. What induced you to lend the money? A. He told roe he was very much in want of money, and had none to bay him victuals—I expected 10s. for it.

Prisoner. Q. Is it likely I could tell him I had paid 2s. to search the books, when he says I told him I had not 1s. in the world? A. You did not say you had paid the 2s.—you said it was stopped out of the pricemoney—you did not tell me yourself that you had not 1s. to get victuals—the money I lent was my brother's—it was given into my hands to lend to you—I do not recollect your saying you had no interest in the money—I did not tell the policeman that you laid so.
(Paper read.)—"This is to certify that John Freeman has served as able-seaman on board Her Majesty's Brigantine, Bonnett, from the 25th day of September, 1836, to the 4th day of November, 1839. The said John Freeman is 5 feet 4 inches, and is of a fresh complexion, and is entitled to share for all captures made during that period. Given under my hand, this 26th day of November, 1889.





WILLIAM ROBERTS, 

Commander.
Names of vessels captured. Slaves,
Incomprehensible... 700
Delourens... 300
Cibra de Africa... 210
Providentia... 190
Total... 1400
Payable at Frederick Goode, Esq., Agent, 15, Surrey-street, Strand, Dec. 12, 1839."





JAMES MOLE.
I am the prosecutor's brother, and live with him—I am a shoemaker. On Sunday evening, the 1st of December, I was present when the prisoner produced this paper to my brother—after the prisoner had read the paper, he said it was quite right, because he had been to see the books at Mr. Goode's office, and had paid 2s. or 2s. 6d., I do not know which, to see them, and he said if we went to see the books, we should have to pay the same—he said he and the sailor wanted some money on the paper—my brother said he had no objection, if he knew the paper was quite right—he put a sovereign on the board, and the prisoner took it up—my brother did not know the prisoner before, only he came to see Davis who lodged in the house—the prisoner and the sailor went away together—the prisoner said the sailor's name was John Freeman—the prisoner handed the money over to the sailor—in consequence of not getting the

money back, I watched the prisoner, and bad him taken into custody on Wednesday the 11th—when I was at the station-house he asked if my brother would take the sovereign to make it up.

Prisoner. Q. Where were you when I came into the house? A. I was in the house, getting tea—you and the sailor together asked my brother to lend the sovereign—you took it up and passed it to the sailor—I understood it was to be lent to you and the sailor together—my brother looked to the sailor for payment of the money—he was to wait until the l2th for it, but he went to see if it was correct, and found it was not—I saw the sailor on the Saturday and Monday too, after the money was lent—he was along with the tailor on Saturday—he staid at our house all night—my brother lent him 12s. that afternoon—he asked him to lend it—I was not present then—my brother went out with him on Sunday afternoon for a walk—they were about two hours together—the sailor remained in company with my brother and Davis the whole afternoon—my brother lent him another 1s. on Monday morning—the sailor did not drink away the 12s. at our house—he slept there on Sunday, and went off on Monday morning, saying be was coming back, but we never saw him again—my brother did not authorize any body to settle this affair—he never sent a carpenter to your house—the carpenter lodged at our house—I understood the money was for you and the sailor together—the sailor said you had 8s. of it—you did not, to my knowledge, tell my brother you had no interest in the affair, after he lent the sovereign.





FREDERICK GOODE.
I am a navy-agent, and live at No. 15, Surrey street, Strand. I am agent for the Dolphin, which made a capture of other vessels in the slave-trade, the Deloureusand Incomprehensible—there is nobody, named John Freeman, entitled to prize-money for those seizures—the Bonettais not the vessel which captured those vessels, but the Dolphin—I do not know William Roberts as a commander at all—there is such a vessel as the Bonetta, but I am not concerned for her—the prisoner did not examine my books—if he bad examined them he would not find this certificate correct—William Robarts had not the command of the Dolphin, but a man named Roberts, and this is not his signature—I know his hand-writing—the prisoner did not at any time make any application to me on the subject of this certificate.





LAMBERT WILKINSON.
I am a policeman. I was on duty in Goldenlane, on Wednesday evening, the 11th—the prisoner was given into my custody by John Mole—he said he was innocent, but sooner than there should be a piece of work about the sovereign, he would make it up and give it him—I received the certificate which has been read from the prosecutor.

Prisoner. I have twice requested a person to serve a subpoena✗ on the carpenter and Davis, and they tell me they have endeavored, and cannot do so—they will not tell him the carpenter's name, and I do not know it.





JOHN MOLE

re examined. The carpenter's name is Richard Bate—he still lodges with us, but is at work a few miles out of town at present.

Prisoner's Defence. I had not seen the sailor above once or twice previous to the transaction, he came round to my house. I never saw him but once, and we were separated for twelve months. When we last met we saw each other a day or two, and he told me he had a certificate of prize-money to receive. I asked him what the money was he was entitled to; he said, from 70l. to 75l. I saw him a few days afterwards in

company with Davis, who was present when the sailor produced the certificate out of his hat, and asked me if I knew any respectable person who he could leave the certificate with, and would lend him a few shillings to maintain himself, till he could get his money. I said I did not, unless my own father would. Davis said, "Well, you can go and ask your father, and I will ask my landlord if he will lend the sailor a sovereign." The sailor accompanied me up to my father's, and I only ask, if it is at all likely that I should be such an ungrateful scoundrel, as to go and ask my father to lend a sovereign on it, if I meant to rob him. I had not the slightest idea the certificate was not good. I had never seen such a thing in my life. I had no object whatever in serving the man, further than considering he was in difficulties, and to advance a trifle if it would help him. As to my saying I searched the books, and paid 2s. Mole and Davis well knew that I had not a shilling to bless myself with. I had been from home twelve months. I had been in trouble that twelve months, and it is not likely I could go and pay that money to search the books. I have a witness to prove I never saw the man till that time. I never asked Mole to advance him the money, but Davis came to me and said, "Have you done any thing with that certificate? " I said, "No, my father will not advance the money." He said, "I have asked my landlord, and he made me no reply." I said, "I shall not trouble further about it; " but in the evening the sailor asked me to mind the certificate for him, as he was going out. Next day Davis came and asked me if I had done any thing with it; I said I had not, and could not; he said, "There is a young man in our house to whom I have named it, he says he shall be glad to lend the sailor a sovereign or two, if he would give him interest; " I said if I saw the sailor I would let him know. Davis came to me next day; I said in all probability the sailor had got work, and if so, to let it rest. Next day I saw the sailor, who had been at work down at Shadwell, and I said nothing to him about Davis having offered to lend the money. He went away, and on Saturday Davis came to me again; I told him the sailor had got work. On Sunday, the 1st of December, Davis came to me again, and asked me the same thing; I told him, very likely I should see the sailor that day, and if he chose to lend him money he could. I saw the sailor in the evening, and told him a person in Davis's house would lend him money; he said, "Well, I only earned 3s. 6d. yesterday, and I will go to him." He asked me to accompany him. I handed the certificate to him, and we went to Davis's house, into a front room on the third floor; Mole was called up. Davis said, "This man wishes you to lend him a small sum of money, and he will lay in your hands a certificate entitling him to prize-money." He asked him if he knew what sum it was; he said he did not, and asked me the same. I said, "I tell you what would be your best plan; it would be, to go down to the office where he says the certificate is payable, and ascertain if it is correct; " he said, "There is no occasion for that, " and immediately laid a sovereign on the shop-board,; whether I touched it I cannot say, but I know I never had any money out of it. I saw Mole frequently afterwards; and so depressed was I in circumstances, that I asked him to purchase a duplicate of a brooch of me, which he did; and I believe, on the following day, I asked him to buy the duplicate of a gown-piece. I do not deny accompanying the sailor to his house, but I did not make any false representation about the certificate.






WILLIAM MOLE

re-examined. I redeemed a brooch for him three or four days before I gave him in charge—it might be the Tuesday after I I lent the money, and he asked me to try to sell the duplicate of a gownpiece, but I could not.





JANETTA LEWIS.
I live in the same house as the prisoner. I recollect a sailor coming to him—he took a certificate out of his hat, showed it to the prisoner, and wanted a sovereign on it.—(The witness here detailed a conversation which took place, which the Court ruled was not evidence)—Davis came four times to the house to see Young—after the prisoner was in custody, the prosecutor came and said if the prisoner would pay the sovereign he would be satisfied.





WILLIAM JUST.
On the night the prisoner was taken into custody I was in his house—I heard a person come and ask to see his wife—I saw Davis watching and listening to all that was said—the man wanted to make a forcible entrance up stairs—before that Mr. Mole came himself to the prisoner's house, and said, "If you can make up the money it will prevent the prosecution"—I believe the prisoner was incapable of making it up—Mole said, "It will be a compoundfelony if I take it, but yet I will take it"—he asked the prisoner's wife if she had not got a silver watch, or other property, to the amount.





WILLAM MOLE

re-examined. I did not make any proposition about taking a silver watch—I know nothing of it—I neither sent any body, nor went myself—I never said I would compound the felony, and if they could make up the money there should be no prosecution, nor any thing of the sort—I never saw that man till he was at Worship-street—the woman came to me on the Saturday, and told me Mrs. Young wanted to see me—I went, and she asked me, if she was to make the money up, whether I would not appear against him—I told her I would let her know in half-an-hour—I did not send any body to her nor to the prisoner—it is all false—they asked me to make it up—I said I dared not, because I had gone too far with it—I have tried all I can to take Freeman into custody.

Prisoner. Q. You said before the Magistrate, although you knew he frequented houses about Shadwell, you had gone to Westminster to look for him? A. I said I went up that way, thinking I might fall in with him there—I do not know what houses he frequents—I did not go to Shadwell with him on the Saturday night after I lent him the 12s., nor did he spend the 12s. in our house—he was out three or four hours on Saturday, and went out again on Sunday morning—he came back to dinner.




GUILTY.*Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
