




1177. 




ELIZABETH FOWLER
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of March, at 
St. Martin-in-the-Fields, 1 snuff-box, value 1l. 4s.; 3 pencil-cases, value 16s.; 3 brooches, value 3l. 15s.; 2 buckles, value 2l.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 3l.; 2 pairs of bracelets, value 2l.; 2 scent-bottles, value 1l.; 3 lockets, value 10s.; 1 neck-chain, value 5s.; 1 pencil, value 6d.; 1 tinder-case and steel, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 1 half-crown, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, 8 groats; 120l. and 35l. Bank-notes; the property of 



Richard Chadwick, her master, in his dwelling-house: and 




ANN FOWLER



, for feloniously receiving the-same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—3rd COUNT, charging Ann Fowler with receiving, comforting, harbouring, and maintaining the said Elizabeth Fowler.






RICHARD CHADWICK
. I live in St. Martin's-lane, in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields—it is my dwelling-house—the prisoner Elizabeth was in my service—I returned home on the 1st of March, and she was out—I had some suspicion, and examined a drawer, which was left open, but which was generally locked, and missed to green purse, containing a 20l. note, and three 5l. notes, and a box containing the jewellery stated—they were all gone—the purse is here, and I have traced a note, as being changed at Liverpool, where the prisoners were taken—I did not see that note at Liverpool—I went to the Bank of England, and found it had been paid in the day before—I have seen the property the officer found—this is the purse, it is mine, and this chain is mine.





SARAH MOFETT
. I am the daughter of Ann Fowler, and sister of the other prisoner. On the evening of the 9th of March my sister came to my

house in a cab—my mother was at home—I observed something in my sister's cloak—I desired to see it, she would not allow me—she put half-a-crown into my baby's hand—I asked her again what she had got—she said "Never mind now"—I accompanied her to the door, and asked her again what she had got under her cloak—she said some new calico she had bought, and she put 6d. into my baby's hand—my mother went out with her, and said she would go part of the way home with her—I did not see either of them afterwards.





MARY FOLEY
. I am the wife of Michael Foley, and lire in Lucy-street, Westminster. Ann Fowler lodged with me, and left on the 8th of March—I did not see her again till she was in custody.





JONATHAN ANDERS
. I am Inspector of the Liverpool police. On the 19th of March I apprehended the prisoner Ann Fowler, in Scotland-road, Liverpool—I took her down to the Commissioners' office, and inquired where she lived—she, said, "In Salop-place, Steward-street"—I went there, and was conducted by another daughter of hers to a room, where I found the younger prisoner in bed—I searched the room, and found this purse, which contained 2l. 17s. 6d., in a tea-caddy on a table—I found this small locket and this chain in the pocket of another sister, who was in bed with Elizabeth—she said, "My sister," meaning Elizabeth, "gave them to me"—I asked Elizabeth if she did not live with the prosecutor—she said, "No"—on our way to the Bride well she said she had lived there—in a box in the room I found this new wearing apparel—I found that the prisoner Ann had taken the room of the woman that kept the house, and in the room they had completely new furniture—I can give no other evidence concerning the prisoner Ann—the notes were paid in Liverpool by a travelling clerk.

ELIZABETH FOWLER—



GUILTY. Aged 16.—Recommended to mercy.
—


Transported for Ten Years.

ANN FOWLER—


NOT GUILTY
.
