



1418. 




GEORGE DAVIES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of April, 1 letter, containing 1 sovereign, the property of the 

Postmaster-General.—2nd Count, stating it to be the property of the 




Right Hon. William, Baron Lowther.—3rd Count, stating it to be the property of 



John Playle.


MESSRS. SHEPHERD
and
ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PLAYLE
. I am assistant-inspector of letter-carriers at the Post Office. The prisoner was a letter-carrier in the Dorset-square district, Regent's-park—in consequence of complaints at the Office, I made up a letter on the 17th of April, and addressed it to "Mr. Midlam, bread and biscuit baker, No. 6, Dorset-place, London"—I put two penny adhesive stamps on it, and next morning, Tuesday, the 18th, I put into the letter one sovereign, in the presence of Mr. Russell—we each put a private mark on the sovereign—I now produce that sovereign, and am quite sure it is the identical one I put into the letter on the 18th—here is both my mark and Mr. Russell's—I noticed also that it was the coinage of Victoria, 1843, which this is—the paper had a yellowish cast, not the usual colour of letter paper, and the letter was rather large—I sealed it, and gave it into the hands of Mr. Brodie, a clerk in the superintending president's room, to take the address—I afterwards went to one of the windows in the hall, and gave it into his hands at the window—he put the obliterating stamp on it, and the day of the month—he then brought it back to me, in the superintending president's room, and I took it into the inspector's room, and gave it to Mr. Russell, who had seen me make it up—he sent for Henry Rice, a sorter, and gave it to him—this was about

twenty-five minutes past seven o'clock in the morning—I have never seen the letter since—it is the practice in the office for the letter-carriers to pay their charges to the receiver-general three times a week—they pay the amount of two days' letters—one carrier takes it from what is called the division, and hands it to the receiver-general's clerk—there are fifteen divisions—there are seventeen carriers in the prisoner's division—when their pay papers are made up, each paper is delivered separately to the receiver-general's clerk, with the money in it—Hipp is collector of charges to the prisoner's division—on the morning after this, after Hipp had collected the payments from the different carriers, he brought them to me, about seven o'clock in the morning of the 19th.





THOMAS RUSSELL
. I am assistant-inspector of letter-carriers. On the 18th of April I saw Mr. Playle inclose a sovereign in a letter, about a quarter past seven o'clock in the morning, directed to "Mr. Midlam, bread and biscuit baker, No. 6, Dorset-place, London"—a sovereign was fastened into it by a piece of card—I had marked the sovereign, and saw Mr. Playle mark it—I noticed that it was the reign of Victoria, 1843—that produced is it—Mr. Playle sealed the letter—I shortly after saw it in Mr. Playle's hands—it had then received two post-office stamps—Rice was called up, and directed to put it among the Dorset-place division, with Davis's letters—about a quarter past eight o'clock that morning I saw the letter again on the prisoner's seat, having passed through the first sorting, and put up in one of the divisions of letters, as is the custom, to be delivered in different streets—the letters are first sorted by a sub-sorter into divisions, and afterwards into walks—they are then brought out into another office, and placed on the seats of the respective letter-carriers who have to deliver them—they are brought out in a tray, and placed on the carriers' seats—they then arrange them for delivery—I saw this letter after it had been arranged for delivery—that it done by the carrier.

Q. How could you tell it was after it was arranged? A. They are first placed flat on the desk, but afterwards placed upon two shelves, and stand upon one end—this being a larger letter than common, and of a peculiar yellow tint, and what is rather unusual, two stamps, that satisfied me it was the same letter—I saw the two stamps and the colour of the paper—it was rather a large letter, but I think not to large as to project so much as it did—I did not see the prisoner leave the office that morning—I saw him with his hat on, and he came into the private office where I was, preparing to go out—I think it was a little after eight—I was present next morning when Hipp brought the charges into what we call the inquiry room—Mr. Playle was there—we both began to open the different charges—Mr. Playle opened Davis's, when it came to its turn, and put it on one side, without speaking, for me to look; at, which I did.

COURT. Q. How did you know it was Davis's charge? A. I knew that afterwards—here is the paper with Davis's name at the bottom of the amount, in his handwriting—there was six sovereigns and one shilling in it, and among them was the sovereign which he bad marked—the prisoner was called in that morning, and placed in charge of Tyrrell, the officer—he remained in his custody an hour or two before he was examined by Mr. Peacock.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When was this plan of putting sovereigns into letters first commenced? A. About a year and a half or two years ago—Mr. Playle was entrusted with the management of it—if a man is suspected, we have recourse to this to discover if it is correct, intending he should take the letter and money if so disposed.

Q. I believe it has turned out once or twice that the wrong man has been suspected? A. I should think so—Mr. Playle detected a relation or his own

in that way after giving another man into custody—I was concerned with Mr. Playle in'getting up that plan—I noticed the date of the sovereign at Mr. Playle's suggestion—anybody into whose hands this paper came, might open it and change the money—there is no seal—it has the prisoner's signature to it, showing that for two days his letters came to 6l. 1s. all but 1d. I made a dent on the sovereign with a brad-awl, on the shield side, between the stems of the wreath—Hipp has been seven or eight years, I think, in the Post-office—his situation is the same kind as the prisoner's—I saw Mr. Playle put the wax on the letter in the superintending president's room, and saw him leave with it—I saw the letter afterwards—I do not know whether I had it in my hand, but am pretty certain I handed it over to Rice, but do not exactly recollect—the prisoner's is the fifteenth division—I do not know how many letter-carriers there are in it—there are a great many—if a letter is given to a carrier, whose division it does not belong to, he would not be fined if he does not carry it out, that I am aware of—the carriers' seats are divided by a partition—each man has a seat to himself—I did not put the letter on the prisoner's seat, nor see it put on—on the division of his seat that I saw this letter, there were about twenty—they varied in size—Mr. Playle selected the paper for the letter, and directed it, by Mr. Kelly's direction—I saw Mr. Playle mark the sovereign at the end of the curl of the Queen's hair—it was an indentation of the same brad-awl—I was not acquainted with Midlam—I have since found there is a person of that name—the prisoner's ordinary weekly payment was about 6l.

MR. SHEPHERD. Q. Do you put down in writing the date of collecting? A. I take the particulars on paper.





JAMES BRODLE
. I am a clerk in the General Post-office. On Tuesday morning, the 18th of April, I remember Mr. Playle bringing me a letter to the window, addressed to Mr. Midlam, bread and biscuit baker, 6, Dorset-place, London—it appeared to contain a piece of coin, and had two 1d. postage stamps on it—I obliterated them, stamped it with the date-stamp of the office, and gave it back to Mr. Playle.





HENRY RICE
. I am a superintending-sorter in the General Post-office. I was on duty on the 18th of April, and received from Mr. Russell a letter directed to Mr. Midlam, bread and biscuit baker, 6, Dorset-place, London—it contained some hard substance, which I supposed to be cash—Mr. Playle was present—I placed it among the letters for the Dorset-square delivery, after they had been sorted in the inland-office—the other letters for the district had been sorted into walks—the delivery is what we term a walk or district—it was the division, No. 15—I placed it among the prisoner's walk, which is the Dorset-square walk—the letters were at that time standing up on their ends as they had been sorted—Thomas Le Good, the collector, came in while I was there, and took the letters away into the letter-carrier's-office, in a tray—he took those of the Dorset-square walk, and the whole of the fifteen divisions at the same time—the letter I had placed there was among them—it was what we call the last collection after the sorters had done—the collector takes letters away several times in the course of the morning for the sorters—this was the last collection of that morning—there were two stamps on the right hand corner of the letter, and the paper was rather of a yellowish cast.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. About how many letters went to that division that morning? A. Perhaps from 8,000 to 10,000, carried in this tray at separate times—the man who takes them out places them on each letter-carrier's seat—the letter-carrier is sometimes at his seat and sometimes

not—the walks are divided on the tray, by one letter being put upright—there is no wooden partition to the tray—there are about twenty-three letter-carriers in this division—only one person carries the letters for each division—some of the heavier divisions employ two men—I have seen letters dropped, at times, in carrying from one office to the other.





THOMAS BURSTON LE GOOD
. I am letter-carrier in the General Post-office. On Tuesday, the 18th of April, I was employed in collecting letters from the Inland-office, for the last collection of the fifteenth division—those intended for the Dorset-square district I laid on the prisoner's seat, about ten minutes or a quarter before eight o'clock in the morning—I saw Mr. Rice there at the time—prisoner's duty was arrange those letters for delivery.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where was the prisoner when you placed them there? A. He was not at his seat, to the best my knowledge—I had not been made acquainted with the plan—I put on his seat about as many letter as I could take in my hand, perhaps thirty—I took them from the table in the Inland-office, where they are sorted—there are two sorters appointed for that purpose, Ray and another—I do not know who it was that morning—I earned them in an open tray—it was not full at the last collection, but nearly so—I did not observe the colour of them.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Whom did you receive the letters from? A. From the table—Rice was close behind when I put them on the prisoner's seat, and when I took them from the table—I did not in any way alter them.





HENRY RICE

re-examined. Q. Did you see Le Good carry the letters to the prisoner's seat? A. I saw him take them into the letter-carrier's office, and afterwards, saw the letters placed on the seat—I did not see the letter in question on the seat—I believe I afterwards saw it on the seat, but will not swear that I saw that letter in particular, I saw him placing the letters on the seats—I did not see him actually place them on the prisoner's seat, but saw them on it immediately afterwards—I cannot speak to seeing that particular letter there at that time—I can say I saw a letter, which I suppose to be the letter—I have scarcely any doubt it was the same—for I observed in it two stamps, and the colour of the paper—that was when I pointed it out to Mr. Russell—that was about ten minutes after I first saw the bundle of letters on the prisoner's seat—they had then all been sorted by the prisoner—I do not know whether he had arranged them quite for delivery, but he had thrown do that—I did not see Le Good put them on the prisoner's a seat, as I did not like to follow very closely.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Would not the prisoner be absent at different times, calling the charges that morning? A. Yes, he would be engaged the principal part of the morning, perhaps about an hour, from seven till eight o'clock—he would be from his seat occasionally, and it might be as early as half-past six, according to the duty—he had to call the carriers to fetch their own charges duty to call them to retell their charges—there is only one besides the prisoner employed on that duty—he would be occasionally doing that from half-past six to eight, most of thetime, he would be occasionally at his seat—they arrange between themselves, one to be absent a few minutes, and the other to attend to it.

COURT. Q. How then could he sort the letters to the different streets? A. He would have part of his letter, at his seat, which are brought out at different time, to his seat—he would occasionally get a few minutes to sort them, then go away to call the charges.





WILLIAM GEORGE MIDLAM
. I am a bread and biscuit baker, and live at

No. 6, Dorset-place, Pall-mall. I know Mr. Playle—I did not, in April, or at any time, receive from him a letter with a sovereign in it.





WILLIAM HENRY HIPP
. I am a letter-carrier at the General Post-office. It was part of my duty to receive from the letter-carriers of fifteen divisions their pay-lists. On the 19th of April I received a pay-list from the prisoner—this is it—(looking at it)—it contained money—I put it into my pocket, and took it into the room to Mr. Playle—I received lists from all the other carriers that morning—I put them all into my pocket, and delivered them to Mr. Playle, in Mr. Kelly's room.

Q. From the time you received these pay-lists till you delivered them up, had they been broken open, or the money at all mixed? A. No; each man's money was wrapped in his own pay-list—I delivered it exactly in the same condition as I received it from the prisoner—I marked one of the coins which was taken out of it by desire of Mr. Russell—I had seen it taken out—it was in the paper at the time I received it from the prisoner—that now produced is it—I put my name on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. How long elapsed from the time you received the money and handing it over? A. It might be twenty minutes or a quarter of an hour—it was not an hour—after I received it I was engaged collecting the others—I put them into my right hand coat pocket—I do not know the amount of any of the others—this was the highest amount—some of them were in silver—the lists are all the same size—I received them from the different men—I went about from place to place receiving them—some came to me, and some I went to—I dropped them into my coat pocket.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you break bulk, or cause any of the money to come out in dropping them into your pocket? A. No, I did not—there was no loose money in my pocket that morning.





ROBERT TYRRELL
. I am a constable of the Post-office. I was in the inspector's room on the morning of the 19th of April—Mr. Playle, Mr. Peacock, Mr. Russell, and, I think, Mr. Kelly, who belongs to the Post-office, were there—the prisoner was with me—I was called, and brought him into the inspector's room, and he was delivered into my custody—I had had him in my custody for some time before—this paper was opened by Mr. Playle, who looked at one sovereign in particular, and identified it—the prisoner was then asked how he accounted for the sovereigns—he said he had received one the day before, (the Tuesday) from the bar-maid of the Alsop Arms, New-road; two he had received from the same house on the Monday, and he received the other three on the Friday previous—he was asked to look at the sovereign which Mr. Playle had previously identified, and he said he believed that to be the sovereign he had received from the bar-maid, as the one he had received was a new one—Mr. Peacock said a letter directed to Mr. Midlam, baker, No. 6, Dorset-place, London, on his walk, had never been delivered—the prisoner was asked if he had seen it, and said he had seen no such a letter, for he knew No. 6 was a Mr. Robinson's, a surgeon—I have inquired, and found there is a Mr. Robinson at No. 6.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did not he tell you he had not seen such a letter, and if he had he should know it was not for his delivery, as Mr. Robinson, a surgeon, resided at No. 6? A. Yes.





JOHN PLAYLE

re-examined. On the morning of the 19th of April, Hipp brought me a pay-list, which contains the amount each man has to pay—he also delivered to me the packets of money named in that pay-list—they were all in separate papers, and apparently unbroken—I proceeded to examine them—I took them as the names appear on the list, but did not examine the amounts of each paper—I only looked at the sovereigns—I had examined about five

before I came to the prisoner's packet, which contained six sovereigns and one shilling, his charge being 6l. 0s. 11d.—I looked particularly at the sovereigns in that paper, which was signed by the prisoner himself—among them I found the sovereign I named as having marked and put into the letter—it is the identical sovereign—here are the marks which I and Mr. Russell put—I desired Hipp instantly to mark it, which he did—I gave the prisoner into custody of Tyrrell, and in about half an hour afterwards I saw him in the inspector's room—he was asked by Mr. Peacock what money he had given to Hipp that morning—he said 6l. 1s.—he said he gave them to him in the usual way, folded up in the paper—Mr. Peacock told him there had been a letter missing in the morning, directed to Mr. Midlam, which had not been delivered, and that letter contained a sovereign, and one of the sovereigns found in his paper was known to be the identical sovereign that letter contained—he said he could not tell how that could be, for he could account for where he obtained all the sovereigns—he said he had no such name in his district; that a surgeon named Robinson lived at No. 6 in his district, and not a baker—he said if a letter had been directed to Dorset-place, Pall-mall, he should have taken it either to the letter-carrier's seat for Pall-mall, or put it among the blind, or miss-sorted letters, as we term them—he said one sovereign he had taken of the bar-maid of the Alsop Arms, New-road, the bright sovereign, and that was the one I had marked.

Q. How did he point that out as the one he bad take n? A. Hestood at a distance, and was looking over the different sovereigns—he said he remembered taking three of one, and two of another, and the bright one he said, "I took of the bar-maid of the Alsop Arms"—that was the one which was marked.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did he say he knew nothing about the letter, but if it had come to him, he would not have taken it out, for he had no bread and biscuit baker living in Dorset-place, but a doctor lived there? A. I will not say those were the identical words, but it was to that effect.





ELEANOR HORLOCK
. I am bar-maid at the Alsop Arms, New-road—I know the prisoner. On Tuesday morning, the 18th of April, he brought me 20s. in silver, and I gave him a sovereign, which I took from my purse—I had had it about a fortnight or three weeks—I am quite sure I had had it longer than a week, unless I gave somebody else change, which I do not remember—I am quite sure I had it before that day—I had it on the 17th—I gave it him between eleven and twelve in the morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe your master had a very high opinion of the prisoner? A. Very high indeed, and so had I—I have known him eleven years—he was very largely trusted with money by my master—it is very likely I change money every five minutes in the day, but that is from the till—the sovereign I gave him was of the present reign, but I cannot say whether it was of this year.

MR. SHEPPARD. Q. Was that sovereign out of your purse? A. Yes—that is not common for me to do, but there was no sovereign in the till, and I took it from my purse—the first I took out I did not give him, but the second—I think I had had that sovereign a fortnight.

COURT. Q. Are you able to say with certainty whether you took that sovereign the preceding day, or might you have got it that morning in change? A. I am sure I did not get it that morning—I have no recollection of giving any one a sovereign for silver—the last money I put into my purse was about a fortnight before, when I received my wages—I might have given change since that, but do not remember it—I am sure I did not

that day—that was the only time I opened my purse that day—I kept my purse in a drawer in the bar—it had been there about a month.





MATTHEW MORRISS
. I am a letter-carrier at the Post-office. Dorset-place, Pall-mall, is in my division—Mr. Midlam, a biscuit-baker, lives there—I had no letter to deliver to him that day—the prisoner did not deliver one to me, or communicate to me that I ought to have had one.

MR. PLAYLE
re-examined. The sovereign I put into the letter was my own.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is a letter with an equivocal address called a blind letter? A. Yes—it would be handed over to what is called the blind sorter.

MR. RUSSELL
re-examined. The name of Davis on this pay-bill is the prisoner's writing—it is usual for the carriers to write their names outside.
(Thomas Wintle, landlord of the Alsop Arms; Richard Goldsmith, Esq., a barrister; Thomas Bull, of New-street, Dorset-square; Thomas Jackson, cheesemonger, New-street, Dorset-square; George Andrews, oilman, New-street; Thomas Hale, collector of sewer-rate, Upper Baker-street; William Terry, of Gloster-place; John Bennett, surgeon, Upper Baker-street; and Henry Child, farmer, of Edgeware-road; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 44.—Strongly Recommended to mercy by the Jury.






Transported for Seven Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

