




1234. 




JAMES RADBURN
 and 




THOMAS DONOVAN
 were indicted for

ripping and stealing 168lbs. weight of lead, value 29s., the goods of 



Joseph Fletcher and others, and fixed to a certain building called the 

Protestant Dissenters' Original Charity School.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 



John Robert Smith; and that Radburn had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN ROBERT SMITH
. I am master of the Protestant Dissenters' Original Charity School, in Shakspeare-walk, Shadwell. The back entrance

is in Collins-court—there is no thoroughfare through that court—I do not know either of the prisoners—on Sunday morning, the 21st of March, I had my attention called to the state of the school-room, and the lead on it—I missed some lead—on the following morning I fitted some lead with the policeman—it had belonged to that roof—I had charge of the premises—Mr. Joseph Fletcher is one of the trustees.





MARY PALMER
. I am the wife of Thomas Palmer, and live in Collins-court. I know both the prisoners—Radburn lodged in the same street as I did—my house is on the right-hand side of Collins-court, and on that side there is a vacant piece of ground—about one o'clock in the afternoon of the 20th of March I went into the court to hang up some clothes—I saw Radburn and Donovan both there tossing with money—there were other persons there—at four o'clock in the afternoon I went out again—I went to the top of the court, and saw the prisoners there still—about seven I went out—I did not see the prisoners then—I went to Farmer-street, and returned at half-past seven—I then saw the prisoners by the empty house adjoining the vacant piece of ground—they were talking—there was no one with them—it was about five or six yards from the school-room—the privy is common to all the people of the court—the prisoners went along and round the privy—I then lost sight of them—before they went round there I heard Donovan say to Radburn, "May I go?"—Radburn said to Donovan, "Go, be b—d, who is to hinder you?"—they then went towards the privy—I went in-doors, and saw no more.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. My husband is a sailor—I am quite sure about the persons I saw in the evening—I did not speak to either of them—I was in the court, outside my window—they went towards the vacant piece of ground—there is a low wall, and part of it does not go quite to the end.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. There is first a short wall, and then a high wall? A. Yes, eight feet high—a person getting on that wall could get to the school-house.





MARY DODD
. I am a widow, and live in Collins-court, on the left-hand side. On Saturday, the 20th of March, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I went out for some coals—as I came out I saw the two prisoners going out of the court—I followed them—I had seen them tossing in the court that day—in about five minutes I came back with my coals—the two prisoners were then standing just by the archway—I asked what they wanted there—they answered that they were doing no harm, they would not hurt me—there was a light in Mrs. Sullivan's window—it was shining on them—I am quite sure they are the men—I went out of the court, and watched them—they went out of the court, and turned to the left, and went to a truck standing in Farmer-street, about six doors from the entrance of the court—they leaned on the truck, and then they left, and went towards the public-house, on the other side—I went in-doors—while I was in my room, about nine o'clock, I went to the-window, which is opposite the vacant piece of ground, and drew my curtain—I saw Mrs. Sullivan, who lives in the court—she had a light in her hand—I saw the prisoners there, close to Mrs. Sullivan—one of them dropped a bag containing something heavy, close to Mrs. Sullivan—they were standing towards the privy—after that one of them struck her by the side of her head—she screamed out, "Murder"—I cannot say which struck her—they ran away up the court—I went out to Mrs. Sullivan—she seemed to have been beaten by

the side of her head—I saw the bag at her feet—a person came and turned it out—it contained lead, which was produced to the policeman—I looked, to see if there was any more lead about, and two pieces were near the privy door—I am positive these are the two men.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see them go into the public-house? A. No—my house is up in the corner, near the school-room—Mrs. Sullivan was standing near the vacant ground—there is a wall between the vacant ground and my house—I was at my window up stairs—the court is two or three yards wide—I go out washing—I gave information directly.





MARY SULLIVAN
. I am the wife of Timothy Sullivan, of Collins's-court. On that Saturday night I went out to the privy—I had got a candle in one hand—as I was going in, a tall man in a bluejacket and trowsers came out—he passed me, and momentarily I was knocked down—I called out "Murder"—they did not drop any thing that I observed—when I recovered myself I found at my feet a bag with some lead—I did not see the face of the man, because he held his head on one side—I was not much hurt—I was struck so as to be senseless.





CHARLES BROWN
 (police-constable K 358.) I went on the Saturday night and took possession of the lead—on the Monday I compared it with the roof of the school-house—in my judgment it came from there.





GEORGE WILLIAM GRAVE
 (police-sergeant K 11) On Monday morning, the 21st, I took Radburn into custody—I found him in New Gravel-lane—I had known him for some time—I told him I took him for stealing some lead in Collins's-court, Farmer-street—he said, "Farmer-street, I was not there at all after eleven o'clock"—I shortly after apprehended Donovan—I said it was on suspicion of stealing lead in Fanner-street—he said, "I was not down there at all"—I said, "I am given to understand quite different"—he said, "I was there at four in the afternoon."





JAMES READ
. I live in Goold-street, St. George's, which is not quite half-a-mile from Collins's-court. I had a truck which I missed at half-past seven o'clock on Sunday morning, the 21st—I saw it safe at six the night before—I had not lent it to any one or permitted any one to take it away—I went to the station a few minutes before nine o'clock on Sunday morning, and there 1 found the truck.

MR. PAYNE
called






ELIZA SMITH
. My father keeps the Royal Sovereign public-house, in Bluegate-fields. On the Saturday evening, before Donovan was taken, he was at our house from six o'clock until twelve at night—my father was out on business in the City—I was serving in the house—Donovan was sitting having his tea about a quarter to seven, along with his father—they were drinking and smoking together there until ten—his father is a coal-whipper—my father did not come home till after twelve—I am sure Donovan was there all that time—he was there till the house shut at twelve—his sister was there about seven—she stopped till ten, and went home with her father.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were the prisoners taken out of your house on the Sunday morning? A. No—some people have been taken there—I do not know how many thieves have been taken out of my father's house, during the last six months—I have not been romping about with the people here—our house was the Blue Gate, but it has since been altered to the Royal Sovereign—no one was at home but me and my brother—one of the men in the tap-room stopped till my father came home—the prisoner went away at twelve o'clock—Radburn was not there, too—

the pot-boy or pot-man is not here—my brother is not here—I do not know where Collins's-court is—Donovan did not stay in the tap-room all the time—only from six to ten, and then he sat at the door—I was sitting at the door part of the time—I am seventeen years old—I have not kept much company with him, I have seen him before—I do not know Radburn—I never saw him until I came here—I was in and out of the tap-room and parlour—I had no one to take any thing in, but me and my brother.





MARY CONLEY
. I am sister to Donovan. I know the Royal Sovereign public-house, in Bluegate-fields—I was there the night before my brother was taken—I went at six o'clock in the evening, and staid until ten—my brother was there—my father was sitting with him when I went in—I left my brother there—he was there all the time.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How comes your name to be Conley? A. I am married—I am twenty-two years old—my brother gets his living at coal work—he works with my father—he generally works from five O'clock in the morning until dusk—he had been working with my father the day before at Mrs. Punshon's—my father has got the dropsy and gout—I went out to buy a piece of meat for Sunday's dinner—I live by Shadwell pier.





GEORGE WILLIAM GRAVE

re-examined. I saw Radburn make this statement before the Magistrate—(read)—"I have nothing to say; I must summon witnesses to prove I was in another place."

Radburn. I am guilty of the crime. Donovan is innocent; a man went with me, who is gone to sea.





JAMES M'GILL
. I produce the certificate of the prisoner Radburn's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person who was tried.

RADBURN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

DONOVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
