



269. 




ALFRED WALKER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Charles Lodge, at 
Camberwell, with intent to steal.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES LODGE
. I am a surgeon, and live in Rye-lane, Peckham, in the parish of Camberwell. On the night of the 30th of Nov. I was out on business—I returned home about half-past three o'clock, and I let myself in with a latch-key—I went up stairs to bed after having chained and secured the door—after I had been in bed a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes I fancied I heard a slight noise outside my chamber door—I listened, and heard it repeated in my dressing-room adjoining my bed-room—I opened the door, and saw some person there—I closed with him immediately, and tried to secure him—he resisted as much as possible, and was as much as I could manage—after calling out to Mr. Lodge and the servants, further assistance was procured, and he was eventually secured—it was the prisoner—he bit me very violently on the shoulder and arm, and struck me with his fists as hard as he could—I got other hurts in the struggle, and cut my knee very violently—after some time a light was brought, and he then said, "Oh forgive me, master"—he had been in my service six months since—immediately he was secured I went down into the area with a policeman, and found the larder door, leading into the passage and up stairs, open—that was secured over night by a latch which only opens from the outside—some wire gauze which had been over it was forced out at one corner, by which means the door was opened—there is a very small circular window under the steps from which a small pane of glass had been broken, and we had pasted a piece of paper over it—that paper was forced through, and the window opened—that could have been done from without, and that I conjecture was the way he got in—he could then force his person into the larder—I found a pair of shoes immediately under that window, which we took up stairs—the prisoner

having no shoes or stockings on, they were put down for him, and he immediately put them on and went out of the house in them—he did not claim them exactly—he was searched on being delivered over to the police, and some lucifers and a tap was taken from him with a key to it, which would present the appearance of a pistol—it was exactly the same shape.

COURT. Q. He did not present it to frighten any body? A. He had not much time, for I closed with him immediately—I found him on the first floor, the same floor with the drawing-room and bed-room—he had been one month in my service.





JANE WHITE
. I was in Mr. Lodge's service. On the night of the 30th of Nov. I went to bed at half-past ten o'clock—before doing so I secured the house—I saw the window which leads into the larder from the area—that was safe and secure—I held a candle to it and looked at it—the wire gauze before the door was also secure, and the house entirely shut up.





WILLIAM SPONG
 (police-constable P 96.) I was sent for, and took the prisoner into custody—I searched him, and found on him this tap and two or three lucifer matches.

Prisoner. I asked him to go down in the area and fetch my shoes, which I had left at the door. Witness. I said, "You have no shoes on," and he said, "If you go down into the area you will find them."





HENRY SPARKES
. I was in Mr. Lodge's service at this time. I remember his coming home late in the night—I opened the street door about twenty minutes to four o'clock in the morning, and it was then chained.

Prisoners Defence. After I left Mr. Lodge I was in the service of Mr. Aldry; I went to mind his father's house at Brixton, and was there three days; after a fortnight he came home from Ramsgate, and found that two or three things had been taken from his house, which he charged me with stealing; he had me taken up, and I was committed to Brixton for two months; Mr. Lodge's lad went and spread it all over Camberwell and Peckham that I was transported, and told Mr. Lodge several things against my character, which he told a gentleman when he went for my character, and when I came out of Brixton I inquired of my brothers and friends where the lad was; they said he had left Mr. Lodge, but since that I was told he had not left, so I went up to Mr. Lodge's, and waited for some time walking up end down in front of the house to catch him; I could not catch him, and about nine o'clock I saw the front door open; I went in, and laid under the sofa in the first room till I saw the lad; I waited to see him, but could not see him; I fell asleep under the sofa, and slept till Mr. Lodge came in, at four o'clock in the morning, when he awoke me; I got up, went down stairs, and unfastened the door ready to run out if any one came; I put my shoes down by the door, and went up stairs to Mr. Lodge's dressing-room to fetch a pitcher of water, Mr. Lodge came and caught me there; when I went down stairs I pushed the wire work away from the safe door to see if there was any pitcher there, and I could not see any thing; I did not touch the window which led into the area; I did not go into the pantry.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

