




562. 




JAMES NEALE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of Jan., 1121bs. weight of horse-hair, value 5l. 12s.; the goods of 



Robert Wilcoxon and another; and 





CHARLOTTE NICHOLSON



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; to which


NEALE pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.







ROBERT WILCOXON
. I am in partnership with my brother Arthur—we are wholesale upholsterers in Monument-yard, City—the prisoner Neale was occasionally employed on the premises as packer, but not a regular servant—the policeman called at our warehouse a few days since, and showed me a quantity of horse-hair—I did not know we had lost any, our stock is so large—I can swear to the bag it was in, as our property—we always sell it in bags—I could not swear to the hair, but have not a doubt it was ours—since the policeman called we have missed several bags of hair—the bag produced has my private mark on it, with the cost of the hair—the bag has not been sold—when we sell a bag of hair, we take a brush and rub out the mark, and it should not be here if sold.





WILLIAM HUGHES
. I am the prosecutor's porter—Neale supplied me with milk, and brought it to the door in Monument-yard; and opposite that door is the staircase leading to the room the horse-hair is kept in—I never saw Nicholson—I live on the premises—Neale occasionally visited me there—on Tuesday morning, the 21st of Jan., while I was at the end of the warehouse unfastening the shutter I found the door open when I came down, and the prisoner's sister, who was stopping with us, standing on the mat, as I supposed, taking in the milk—I went on undoing the shutter—I saw this bag at Southwark police-court—it had the private mark which we always erase when sold.





THOMAS WEST
 (police-constable M 249.) On Tuesday, the 21st of Jan., I met the prisoner Neale in Paris-street, Horsleydown, three-quarters of a mile from Monument-yard—he had a bag on his back, which seemed very heavy—I followed him a short distance, and saw him go into the female prisoner's house, under the archway of the Greenwich railway—he was there about ten minutes, and came out without the load—I asked him what he had taken in there—he said some sacking that he brought from Ludgate-hill, that Mr. Ragget engaged him—I asked what he had under his coat—he said it was a handkerchief—I asked him to allow me to see it—he said he should not—I said I should take him to the station—he then pulled this large bag which I produce from his breast—there was nothing in it at the time—it was under his coat—it had the appearance of the bag he was carrying just before—he said it was the bag he had carried the sacking in—I gave him to another officer, went to Nicholson's shop, and asked if she had bought any sacks that morning—she said "No"—I asked if a bag of anything had been brought there that morning—she said, no, there had not been a soul there that morning—the constable brought Neale into the shop—I asked Nicholson if she knew him—she said, no, she had never seen him before—I went to the back of the shop, and found some curled horse-hair in a sack—I then went up stairs—she followed me, and I asked her if she had any horse-hair in the place—she said she had not a bit—I came down again, and in searching among some matting I found a bag of matting thrown over this sack—I pulled it out, and there was 1 cwt. of horse-hair in it—she said it belonged to Mr. Caddel—I asked her how it came there—she said she did not know—she then said it had not been brought there ten minutes—I asked who brought it—she said she did not know—I asked whose sack it was—she said it was the sack he brought it in, and she paid 2s. for the porterage—it weighed 1151bs.—the sack found on the prisoner was identified by the prosecutor.





JOSEPH GOLDING
 (police-constable M 87.) I saw the horse-hair found

in the sack—Nicholson said ali the property in that part of the premises belonged to Mr. Caddel—she said it had not been there above ten minutes, she said on the way to the station that she had known Neale, and he had been to her house at different times, and his wife also, and she believed the horse-hair came from a respectable party.

MR. WILCOXON
re-examined. This hair is such as I had on the premises—I have not a doubt it is mine, and the sack I can swear to—it is always in bags of 1 cwt.





FANNY PHILLIPS
. I live in Botolph-alley. I saw Neale standing at the prosecutor's door about seven o'clock that morning with the milk, and saw the door opened, but could not see who opened it.





ELLEN DRISCOLL
. I have seen Neale come to the female prisoner's several times—she went by the name of Simmons—I was in her employ—Neale used to bring horse-hair and seating for chairs.

Nicholson's Defence. I have the railway arch of a gentleman, and he has been a very hard landlord; I receive parcels for the gentleman, and pay porterage; I never offered to dispose of the hair; he brought it, desiring to leave it there; the policeman came in, and asked if I had purchased the horse-hair; I said, "No, nothing of the kind;" he said, "What is here?" and pulled it out; I did not attempt to conceal it, I only threw the mat over it, because it was the gentleman's; I said, "You can search where you like, these goods belong to Mr. Caddel, who I receive goods for, as much as 25l. a week;" I neither knew where it came from, not what it was; I paid him 2s. porterage; the policeman came in; nobody asked if I had bought any hair; he said, "You have bought some sacking;" I said nobody had been there that morning with sacks.





THOMAS WEST

re-examined. I found sacks hanging by the door, sod" coal and coke warehouse" written up, but nothing of the sort was sold there—all I found was sacking and new sacks—the name of John Simmons was over the door.





JOSEPH GOLDING
 I found 2s. 2 1/2d. on Neale—he said he was employed by a person on Tower-hill, who paid him 2s. to carry the sacks there.

NICHOLSON—


GUILTY
 Aged 47.—



Confined Six Months.
