




1341. 




WILLIAM DAVIES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of April, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, 2 coats, value 13l.; and 1 waist-coat, value 1l.; the goods of 



George William Cook and others, in the dwelling-house of the said 



George William Cook and another.






JOHN M'ALPIN
. I am foreman to George Cook, who is in partnership with his son and Mr. Williams, in Princes-street, Hanover-square. About four o'clock on the 2nd of April I was in the back part of the shop, and heard a hustling at the door—I ran up to the door and found it open—I ran into the passage and saw the prisoner go down the steps with this coat and another over his arm—it had been on a chair in front of the shop—the property is worth 14l.—Mr. Cook and his son live in the house—it is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear you saw me take it? A. Certainly, I never lost sight of you—I seized you by the collar and brought you back with the goods in your possession—I did not see you take them out of the shop, but I saw you going away with them.

Prisoner. When I was in the middle of the street, coming towards the shop, I saw a man run out of the street-door across the square, and when I got to the street-door the man was three parts across the square; I turned round and saw the clothes lying inside the door; I went in, took hold of them, and took them into the shop. Witness. He was going down the steps with them.

Prisoner. I had just turned my head to see whether the man had gone out of sight or not, and the witness collared me.





WILLIAM ROBERTS
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner in charge—he did not tell me a man had taken them and was running away, that he went to pick them up and take them in.

Prisoner. My last situation was with Mr. Cooper, a confectioner, at the corner of Chenis-street, Tottenham-court-road; I lived with him seven months, and left about a week ago—(this statement was afterwards discovered to be false)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
