



2182. 




FREDERICK JETTY
 was indicted

 for stealing 2 wheels, value 30s.; 2 springs, 2l. 10s.; and 1 axle-tree, 2l.; the goods of 



Samuel Smith having been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL SMITH.
 I let out flies, and live in North-street, Cambridge-heath—I have a coach-house and stable there. On the 10th of Sept., about seven o'clock in the evening, I saw a gig safe in the coach-house, with the wheels on it—next morning, about nine, I went to the stable, from information, and found the gate lying down, and the wheels, axle-tree, and springs of the chaise were gone—I gave information, and on the following Tuesday saw them to the station—these produced are them—this wheel has my own painting on it—here is a crack by which I can swear to it.





WILLIAM JENNINGS.
 I am a shoemaker, and live in Union-terrace, Hackney. On the 11th of Sept., at seven o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner pushing a pair of wheels before him, with the axle-tree and springs—he was coming out of North-street, where Mr. Smith's stable is, and going towards London—I knew the wheels to be Mr. Smith's—I had seen them frequently.





CHARLES GRAY.
 I am a box-maker, and live in Collingwood-place, Bethnal-green. On Saturday morning, the 11th of Sept., I heard a noise at the back, looked out of the window, and saw the prisoner in the yard, and the wheels—I cannot say whether he had brought them or not.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-sergeant.) On Monday evening, the 13th of Sept., I went to Gray's house, and found the wheels and springs—the wheels were partly cut up.





RICHARD CLARKE.
 I live in Brunswick-street, Hackney. On Saturday night I took the prisoner into custody—I told him it was for stealing a pair of wheels, an axle-tree, and three springs, and told him where he stole them from—he made no reply.

Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Twitchett came to me, and asked me if I wanted to buy a pair of wheels, axle-tree, and springs; I said, "Yes;" he said they were at his shop, and if I came there to-morrow I could see them; I went; he wanted 2l. 5s. 6d. for them; I went, and gave him 2l. 5s., he told me. where they were, and told me to go for them on Saturday morning; I was to know nothing about it, only that the wheelwright sent me for them; he said he would leave the hasp with the padlock open, so that I could get in; I

went; he was not there; I pushed the gates open, found the wheels standing there, and took them away; Twitchett was taken into custody, and denied knowing me.

The prisoner called






ROSINA BLACKBURN.
 I am single, and am a tailoress; I live in New-street, Bethnal-green-road. On the 5th of Sept. I went with the prisoner to Mr. Twitchett's, a wheelwright in Gossett-street, Bethnal-green, close to Gibraltar-dock—Mr. Twitchett told him to come round to-morrow, as he wanted to see him about some wheels and springs—the prisoner said, "Oh, very well."





SAMUEL SMITH

re-examined. Twitchett was not in my employ—I do not know him—when I left the night before the wheels and springs were on the carriage, ready for use.





SAMUEL EGERTON.
 I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Jan., 1846, and confined four months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven years.

