




1592. 




JOSEPH FIELD
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
27th of April, 1 watch, value 4l. 10,s., and 1 watch-guard chain, value 4l. 5s., the goods of 



George Polson, in a vessel, upon the navigable river Thames; and 





WILLIAM JENKINS



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen.






GEORGE POLSON
. I am master of the Isabella Sarah, lying off the Tower, in the river Thames. On Monday, the 27th of April, I went on board, and found Field there—he came to me on deck, and asked if I wanted a boy—I asked if he was ever bound apprentice to a ship—he said no, he had been in a billy-boy, and the owners had laid her up, and could do no more for him; he had been about several ships, but could get no employ—I asked if he had any clothes—he said none but what he stood up in—I said I could not take him because he had no clothes, for as soon as we fit a boy out with clothes he is in the habit of running away—he burst into tears then, and I took him out of compassion—I went ashore at nine o'clock next morning, returned at six in the evening, went into my cabin, found the door burst open, and the lock forced open with a marline spike

—I missed my silver watch and gold chain from my pillow—the prisoner had left the ship—I gave information, and on the next day, Thursday the policeman came to me—I went to Lambeth-street, and found him in custody—I have no doubt of him—the boat of the ship was taken away at the same time, and was found at Hungerford-market, with my name and the ship's name rubbed off, and about 3l. worth of paint-brushes, and other things, belonging to her—I saw the watch at the Thames police-office—this is it.

Field. I went to sleep on the deck; master had two men on board quite drunk.





ROBERT GEE
. I am a policeman. On the Thursday morning, about Half-past eleven o'clock, I was in the shop of Mr. Horn, a watchmaker, of Ratcliff-highway, and the prisoner Jenkins came to the counter—Horn handed a gold chain to me, which I have produced, and said, in his presence, that Jenkins had got the gold chain for sale—I turned round, and asked him how he came by it—he said he had found it in Red Lionsquare, Horborn—I asked what he was doing there—he said he went for relief to get into Peckham workhouse, and that he found it the day before—I said I should take him to the station, and make inquiry—he then said, "It is no use; a lad is standing out side the door, and he gave it to me to go to sell it"—he described the lad to me—I searched him, and found four shilling and a halfpenny on him—he said the lad gave him 4s. 4d. to carry the watch to sell, and he had spent 3 1/2 d. of it—I took him to the Thames police—he was remanded for a week—I saw the two prisoners together on the Saturday at the Thames police, and asked Jenkins, in Field's presence, if that was the lad who gave him the chain to sell—he said, "Yes"—Field did not deny it—I said, "I thought you knew nothing about the watch'"—he said, "I do"—I said, "where did you pawn it?"—he said, "in Rosemary-lane, somewhere," and referred to field, who said, "Yes. "





THOMAS ARNOLD
. I am a policeman. On Friday morning I apprehended Field in Mill-yard, Rosemary-lane—I asked him what ship he belonged to—he said he did not belong to a ship—he belonged to a billy-boy, and was paid off—I said I had suspicion that he belonged to a brig—he said he did not/emdah/I told him I wanted him, on suspicion of stealing a watch—he said he knew nothing about it—when he got to the station he said there was no good in denying it, and asked me where the other lad was—I asked what lad he meant—he said the lad who was taken into custody yesterday for selling the chain—I asked him how he knew he was taken into custody—he said he was outside waiting for him—he said he would take and show me where the watch was pawned—he took me to Cable-street, New-road, and as the pawnbroker had it in his hand, he said, "Give it me—I will see if that is the same watch or not"—the pawnbroker opened it—he pulled out a paper, and said, "This is the watch, I know"—I found two half-crowns, a few halfpence, and two watch-keys, on him, one of which the prosecutor claims.





GEORGE POLSON

re-examined. I know this key—it was on the chain when lost.





JOSEPH BLAY
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in New-road, St. George's. This watch was pawned at my house, in the name of William Jenkins—I am not positive of the person.

Field's Defence. I went to sleep on the deck about one o'clock in the morning; the captairr said there was two men half-drunk; he took them ashore with him, and next day I went ashore at dinner-time; I did not

like the captain, and did not see him any more; I saw this boy; he said I was not to say any thing about the watch.

Jenkins's Defence. On Thursday morning, about ten o'clock, I was waiting at the Three Crowns, London Docks; Field came and called me two or three times; I went to him at last; he said, "Will you go and sell a watch and chain?" I said, "Yes," and went and pawned the watch for 1l.; I did not know whether he had stolen them or not; he afterwards said, "Come down the Highway," which I did, and he sent me to sell the chain.

FIELD—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Ten Years.

JENKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Six Months.

Before Mr. Recorder.

