



1826. 




THOMAS JAMES
 was indicted

 for stealing a letter containing half-a-sovereign, the money of 

her Majesty's Postmaster-general.—Other COUNTS varying the manner of stating the charge.


MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL, with
MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN,

conducted the Prosecution






JAMES BALL
. I am a clerk in the London Docks, and live at East India

buildings, Houndsditch. On the 2nd of Sept. I wrote a letter to my brother who was at Loughborough—I enclosed in it a printed card and a half-sovereign—I cut two pieces off the top of the card, and one off the side—both these pieces of card were inclosed in the letter—(looking at two pieces)—they were in one piece when I put them in—it is the same card—I found this third piece in the house afterwards—I addressed the letter to Mr. A. Ball, Leicester-road, Loughborough, Leicestershire, sealed it, and, about fire o'clock in the afternoon, gave it to the servant to take to the post, with 2d. to pay the postage—the half"sovereign was a new one, a bright one—I did not observe what year it was—the girl returned shortly afterwards, and brought back 1d.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You have had portions of the letter shown to you since? A. Yes; not the whole of it, but nearly all—this is it—(looking at it)—here is my writing on both portions—I wrote "note-paper—here is part of the envelope which I addressed to my brother, and part of the paid-stamp on it—this word "happy" is my writing.





EMILY WALKER
. I am in the service of Mr. Ball. On the 2nd of Sept, I received a letter and 2d. from him—I took it into the post-office at the grocer's shop, in Bishopsgate-street, after five o'clock—the postage was 1d.





ADAM SCOTT
. I am a grocer, and keep the receiving—house in Bishopsgate. street—there is only one receiving-house in Bishopsgate-street—if a letter is posted with me after five o'clock, and before half-past, it would go to the General Post-office at half-past five—I stamp all paid letters at my office—I have examined these fragments of a letter, and can see my stamp here.





DANIEL DIXON
. I am a clerk in the General Post-office—a dispatch leaves the Bishopsgate-street office at half-past five—on the 2nd of Sept., about 20 minutes to six o'clock, I received the half-past five dispatch from Bishopsgate. street—it was sealed in a bag—I opened it to take out the letters—I found the paid-letters bill—there were ninety-five paid-letters—they corresponded with the bill—I put my signature to it—they then would go to the paid-stamped office, to get the paid-stamp on them, and after that to be sorted.





EDWARD HART
. I am clerk in the General Post-office. The prisoner was employed there as a General-post letter-carrier, and in the evening in the Inland office, to clear the letters away from the paid-stamped table, and carry the to a table to be sorted—he would have to do that from five to seven o'clock—the half-past five o'clock dispatch from Bishopsgate-street would come to the office where he was employed, and he would assist in carrying them to the sorting-table—they would be despatched by the mails at eight o'clock—this letter might come into the prisoner's hands—it would come to the table where he was employed with others—I have examined these fragments of a letter before, and can trace the Bishopsgate-street stamp, and also the paid-stamp made at the Inland-office—that does not indicate the date—the prisoner was on duty, for he was taken into custody at the office at seven o'clock that evening.

Cross-examined. Q. There were others employed at the same duty? five others—other persons in the office might get to the letters, certainly.





ROBERT TYRRRLL
. I am a constable attached to the Post-office. On the 2nd of Sept., about ten minutes past six o'clock in the evening, I was placed to watch the water-closets—I could see who went into the water-closets with out being seen myself—I saw the prisoner go into one of the closets about seven o'clock—he put his things down, and sat on the seat—I saw him place his hands in front of his trowsers, inside—he kept moving them about, and I heard the crumpling of paper—some footsteps approached—he took his hands from the front, and placed them across his body-the footsteps ceased, and he put his hands in the same position as before—there are no doors to the

water-closet—it is not a thoroughfare, only a passage—he put his hands as before—he then drew his body back so that the corner of the water-closet screened the upper part of his body from my view, then brought his body for-wards, and I observed him chewing something—I then went round to the privy—he was then sitting on the seat—I seized both his hands, and said, "What have you got here?"—he struggled, got his left hand to the side, and threw something down the closet—I still kept hold of his right hand, and from it forced this piece of card which I have produced—he said, "I have got nothing"—I said, "No, you have thrown it down the closet"—I kept him on the seat, searched his right-hand trowser's-pocket, and found a purse containing two sovereigns—in his right hand waistcoat-pocket I found a half-sovereign loose—I also found a bag with 2s. in it, and some loose coppers in the other waistcoat-pocket—I sent for the plumber, who held the seat down, and I took the prisoner off the seat, and desired the plumber, in the prisoner's hearing, to search the closet, and take out all the papers—he did so—the seat is constructed so that on a party rising from it, the water flows down—I saw the plumber bring from the seat these fragments of a letter, and two pieces of card, which correspond with the piece I found in the prisoner's hand—I received this long strip of card from the prosecutor—it corresponds with the upper part which he cut off—these smaller pieces of a letter were found close together, as if they had been chewed, but I have since opened them—on putting all the pieces of card to-gether, it is nearly perfect—the plumber took his coat off, put his hand down into the soil, below the pan and the trap, and found the paper among it—this is a printed card.

Cross-examined. Q. Were the whole of these pieces produced at the police-court? A. Yes, the plumber found the whole of them in the prisoner's presence—I occasionally watch the water-closets—there are six water-closets—this was not the end one, it was the first of four—there are three beyond it—when the prisoner came in, the next seat to him was not occupied, but the others I cannot speak of—anybody passing to the water-closets beyond where the prisoner was would have an opportunity of seeing him—nobody could pass the end water-closet—I had been watching three quarters of an hour and had seen several persons in the water-closets—I did not take notice of the number—I bad not seen anybody at this particular one, that I recollect—it might have been so—I was not watching that one closet particularly—I should not think there were six or seven persons in that one—I do not think above six or eight came to the water-closets, and there are ax closets—I did not watch anybody besides the prisoner in the closet—the water flows into the closet on a person rising from the seat.





HENRY BALL

re-examined. I put a printed card in the letter—it was a card about an asylum.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you use any blue ink in the letter? A. I think I did—this writing in blue ink is mine—I think I used both blue and black





WILLIAM BLACKBURN
. I am a plumber, employed at the Post-office. On the evening of the 2nd of Sept., in consequence of a message, I went to the letter-carriers' water-closet, and saw Tyrrell, the prisoner, and Craddock, who was holding the seat down, as, when the seat rises, the water in the upper basin flows into the trap—his keeping it down would retain the water in the upper bason—the bason did not contain anything—it does not contain any water at all—I searched the trap, and found these fragments of paper, and two pieces of card, which I handed over to Tyrrell—there was no other paper in the trap—it contains about half a gallon of water—the paper was floating on the surface—in the ordinary course, unless the seat was pressed down, what was in the trap below would go away—it remains in the trap till

the water flows, but on the party rising, it flows into the drain—by keeping down the seat, whatever was in the trap must have been from the person last using it.

Cross-examined. Q. Were the whole of the fragments found in the same part? A. They were on the surface—it was necessary to wash them, and even now they retain marks of the soil—that is from my holding them—I was compelled to put my hand into the trap, and that marked them—they were altogether with the soil in the trap—they could have got into the trap before the prisoner left the seat, he need not have pushed them down, he could hare dropped them down—I mixed them with the soil, as I had to put my hand down among the soil—the soil was not dry—I took the closet to pieces before anything escaped—there was a fragment of paper in the trap, bat not writing-paper.

MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL. Q. There is no valve at all in the bason. A. No, anything dropped into the place would go into the trap—there is do bottom to the bason—it goes at once through a hole into the trap—a person might drop anything into the trap without sitting on the seat.

COURT
to
ROBERT TYRRBLL. Q. Is there always somebody watching the closets? A. No—I was placed there on this occasion—it is very rarely I am watching.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Yean
,

Before Mr. Baron Platt,
