




1421. 




ROBERT HUTCHINS
 and 




WILLIAM WRIGHT
 were indicted for

 stealing 16lbs. weight of Munster patent metal, value 7s.; and 16lbs. of mixed metal, 7s.; the goods of 



Thomas Crisp and another; and that Wright had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS CRISP
. I am in partnership with my son; we are shipwrights, and live in Mill-street, Bermondsey. I know the prisoners well—on the 8th of May I was entering my yard, about half-past twelve o'clock in the day, and saw Hutchins just leaving the yard—he was against the yard gate—he had three or four sheets of metal in his arms—he ran away—the other prisoner was about two yards from him—it was of no use my following them—I just went out at the gate—I could not get an officer.

Hutchins. Q. Why did you not stop me? A. I wish I could, but you was off too quick—you had three sheets of metal, and went off with it—it was Munster patent metal—it is used instead of copper, and had been in the yard.

COURT. Q. Did you see him with any other metal? A. No—I do not know whether any other was taken of my own knowledge—this metal is composed of a portion of copper, zinc, and some other things—the difference of the price between this and copper is 1 1/2d. per lb.

Hutchins. Q. Was your property weighed? A. No—the weight is about 6 1/2lbs. a sheet—you were sideways toward me—you had not the jacket on that you have now—I called to you, and you ran away—my gate is open all day long.





CLEMENT HAYWARD
. I was at Bermondsey-wall on the 8th of May, in a street right opposite Mr. Crisp's premises, between twelve and one o'clock, and saw both the prisoners together against Mr. Crisp's gate—I saw Wright walk into Mr. Crisp's premises, take the metal, and give it to Hutchins, who ran away with it—I told Mr. Crisp when he came running up to me—I knew the prisoners—I see them almost every day.

Wright. Q. Why did you not speak to me? A. I told Mr. Crisp of it—there were no men in the yard.

Wright. Me and him had a bit of a row once, and he has threatened me ever since.





WILLIAM HUMPHREYS
 (police-constable M 47.) I took Wright—he said he knew nothing about it—I saw Hutchins in charge—he said he knew nothing about it.

Wright's Defence. I was at work, and coming home at twelve o'clock to have my dinner, and Mr. Hayward told Mr. Crisp that I took the copper; it is a bit of spite he has against me, and he has threatened to give We in charge.


Hutchins Defence. There were a great many sheets in Mr. Crisp's yard, but there was no admission, except on business, as it states; but it is a proper thoroughfare for anybody that likes to go through; I was a work, and can prove I was in the same place I am now; I was in the Ship and Camel, at Dock-bead, a little before nine o'clock, and two officers took me; I was in a vessel called the Richard Walsh, going for guano; I was going in it as a labourer, and Mr. Crisp told the Captain I was a convicted thief and the Captain did not employ me; I have worked for Mr. Crisp. and he has not given me half the value of what I have done for him.

JURY
to
MR. CRISP. Q. Was the property yours? A. All the property on my premises was in my charge—I have given Hutching money to go away from my premises; I begged him to go away that morning.





JOSEPH JOHN LEWIS
. I am a Thames police-inspector—I produce certificate of Wright's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 3rd Jan., 1842, and confined one year at Guildford)—he is the person.
** HUTCHINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Twelve Months.

** WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

