



1355. 




HENRY WILLIAMS
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Glazier, on the night of the 
16th of June, at St. Marylebone, with intent to steal and stealing therein, 10 cigar-cases, value 3s.; 3 books, 3s.; 2 handkerchiefs, 2s.; 4 oz. weight of tobacco, 1s., 1 tobacco-box, 3d.; and 18 duplicates, 2d.; his property.






ROBERT GLAZIER
. I am a tobacconist, and occupy a shop and parlour at No. 39, Well-street, in the parish of St. Marylebone. It is let out in different tenements—I sleep on the premises—there is an outer door, which is left open for all to go in at—the landlord does not live in the house—I have a key to my apartments, and live in them separately—on the 16th of June, between twelve and one o'clock in the morning, I returned home, having been out, and observed my parlour window shutter open—I am quite certain it was shut quite close when I went out at eleven o'clock—I am not certain that it was secured—I looked in at the window, and saw the prisoner behind the counter—he had turned on the gas, and I had a full view of him—I shut down the window and the shutter, and called out "Police"—I ran out into the road, and met one—he ran round the court while I returned to the front—the door was shut, but not fastened—it was too—I saw the prisoner going across the road—I followed him, and caught hold of him—he knocked me down, and caused a wound over my eye—I got up again, and ran after him—a mob assembled round me,

and held me—I got away from them, and pursued him till he was stopped by James—he was taken back to my shop, searched, and the articles stated found on him—I know them all to be my property.





WILLIAM JAMES
 (policeman.) I was on duty in Upper Marylebone-street, between one and two o'clock, on the morning in question—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and "Police," and saw the prisoner running—I stopped him, and took him back to the shop—I asked him what brought him into the house—he said, "I am a friend of his, and I very often go there"—I found these articles on him.





ROBERT GLAZIER

re-examined. He is no acquaintance of mine—I have a bagatelle-room, and he has been in two or three times playing at bagatelle, the week before he was taken.

Prisoner. Q. Have I not been in the habit of coming to your house for seven or eight weeks? A. You may have been, but you cannot term yourself a friend of mine, I should say.

Prisoner. I had no intention of taking the things; I only did it to frighten him; they were of no value to me; I have pawned things for him two or three times. Witness. He did once, not more.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

