




1101. 




THOMAS CHRISTY TANDY
 and 




WILLIAM SMITH
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 



John Humphery, Esq., on the 
15th of February, at 
St. Saviour's, Southwark, and stealing therein 1 firkin, value 1s.; 38lbs. weight of butter, value 2l.; 1 looking-glass and frame, value 10s.; 1 nest of drawers, value 5s.; 1 printed book, value 2s.; and 50lbs. weight of dried fish, value 5s.; his goods to which.


TANDY


pleaded GUILTY
.* Aged 30.-

Transported for Ten Years.


Mr. Phillips-conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE TOMKINS
 (police-constable M 166.) On the morning of the 15th of February I was on duty in Tooley-street, and about three o'clock hearing noise near the bridge, I went there and found the prisoner Smith running down Tooley-street as fast as he could—I met him in the face, and collared him—he was pursued by William Bowman—the water was running out of his clothes when I stopped him—I searched him directly, and found a "Johnson's Dictionary," with Mr. Alderman Humphery's name in it, a little iron chisel, and a large Spanish knife with a spring at the back—I said, "You are my prisoner"—he resisted very much, and said he had been chucked into the water by two big men out of a barge—I kept him till Bowman came up—I did net ask how he came by the book—I first saw him running under the dry arch from Mr. Humphery's wharf—I first saw him at the bottom of the steps, about two or three minutes' walk from Mr. Alderman Humphery's counting-house, as he must go up the steps, across the road and down the other steps—be was on the Tooley-street side of London-bridge.

Smith. I made no resistance.





EDWARD EDWARDS
. I am a watchman at the Southwark Steam-wharf, which joins Mr. Alderman Humphery's wharf. In consequence of information from Frampton, I went in a boat to Hibernia wharf, and found the window of the counting-house of Mr. Alderman Humphery wide open—I went in with Frampton, and saw two men in the warehouse—it was the two prisoners—I am certain they are the men—one was banding some fish to the other—when I first saw them there was some kind of an artificial light—as soon as we got into the counting-house it was put out—Frampton seized Tandy, and I took hold of Smiths-while I was trying to get him over some casks, we stumbled, and he got away—I saw him in the set of striking Frampton with a crow-bar, which I produce, which he had in his hand, in the warehouse—I forced it from his hand, and he escaped out of the counting-house window—I afterwards found he was secured by Bowman—I do not know whether he got away after that—I called to Bowman—he told me he had got him—that was on the steps of London-bridge,

Smith. This man says while he was getting over the casks I escaped, afterwards he says he rescued the bar out of ray hand; I was never in the place at all. Witness. I rescued it out of his hand in the warehouse after stumbling over the cask—I lost sight of him after he got out of the window.

Smith. Q. If there was no light how could you see me strike the Policeman A. We had a light of our own, a dark lantern belonging to Frampton.





WILLIAM FRAMPTON
 (police-constable M 52.) I was on duty in Montague-close on the morning of the 15th of February, and gave information to Bowman—he and Edwards joined me—I got into a boat with Edwards we went at the counting-house window—there was a light in the warehouse—as soon as they heard us they put it out—I saw two men in the warehouse—I swear the prisoners are the two men—I am certain of them—Smith, was handing fish to Tandy—I seized Tandy, and Edwards Smith, but he got from him, and struck at me with this crow-bar—he went toward the counting-house window—I saw him in custody about an hour after—I counting-house window—I saw him in counting house with Tandy.


Smith. Q. Where were you when I struck at you? A. Standing at one end of the casks, and you were on the other—Edwards prevented the blow from striking me—I saw a desk in the counting-house broken open.





WILLIAM BOWMAN
. I am watchman of Montague-close. On the 15th my attention was called to Hibernia wharf—something was said to me by Frampton—I listened, and heard somebody inside, and heard something distinctly break inside—I waited some time, but all the place in front was completely fast, so that nobody could enter there—I called Edwards—I watched the window of the counting-house, and saw the prisoner Smith get out of it—he ran along the quay of the warehouse, and jumped into the water, nearly breast high, then made his way towards the steps under the bridge—I followed him, and Edwards called out to know if I had got him—I said, "Yes"—he then turned round, and said, "You b—b—, if you offer to touch me I will kill you"—he immediately struck me on the neck—I pursued him, without losing sight of him, till he was stopped by Tomkins, in Tooley-street, nearly opposite Fenning's wharf—I saw the book, chisel and lucifer-box produced, taken from his pocket—there were some matches in the lucifer-box when the constable took it, I believe—I examined the counting-house, and observed the window; it appeared, by the marks and indentations made in the shutters, that this large bar had done it, as it completely matched the marks—I examined the desk, and the marks on that, fitted this chisel found in Smith's pocket.





WILLIAM JAMES KENNEDY
. I am a labourer at Hibernia wharf, in Mr. Alderman Humphery's service. On the night of the 14th I left the premises at seven o'clock—I shut them up, and fastened the counting-house window with a screw, which went from the bottom sash into the shutter, and fattened inside—the shutters were shut—here is the screw—it is broken—on breaking that they could take the shutter down, and pull the top sash down—I saw the iron chest in the strong room—it had been removed from its proper place, where it had been the night before.





MR. ALDERMAN JOHN HUMPHERY
. I am proprietor of the warehouse and premises in Montague-close, in the parish of St. Saviour, Southwark. I know I left it—it was locked up in the desk—I noticed it—I had the key of the desk in my pocket, and here is the lock, which was forced off—my name is in the book—the iron chest is where one of my clerks keep money—it was not broken open, but taken out of its place, in all appearance, to be put into a lighter, and there was money in it—we have lost a great deal of property before this—there was a firkin of butter, which one of the clerks had received the night before, taken into a lighter.





WILLIAM FRAMPTON

re-examined. I saw a lighter, about a quarter before three o'clock, and saw a man on the quay—the lighter laid alongside Mr. Humphery's wharf—it moved off afterwards—a man, in a short blue jacket and trowsers was in it—it was moved away while we were inside the ware house.

Smith. I was never seen about the wharf, and I was never near it; my work is always lower down.





MR. ALDERMAN HUMPHERY
. I do not recollect his face exactly, but there are such a number of men, I do not recollect him personally.

Smith's Defence. I had been at work at the Commercial Dock,

enjoying myself with some friends, and it was rather late, and I was rather fresh; I was coming up in a boat; there were two men in the boat; just by London-bridge I found a man's hand in my pocket; I said, "Halloo, what are you after?" I had a "Ready Reckoner" in my pocket, which I kept to calculate my wages; the book was taken out of my pocket; I asked the man what he was doing; he said he had taken nothing from me; I said, "You have a book of mine;" he said, "Here is your book," and threw this one down on the seat of the boat; I took it up, supposing it was mine, and put it into my pocket, and, in the tussle, fell overboard; I swam ashore: there was a cry of "Stop thief;" I ran along to the steps; a man caught hold of me; I said, "Let go of me, I am not going to be drowned by a parcel of thieves;" I did not have the chisel or lucifer-box.





MR. ALDERMAN HUMPHERY

re-examined. The counting-house is inside the warehouse—the window which goes into the counting-house it part of the warehouse—the doors of the warehouse are much stronger than the shutters of the counting-house—you cannot get into the counting-house fairly without going into the warehouse.
(William Attenbury, a tailor;—Heath, butcher, Charles-street, St. George's;—Barber, hatter, Southwark-bridge-road; gave Tandy a good character.)

SMITH-


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—

Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Tindal.

