



1377. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering counterfeit coin, having been previously convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint—I produce an examined copy of the record of the prisoner's former conviction in April sessions, 1843.





PATRICK M'MAHON
 (police-constable D 188.) I was present at his trial in April last year—the prisoner is the person who was tried and convicted—(read.)






JOHN MAY
, shoemaker, Chelsea. On the 19th of April last I saw the prisoner in the New-road, Chelsea—he had some oranges for sale—I bought some of them—they came to 2d.—I tendered a half-crown—he gave me 2s. 4d. change, which I put in my left hand coat pocket—I had no other money in either pocket—about three hours after, I looked in my pocket—in the interval I had not changed my money, or received money from any one else—I found the 2s. 4d. where I had placed it, and found one of the shillings to be a bad one—I put that apart from all other money, and kept it so till I gave it to the policeman on the Friday following.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you state at Queen-square that you had known me five years? A. No, I had known you by sight a considerable time—I did not state a limited time—I did not know where you lived—I never saw you again till you were in custody—I am no relation of the policeman—you were selling the oranges in a small hand-basket.





EDWARD SYMES
 (police-constable B 182.) In consequence of something that occurred on the 23rd of April I went to May on the 26th of April—I received this shilling from him—I have kept it separate from all other money ever since.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you hold me while the other policeman went to the King's Head public-house? A. Yes.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did he, while you were holding him, give any account of this shilling that has been produced by May? A. Yes, he said he had gone into a tobacconist's shop close by for a pennyworth of tobacco, and gave he woman half-a-crown, and took the bad shilling in change—Friendship took him to the tobacconist's shop—I was with him—what he speaks of has reference to another shilling passed at a beer shop in the New-road.





ANN O'KEEFE
. I am the daughter of David O'Keefe, who keeps a chandler's shop in Alfred-place, New-road, Chelsea. On Tuesday, the 23rd of April, about nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my father's shop for a pennyworth of tobacco—I served him—he gave me 1s.—I noticed it, tried it between my teeth, and took it in to my father in the parlour—he came into the shop, and the prisoner was given into custody—I gave the same shilling to my father.





DAVID O'KEEFE
. My daughter came to me with a shilling—I received it from her—it was a bad one—I found the prisoner in the shop—I told him he must have known it was a bad one—he said he did not—I cut it in two with the scissors, gave the prisoner into custody, and gave the shilling to the policeman.

Prisoner. Q. When you told me it was bad did not I put my hand in my pocket, and give you a good one, and tell you I had taken the bad one at a tobacconist's? A. Yes—you said your mother lived two streets off—you staid in my shop a quarter of an hour while I waited for a policeman—you said you would stop till the policeman came—I called the policeman on duty in as he passed—you took up the shilling again and said it looked a very good one—I took it out of your hand—you did not throw it on the counter.





JOHN FRIENDSHIP
 (police-constable B 159.) On the evening of the 23rd of April I was called into Mr. O'Keefe's shop and received the prisoner into custody—I received these parts of a shilling from Mr. O'Keefe.

Prisoner. Q. Was not the shilling lying on the counter when you came into the shop? A. I am not positive—you went with me to Knightsbridge, where you said you had received it—they did not know you—they said they had only taken one half-crown that day, and that was of an old man in the morning, and they had never seen you during the whole of the day—the pot-boy at the King's Head said you had been there, but had nothing to drink—they

had put you out of doors—before the magistrate Bartrup, a policeman, brought a shilling, which he said he had received from a gentleman at Knightsbridge—you were remanded till Monday, and Bartrup then attended with the gentleman, but not in your presence—he could not identify you as the person he received it from.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. These two shillings produced are both counterfeit, and both cast in the same mould.

Prisoner's Defence. I never sold oranges in the street; my mother can say I never hawked oranges in the street.





JOHN MAY

re-examined. I have known the prisoner three or four years by sight—I had never seen him sell any articles in the street—I never saw him selling oranges before.





MARY SMITH
. I am the prisoner's mother. During the time he was with me he endeavoured to get an honest living—I borrowed 5s. for him to buy fruit, ginger-beer, and oranges, which he sold in a little standing by Sloanesquare, Chelsea—he never hawked oranges about—he sold oranges, nuts, and things at the stand.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

