



1445. 




JOHN WILLIAMS



, stealing 1 waistcoat, and other articles, value 2s.; 1 half-crown, 9 shillings, three sixpences, and two halfpence; the property of 



Charles Moody; having been before convicted.






CHARLES MOODY
. On 26th June, about three o'clock in the morning, went to bed at a lodging-house—I had 13s. 1d. in my waistcoat pocket—I put my waistcoat under my head—I bad seen the prisoner that evening it the house—about half-past eight, Duggan, who slept in the room, awoke me, and I missed my waistcoat, handkerchief, stockings, and money—something was told me, and I went after the prisoner, and found him in Brick-lane; I asked him for my money, he said he had not got it; I asked him what he had done with it, he said he had not had it, and threatened to knock my b—y eye out—I held him—a policeman came and searched him; some money and my waistcoat and handkerchief were found on him—these are them (produced)

Prisoner. Q. Was not I coming back to you when you came to me? A, You were coming that way—we had not supped together—I never saw you before.





JOHN DUGGAN
. I slept in the next bed to Moody—the prisoner came to my bed first and shook me—I saw him go to Moody's bed, and take the things from under his head—I was only half awake—he chucked the cost under the bed, took the money out of the waistcoat, put it into his pocket, and left the room—I awoke Moody.

Prisoner. Q. How soon did you wake him? A. Not half a minute after wards, while you were going down stain—I have not said I wished I had a case like yours every Session to get the expenses, and I could do without work.





THOMAS HUGHES
 (policeman, H 52). I took the prisoner—he denied all knowledge of the charge—I took him to the station, and found on him 9s. 6d. 1d., this waistcoat, stockings, and handkerchief.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
. I produce a certificate—(read—Christopher Wren



convicted October, 1844; confined one year)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.





GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

