



36. 




DAVID JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 half-sovereign, 1 shilling, 3 pence, and 2 halfpence; the monies of 



Joseph James Catchpole, from the person of 



Jane Catchpole.







JANE CATCHPOLE
. I am the wife of Joseph James Catchpole, of Collingwoodmews. On Saturday evening, the 11th of Nov., about half-past nine o'clock, I was in the shop of Mr. Wright, cheesemonger, Tottenham-court-road, on the bacon side of the shop, and had half-a-sovereign in a piece of paper, 3s. 4d., and two half-pence in my pocket—there was a great crowd in the shop—while I was at the counter a boy came to me, and from what he said I felt in my pocket, and missed all my money except 2s—the boy went out, and fetched the prisoner in—I said I had lost half-a-sovereign—he said he had not been in the shop, and afterwards said he came in to look for his sister, and he had a half-sovereign which he could well account for—the constable was there—only a shilling, two penny pieces, and a few half-pence were found on him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. The half-sovereign he said he had was not found? A. No—I did not hear him say he had a half-sovereign, a shilling, and a few coppers—I do not recollect saying so—he put his hand into his pocket, and pulled out a shilling—this signature to this deposition is in my writing—(Read," The prisoner said he had a half-sovereign of his own, and a shilling, and some copper. ")





WILLIAM MOSS
. I live in Tottenham-place, and work for Mr. Wright. On Saturday, the 11th of Nov., I saw Mr. Catchpole come into he shop—the prisoner followed her in—I had seen him and another before, outside, keep quite close to the ladies, who looked at things in the window—at one time he came very close to them, which made me suspect him—when he came into the shop I watched him, saw him go quite close to Mr. Catchpole, and lift up her gown—she turned her head, and he dropped the gown—he took it up again, put his right hand into her pocket, held it up with his left hand—he let her dress fall—I turned my head to a customer, turned again, and saw him walking out very quickly—I went and asked if the prosecutrix had lost anything, ran out immediately, and brought the prisoner back—he had two companions—one of them whistled, and the prisoner said, "Why the deuce don't he come?"—I gave the prisoner in charge for picking a lady's pocket of half-a-sovereign—he was taken into the shop, and the prosecutrix said, "I have lost half-a-sovereign"—he said he had half-a-sovereign of his own, which he could well account for—I did not hear him say he had any other money—he said nothing about halfpence—he put his hand into his pocket, drew it out, and said, "There is all the money I have"—I did not see what it was.

Cross-examined. Q. He did not say he had a shilling and some halfpence? A. No—I am quite sure of that—I never said he did—I do not exactly remember every thing, as the crowd was pushing about—I had not time to tell the lady what he was about the first time, as my attention was called away to get some cheese for a customer—I was outside the shop door—it happened inside—it was a foot and a half from the door—the shop was well lighted—I saw this plainly—I saw him put his hand into her pocket—I went and took him in half a minute—I spoke to the constable, who was about two yards off—if I had mentioned it before I should have got knocked down.





THOMAS CAVE
 (police-constable E 54.) On the 11th of Nov. Moss gave the prisoner in charge for picking a lady's pocket of half-a-sovereign in the shop—the prisoner said he had never been in the shop at all—I took him to the proseeutrix at the shop door, and asked what she had lost—she said half-a-sovereign, a shilling, and some copper—he declared he had never seen her—I took him into the shop—some customers identified him as having been standing by the side of the prosecutrix—he then owned having been in the shop, and said he went in to look for his sister; that he had half-a-sovereign, which was his own money—he took out a shilling, three pence, and two halfpence—I asked him where the half-sovereign was which he said he could account for—he then denied saying he had a half-sovereign.


Cross-examined. Q. Did the boy come to you? A. Yes—I was ten or twelve yards from the shop—the prisoner was on the pavement, about a yard and a half from me—he said nothing about having a shilling or halfpence till he got into the shop—he then took out a shilling and some halfpence, and said that was all the money he bad—I found no paper on him—he was standing with several others in the street.




GUILTY.* * Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

