



576. 




SARAH LYONS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 half-crown, 1 shilling, and 4 pence, the monies of 



Henry Wheeler, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY WHEELER
. I live in Carlisle-street, Lambeth, and am a labourer—I met the prisoner about one o'clock in the morning, on the 20th Jan., just by the Horns, at Kennington—it was a very wet night, and I had an umbrella—the prisoner appeared intoxicated, and she asked to come under the umbrella—I told her she had better go home, but she persevered, and came under my umbrella—she had not gone far before I found her hand in my pocket—I suspected my watch might go, and I put the chain inside—I took hold of her hand, and kept it—I saw the policeman, and I gave her to him, and I told him she had robbed me—he took her, and gave me his light to walk behind them—I saw her drop a sixpence and some coppers, and soon after a half-crown and some more coppers—I had had one half-crown, two shillings, a sixpence, and fourpence, which was perfectly safe when I left a friend at Brixton—it had taken me about an hour to walk from there to Kennington—I had felt outside my pocket several times on the road.

Prisoner. I asked to Walk under his umbrella, and I had not walked far before he put his hand into my bosom; I said, "I have some money there;" he said, "It is mine," and he gave me to the policeman, in the way to the station it slipped down, as I had no busk to my stays; there were two half-crowns, one shilling, and some half-pence; he did not mention about any half-crown till he found one; he only said shillings.





JAMES DRAPER
 (police-constable L 70.) I received the prisoner in charge—she had been drinking a little, but the prosecutor was quite sober—he charged her with robbing him of a half-crown, a shilling, and fourpence in coppers—she denied it—just before we got to the workhouse she dropped a sixpence and two penny-pieces, and just before we got to the station she dropped a half-crown, two penny-pieces, and a halfpenny—she said there was a shilling more, but we did not find that—she said there was a hole in

her pocket, but we searched and could not find one—fourpence in copper was found on her.

Prisoner. I had no pocket on; it is not likely I should say I had a hole in it.

Witness. She had—I examined her pocket, and some snail piece of biscuit were in it, and fourpence in halfpence.





HENRY WHEELER

re-examined. I had four penny pieces—there were four penny-pieces and a halfpenny found in the road, and fourpence in her pocket—I am quite clear I felt her hand in my pocket, and then missed my money.

Prisoner. The prosecutor has been to my friends trying to extort money from them. Witness. No: the parties called on me, and wished me to do so—I said, No, I had given the evidence, and I must proceed with it.





SAMUEL GARDNER
 (police-constable L 193.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the clerk of the peace at Newington—I know the prisoner, she is the person described in this certificate—(read—Convicted on the 5th of July, in the 5th Vict, and confined twelve months.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

