



1018. 




JAMES CLIFFORD
 was indicted

 for assaulting 



Jeronimo Cols✗, and putting him in fear, and stealing from his person, &c., 5 half-crown, his monies, and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the prosecution.






JERONIMO COLA
 (through an interpreter.) I am a looking-glass frame maker, and live at Back-hill, Hatton-garden. On Sunday evening, the 4th of April, I was at a public-house—after leaving, I stopped round the corner to make water—while so stopping, three men came round me—the prisoner was one of them—he put his hand on my mouth, another put his arm round my waist, and the third took my money from my pocket—I lost five half-crowns, two shillings, and some halfpence—I heard them say "right" when they took it—I understood that—the one that had got me round the waist threw me down on the ground—they then all left me—the policeman afterwards came up with the prisoner—I afterwards found a half-crown, a shilling, and a penny, on the ground near me.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. How much had you been drinking? A. A pint of beer—the man who had his hand in my pocket said it was all right—there was no lamp near.

MR. CAARTREN.
Q. Are you certain the prisoner is the man that held your mouth? A. Yes; the re was a light under the arch, which was about as far from the street as to the door of this Court—there were lights in the street—the archway is a thoroughfare—on the one side there is a street, on the other a court, and then another street—I think there is a lamp in the middle of the court—it was not so dark as to prevent my seeing the prisoner's face—I do not recollect what sort of a night it was—it was not raining.

COURT.
Q. Do you know whether either of the men that surrounded you had been in the public-house? A. There were three or four men there—I cannot say whether the men who came up to me in the court were either of them.





CHARLES SMITH
 (police-constable G 240.) On the 4th of April, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I heard a scuffling, and a cry of "Oh, police"—I saw Cola on the ground, and the prisoner on him—there were two others there who ran away before the prisoner got off him—they all got up as nearly as they could together, but I distinctly saw the prisoner get up off him—he was dressed as he is now—he ran straight into Gray's-Inn lane,

to a public-house which has two doors to it—I ran in at the side down, to prevent his coming in at the front, with his associates—I caught sight of him again running into the next court, and did not lose sight of him again till I took him into custody—he was not a minute out of my sight—I is no thoroughfare—he said, "policeman, what have I done? You can take me, what have I done?" I bought him back to the prosecutor—I found on him fourpence halfpenny in copper, two duplicates, and one affidavit—as I was pursuing him, I heard money drop from his person, which sounded like a half-crown—I did not look over the place where the prosecutor was—he was in Gray's-Inn-lane when I took the prisoner back—it was in Fox-court that I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor together—there was a lamp ten or fifteen yards from the place—I have no doubt that the prisoner is the man that got off the prosecutor—I lost sight of him in turning the corner of Gray's Inn-lane—he ran towards the front door of the public-house—he could not get in at the side-door—I pursued him to the side-door to prevent his coming in at the front.

Cross-examined. Q. Were his associates with him when he got to the front-door? A. There was no one person ran out of Fox-court besides him, but I fancy his associates were in the house—I have seen him about with them—I heard the money drop at the corner of Charlotte-buildings, where he turned down, and I took him—I did not look for the money as I brought him back, as he made resistance there—that was thirty yards from where I took him—it was not just at the spot where the money dropped that he made resistance—I sprung my rattle for assistance—I did not look for the money till I had been to the station—I returned in an hour with another constable, searched, and found nothing—I pursued the prisoner as quickly as I could—there was nobody in the street or court but the prisoner—Fox-court is not a dark place—I was ten or twelve yards off when I first saw him and the prosecutor—I heard the cry of "Police" before I saw them—the moment they heard my footsteps, they ran off—I had no lamp—I was in my uniform—they being in a dark spot had a better opportunity of seeing me, where the lamp was, than I had of seeing them—the lamp shone almost to the edge of where the roof of the court is—I do not know whether the there men all ran in the same direction—I kept my eye on the prisoner—the other two appeared to be in dark clothes—I should say it is ten or twelve yards from Gray's-Inn-lane to the entrance of the court where the prosecutor was on the ground—the prisoner was just running at the corner when I came up—he had not gone above ten yards—he had not got into Gray's-Inn-lane—one end of Fox-court goes into Gray's-Inn-lane, and the other in Gravel-lane, or Brook-street—I was at the end towards Brook-street when I first saw the prisoner—the archway comes into Gray's-Inn-lane—the prosecutor was ten or twelve yards from Gray's Inn-lane—I did not speak to him at all—I left him on the ground, and followed the prisoner.

MR. CAARTEEN.
Q. Was it before you had come to the spot where you heard the money drop that the prisoner made resistance? A. Somewhere about the spot—he slipped his handkerchief—I said I should hit him if he did, and he said he would go quietly—he did not go through the public-house, he ran against the front door—I ran in at the side—I did not lose sight of him again till I took him into custody.

MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. How far is the public-house from where you took him? A. Not above eighty or ninety yards.




GUILTY
*. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

