




1458. 




ELOY JACQUES DESCHAMPS
 and 




FELICITE DESCHAMPS
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of April, 3 artificial flowers, value 2s.; 1 crown, 12s., 1 sixpence, and 1 groat, the property of 



George Watts.

(The prisoners being foreigners, had the evidence communicated to them by an interpreter.)





CASSANDRA WATTS
. I am the wife of George Watts, of Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square. On the 24th of April, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoners came into our shop together, and asked to look at some artificial flowers in the window—the woman spoke—I showed them to her—she chose three of them—I put them into paper and gave them to her—she told the male prisoner to pay for them—he said he had no change, could I change a sovereign?—I said, "Yes, Sir," and the female walked out of the shop with the flowers—I put 17s. 10d. on the counter, and said I had not sufficient change, and must trouble him to send for change—he immediately put a farthing down instead of a sovereign, and instantly took up the 17s. 10d., and said, "Never mind, I will call tomorrow," and ran out of the shop—it was all done instantly—I detected my mistake, and when Mr. Watts came in, he went and gave information to the police—I took up the farthing, supposing it to be a sovereign, but the prisoner was gone—my husband came home in a quarter of an hour—I saw the prisoners at the station on the 7th of May—I had never seen them before the 24th of April—the male prisoner was shown to me at the station, and I saw the female next morning, pass the shop with a policeman—I am certain the prisoners are the persons—I know them both by their general appearance—when I saw the male prisoner at the station, I said, "You are the man that came to the shop and gave me a farthing for a sovereign"—he appeared not to understand me—he made some answer in French—I gave the farthing to the policeman—the male prisoner had a cloak on at the shop.





MARTHA WILSON
. I saw the prisoners together in my shop on Friday, May the 7th—the man was taken into custody after leaving my shop two or three minutes—the woman had run out of the shop, and was taken next morning—I am sure she is the person—I saw her next morning at the station—they both spoke English while they were in my shop.

E. J. Deschamps. I was not in her shop at all—I cannot speak English, nor can my wife. Witness. I am quite sure of them.





THOMAS WALLIS
. I am a policeman. The male prisoner was given into my custody on the 7th of May, by Mr. May, who keeps the shop where Miss Wilson lives—he had a cloak on of the description Mrs. Watts had given.





GEORGE PIPER
 (police-constable E 1.) I produce a farthing, which I

received from Mrs. Watts, on the night of the 24tb—it was quite new and bright—it had not been gilt.

Eloy Jacques Deschamp's Defence. I have never teen the prosecutrix at all—I have only been six weeks in this country, and cannot speak a word of English—I could not make any one understand when I was apprehended.

Felicite Deschamp's Defence. I have nothing more to say than my husband has said.

E. J. DESCHAMPS—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

F. DESCHAMPS—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—



Confined Six Months.
(There were two other indictments against the male prisoner.)
