









1168. 



THOMAS HOWLETT,



 ROBERT ARCHER,



 WILLIAM BARRETT,


 BENJAMIN PROPHETT,



 HENRY DAVIS,



 GEORGE LOWERS
, and 



WILLIAM BRIGDEN



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Alfred Thomas, at Camberwell, and stealing 1lb. weight of cigars, 1lb. weight of tobacco, 32 glass jars, 48lbs. weight of sweetmeats, 240 toys, and other articles, value 5l.; his goods.


MESSRS. BODKIN and conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH THOMAS.
 I am the wife of Alfred Thomas, a tailor—we keep a confectioner's shop in Southampton-place, Southampton-street, Camberwell—it is our dwelling-house. About half-past twelve o'clock, on 13th March, I heard a noise in the street, went to the door, saw a crowd, and began to put up the shutters—I got them all up, and the bar—I had not sufficiently screwed the bolt before Howlett came up and began to take them down—others came up, and took all the shutters down, and broke the windows, and some of the frames—they took my property from the window—I noticed all the prisoners there—Prophett took a bottle of almonds out of the window—there were cigars, and other things of the same sort, about 10l.-worth—some trifling

things have been shown me since—all the prisoners had sticks and palings in their hands—there were a great many people about.

Howlett. I came up, and asked if I should help you put the shutters up: Witness. No; you took them down, and threw them into the road—I knew you before—I had seen Brigden before





JOHN AVERY
 (policeman, L 155.) I was at the Police-court at Lambeth—Mrs. Thomas tole me Lowers was one of the persons—he said she was quite mistaken, he was not here—I found this stick concealed under his coat—he was taken in the Court—he was not brought there in custody.





ALEXANDER MARNO
 (policeman, T 54.) I took Barrett by the side of the Surrey Canal—I found on him some articles which apply to this case.





WILLIAM SUMMERTON.
 I live in Camberwell. I saw Barrett and Prophett near Mrs. Thomas'—I saw Barrett take something out of the window—I gave him into custody—Prophett took something out.

Prophett. Q. The first time I was examined, what did you say I had on? A. I said I could not swear to anything—I thought you had a light coat on—I was about twenty-five yards from you when at the window—I did not see you break the window—I swore to you the first time I saw you—I am not paid to come up—I was not in the mob—I followed Barrett, and gave him into custody—I lost sight of you—there were 400 or 500 persons round the shop.





CHARLES JECKS
 (police-sergeant, T 20.) I took Barrett—I found in his pocket these two spoons.

MRS. THOMAS
re-examined. This bottle of carraways was taken from my window—these are my spoons.





BARNABAS CHARLES BLESSED.
 I am a shoemaker, and live three doors from Mrs. Thomas's. I was attending to my own house—I did not see the prisoners till they came to my window—I saw Archer, Lowers, and Barrett—after the mob was partly passed, Prophettran by—he struck at my window.

Archer. I was not there; I was shutting up a shop in the Walworth-road at the time.

Lowers. Q. How was I dressed? A. I cannot tell—you had a bit of paling in your hand.





EDWIN SIDNEY BRENNAN.
 I am a baker, near Mr. Gilford's and Mr. Thomas's shop—it would take ten minutes or a quarter of an hour to walk from one to the other. I saw Prophett at Mr. Gilford's about half-past twelve o'clock.

Prophett. Q. I was not near the place; how were you looking? A. Out of my window, which was down—I can swear to your features—I looked at you for two or three minutes—I recognise you by your face—I came up to the Polcie-court on the first remand day—you were ranged out, and I recognised you then.





WILLIAM JAMES BUCHAMAN.
 I am a surveyor of highways, and a constable of Camberwell. On 13th March I took Davis into custody—I found on him these sweetmeats, boot, cap, and plums—as I was taking him to the vestry-hall this bodkin-case and thimble fell from him—he had this stick on him.

MRS. THOMAS
re-examined. This needle-case and thimble are mine.





GEORGE CORBETT.
 I am a shoemaker, in South-street. I gave Davis into Buchanan's custody, twenty or thirty yards from Mr. Grey's, near one o'clock—he was in the part of the mob that was dispersing from Mr. Grey's—I saw Prophett in the mob, and saw Archer breaking windows in South-street, at the same time.


Archer. I was not there at all; it is the first time he has ever stated that, Witness. I stated the same thing at Kennington-lane.

Prophett. Q. Did you recognise me at the station? A. Yes; the sergeant did not ask me if I knew you—I did not say I thought I knew you, nor that I did not—the clerk did not put words in my mouth—I swear I saw you in the mob.

Prophett's Defence. If they saw me they must know my old coat, which I have here; if a person could tell my face they could swear to a coat like this.

Archer's Defence. My master was here on Saturday to give me a character; I was not there; I was shutting up his shop all this time.
(Charles Markland, Stephen Augustus Day, and Martha Webster, gave Davis a good character.)

HOWLETT and BRIGDEN—


NOT GUILTY.


ARCHER—GUILTY. Aged 15; and DAVIS—


GUILTY. Aged 16.—




Confined One Year.


BARRETT—


GUILTY. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.


PROPHETT—


GUILTY.


LOWERS—


GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years more.

