




1982. 



HENRY TURNER
 and 



THOMAS BLANCHETT



, stealing 8, 160 cards, value 3l.; the goods of 



John Dickenson and another, the masters of Turner; to which


TURNER pleaded 


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL COOMBS
 (City-policeman, 16). I was employed by Messrs, Dickenson to watch their premises, on Tuesday morning, 8th Aug., about seven o'clock—I had seen Turner before that—I saw him come to the premises about ten minutes before seven that morning—he unlocked the door, went in, and came out again—he looked up the Old Bailey, and then down towards Ludgate-hill—he then went into the warehouse—I then saw Blanchett come from the direction of Ludgate-hill—he went into the warehouse, and remained there about three minutes—before he came out, Turner came to the door, looked up the Old Bailey and down again—he went back, and just at that moment Blanchett came out with this bag on his shoulder and a blank piece of paper in his hand—he went down the Old Bailey towards Ludgate-hill—I went up to him at the corner of Carter-lane—I took him and his bag—this is it—it contains these two half-grosses of cards, one small and the other large—one of the wrappers is marked—I told him who I was, and that I took him for stealing—he said nothing, but laughed at me.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How far was he from the ware-house?


A. At the corner of Carter-lane, in St. Paul's Churchyard—I did not see him take this bag into the warehouse—if he had taken it in, exposed I must have seen it—I was twenty or twenty-five yards from the warehouse.





ALEXANDER LANE
. I have been nine years in the service of Messrs. Dickenson—I have seen Blanchett come to the warehouse after Turner—I have seen them drinking together.

Cross-examined. Q. Has he ever sold you any hats? A. No—he has sold hats to Turner.





GEORGE ROTHSEY
. I am a clerk, in the employ of Mr. John Dickenson and another—I examined the cards in the bag at the Police-court—they are my employers—there are two half-gross and some loose cards—they are worth about 3l.—Turner had no authority to sell them.

Cross-examined. Q. He was your foreman A. Yes; he had been about five years in the service—he had the delivery of goods, and the taking goods in, and sending them out—the premises usually open at twenty minutes or half-past seven o'clock—that is the time they ought to open—I generally get there at nine.

BLANCHETT—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

