




1390. 



MICHAEL ISAACS
, and 



JOHN LEWIS
, were indicted for

 breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Edward Arnold, on the 
18th of March, at St. Olave, Southwark, and stealing therein, 2,570lbs. weight of rags, value 21l.; and 21 bags, 14s., his property.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM CRUTTENDEN
. I am a carman, and live in Cherry-garden-street, Bermondsey. I know the two prisoners—Lewis was formerly in Isaacs' service—on Friday evening, the 17th of March, between seven and eight o'clock, Isaacs came to me—he said he wanted me to move some rags from Mr. Arnold's to Mr. Pewtress's—I was to be at Arnold's at six o'clock in the morning—he came to me next morning about a quarter past five with another person, not Lewis—it was the same person that came with him overnight—he told me to go to Mr. Arnold's with the van to shift some rags to Mr. Pewtress's—I was to back the van alongside Mr. Arnold's warehouse, and load them in—I had been to Mr. Arnold's warehouse before for Isaacs—he dealt there—I have taken rags there for him to sell—I went with the van—the other went with me—he was a lad—I got to Mr. Arnold's warehouse about six o'clock, and backed

my van under the crane—I saw Lewis there when I got there—I was in the van—Lewis put the rags into the van—he hooked them on to the crane, which lowered them down—I did not see Isaacs at that time—there was about fourteen bags, about 16 cwt. I should guess—I saw nothing more of Lewis till he got to Mr. Pewtress's—he did not come into the van that I saw—I did not see Isaacs—I went down the Borough, round by Horsemonger-lane—I did not go through any turnpike—I went the straight road—I got to Mr. Pewtress's about seven o'clock, and found Lewis and the other man there to take the bags out of the van into the warehouse—I looked across the road and saw Isaacs waiting there—there was nobody to do business on Mr. Pewtress's part—I saw nobody but a young lad going in at the side door—the rags were pitched down against the wall of Mr. Pewtress's warehouse—it was about seven o'clock in the morning—I have not been paid—I was to have had 1l.—the fair price for the job was about 7s. or 8s.—I went about a mile altogether—Isaacs proposed to give me 1l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How came you by Horsemonger-lane? A. We went round by the low side, and turned to the right, that brings us very near Mr. Pewtress's side door—Isaacs did not speak to me at Mr. Pewtress's—he did not interfere with the arrival of the van, nor go into Mr. Pewtress's that I saw.





WM. TAYLOR SMITH
. I live with my father at No. 3, South-street, Maze. On Saturday morning, the 18th of March, I got up about half-past five o'clock—there is a gate before my father's premises—as I stand there I can see Mr. Arnold's premises—I live adjoining them—about half-past five o'clock I was at my father's gate, and saw Cruttenden there with a van and the prisoners—I knew Isaacs before, and have often seen him—Lewis was helping him up at the top crane—Isaacs remained inside the warehouse while Lewis lowered the rags down on the crane into the van—I saw Isaacs helping Lewis with the crane—it winds inside, and wants steering outside to drop the goods into the van—Isaacs did not come out at all—he remained inside, but I had a clear view of him, and am certain it was him—the van went away about half-past six o'clock full of rags—after it was loaded Lewis jumped into the van, and it went up the Maze—I saw nothing more of Isaacs—I cannot tell how he got out—I directly told my mother what I had seen, and that I knew the persons—before I left I tried the premises—I pushed the half-batch door on the ground-floor, and found it was open, it was closed but not fastened—it gave when I pushed it—it was not fast within—there was none of Mr. Arnold's men there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How old are you? A. Going on for twelve—I go to school—I was standing against our gate which joins Arnold's premises, on the same side of the way—the top warehouse where Isaacs was is three floors up—Lewis jumped from the second floor—I looked up from the gate, and saw Isaacs at the third floor, and he came to guide the crane down to the van—I was standing close to the wall of the building—it was only when the crane was pushed out that I had a view of Isaacs—I never had a quarrel with him.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you seen Isaacs there before? A. Yes, several times, bringing rags to Arnold's.





CAROLINE WALDUCK
. I am the wife of John Walduck, of South-street. Smith lives next door but one to me—Mr. Arnold's warehouse joins our house—on Saturday morning, the 18th of March, I was up at a quarter or half-past six o'clock—I heard a noise in Mr. Arnold's warehouse—it attracted my attention, as the men do not come quite so early—I went to the bottom of the court to inquire the time—it was such a noise as a truck would make—when

I went to the door I saw the van—I did not take any particular notice—I saw one sack of rags dropped into the van—I did not see who lowered them—Cruttenden was there.





MICHAEL RYAN
. I am in the employ of Mr. Brewer, a marine store-dealer, of Bermondsey-wall. I know Isaacs well—on Friday, the 17th of March, about seven o'clock in the evening, I left my employer's premises—I met the prisoners and another party—the two went on before, and I got into conversation with Isaacs—he was talking about the badness of his business, the depression of trade, and several other matters, which I cannot exactly recollect—he did not mention the name of Arnold—he mentioned the name of Teddy—he said, "I should" or "would you like to have a load of Teddy's fines"—I did not know what he meant at first—I took it to be equivalent to what he had done before with Arnold, getting some of his goods, and not paying for them—I did not know what he meant till I heard of the robbery—there are certain rags called fines—I have been in the rag line, and was brought up to it from my boyhood—I did not make any answer—there was nothing transpired, except I said, "You will be getting yourself transported for life"—I think I said so afterwards.





EDWARD ARNOLD
. I was at my premises in the Maze, on Friday afternoon, the 17th of March, about two o'clock—it is in the parish of St. Olave, Southwark—Wheeler and Bryan are my servants there—Wheeler had the keys—there are three floors, and each floor has folding doors—the one on the ground floor is cut in two, and forms a hatch—they are fastened at night by two bars going across, one towards the bottom, and the other at the top—above the top bar is an aperture for a letter-box—if anything is introduced from the outside into the letter-box, the bar might be turned—the bar goes across the two doors, and is only fastened at one end—it is a shifting bar—I came to the premises next morning, about a quarter past nine o'clock, and found them broken open, and the property all gone—it is worth about 21l.—the price of seconds is 16s. a cwt.





JAMES WHEELER
. I am in Mr. Arnold's service. I was in the premises on Friday, the 17th of March, and left about half-past six o'clock, or a quarter to seven—before I left I secured the warehouse—I had the keys—there is a door at the side, which I locked when I went away—I secured the lower warehouse door with the two bars—I came to the warehouse next morning about a quarter or twenty minutes after seven, opened the side-door, and let myself in—I saw the half-hatch door of the front warehouse a little open, went in, and found the top bar on the ground, which would allow the upper hatch of the door to be pushed open—a man could then get in, and unfasten the doors inside—I went into the middle floor, and missed fifteen or sixteen bags of rags—there were twills among them—we had three bags of fines—they were not taken—they were all safe at seven o'clock on Friday evening when I left—twills are new pieces, they are more valuable than others—I found the hooks of the crane outside—they ought to have been inside—I supposed somebody had been using the crane—the rags were kept in the middle floor—it would require the assistance of a second person to get them out—they would want one man in the middle floor to guide the crane to the cart, and one up above to work it.





SAMUEL PEACH PEWTRESS
. I am a partner in the firm of Pewtress and Son (it is not the firm of Pewtress and Son in Gracechurch-street, a separate firm altogether) I live at No. 67, Newington-causeway, where we carry on business—I came down on Saturday morning, at eight o'clock, and saw some rags standing in the street, against the house—I gave 13s. a cwt for them, which is the price we always give for second rags, and no more, whether they are better or not—I do not know the parties they were bought of—I inqured

of our foreman who they were, but not of the parties—I paid 14l. 15s. for them—part of them were sent down to the mill on the Tuesday after the Saturday this took place—the rest have been mixed with others—they were mixed at the time they were delivered—they were shot out among other loose rags in the warehouse—I had been informed before that the rags were coming.





WILLIAM HENRY JOHNSON
. I am in the service of Pewtress and Son. On Saturday morning, the 18th of March, I got to the warehouse about seven o'clock, I found a van waiting there, and Cruttenden and Lewis with it, and a third man, whom I have not seen—it was not Isaacs—I said to Lewis, that he had come early with them—he said he had, because the young person wanted to go into the country—he asked me whether he could leave them by the warehouse door—I said he could if he liked—I refused to take them in—he asked if I could weigh them—I said, I could not till about ten o'clock—they were unloaded, and left by the warehouse door, outside—I rang the bell and went in—about five minutes after I went to the door again, and the van was gone, and the rags lying against the wall by the warehouse door, in the street—about eight o'clock I received the foreman's directions to weigh them—they weighed 22 cwt. 3qrs. some old pounds—I did not pay for them myself—my fellow-servant was by at the time—they called again.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you told us the very words Lewis used? A. Yes, to the best of my recollection—I weighed them, and my fellow-servant took the account of them on a slate.





WILLIAM PANNELL
. I am foreman to Pewtress and Son. I got to the warehouse about a quarter to eight o'clock on Saturday morning, and saw the rags standing against the wall, and saw Lewis and another man—the other man asked me if I could weigh them—I had seen Lewis and the other man two days previous—they came into the shop, and Lewis said "This person has got some rags coming up from the country," and asked what price we could give for some fine rags—I said 23s.—they asked what time I could take them in in the morning—I said we should not be able to take them in before nine or ten o'clock, I thought—next day the other man came alone—I afterwards saw the rags weighed by the boy—they weighed 22 cwt. 3 lbs. odd—I paid 14l. 16s. 3d. for them to the tall man in the fustian dress—he was with Lewis in the morning, but he came round into the shop, and I paid him the money—I did not know their names at the time, and did not ask.

COURT. Q. Did he give no receipt? A. We do not have a receipt—we take the amount on a slate—it is not a general rule for us to give or take bills—a great many come in during the day—it is not customary to ask the names of persons—the tall one came the second day, and said the principal part of the rags were seconds which had come up, and the others would be in on Monday.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did you first remember that Lewis had been to you two days before? A. I did not know whether his name was Lewis—I recollected it when I was before the Magistrate—my deposition was read over to me—they would not allow me time to mention it—Mr. Pewtress and I have not been talking this matter over—I have told him these two persons came two days before—Mr. Pewtress saw them as well as myself—I have had no conversation with him since about it, nor ever alluded to it—part of the rags were sent down to the mill, and some are now in the warehouse—they have not been given up to the prosecutor—part of them went to the mill either on Tuesday or Friday—this has been the usual habit of dealing since I have been with Mr. Pewtress—we have not been in the habit of giving or taking invoices.

COURT. Q. Where were these rags shot? A. In the warehouse, among

others of the same description—we keep the different sorts separate—we should not have shot them among the fines—there is a rapid demand for them at the mills sometimes—we supply the mills—they do not remain with us long—we only keep two sorts of rags, fines and seconds.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were these twills or seconds? A. We do not make any distinction between twills and seconds, nor in price, they are mixed all together—when these came in in the morning I looked at them, and took some of the twills to Mr. Pewtress before I weighed them, and said I thought there was a mixture of woollen among them, and asked him to look at them—he looked at two or three pieces, and said, "I don't think they are quite so good as they ought to be, but as there are not many of them let them go," or else we should have picked them out and returned them—the woollen would not do, if there was a great deal—twills are of a little more value than seconds; but we have but two prices, one for fines and one for seconds—we use all as seconds that are not fines—we do not sort them—they are sorted as they come in to us—if they are not right we pick them out at the time.





JAMES TIDMARSH
. I am a policeman. 1 received Lewis into custody—there were four examinations—Cruttenden was first in custody, and was admitted to bail by the Magistrate, after making a statement—the boy, Smith, was first examined on the second examination—he was remanded for the boy's attendance.





WILLIAM THOMAS SMITH

re-examined. I told my mother about this directly I left the place, that same morning—I told James Wheeler directly I saw him—it was more than a week after that I went before the Justice—I do not think anybody pointed out Isaacs to me—the policeman asked me whether that was the man—I directly said, "Yes"—I believed it was him—I have no doubt of him—I knew him well before—I told Wheeler, who had been there—I did not know where Isaacs lived—I knew his name—I told Wheeler next morning that I had seen Isaacs there.
(Thomas Jennings, ships' anchor-maker, Rotherhithe, deposed to Lewis's good character: and John Edwards, wholesale stationer, No. 5, Little St. Thomas the Apostle; and Lewis Nathan, clothes salesman, Paternoster-row, to that of Isaacs.)

ISAACS**—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


LEWIS—


GUILTY
.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor.






Confined Two Years.


Before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

