



2262. 




SAMUEL WAND
 was indicted

 for forging, on the 
12th of June, a certain deed, with intent to defraud 



James Christian Clement Bell and others,—other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Edward Trustram Wand.


MESSRS. ADOLPHUS, CLARKSON, and BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES FREDERICK FORD
. I am clerk in the Prerogative-office of Canterbury. I produce the will of one Lawrence Trustram, it was proved on the 26th of April, 1837.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is this will in your particular custody? A. No, the record keeper handed it to me.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did he deliver it to you in the Prerogative Office? A. Yes.
(The will was here read in part, it bequeathed the sum of 30l. a year to the children and grand-children of Elizabeth Wand, after the death of Mary Ann Fowler, the niece of the testator.)





THOMAS JAMES PEACHEY
. I am clerk in the office of the Reversionary Interest Society, in King's-arms-yard, Coleman-street. James Christian Clement Bell is one of the trustees—Robert Davis and William Whitmore are others—there are other shareholders, but no other trustees—I know the prisoner—he came to the office, I cannot say in what month, it was in this year, and offered a reversion for sale—he gave me no particulars except that it was a larger sum than some of his family had sold previously, but he could not state exactly the amount, as he did not know how many life tenants there were then living—he called himself Edward Wand—I cannot say whether he gave me any address at that time—I think he said he had been living at Finchley, but had removed from there—I think Finchley was mentioned, but I cannot say exactly—I made some inquiries respecting himself and family—he said he had been a baker—he said nothing particular about his family then—I cannot say whether he said anything about the testator—I gave him a printed form of proposal, and requested him to take it to a solicitor to get it filled up—he came in a few days after with his solicitor, a person named Walsh, and brought the proposal filled up in the course of a few days.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did he bring you the proposal at all? A. This is it—I do not know whether it was brought by him or his solicitor.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you ever see this in his presence, or have you conversed with him about it? A. No—I do not know his writing—I think it came when he was not present—I cannot be sure.

Cross-examined by
MR. SIMMONS. Q. How is this society constituted? A. By deed of settlement—I know of my own knowledge that James Christian Clement Bell is one of the trustees—I am clerk to the directors, and have been in the office since 1825—I did not ask the prisoner whether he had any other name than Edward—he did not say he had.





CHARLES WILSON
. I am managing clerk to Sir George Stephen, solicitor for the Reversionary Society. I attested the execution of this deed—I saw the prisoner execute it in my room, at Sir George Stephen's office, King's-arms-yard—there is a sum of 503l. so mentioned as the consideration money—that was paid to the prisoner by a cheque on the Bank of England,

for the sum of 503l. 10s.—this is it—it is filled up in the writing of one of the clerks in the office, and signed by the secretary of the directors.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were you the person that paid that? A. No—I think the secretary handed it over to him—I was in the office when he did so—I have not the slightest doubt of the prisoner being the person who executed the deed—I saw him sign it—I am quite certain—I had seen him several times before.—(The deed which was here read was dated 7th of June, 1843, by which Trustram Wand, baker, of Finchley, commonly called Edward Trustram Wand, though baptized Trustram Wand only, agreed to sell his share and interest in the Will of the said Laurence Trustram, to J. C. C. Bell, and others, for 503l. 10s.)

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was this paper also delivered to you by the prisoner? A. By his solicitor—the prisoner was not by at the time—it was signed by him—I do not know his writing except from having seen it on the deed—it is exactly like his signature—I believe it to be his—I saw him sign the deed. (This paper was a declaration made by the prisoner before Mr. Alderman Kelley of his title to the said money, and of his being the said Edward Trustram Wand.)





EDWARD TRUSTRAM WAND
. I am a baker, and reside at Finchley. I am one of the children of the late John Wand—he left six children—I had an uncle named William—my father was the son of Elizabeth Wand—my father's children were John, Elizabeth, Martha, Mary, Sarah, and myself—I do not know how many children my uncle William left, but I have been given to understand four—I am not positive whether one of them was named Ann—I was not much acquainted with the family—the prisoner was one of his sons—I am not positive whether he had a sister named Elizabeth—I knew him as being my cousin—the signature to this deed is not my handwriting—it was not written with my authority or knowledge—I had nothing to do with it in any way.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were you acquainted with the prisoner from childhood? A. No—I became acquainted with him sixteen or seventeen years ago—I suppose he is about thirty-five years of age—I knew his name from his being represented as my cousin, and knowing him to be one of the family.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What is his name? A. Samuel.





JOHN ANTLEY LEWIS BARNARD
. I am one of the clerks in the Bank of England. The Reversionary Interest Society keep an account there—I paid the cash for this cheque—I marked it.





THOMAS FRANCIS ROBINS
. I am a solicitor, and carry on business in Tokenhouse-yard. I know the prisoner—I acted for him in 1838, when he sold a reversionary interest to the Society in Charles-street, St. James's-square—his name at that time, as I understood it from him, was Samuel—there were two deeds, which I have here—one bears date the 2nd of March, 1838, and another the 16th of Nov. in the same year.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were you one of the attesting witnesses? A. I attested the execution by Samuel Wand to them both.





JAMES SALTER
 (police-constable V 15.) On the 20th of July last I went to the prisoner's house at Balham-hill—he was standing at the door of his house—I asked him his name—he said, "Wand"—I asked if it was Edward Wand—he said it was—I then told him I was come to apprehend him on a charge of forgery—he said if that was all, he should be able to make that right—I took him to the station, afterwards came back, and examined the house—I did not know it to be the prisoner's house before that—he had very lately lived there, and I was not aware that the other person had left the place—the

name of W. Wand was over the door, and the business of a corn-chandler was being carried on there—as we were going over Clapham-common to the station, he said his name was Edward Wand, that was the name he was always known by—I said there was the name of W. Wand over the door—he said that was a mistake of the painter's, and he had not had time to get it altered—on searching the house afterwards, I found this marriage certificate in a drawer—I did not take it with me then, but went next day and asked the wife for it—she gave it me—I am sure it was the same paper that I saw, and read, and left in the drawer.—(The certificate was of a marriage between samuel Wand, son of William Wand, and Margaret Bigger staff, at Brighton, on the 21st Nov., 1840.)





GEORGE RUSSELL
 (policeman.) I assisted in searching the prisoner's house when he was taken, and found these cards and papers in a writing-desk in the shop.—(The cards had on them "William Wand, corn and coal merchant;" there were some bills headed "William Wand, late Evans;" a receipt of William Wand to a sum of 138l. for the good-will and fixtures of the shop; and an agreement signed "John Evans," dated 5th June, 1843, engaging that he would not set up in business against William Wand.)





CHARLES WILSON

re-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. you mentioned an attorney to this person, was that a man named Walsh? A. Yes—he attended almost constantly at the office—he was present at the time I attested the execution of the deed—Walsh attested it with me—I saw Walsh a great many times in the course of this business.

Q. Did he not appear to you to be the person most active in making the arrangements, and directing the prisoner throughout? A. In the way of giving him advice, and assistance in making out his title, he was—it it always the case with solicitors—he was acting in the usual way that all solicitors act for parties coming to our office—I dare say I saw him more than a dozen times—I cannot say whether the cheque was handed to Walsh or the prisoner—Walsh came several times to the office when the prisoner was not present—I do not recollect the prisoner coming in Walsh's absence—I have not seen Walsh since the day on which the prisoner appeared at the Mansion-house and was committed—he was present there at the hearing—Walsh was the first person who gave information to me about the prisoner.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

