







1490. 




THOMAS COLLINS,



 CATHERINE COLLINS,



 MARY ANN COLLINS,


 MICHAEL RAGAN
, and 



CATHERINE RAGAN



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Mary Buckley, with intent to do her some grievous bodily harm.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY BUCKLEY
. I am the wife of Timothy Buckley, and live in Vine-yard, Tooley-street. On 27th May I was at home with him—Thomas and Catherine Collins came to the door, and Catherine Collins threw some milk over me—she tucked up her sleeves, and said to my husband, "You dirty old cripple! come out; I'll fight you myself!"—Thomas Collins said, "Have you got a man that will fight?"—Catherine Collins said, "He is not able to fight a man; I will fight him myself," and took her eap off, and struck my husband on the breast with a milk-pot—he was going for a policeman; they followed him: I went after him, and Mary Ann Collins laid hold of me by my hair—Thomas Collins held me by my hands, and Catherine Collins hit me on the temple with a poker, and knocked me down—the second blow was prevented by my husband—my head bled very much—I went to Mary Lynam, next door; Mary Ann Collins followed me; and Catherine Ragan said, "Follow her, Mary; you can manage her yourself, now"—Mary Lynam shut the door, and would not let them in—as I was going in, Catherine Ragan struck me on the eye with her fist—I was taken to the hospital, and was a fortnight in bed—I was coming home, but I got worse,

and was insensible two days and nights—Michael Ragan did not do anything to me; he did to my husband.

Thomas Collins. I did not put a hand near you; did not your brother come out, and catch hold of me, and say, "Would you fight me?" Witness. No.

Catherine Collins. Your brother did it; I went behind, and dragged the poker out of his hand.





TIMOTHY BUCKLEY
. I was at home with my wife, and heard a knocking at the door—it was Thomas Collins and his wife—Catherine Collins was after throwing milk at my wife—I closed the door, and she knocked again, and said, "Come out, you old b----r; I will fight you"—I stopped to see if she would go away, but she did not, and I said, "I will go for a policeman"—I went out, and my wife followed me—Mary Ann Collins, and her father and mother, caught my wife—I saw Catherine Collins strike my wife with the poker, Mary Ann Collins having her hair, and Thomas Collins holding her hands—I got her away, and a party came behind and chucked me down—Michael Ragan and Thomas Collins got hold of me at the back of my neck, held me down, and struck me—Ragan said he would break the rest of my bones—they tore my waistcoat and handkerchief; I do not know what became of it—my head was cut—I was picked up by Donovan—here is the waistcoat that I had on; it was new; I never wore it before—my wife was struck with the poker on the left temple—it did not knock her down; they had hold of her—it bled very much—she was in the hospital, and was insensible till the Tuesday night; we could not get her to speak.

Michael Ragan. Q. Did I hold you down? A. Yes, by the neck, till you were taken off—my waistcoat was not torn in my own house, but by you.





CORNELIUS DALEY
. I heard a noise, went out, and saw Mrs. Collins strike Mrs. Buckley on the head with the poker—I did not see the Ragans do anything as I went in.





MARY LYNAM
 Mrs. Buckley took refuge in my house—she was bleeding on the head—Mary Ann Collins came to the door, and said, "Send her out; let us have her life!"—she remained till the party scattered; she then went home—I saw her in bed the next day; she was not able to speak.





JAMES HURCOTT
 (policeman, M 114). On 27th May, late at night, I was called, and found Thomas Collins in his own house—I told him I took him for an assault on Mary Buckley; he said he had not done it—I asked him where his wife and daughter were; he said they were gone—I could not find them for nearly a month—I saw Mrs. Buckley the day after this, and the next day she could not speak; she came to her senses on the evening of the second day.





WILLIAM HINCHLIFF
 (policeman, M 85). I took Michael Ragan—I told him the charge, and he said whatever he had done to Mr. Buckley he was willing to pay for—on 19th June I went to Pancras-lane, and found Mary Collins; I said,"Mary, how came you to stay away so long?"—her mother began to cry—Mary Ann Collins said,"I did not do anything, it was my mother"—the mother then asked what her husband had got that day (it was the day he had been before the Magistrate); I told her he was remanded—I found this waistcoat in Buckley's house the next day, and some rags, covered with blood.





JOHN LANGFORD
. I am a surgeon of Guy's Hospital. Mary Buckley was brought there with a contused wound on her temple, about an inch long—the skin was divided—it might have been inflicted with a poker—it would have required some force—I wished her to remain in the hospital, but she was

desirous to go home—I dressed the wound, and sent the porter home with her.





THOMAS ROBINSON LEADHAM
. I am a surgeon. I was called in to see Mrs. Buckley a day or two after this—my assistant had seen her in the mean. time—had recovered her senses—had a contused wound on the left temple, about an inch long-wounds pf that kind on the head are, in most cases, attended by danger—she was not well for a month.

Catherine Calling's Defence. On the day before this I bad a few words with the prosecutrix; she illused me very much; the following day she came, and tried all she could to urge me to fight with her, but I would not; she spat in my husband's face, and struck him several times on the head with a broomstick; her husband and brother came out, and commenced striking my husband; her brother bad a poker in his hand, and was in the act of striking him with it; I took it out of his hand, and ran away with it to prevent mischief; they followed me, and so greatly assaulted me, that I fell to the ground, and they struck and kicked me unmercifully; I screamed "Murder!" when Ragan ran to my assistance, and asked them if they intended to mur der me; the fright rendered me insensible; I deny having struck the prosecutrix at all.

Thomas Collin's Defence. This woman was drunk on Saturday and Sunday; ihe ran out before me, and spat in my face; I turned back, and did not say a word to her; she then came out with a broomstick, and struck me with it, and her brother ran out with a poker, and they caught hold of me I am a quiet man; she is always doing this to me.

Michael Ragan's Defence. I was sitting by my door; I never struck Buckley or bit wife.

THOMAS COLLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 50.—



Confined One Year.

CATHERINE COLLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for seven years.

MARY ANN COLLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Month.

MICHAEL RAGAN—


GUILTY
.—



Confined One Year.

CATHARINE RAGAN—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Six Months,

