



927. 




RICHARD FOX
 was indicted

for stealing 6 handkerchiefs, value 4s., the goods of 



Henry Gladstone; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY GLADSTONE
. I keep a hosier's shop, in Newgate-street. On the 4th of Feb. I observed my shop-window broken—it bad been done by what they call starring the glaze—I missed a large number of shawls, handkerchiefs, and other things, from near where the window was broken—the handkerchiefs which are here are a part of what I lost about ten minutes before, or after nine that evening—they had been near the broken window—they have all got my writing on them—these gloves have not got my mark on them, but I have some similar to them, and I lost some of them.





THOMAS WALKER
 (police-constable N 88.) On the 12th of March I was on duty at Islington-gate—the prisoner's wife came to me, and wanted to give him in charge for an assault—I refused to take the charge, as site had not got the warrant—the prisoner then got into a cab to go away, and there was a disturbance, as he would not pay the toll at the gate—I went up and saw that he had got two valuable handkerchiefs round his neck—I said I should take him on suspicion of having stolen property—he went a short distance, and then threw off his hat—I took it up, and there were two more handkerchiefs in it—he threw it down again, and I took it up—he threw himself down—I took him to the station, and found three more handkerchiefs upon him—he was remanded, and the boy who was locked up in the cell with him, gave me information—I made inquiry.

Prisoner. Q. Did my landlady see this property about me? A. No, your wife said at the station that you stole it.





ELLEN WHITE
. My father gave me in charge for stealing a coat, but I was discharged—when I was in the station the prisoner was there—he asked what I was in for—I told him—he said he was in for two dozen handkerchiefs, that he got them out of the City, and asked me what he could make up to say where he got them—another one who was there said, "Say you found them"—the prisoner asked me to go to a coffeeshop in Little Clarendon-street, to tell his wife that he was locked up—he said he

would split her head open, when he caught hold of her—he said be wished his case was mine, for he should get seven or fourteen years.

Prisoner, Q. Was I sober? A. Yes—he said he had made away with some of them, and that he had been in Newgate three times—there were four persons in the cell besides us.

Prisoner. I have been told you are a regular pickpocket, known at Clerkenwell. Witness, No, never—the Magistrate told me, if I went there again, I should be transported.





WALTER TYLER
 (City police-constable, No. 373.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Surrey Sessions—(read—Convicted 8th July, 1844, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the man—he has been twice tried here, and twice at Horsemonger-lane—this is the fifth trial he has had.




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Ten Years.

