



1272. 



WILLIAM KILBY



, stealing 14 yards of satin, value 7l.; the goods of 



Griffith Richard Jones, in his dwelling-house; having been before convicted.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






THEOBALD BURKE
. I am assistant to Griffith Richard Jones, of 1, Skinner street, Snow-hill, in the parish of St. Sepulchre, a woollen-draper. On 18th May, at half-past nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came—he asked for two yards of twist—I served him—he paid me 1 1/2 d.—he said he was very sorry for troubling us, but when he was there last he had quite forgotten it, that he was a tailor, and would be a customer if we charged him low for anything he might want in our way—about half-past seven in the evening, be came again for half an ounce of thread—he paid me 1 1/2 d. for that—he came in again from half-past eight to a quarter before nine—he wanted half a yard of yellow cotton—I served him—it came to 3d.—he then asked Mr. Roberts, the warehouseman, for some silk—Mr. Roberts told me to get it—I took down five or six pieces from the shelves, and put them on the counter—I showed them to the prisoner; he came from the other counter, and looked at them—Mr. Roberts came over, and the prisoner came at the same time, and said to Mr. Roberts, "I suppose you will take the money?"—that was a sixpence—we had no change; Mr. Roberts sent me for it—when I went, the silk was on the counter—a butcher, whom Mr. Roberts had served, had left before the silk was put on the counter; he did not go near it—there was 15 or 16 yards of black satin—there was only that one black—the prisoner had

seen that—he was looking through them all, and I saw him handling that—I left that on the counter when I went out—there was no one in the shop but Mr. Roberts and the prisoner—I returned in two or three minutes, and met the prisoner near the door—I noticed as he passed that his coat was bulky, and he had his arm extended out—I handed him the 3d., and he walked off—I went to the counter, and the black satin was gone—it was worth 145. or 15s. a yard—I saw him again on 28th May, in Newgate-street—I have not the slightest doubt he is the person—I called a policeman, and gave him into custody—he asked what it was for; I told him—he said he did not steal it, he was only that minute come out of his house—I asked if he was ever at Mr. Jones's, told him where it was, and the articles he had purchased—he said he did not buy them, and he did not know where Mr. Jones's was, nor where Skinner-street or Farringdon-street was.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. There is nothing very singular in a person coming once or twice to your shop in the course of a day? A. Yes, to come in four times for such trifling things—the black satin was a large roll—it had been scarcely five minutes on the counter when I went out—I went out into the street immediately I missed it





JOHN ROBERTS
. I am warehouseman to Mr. Jones. On 18tb May, the prisoner came in about half-past eight for half-a-dozen buttons, which came to 2d.—he tendered me a half-crown—I rang the bell, a person came down, whom I desired to go for change—the prisoner said, "By-the-bye, I have got some halfpence, I need not trouble you" and he paid the 2d.—I gave him back the half-crown—he came to the shop twice more, and the last time I remember Burke's taking down the silks and satins—there was a butcher in the shop, who went out—the silks and satins were not taken down while he was there—when Burke went out there were only me and the prisoner there—I was looking into a drawer for a length of satin that I thought would suit him—Burke handed the 3d. to me; I handed it to the prisoner, I think he was standing just by the counter—Burke said, "I can't find the silk?'—I said, "Be very particular"—while I had ray head in the drawer, the prisoner was very near the silks—I had my head out of the drawer before Burke came back—I had not put the satin in the drawer—no one had touched it but the prisoner—nobody had come in in the meantime.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the satin close to the drawer? A. No; I think Burke met him at the door—I should say the butcher had come in five minutes before I sent for the change—I attended to him—the satins were then on the counter: no; they were not, to the best of my belief—I think the satins were taken down after I had sent for change, but my memory is not very correct—when Burke returned with the change, the butcher went away immediately: no, on second recollection, the butcher was gone—there were not many pieces of satin—there were some silks and some satins—there were two or three blacks, and the others were coloured—most of our silks were in the window—it is our duty to know what quantity of satin may be in the shop—we do not take stock every day, but we can tell pretty well—ours is not a large stock—I should think I shall not be liable to the amount of this satin—I followed the prisoner to the door at a distance—he said if we had not got it he must go without it—I thought a remnant of the silk he wanted might be in the drawer—there was only the counter between us—I was looking in the drawer; I was looking down for half a minute or so





JOHN WARDLE
 (City-policeman, 221). I searched the prisoner's lodging, and found in a drawer this piece of yellow cotton.





THEOBALD BURKE

re-examined. This is the cotton the prisoner bought

and paid 3d. for—here is the same quantity he bought; it is cut crooked and fitted exactly to where it was cut from.





JOHN WOOLVEN
 (policeman, M 212). "I produce a certificate of the prjsoner's conviction—(read—Convicted Jan. 7, 1848, and confined one year)—he is the man.




GUILTY
.†—


Transported for Ten Years.

