



618. 




ABRAHAM MOSES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of January, 1 basket, value 2d.; 2 shirts, value 8s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 2s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 hat, value 3s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; and 1 cravat, value 6d.; the goods of 



William Froude.






WILLIAM FROUDE
. I live with my father, Charles Froude, at Leyton-stone, in Essex. About eleven o'clock at night, on the 12th of January, I was with him in High-street, Whitechapel—he was driving a cart of Samuel Gurney's, to whom he is bailiff—he had a bundle in the cart, containing the articles stated, in a basket—before we got to Mile-end gate the policeman asked us if we had lost any thing—we looked up, and missed the basket and its contents.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What sort of a night was it? A. Rather dark—I do not recollect whether it was snowing—it is not quite a quarter of a mile from the place where I saw the bundle last to Mile-end turnpike—the cart was loaded with grains.





JAMES HAM
. I live in Whitechapel-road—I was standing in front of my own shop—I noticed two men with a cart loaded with grains near Mile-end—when it had passed I saw the prisoner and three others pass by—theprisoner was looking nt the cart—I saw him follow it—after he had got about forty yards to the corner of Mary-street he went half-way across the road, and returned to the cart, raised himself up on the cart, took a bundle off, and ran away—one of the others ran after him—they went down by Craggs' public-house—I gave notice to the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. You went after the cart? A. Yes—I met two policemen, and we all three went after the cart—the prisoner was taken on Friday evening—I knew him, but I did not know where to find him—I am a general dealer—there were two bundles in the cart—I did not see

any basket—the cart was about ten yards from me when the prisoner raised himself up—it was a middling dark night—it was not snowing—I saw him take a bundle—I could not see whether it was in a basket, because it was dark.





WILLIAM CLAY
 (police-constable K 278.) I went after the cart, and found the prosecutor had lost a bundle and basket—I went after the prisoner the same evening, but could not find him—I took him on Friday evening—I told him it was for stealing off 'Squire Gurney's cart on Tuesday night—he said, "I think you are mistaken."

Cross-examined. Q. You had better tell us all he said to you? A. That is all—he said, "I think you are mistaken"—I said, "No, I am not"—tothe best of my recollection that is all—I said, "I have got a respectable shopkeeper on the road that saw you do it"—he said, "I suppose it is like the person you had before when you had me in custody"—I had him in custody once—I went to his house then, and asked him to walk along with me—he said, "What is it, Clay?"—I said, "I want you to go to the back of the London Hospital, to see if a lady can identify you as the person who opened a house"—when I got to the lady I found he was not the person—I then walked to Whitechapel-road—I did not give him any thing to drink—I swear I gave him no gin—I met his brother—he said, "Where is Mo?"—I said, "He is gone home"—I will swear I did not tell his brother I gave him liquor—it was stated to the Magistrate that I represented myself as a short-hand writer—I was charged with attempting to get 5s. from a man, but afterwards it proved to be another officer—the other policeman did get fined—the person who made the charge said I was one of the party—I was in the public-house at the time this attempt to get money was made, and, in consequence, was charged with saying I was a reporter, but when the person came up from the country he said I was not the person.
(Mary Collins, of East-street, Limehouse, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.** Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
