




2806. 



MARGARET ANGUS
alias
 Johnson,

 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of August, 8 5l. Bank of England notes, the money of 



Thomas Fairweather, in the dwelling-house of 



Christina Waterson Sheppard; and that she had been before convicted of felony; and 




ALEXANDER JOHNSON



, for feloniously receiving, harbouring, and maintaining her, well knowing her to have committed the said felony; to which


ANGUS pleaded 


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.

MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.

at Market Leighton. I lodged at the house of Mrs. Sheppard, in Arundel-street, in August last—the female prisoner was servant there—on the 19th of August I had eight 5l. Bank notes in my portmanteau, in my bed-room—she saw me put them there—I caught her looking at me at the time—on Son day morning I went to the portmanteau, and missed the notes—I had left my keys in the portmanteau on the Saturday, and she left on the Saturday—I had received the notes from Goslings a few days before.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. Nobody else lived in the establisiment? A. No, there are two daughters—I did not think to lock my trunk—I did not suspect her.





RAVINA SHEPPARD
. I live in Arundel-street, with a maiden sister named Christina Waterson Sheppard—she is the housekeeper—on the 1st of August, the female prisoner came to our house between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, and said she had walked from Manchester, was in great distress, and had not a halfpenny in the world—I did not know her before—she is a Scotchwoman, and so am I—she said two young Scotchmen had walked with her, named Johnson and Steel, that her feet were very much blistered with walking, and asked us to take her in, which we did—next day, Sunday, she asked leave to go out to meet the two young men who had walked from Manchester with her, at Waterloo-bridge—we gave her leave—I looked over the window a little while after, and saw her speaking to Johnson and Steel at the corner of Arundel-street—after some time she returned—she aftsrwards had an order on the Post-office for 12s., which she said was from Manchester—on Saturday the 20th of August, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, she asked permission to go and buy a collar—she said she would be back in a few minutes, but never returned—next day I learned Mr. Fairweather had lost his money.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you remember how many times she went out while with you? A. I think two or three times, with our consent—I saw

the Post-office order for 12s., and swear it Was not for more—I know nothing of her writing to Manchester.





MR. CL. ARKSON
. Q. Did her appearance correspond with her representations when she came? A. It did.





SARAH HUDSON
. I am the wife of Thomas Hudson, of Limehouse, and keep a coffee-shop. The prisoner Johnson, and one Steel, came to lodge there in the early part of August—they both came the tame night—on Saturday, the 20th of August, about six o'clock, Angus came, and inquired for Johnson and Steel, and while they were sent for, she asked me to go with her to buy a cap—I went with her to Mrs. Millens, Three Colt-street, where she bought a cap and bonnet, which came to a few shillings, and paid for them with a 5l. note, and directed them to be sent to my house—I afterwards went with her to Nathan's, and bought six shifts, which she paid for with another 5l. note—I went to my house with her to tea, and in about a quarter of an hour Johnson and Steel came—scarcely a word passed between them—I did not notice what did pass—five minutes after they came they went away with her—Steel returned that night, but not Johnson—Steel quitted the lodgings the next Saturday—Johnson staid till he was apprehended.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Johnson in the habit of paying you? A. Yes, he paid for both always—he gave me a sovereign on the morning of the 20th, before Angus came.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you ever see Johnson write? A. I have, but never took particular notice of it—he wrote several letters in my presence—shortly after he was taken I received a letter, which I gave to the officer—I cannot exactly be positive that it is Johnson's handwriting—this letter produced has the appearance of the same—I cannot be positive that it is his handwriting—I believe it is—it appears like the writing I have seen him do—I never examined his writing.

MR. WILDE. Q. What do you mean by seeing him write? A. As I have passed through the room while he was writing—I never read his writing—as I have passed to and fro, I may have glanced at it—I never had it in my hand, or took a great deal of notice—I saw it was a very dark handwriting, similar to this I see now.

Q. He lived in your house some time? A. Seven weeks—he paid his lodging every week—I had a silver watch to take care of for him—I had never seen Angus before.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What became of the silver watch? A. He asked me for it, and I gave it him a week before the officers took him—this now produced is it—I think he gave it to me the first week he came—he did no work while with me—he walked about in search of work, I understood—he boarded with me, and paid 6s. or 7s. a-week—Angus left a bonnet with me, to be taken to be altered where she bought the new one—some time after, I said I had forgotten to take this bonnet—he said, "I was to have told you to take that bonnet"—this was about ten days after Angus called, which was on the 20th—he never told me who Angus was—the signature to this letter is the same as Johnson used to write—to the best of my belief it is his writing—I believe it to be so.

MR. WILDE. Q. When did you see him write? A. He wrote several letters in my house—I have looked at his writing as I passed by his back I never read it—I generally wear glasses, and could not read his letters without—I had not got them on when I passed him—he told me he was out of employ when he came, and never after said he had got

work—(The purport of the letter, which was written very indistinctly, was to request Mrs. Hudson to state that he knew nothing of the woman who called, and was ignorant of her having left any thing at the house, and requested the witness to call on him at Westminster prison.)





WILLIAM WHITE
. I am shopman to Mr. Turner, a draper, in High-street, Shadwell. On the 20th of August, from eight to ten o'clock in the evening, the two prisoners and Steel came to our shop—Angus asked to look at some black silk handkerchiefs, and purchased three, and three pain of stockings, which came to 16s.—she gave me a 5l. note, and four sovereigns and four shillings change was given her—Johnson said he had lost money by sovereigns the day previous, and insisted on having them weighed—his words were, "I have lost money by sovereigns the day before, and I should like to have them weighed"—they were weighed accordingly, and then put on the counter—Angus took them up, and they left the shop together—my master marked the note in my presence—I should know it again (Note No. 57462 produced)—here is my master's handwriting—this is the note Angus paid me—my master did not write on any other notes that day—she gave the name of Mrs. Johnson, Edinburgh steamer, and said the was going to sail the following morning.





HANNAH MILLS
. I am the wife of Charles Henry Mills, and keep a milliner's shop in Three Colt-street, Limehouse. One Saturday evening in August, I believe the 20th, between six and seven o'clock, the female prisoner came to my shop with Mrs. Hudson, and bought a bonnet and cap, which came to 9s.—she gave me a 5l. note in payment—I wrote my own name and hers on it, at the time I received it—I asked her to write her name—she said she could not write—I asked her name, and she said "Mrs. Johnson, Edinburgh"—this is the note—(No. 86314 produced by
MR. PHILLIPS.)






WILLIAM HARDING
. I am a jeweller, and live in Greek-street. I do not know Angus, nor do I remember any person coming to my shop to purchase a wedding and guard-ring—the officer brought Angus to my shop on the 13th, to see if I should know her—I said I could not swear to her—she said, "If you can't swear to me, I can swear to you, for I bought these two rings of you, and changed one of the 5l. notes with you"—I do not remember selling two rings, and taking a 5l. note in change—I cannot swear to the rings, but I should say they are my selling—I have two entered in my sale-book as sold on Saturday, the 20th of August—I cannot tell at what time of day—I should say it was in the evening, from its being entered in the latter part of the day—I believe these rings were sold by me.





RICHARD JONES
. I am in the employ of Mr. Morrison, a jewelrer, on Ludgate-hill. On Saturday evening, the 20th of August, I sold a silver watch to a female—I believe Angus to have been the person, but I cannot swear to her—she gave me a 51. note in payment—this is the watch—(produced.)





EDWARD TOMKINS
. I am cashier at Messrs. Gosling and Sharp's banking-house. On the 17th of August the prosecutor received ten 5l. Bank of England notes and other money—these two notes produced are two the 5l. notes he received on that occasion.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I have produced these two notes—they have been paid and cancelled—I cannot say when they came into the Bank of England.






GEORGE WESTOW
 (police-sergeant F 6.) On the 3rd of October I apprehended Steel, at Scotland—on the 11th of October I apprehended Angus, at Derby, and told her that I took her for stealing eight 5l. notes at the time she was servant at Arundel-street, Strand—she denied it—while she was at the police-court she said, "I did not take eight, I only took seven, and if you will go with me, I will show you where I changed every one of them"—I told her I had traced the notes—among other places, she went to Jones, the servant at Morrison's, and Harding, Mills, White, and Matthews—she said she had looked at the notes, and took them out of the box two or three times—at last she took them and went away with them—I produced a watch to her which I received from Pocock—she said she bought that in Fleet-street, and would show me the shop—she said, "Johnson had it, aod gave me his old one for it"—I received the old one from her—I do not know what became of it—I received this letter from Mrs. Hudson.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 (police-constable F 81.) I took Johnson in Fore-street, Limehouse, on the 17th of September—I told him he was charged with being concerned with a female who committed a robbery at Arundel-street, Strand, she being the same person who called at the coffee-shop to see him and Steel, and who was at his lodging on the 20th of August—he said no female had ever called at that lodging to see him while he lodged there, and that he had never slept out of the coffee-shop any night since he had been there—I asked him where Steel was—he said he was gone to Scotland—I asked if he had given any message to the person who kepi the coffee-shop about a bonnet—he denied all knowledge of the bonnet—I found two silver watches on him, and 2l. 15s. 3d., and several letters—he said the old watch his father gave him in Scotland, and the new one he bought in the street in London for 2l., and I must take care of the old one—he did not know the man—I asked if he bought the watch without taking the man's name—he said, yes, and he did not know the name of the street. MR. FAIRWEATHER
re-examined. I did not take the numbers of the notes—I received ten 5l. notes from Goslings, and parted with two—I have no means of identifying them—I saw the notes safe last on Friday, the 19th—I was put most of Saturday. JOHNSON—


NOT GUILTY
.
