



532. 




ROBERT TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of January, 1 box, value 1s. 6d.;42 tumblers, value 1l. 9s.; 22 pairs of candlesticks, value 1l.; 84 cups, value 1l. 12s.; and 10 pestles and mortars, value 6s.; the goods of 



German Wheatcroft and others.






WILLIAM SALMON
. I live in Wharf-road, Paddington, and am agent to German Wheatcroft and others—we carry goods from the Camden station of the Birmingham Railway Company. I was at the station on the 2nd of January—there was a chest there addressed to George Cocker, of Chenies-street, Bedford-square—it was put into one of the carts which Fuller drove—I have seen it since.





WILLIAM FULLER
. I am carman to the prosecutor. On the 2nd of January I drove the cart containing this chest—I stopped at the Princess Victoria public-house, in Ernest-street—while there the chest was gone from my cart—I saw the prisoner with it on his back, about ten yards from the cart—there was another man with the prisoner, carrying his hat—I called, "Stop thief!"—the prisoner dropped the chest, and ran away—I ran after him, and a baker stopped him at the corner of the street—I was about six yards from him—I had not lost sight of him—he said he would give me half-a-crown to let him go.





DAVID SMITH
. I keep the Princess Victoria public-house. I saw the cart at my door about a quarter past one o'clock—there were two carters in my house having something to eat and drink—I saw the prisoner and another take this chest, and the prisoner carried it away on his shoulder—the man carrying his hat turned and saw us—they threw down the chest, and ran off—I saw the prisoner stopped—he was not out of my sight at all.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see my face? A. Yes, certainly I did, and was close to you at the corner of the street—you came back with me.





GEORGE COCKER
. I live in Chenies street, and am a manufacturer of Derbyshire spar china ornaments. I had received an invoice of these goods on the 1st of January—I have seen the chest opened—it contained the articles stated—it was addressed to me.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
