



2680. 




MARY ANN COLLET
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of October, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 guard-chain, value 1l.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; 2 breast-pins and chain, value 10s.; 1 pencil-case, value 2s. 6d.; and 1 ring, value 2s.; the goods of 



Peter Welch.






PETER WELCH
. I am servant to Captain Watson, of No. 14, Great Cumberland-place, Hyde-park. On the night of the 19th of October, I was at a public-house in Oxford-street—the prisoner came in there—I left the house and she followed me—I went with her—after having drunk something I lost my senses—I went to Orchard-street, Westminster, with her—I got the drink from a milk-jug the prisoner had in her hand in Oxford-street—we left the public-house I took my clothes off and went to bed, and put my watch on a sort of drawer or table, and fell asleep for seven hours—I awoke in the morning, and the prisoner was gone and my property also—I went with a constable that afternoon to No. 71, York-street, to a room at the top of the house—I saw the prisoner there with a man and woman—the constable there produced the pins I missed—I have since seen my watch, chain, and pencil-case.





ALBERT KING
. I am servant to Mr. Thompson, a pawnbroker, in East-street, Manchester-square. I have a silver watch and chain, pawned on

the 20th of October, by a man in the name of John Fisher—the prisoner was with him.





MARY ECKETT
. I live at the station-house of the D division, and am the wife of William Eckett. On the evening of the 20th of October, the prisoner was brought to the station-house—I searched her, and found no duplicate then, but in the morning when I went down to the place where I had searched her, I found the duplicate of a watch and chain—it was rather dusk when I searched her.





ALBERT KING

re-examined. This if the counterpart of the duplicate of the watch and chain.





WILLIAM JACOBS
. I went with the prosecutor to No. 71, York-street, Westminster, to the front-room, second-floor—I found the prisoner there with a man named Benjamin Copeland and a woman in bed—the prisoner got up—I saw the two pins sticking in the breast of her gown—I called the prosecutor up, who claimed them—the prisoner said nothing then, but in a few minutes the prosecutor said, "You are the person that stole my watch, where is it?"—she said, "I am the person who robbed you; I don't care a d—n if I get ten years."

Prisoner. I utterly deny saying any thing of the sort.





THOMAS LEACH
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was placed in the dock at the station-house with a man—after they were taken away I found this pencil-case in the dock.





PETER WELCH

re-examined. They are mine.

Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
