




2024. 




WILLIAM JOHNSON
 and 




THOMAS WILLIAMS



, stealing 1 purse, value 1s.; 4 shillings, 2 sixpences, and 3 groats, the property of 



John Rees; from the person of 



Eliza D'Oyley Rees.






ELIZA D'OYLEY REES
. I am the wife of John Rees. On 14th July, I was at Sir Thomas Wilson's fete, at Charlton—an officer spoke to me—I missed my purse from my right-hand pocket—there were shillings, sixpences, and fourpenny pieces in it—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. How do you know it? A. I have had it two years—I looked at it before I left my house.


Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Had you seen the prisoners? A. Yes, in front of the garden—not three minutes before White spoke to me.





JOHN WHITE
 (policeman, R 180). I was on duty at Sir Thomas Wilson's on the afternoon of 14th July, there was a fete there—I saw the prisoners together, watched them about a quarter of an hour, and saw them go both together, and stand beside Mrs. Rees—Williams lifted her pocket, or her dress—Johnson covered him—they then left—I went and spoke to her, and then took Johnson—I said, "Hand me over that purse"—he said he had no purse—he then took it from his pocket, and threw it on the ground—I called to my brother officer to take it up.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Did you see it when he took it out? A. Yes, and tried to get it—there was not much of it visible—I saw it was something red—when it was on the ground I could see that it was a purse—Gladwin picked it up—I was tustling with the prisoner—I saw a form with ladies and gentlemen on it—Mrs. Rees stood with her back to it—there were persons in front of her—there were persons on the form looking over her head, and of course over Williams's head.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Were you behind Williams? A. Yes—Johnson hid him—I took Johnson from twenty-five to thirty yards from the spot.





WILLIAM GLADWIN
 (policeman, R 122). I was with the other officer at Sir Thomas Wilson's—I saw the prisoners together—Williams went to Mrs. Rees, and apparently put his hand into her pocket—Johnson covered him—Williams took something from the pocket, and gave it to Johnson, who put it into his pocket, and they both walked away—I spoke to Mrs. Rees—I then saw Johnson in White's custody—I took Williams—White said, "Look out, he has dropped the purse on the ground"—I found this purse on the ground—it has shillings, sixpences, and fourpenny pieces in it.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman, R 4). I was on duty, and watched the prisoners—Williams attempted to pick a lady's pocket—he then went behind Mrs. Rees—I stood behind the form, and separated two ladies' dresses with my hand, looked through, and saw Williams take from Mrs. Rees's pocket a red purse—he had a handkerchief in his hand wiping his mouth with it—he wrapped it in the handkerchief, and passed it to Johnson—I took this handkerchief from Williams—I heard Johnson say he had no purse.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Did you state this before the Magistrate? A. Yes, on cross-examination—I was in plain clothes—I belong to the Detective Force of the R division—there were five or six thousand persons there.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Were you behind the others? A. I was behind the form which was between me and Mr. Rees; I have been a policeman nearly twelve years—I believe that I did right to state that I saw Williams try one pocket before—I believe it is my duty to state all I saw the prisoners do on that occasion—I should not have allowed them to commit more than one robbery if I could have helped it, but if I could not, I should have stated what I had seen—I am aware that to attempt is an offence, and a summary conviction would have been the consequence—the form was five or six feet long—I was about the middle of it, or if anything, rather nearer to the end where the prisoners were—it was perhaps a yard and a half from Mrs. Rees—I was looking to her left side.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.


WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—



Confined Twelve Months.

