



45. 




JOHN OGILVIE
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Frederick Louis Mieville, and threatening to accuse him of having endeavoured to commit with him the abominable crime of b—y, with a view and intent to extort from him his goods and chattels, and by such threats feloniously extorting from him 5 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 1 watch, value 30l., and 1 guard-chain, 8l., his goods and monies. 2ND COUNT, for a robbery on the said Frederick Louis Mieville, and stealing from his person and against his will, the said goods and monies.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





FREDERICK LOUIS MIEVILLF
. I am a member of the Stock Exchange, and my place of business is with my brothers in Angel-court, Throgmorton-street. My private residence is No. 23, Hanover-square—on Sunday, the 6th of Oct. last I left home about eight o'clock in the evening, to visit a friend, named Goodbairn, who lived near the Middlesex Hospital—it is the last house but one in Mortimer-street—he was not at home—finding him absent, I thought of going to spend the evening with Mr. Davison, a friend of mine, in Piccadilly—I walked to the end of Mortimer-street, and down Goodge-street, to take a cab or omnibus, as there were not any where I was—that brought me to the corner of Goodge-street, in Tottenham-court-road—I just looked about for a cab or an omnibus, and saw the prisoner—he was very respectably dressed—he had on a white great coat, and an umbrella in his hand—he seemed to me to be looking for something, and said to me, "Are you looking for anything, sir?" or just that question—I said yes, I was looking for a cab or an omnibus to go to Piccadilly—this was at the corner of Goodge-street in Tottenham-court-road, exactly at the corner

COURT
Q. But had you not passed a stand of hackney-cabs between Middlesex-hospital and the end of Goodge-street? A. There were no cabs at all, and even at the stand where I did take a cab, there was only, I believe, one or two—there were none in Goodge-street.


MR. CLARKSON. Q. What did the prisoner say? A. He said that there was no omnibus, but that there were plenty of cabs a little higher up—I had just stopped an instant to answer him—I said, "That I know, I thank you"—he said, "I am going myself to Piccadilly, and very bad walking it is"—it had been raining the whole of the day—it was not raining then—it had cleared up in the evening—he took some trouble in showing me the cab, and I said to him, "Well, if it is of any convenience to you, if you are going to Piccadilly, I will allow you to ride in the cab" which he accepted, and thanked me very much for it—I called the cab—there was one large cab at the corner of Windmill-street, and I said, "O, I will not have that large cab "—it was a four-wheeled cab, and I thought it would take me such a time to go to Piccadilly—I just walked on two or three steps, and called a cab—it was between Windmill-street, and Percy-street—the cab drove near the pavement, and I made him a sign to get in—I told the cab man to drive to Piccadilly—he went through those streets near Soho-square—he drove exceedingly fast, for in the cab I said, "Why this man will upset me"—when we got close to Piccadilly, the prisoner put both his hands on my coat—I had on a great coat, exactly like the one I have on now—I felt alarmed at such a thing, and I said, "I shall stop the cab "—the prisoner said, "It is no use your stopping the cab, I want money, and unless you give me some, I will drive you," or, "I will take you to the station-house"—I had not made use of any indecent expression, or used any indecent act towards him, or attempted to do so—I said, "To the station-house! and what for?"—I was in a very excited state at the moment, quite alarmed and surprised at such a thing, and he repeated, "Yes, to the station-house," and when I asked him what for, he said, "I will show you what for," or "Never mind what for"—just such an expression as that—I said, "I will take you, myself, to the station-house, you monster," or something, and I called to the cab man to stop—the prisoner directly put his head to the window, and called to him, "Drive to the station-house"—I insisted again on the cab man's stopping, and he drew up his cab close to the corner of Half Moon-street—I opened the cab door, and let myself out—the cab man was also down immediately—the prisoner followed me out of the cab, and said to the cab man, "You take this man," or "this gentleman, to the station-house," and at the same time he pronounced a word which left me in no doubt as to his intentions—he said, "You take this gentleman to the station-house, the b—"—he repeated that two or three times—I felt so alarmed, so unnerved at hearing such horrible threats, that I quite lost my presence of mind, and I actually ran away down Half Moon-street—I had paid the cab man first—he said, "I must be paid"—I had a shilling about me, and I gave it to him—the prisoner followed me down Half Moon-street, and called two or three times in a faint voice, "Stop, stop!"—when I got to the end of the street, I could not run any longer—I stopped there, and the prisoner came up to me—he said, "Now you give me 20l., or I shall not let you go"—I opened my coat, took my purse out of my waistcoat pocket, and gave him the contents of it—there was 5l. 10s. in gold—that was all I had about me, or I should have given him more—then, I suppose, be saw by a little chain which I had on my waistcoat, that I had a watch, and he came forward and said, "And I shall have your watch also"—he came as if to snatch it from me, and I really helped him to let him rob me—I stooped my head, and took the chain off my neck—my watch was attached to the

chain—it was a gold watch with a white face—it had been made by vanner, the clockmaker—it had cost 35l.—there were two made, and we paid 70l. for the two—the chain was given me as a present—it was worth perhaps from 8l. to 10l.—when he had got the watch, he said, "Now, that will do; you go that way," pointing in a different direction to Piccadilly—I turned round—I do not know that I exactly went that way—I did not know exactly where I was—I found myself in Charles-street, Berkeley-square, and from there I walked home—the prisoner went, I think, towards Bond-street.

COURT. Q. Where was the spot where you parted from your watch and chain; how far had you got from Piccadilly? A. It was quite at the end of Half Moon-street—it leads into May-fair, I think.

JURY. Q. The other part leads to a by passage? A. Yes, it seemed to me to be all dark.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you go home to your family? A. I went home directly—I am living with an elder brother in Hanover-square, who has lost his wife—he has two little girls, who are sometimes at school, and sometimes stopping there—I have another brother who is married, and has a large family—I got home about ten o'clock—my brother was not up—I did not tell my brother in the morning what had happened—I hesitated about speaking to him about it—I thought it was such a dis-agreeable subject to treat, that even to him I thought for the present to say nothing about it.

Q. Now when was the next time, if ever, that you saw the man who had taken your property in Half Moon-street? A. On Tuesday, the 5th of Nov., a month afterwards, about a quarter to five o'clock—I was coming from the counting-house in Angel-court, and going home—I was quite alone, and saw the prisoner standing under one of those two doors or small arches of the Bank in Threadneedle-street, opposite what was Thread-needle-street, needle-street, and is now the Royal Exchange—I saw him, and recognised him perfectly, but I did not pay any attention to him whatever, not even to turn my head—I went towards the Mansion-house, to the Poultry and Cheapside way—when I got just near the fruit-shop, at the corner of, Prince's-street, I thought there was somebody following me, and I crossed over—the prisoner also crossed, passed me, and looked at me—I recrossed the street, and turned into the Old Jewry to avoid him—he came up to me in the Old Jewry and said, "How do you do, sir?"—I said, "Why, do you know me?"—he said, "I should like to say something to you"—I said, "You had better pass your way; I have nothing to say to you whatever"—I then turned round and walked to my brother's counting-house in Angel-court (I walked fast) to make him acquainted with what had happened to me—I heard the prisoner call "Stop!" once, in Angel-court, court, before I went into the house—I went in and pushed to the entrance door—on going into my brother's counting-house, it was foreign post night, and my brother was very busy, just having come from the Royal Exchange—there were five or six clerks, strangers, there, and they expected on that day two or three friends to dine at the counting-house with them, one of them had already arrived, and I saw but little chance of speaking to my brother on such a subject, in a satisfactory way to myself—my brother carries on a very extensive business as a merchant—I stopped there for half an hour, and after that called James Cole, the porter of the house, and had a communication with him—the prisoner did

not hear it—after that I left the house—there are two doors—the counting-house consists of two houses—one stands backwards, and the other forwards—I came in by the backward door, and went out through the other door—I did all I could to avoid the prisoner, and for that occasion I escaped him, and went home—on the following morning, at seven o'clock, before dressing, I put on a dressing-gown, went to my brother, John Louis, who was in bed, and told him what had happened to me—he gave me advice how to act in case I ever saw the prisoner again—on the Friday week following, the 15th of Nov., I was walking home from the Counting-house with my brother Amedee Francis Mieville, who had been told what had happened to me, and saw the prisoner at the same place that I had seen him in on the 5th, close by the door—I pointed him out to my brother, and said, "That is the man; I shall get a policeman to take him up"—I got a policeman, who followed me, and I walked close to the prisoner, but he said nothing at all to me—he did not appear to know me then—I passed him close once or twice—I then gave him in charge to the policeman—I told the policeman, in his hearing, that I charged him with robbing me—the prisoner did not answer anything then—we all walked to the station, and then the prisoner said he was surprised that we had him arrested; that he did not know us, and had never seen either of the gentlemen before, speaking of my brother and myself—I said to him, "Did not you follow me to the counting-house last Tuesday week?"—he said, "No, I never followed you anywhere; I do not even know where your counting-house is, or anything about you."

Prisoner. The prosecutor says he met me in Tottenham-court-road between seven and eight o'clock on the 6th of Oct.; that when I met him on Tuesday, the 5th of Nov., he declared he did not know me, and a fortnight after he came up to me and said he did know me.

Witness. I did not say I did not know him on the 5th of Nov.—I said to him, "Do you know me?" and he answered, "I know you," and even called it out loud when I was leaving him to go to my brother's counting-house—he said, "I know you; it is no use your running away; I know you."

JURY. Q. What sort of a cab was it that you and the prisoner were in together? A. A little, common, four-wheeled cab, not a twowheeled one—it was not one of those in which you sit face to face, but a common, little, close, four-wheeled cab—we sat side by side—it was not one of Hanson's—it was a close cab, not an open one at all.





JOHN LOUIS MIEVILLE
. I carry on the business of a merchant—the prosecutor is my younger brother—I live with him, in Hanover-square—I am not a widower—I have been divorced—I have two children, who are at present at school—they have been living with me—my brother and I have two sets of chambers in the same house—we occupy different apartments, but adjoining one another. On Wednesday morning, the 6th of Nov., before I was dressed, my brother came into my room, and made a disclosure of something that had happened to him—he disclosed to me exactly what he has been describing here—I gave him advice what to do in case he ever again met with the person—he is rather timid—he is not wanting in spirit, but I think he lost all his presence of mind on this occasion, I was quite surprised.





JAMES COLE
. I live at No. 11, Angel-court, Throgmorton-street—I am the porter and housekeeper there. On Tuesday evening, the 5th of

Nov., about five o'clock, as near as I can tell, I heard a ring at the bell—I can hear the counting-house door when it shuts—I think I recollect having heard it shut just before that—I answered the bell—I found the prisoner at the door, and likewise Lewis Cole, a nephew of mine, who is employed in the office, and who had just returned from the Post-office—the prisoner said, "I want to see that gentleman that has just gone in"—he spoke rather in a hurried tone, and in a menacing and authoritative way—I said, "I don't know who you mean, for I saw no one go in"—I said, "There are two persons just gone out," because I had seen two persons come down stairs, and go out, just before he rang the bell, or almost about the same instant that he did ring the bell—he said, "Yes, I know that, but there is one just gone in, that is the one I want to see"—I told him I did not know who he meant, if he told me who he wanted I would go to them, and said, "You had better come in yourself and see, I cannot tell who has come in"—he objected to that, and said, "No, you must know who I mean, you had better go and tell him I want him"—I do not know that he said, "I want him," but, "he is wanted," or something of that kind—I could not swear to the words that he used—it was to that meaning—just at that time one of the clerks came down, and I asked him, "Is any one gone up to your office?"—he said "Yes, Mr. Frederick Mieville went up just now," I believe he said, "in a great hurry"—that was in the prisoner's hearing—the prisoner then said to him, "He has got a frieze coat on, has he not?"—he said, "Yes"—he said, "Then that is the one I want to see"—I supposed from that, that there had been some dispute in some way or other, and 1 said, "I don't know who you want; but if that is the person you want, ring that bell, (showing him the bell of the office,) and they will open the door to you themselves, and you can go up into the office"—he said, "Oh, no, you had better go and tell him"—I think a little before the clerk came down he said, "Oh, he lives somewhere by the Waterloo-road"—I said, "I don't know, we have a great many gentlemen men about the house, but I am not aware where they all live"—I remember repeating that in the clerk's presence, and the prisoner said, "Oh, I don't know exactly where he lives;" and it appeared to me that he had said something more than he intended to say—my nephew then came in, and I shut the door; and as I was going hack to the hall-door, Mr. Frederick Mieville called to me from the stairs—I went up the stain to him, and after I had spoken to him he went out by the other door—after he had gone, I went to the door at which I had seen the prisoner—it appeared to me that he had just gone away from the door to go—he had got to the next house, but as I opened the door he returned; and I said, "If that is the gentleman you want, the gentleman you have been speaking of, you will not see him tonight, he is gone"—he said, "He is gone, is he?"—I said, "Yes, and if you want to see him you must come to-morrow, between ten and eleven o'clock, and you will be pretty sure to find him"—he had heard the name before from the clerk; and I pointed to the name on the door, and said, "You see the name, and if you come to-morrow morning, between ten and eleven, you will be pretty sure to find him"—he said, "Well, then, I will come to-morrow," in a positive tone—I said, "You had better do so," and he left; but he turned a different way—he turned to the right, down the court—he had turned to the left—I have not the slightest doubt of the prisoner

being the person—I should think he was at the door half-an-hour altogether—it could not be less—next day, in consequence of what I was told, I went to the door several times, and looked about—I kept a look out for him as well as I could—I did not stand to look particularly for him—I saw nothing of him—I had received directions to be on the look-out for him from Mr. Louis Mieville directly he came in the morning.

COURT. Q. You had pointed to the name and to the bell? A. Yes—he appeared very reluctant to come into the house—he would not come in.





LEWIS COLE
. I am nephew to the last witness—I am not thirteen years old—I live with my uncle in Angel-court. On Tuesday afternoon, the 5th of Nov., about five o'clock, I had been out, and as I came to the counting-house door, saw the prisoner—I am sure he is the person—he was there in my sight, I should think, about twenty minutes—he was asking for somebody.





AMEDEB FRANCIS MIEVILLE
. The prosecutor and Mr. J. L. Mieville are my younger brothers—I am married, and have a large family—I live at No. 32, Notting-hill-place. On Wednesday, the 6th of Nov., my younger brother made a communication to me of something that had happened to him—I was in his company on Friday afternoon, the 15th of Nov., about a quarter past four or a quarter to five o'clock, coming from my office—at one of the arches leading to the Bank, my brother pointed out the prisoner to me—he was given in charge of a policeman as soon as we could find one, and taken to the station-house—when the charge was made against him at the station, he said that he had never seen either of the gentlemen before in his life, meaning me and my brother—I believe on that my brother said to him, "Did not you follow me to Angel-court?"—he said, "No, sir, I never saw you in my life," or "never saw you before," or something of that sort—he might have said, "I don't know your counting-house," or something of that kind—my recollection is not perfect on the subject.

Prisoner. Q. Did I say anything about the counting-house in the street, when you came up to me and gave me into custody? A. You were given into custody, and never spoke till the policeman asked my brother what he charged you with—he charged you with having robbed him—you did not speak till the inspector asked you a few questions at the station, "What have you got to say against these two gentlemen's charge against you? "—you said, "I never saw either of these gentlemen before"—the inspector took it all down in writing—the inspector or my brother asked, "Did not you follow me" or "that gentleman, to his office?" and you said, no, you never did.





JAMES FRANKLIN
 (City police-constable, No. 423.) My inspector is ill—he is living at Camberwell—he has been away from duty six or seven days. About five o'clock on Friday afternoon, the 15th of Nov., I was called on to take the prisoner into custody—I took him to the station, accompanied by the two gentlemen—the prosecutor told me what he charged him with, and I told the prisoner—I said he was charged with robbing him—he said, "I never saw that gentleman in my life before"—I then took him to the station—he made that remark to me on the road to the station in the street.





CHARLES ROUS
. I am a cab man—I know the prisoner—I have known him six years—I was driving a cab on Sunday evening, the 6th of Oct.

last—I was on the stand in Tottenham-court-road on that evening—I was called off the stand by somebody.

Q. Who got into your cab? A. I did not know who got into my cab at the time—I was sitting nearly asleep on the cab—two persons got in—(looking at the prosecutor)—that is one of them—the prisoner is the other.

Prisoner. Q. What time did I get into your cab? A. About nine o'clock.

Prisoner. He stated at the office, the first time, that it was between ten and eleven o'clock; I wish his deposition to be read.

Witness. (Looking at his deposition.) This is my mark—it was read over to me before I put my mark to it.
(Read) "The said Charles Rous on oath says, I live at No. 5, Little Britain, Chinamews, Bedford-square, and am a cab man—I know the prisoner at the bar—his name is William Ward, or Ogilvie—I have known him to go by the name of Ward, and also by the nick-name of Blinding—I have known him six or seven years. On a Sunday evening, a few weeks back, I was first cab on the stand in Tottenham-court-road—I had been there a good many hours—I had not seen the prisoner—a cab was called, and I pulled down to the comer of Percy-street—that was in the evening, about nine or ten o'clock—the prisoner and another gentleman got in—the prisoner had a kind of white outside coat on—I was told to drive to Piccadilly, by the person who let them in—I drove to Piccadilly, and when at the other side of Half Moon-street, the checkstring was pulled, and I stopped—there was a sort of a wrangle, and I heard the words, "Drive to the station," and I was about to turn round to do so, when they both got out—I then stopped, and asked for my fare, and the gentleman gave me a shilling—the gentleman then ran up Half Moon-street, and the prisoner after him—I then lost sight of them—the prisoner did not return to me."

Witness. That is all correct—that is what I said, and I still adhere to it.

Prisoner. He said before the Magistrate that he did not know me when I got into the cab


Witness. I did not know them, for I never saw them when they got into the cab—I did not let them in myself—a person named Parsons opened the door.

COURT. Q. Did you know them when they got out? A. No, not till I jumped down off the cab for my fare—I did not recognise the man I had known for seven years—when they got out of my cab, and I saw the prisoner in the white coat, I did not know him to be the man I had known for seven years—I did not let them into the cab—I have stated in my deposition, and to-day, that the prisoner and another gentleman got in—it is true that the prisoner ran after the gentleman up Half Moon-street.

Q. Then why do you say that you do not know who got in? A. I said I did not know who got in at the time—if I said I did not know who got out, it was a mistake—I did know it was the man I had known for seven years.

Q. How have you known this man for seven years, where, and under what circumstances? A. By his brother, who used to drive a cab—he never accompanied me when I was engaged with my cab—not on the box or otherwise.

Prisoner. Q. Will you take your oath I never rode with you; that I never sat on the box with you when you drove your father's cab; did I

never ride with you, or talk with you in your company? A. You might have rode from Holborn up to the stable with me on my cab.

Prisoner. First he says he knew me when I got out, and then he says he does not know whether I got out of his cab or no, and yet he says I got into his cab—there is no believing him on his oath.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You say you were half asleep when your cab was called? A. Yes.

Prisoner. Before he got to Piccadilly he would be awake, I should think, and would know who got out

COURT
Q. Were you awake before you got to Piccadilly? A. Yes, certainly—I had a very fast horse in my cab, and I drove fast—I drove to the other side of Half Moon-street when the checkstring was pulled—if it had not been pulled I should have driven to the top of Piccadilly.

Prisoner. The prosecutor does not say anything about the checkstring; he says he called to him to stop; I do not wish him asked whether he pulled it or not.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When the prisoner, or whoever it was, got into your cab, he had a white coat on? A. Yes, I saw him when he came out of my cab—I was quite awake then—I did not know him then, not exactly know him—I thought it was him, but he was too well dressed for me to attempt to recognise him—he was dressed like a gentleman—I had not seen him before that day—nor did I see him after that night.

COURT. Q. Not till he was in custody? A. No

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You did not see him from the time he left your cab, and went down Half Moon-street after the gentleman, until he was in custody? A. No.

Q. Just let us understand; do you mean to tell the Jury on your solemn oath that you had seen nothing of the prisoner from the time he went after the gentleman down Half Moon-street till you saw him in custody? A. I saw him—no—I think—no—he was in a cab in Regent-street on the Monday following, I think it was.

JURYM
Q. Was that before he was in custody? A. Yes.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Why it was the very Monday after this happened, was it not? A. Yes.

Prisoner. You are putting the words into the man's mouth; just now he said he never saw me till I was in custody.

COURT. Q. What is the number of your badge? A. No. 7783, (producing it) that is the same number I had—it is not the number of the cab I had on the Sunday night—that is my number—the number of the cab was 398, I think—it was Mr. Bardell's cab—it was No. 398—I have no doubt about it—I do not drive the same number still—I do not drive a cab at all now—I have not been out with a cab lately—we do not give up our number when we cease to drive—it was the day after this happened that I saw the prisoner in the cab in Regent-street—I do not know whether he had got the white coat on then—he was inside the cab—he called to me, and said, "I left an umbrella in your cab on Sunday night"—I said, "I found an umbrella in my cab, and if you go to where I live, No. 20, Pitt-street, Tottenham Court-road, you can get it"—he said, "If you give me the umbrella back, I will give you half-a-crown"—I said, "Very well, you can have it if you call there"—he then said "Bill," and ordered the cab he was in to drive to the corner of Maddox-street, and said he would give me half-a-crown, and treat me to a drop of gin, if I let him

have the umbrella—I got the half-crown at the corner of Maddox-street, Regent-street—I went into the public-house with him and the other cab-man—I do not know who the other cabman was—he is a man that uses the Haymarket in general—I do not know the number of his cab—I did not take notice—we had some gin together—we did not remain there five minutes.

Q. When did you next see the prisoner after that? A. I did not see him any more till he called round at my house for the umbrella, and the young woman that I was with gave it him—I did not see him—he came for the umbrella in the afternoon—do you mean, when did I see him after that Monday?

Q. You cannot doubt what I mean by "next;" when did you see him next after the time you have last mentioned? A. He came in the afternoon for the umbrella—I saw him—it was in Tottenham Court-road, at the Crab Tree—I went round to try to get the umbrella, and my mistress, the young woman I was with, was out, and he called the next day for it, and got it himself—I was not at home when he received the umbrella—I did not see him any more after that, till he was at Bow-street—the half-crown was all I got on that day.

Q. Did he explain to you why he ran after the gentleman up Half Moon-street? A. No, and I did not ask him—I did not ask him for any explanation of what had occurred in my cab—I do not know what the dispute was about—I had not the curiosity to ask him why he ran after the gentleman, or why he told me to drive to the station—I never asked him any such thing, or made any inquiry about it.

Prisoner. Q. Did I meet you next day, give you half-a-crown, and say I had left my umbrella in your cab? A. Yes, and I told you to call in the afternoon—you did come and get it—I do not know whether it was on the Tuesday—I did not make any inquiry about it when I went home—you said you would call for it, and I left word that you were to have it—you got it—Mary Ann Hill gave it to you, as she told me.





JOHN ADOLPHUS GEORGE BOWSTEAD
. I acted as clerk to the Justices at the Police Court, Bow-street—on the prisoner's examination on this charge, he was asked if he had anything to say—he made a statement, which I took down in writing from his lips—after I had done so, I read it over to him, and Mr. Jardine, the Magistrate, put his name to it—this is the examination.—(Reading—" The prisoner says, 'He has charged me wrongfully; I never saw him before last Tuesday week; I then went up and spoke to him, taking him for a friend of mine whom he resembled; I said, "How do you do, sir? you know me?" he said he did not, and ran away. 1 said, "O, nonsense, you do;" and his running away induced me to think that he was the man; and 1 followed him—I became satisfied that he was not the person whom I took him to be, on his passing me twice yesterday; he then came up with a policeman, and gave me in charge. I told him that I had never seen him before, to rob him; he said I had, and gave me in charge.'")

Prisoner's Defence. I was standing outside the Bank, waiting for a friend of mine, when the prosecutor came up and gave me in charge for robbing him: I

declared I did not know him, which I did not at the time, till I got to the station-house; and I should not have known him then had I not seen his porter, which made me think it was the man I had spoken to on the 5th of Nov. He gave me in charge for robbing him, which I declared I was innocent of. He says he met me on Sunday night, the 6th of Oct.; that he was waiting for a cab in Tottenham-court-road; that I came up and addressed him, and asked what he was waiting for; that he told me, and that I said there were no omnibuses, but plenty of cabs; and with that he called one, and asked me to get into the cab. Is it feasible that a gentleman should ask a stranger to get into a cab with him? However, he says he asked me to do so, and that we rode to Piccadilly; and as we were going along Piccadilly, I should use some rough language to him inside the cab, and say I wanted some money from him, that I asked him for 20l., and told the cabman to go to the station-house? He says he told the cabman to stop, got out, gave him 1s., and ran down half-moon-street; that I followed him, and asked him for money, and that he gave me 5l. 10s. in gold, and his watch and chain. Now, is it feasible that any gentleman would give any lad his money like that, or his watch and chain, under such circumstances as that? With that, he says I told him to go one way and me the other; and he says he went in his fright, and never saw anything of me till the 5th of Nov. I was then coming through the City with a friend of mine, and 1 said to him, "There goes a gentleman that resembles a man who owes me something;" he said, "Why don't you go up to him?" which I did, and said, "How do you do?" I could not see him clearly, not his features; he said, "I don't know you." I said, "Yes, you do know me, sir;" with that be ran away as hard as he could, which made me think it was him; he ran into the office, and nearly slammed my fingers in the door. I waited till the porter came to the door, and said, "Can I speak to the gentleman who has just gone in?" he said, "Which gentleman? there is one just gone out" I said, "No, the one who has just gone in;" he said he did not know who it was. I described him as well as I could; the porter went up stairs; whether he spoke to him I do not know, but he came down again, and said he was gone, and if I wanted him I must come to-morrow; as he was talking, I saw the prosecutor come down with a light; I then had a good view of him, and he turned to the door at the left. I said I would come to-morrow, but I did not go near the house since; and the next time be charged me with robbing him. If I was the man, why did he not know me on the 5th of Nov., and give me into custody then as well as a fortnight after? He says I had a white coat on; they have been to my lodging, and I never bad a white coat; and if I rode in a cab with a gentleman for only three or four minutes through the streets, and had a white coat on, would not that make a great deal of difference in my appearance? How would he know me a month after, in a black coat, so well as that? I have my master here, Mr. James, a shoemaker, whom I work for.





WILLIAM JAMES
. I am a shoemaker, and live at No. 26, Gough-street, Mount-pleasant. I never saw the prisoner with a white coat—he lodged with me, but has not done so since he came home one night tipsy—I told him if he could not come home in a better way than that he should not come home any more—in the morning he asked me if I could let him have some money, and I gave him 2s.

Prisoner. It is about a month ago that I left him.

COURT. Q. Where was he lodging on the 6th of Oct.? A. Why he was lodging with me about

that time—he was lodging in Gough-street, on the 6th of Oct., with me—that I swear—he was lodging with me about that time—I do not know exactly to a day, because I do not bear those things in mind—the last time I saw him was the first Sunday in Oct.—the last time I saw him when he left my lodgings was on the first Monday in Oct.—he came home very tipsy on the Sunday night, and I told him he should not come home any more, for if he could find money to get drunk with, he could find money to pay me—he did not lodge with me after that—he has not been there since.

Q. What time had you seen him before on that Sunday when he came home drunk? A. He went away soon after dinner, it might have been two o'clock, perhaps, but I cannot say to a minute—it was towards the morning that he came home drunk—I believe it was turned twelve—it might have been two for what I know—I was in bed, and he caused a disturbance coming up—I got out to give him the key to go into the room, and told him if he could not come home sober, not to come home any more, if he could afford to get drunk he could afford to pay me—I cannot say whether he was in my debt—I never kept any bill against him—I always gave him money because he is a relative of mine—I cannot reckon him in debt, because he never owed me any money—he used to do work for me, shoemaking—I believe he had done some that week—he had been at work during the week—there are two or three pawnbrokers near me, one is named Brown, and one Lindell, I think—one lives at the corner of Wilson-street, and the other in North-place—I saw the prisoner when he came home that night, because I believe he struck a light—I gave him the matches to get a light—he had my candle to go to bed with.

Q. What means of living had he when he lodged with you? A. He had no means, I believe, no more than what I gave him and what he did—I cannot say what I had given him during the last month—he had a good many shillings from me I reckon—I cannot say how many—sometimes I gave him 1s., perhaps sometimes 6d., or 3d., or 2d., or what not, according as I was situated myself.

Q. What will you swear you had given towards his support for a month previous to the 6th of Oct.? A. I gave him his victuals, according to what I had he had—I never saw him in any particular gentleman's clothes—I cannot say what means he might have had—I never saw him in any gentleman's clothes—I never considered that he had as much as 5l.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What relative is he of yours? A. My nephew—I do not know Rous at all, only by seeing him at Bow-street—I never saw him before—the prisoner was at my house on the Monday morning—he had no shoemaking to do for me then, nor myself either—I was not particularly badly off at that time—I might be without work a day or two—I am badly off at any time, when I am at work—my circumstances were the same that Monday as they might have been at any other time.

Q. When had you last, before the Sunday night, given him any money? A. During the week—I cannot say the day—I might have given him 3s. or 4s. during that week—I had not given it to him all at once—I gave him 6d. sometimes, and sometimes 1s.—I did not give it to him without his asking me for it—he asked me to let him have 1s. or 2s., and I gave him according to what I could—I think the last I gave him was on the Friday—I think it was 6d. I gave him then—it was at night—of course he asked me for it, or I should not have given it him—he asked me if I could let

him have 1s. or 6d.—of course I expected he was without money, or I should not have given it him.

Q. Do you know where he could get half-a-crown from to pay for an umbrella? A. I gave him 2s. on the Monday morning, as he came home on the Sunday night, and told him not to come to my place any more—he asked me if I could let him have 1s. or 2s. then, and I said, "Don't you come to my place again; if you can get drunk you can keep yourself without getting money from me"—I have not got any umbrella of his, I have no use for it—I occupy three rooms on the second floor—I have a wife, but no family—I work at home—the prisoner occupied the back room—I worked and all in the room—we lived in it, all together—they are but small rooms—I do not know where he lived after he left me—I told him there and then, not to come any more, and I never thought anything further about it.

COURT. Q. How did you hear of his being taken up charged with this robbery? A. Why, I had heard of it on the Saturday, I think, and two gentlemen came to me on the Sunday.

MR. CLARKSON
Q. Was he ever in the Refuge? A. Yes, he has been—I should say it was about five or six months ago—I have never been in such a place, nor in any prison at all—I cannot say how often the prisoner has been there, I have never inquired—I did not come here to give him a character, I came merely to hear the trial, as I understood he was to be tried.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner for a similar offence.)
