




1518. 




HANNAH MOORE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of April, 7 sovereigns, the monies of 



John Smith; and 





JAMES M'CARTHY



 for feloniously receiving, harbouring, and maintaining her, knowing her to have committed the said felony; and that Moore had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN SMITH
. I am a sailor, and live with Mr. Polfer, in Old Gravel-lane. On the afternoon of the 12th of April, about four o'clock, I fell in with Moore, in a grog-shop—she took me to her house—as we went up stairs, I took my purse out and counted my money—she could see me—I had seven sovereigns in my purse—I did not give her any thing—I had nothing to do with her—I went to bed, and went to sleep—when I awoke, my money was gone—my purse was in my trowsers when I went to bed—I was not sober when I went to bed—I was when I awoke—I laid awake, and when Moore came in I accused her of robbing me—she said she had not, and went down on her knees—I went out with her about ten o'clock at night, and saw M'Carthy as I was going out—he asked where I was going—I said to give her in charge—he said I should not—I said I would give both in charge; with that he struck me above the brow, and on the side of the nose, and in my eye—he got down between my legs, and tried to throw me over—Moore got away.

M'Carthy. You did not mention about the robbery. Witness. I did not—I did not strike you.





THOMAS HENRY ELLIS
 (police-constable K 203.) I was on duty this night, in High-street, Shadwell—I saw the two prisoners about five minutes to eleven o'clock at night—I heard M'Carthy say to Moore, "The first one that touches you, I will knock his b----y eye out"—after that, I was called into the court by the prosecutor—he was bleeding very much in the face—M'Carthy was there—he did not say anything—the prosecutor gave M'Carthy in charge, and told me his story—M'Carthy could hear him, and said nothing—I afterwards found Moore—in going to the station, I received a sovereign from Roberts.





HENRY BATEMAN
. I am employed at the Duke of York public-house—about a quarter to nine o'clock, on the 12th of April, Moore came there—

I saw her give two sovereigns to Miss Smith, who waits in the bar—at half-past twelve she came and had threepenny worth of brandy, and Mr. Quin asked if he should take for it out of the sovereign, which he did, and gave her 19s. 9d.—she said she was very nigh done for.





JOHN ROBERTS
. I am employed as private watchman in High-street, Shad well—I was in the Duke of York about half-past twelve—a sailor came in; not the prosecutor—something was said to Mr. Quin, and he gave me a sovereign to take to Moore, but I gave it to the officer—I could not see Moore at the top of the street—I came back—Moore came after me, and asked me for the sovereign—I said I should not give it her, I suspected she had robbed some one—I went with her to Mr. Quin's door, and left her there—I went to the station.

Moore's Defence. I met the prosecutor in a public-house, between six and seven o'clock in the evening—he asked me if I would go home with him—his shipmate and his young woman went home with us—we were all in one rcom, as there were two beds—he tried the door, and there was no lock on it—his shipmate replied, "Never mind; let us go to bed"—he said he would give me 5s. to stop all night with him, and he would pay me in the morning, as we were both very much in liquor—I did not awake till about ten that night—the servant came up, and asked if we were going to have anything to drink—I said, "No"—the prosecutor got up, and said I had robbed him—I said, "You had better give me in charge"—we came to the door, and he gave me a dreadful kick—I went to the Duke of York, and got threepenny worth of brandy; the landlord asked what was the matter; I said I was almost done for: M'Carthy had seen him kick me, and a fight ensued between them. I saw no money in the prosecutor's possession; if any one robbed him, it must have been the servant of the house: she has not been heard of since.





JOHN SMITH

re-examined. There was no shipmate that went with me—no bne else stayed in the room.





ROBERT BOARD
 (police-constable K 332.) I produce a certificate of Moore's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

MOORE—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven years.


M'CARTHY—


NOT GUILTY
.
