



1105. 




THOMAS PAGE
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 reticule, value 1s.; 1 purse, 1s.;1 handkerchief, 1s.; 1 key, 2d.; and 1 shilling, the property of 



Susannah Corbyn, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SUSANNAH CORBYN
. I am single. On the 2nd of March I was going along Park-lane, about six o'clock—I had a reticule on my arm—a man snatched it away, and left the string on my arm—he ran down King-street-mews—I saw his figure, but not his face—this is my reticule.

Prisoner. Q. Did you run after the man? A. I did—he ran to the end of the mews before I lost sight of him—that might be 200 yards—I cried, "Stop thief!"—I did not see a policeman.





CHARLES ADAMS
 (police-constable C 47.) On the 2nd of March I was on

duty in Park-lane, about six o'clock—I saw the prisoner run from two ladies—he ran into King-street-mews—I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and pursued him—I did not lose sight of him—he was taken by another officer.

Prisoner, Q. Did you see me near the ladies? A. I saw you run from the ladies, about ten yards from them—I ran after you down the lane—I passed the ladies—I do not know whether they saw me—they might not—I pursued you more than a quarter of a mile—you ran through King-street, mews, and on to North Audley-street—I kept about ten yards from you all the way—I did not see you take the bag.





GEORGE TOWNSEND
 (police-constable C 26.) I took the prisoner in North Audley-street, in consequence of hearing a cry of "Stop thief," just after six o'clock—I saw him throw this reticule from his hand into the street—it was given to me by a lad.

Prisoner. Q. In what direction did I throw it? A. To the curbstone—it could not been changed by the person who picked it up—it was given to me as it was picked up—you threw it away after I had you in custody.

Prisoner. The prosecutrix swore she saw me run 200 yards, and down the mews, and the policeman swore he passed by the ladies; I think if he passed them, they could not have been off seeing him.





THOMAS MOORE
. I am deputy-governor of the county jail of Gloucester—I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, from the clerk of Assize for the county of Gloucester—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

