




1723. 



ROBERT HEFFER
 was indicted for

 breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Francis Marcus Beresford, at 
St. John, Southwark, and stealing 25 hides, value 22l. 10s., his property; and 




JOHN LEWIS



 for inciting him to commit the said felony, and also feloniously receiving the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution,





JAMES GOOD
. I live in Darby's-buildings, Sloue-y-lane—I am a corn porter, but have been out of employment a week or a fortnight—Stoney-lane is in the neighbourhood of Tooley-street, which runs parallel with the Thames—I know Pickle Herring wharf, the property of Mfc Beresford—Weaver's-lane leads out of Tooley street—when you go down that in a straight fine, there is another lane to the left called Brook's-yard, that tuns off at an angle a little way further—there is a door in ftrook's-lane, leading to Mr. Beresford'f premises, and further down you come to a large gate—on Thursday evening, the 2nd of Jury, I Was in Stoney-lane, and saw the prisoner Meffer with a man named Edwards—they went from Stoney-lane—I watched them to the bottom of the lane towards the river, then lost sight of them—I saw then last in Brook's-yard, close to Mr. Beresford's premises—I did not see them do anything—on the next night, the 3rd of July, about seven o'clock, I was on the look-out in Tooley-street, and saw the prisoner Heffief in a cart with a matt named Cornally—I saw them drive down Weaver's-lane, which leads frotf Tooley-street to Brook's-yard—after the cart turned down there, I went and saw it go through the first gate leading to Brook's-yard—I there lost sight of it—it was empty when it weat down—I saw it come back in about twenty minutes laden with something covered with old mats—Cornally had left then—I followed ft—it stopped at Mr. Lewis's yard, Butlers-buildings, New-street—I understand it to be his yard—he does not live there I believe—it drew into a gateway there—I saw it leave the gateway afterwards—Heffer brought it out, he backed the horse out of the gateway—it was then empty—I followed him and the cart to the old Rose public house—I saw him

get out and go into the house—I saw by the light the name "James Barrioger Snows-fields" on the cart—I did not watch any farther that night—the next morning, Saturday, I was up about four o'clock, and about seven o'clock I went to New-street with Malt and Tyler, and saw the prisoner Lewis in the middle of the road—there was nobody with him—I had never spoke to Lewis before or seen him—I asked if he was aware of what was drawn into his yaid on the previous evening—he laughed and said, "Come and have something to drink"—I do not know if he knew Malt and Tyler—he asked us all three whether we would come and have something to drink—we went into the Queen's Head, Fashion street—Lewis called for some porter—we went into the ta room, Heffer came in some time after to the room where we were-we had three pots of porter—they were paid for by Lewis—when we were I five there, Lewis asked if Malt or any of the party were hungry—Malt said he was—Lewis put his hand into his pocket, threw half a sovereign on the table—Malt took it up and gave it to me to get change—I went to the bar and got change—Poore, the barman, gave me change in shillings—11 returned to the tap-room, and gave Malt and Tyler three shillings each, 11 kept three shillings, and the odd shilling was spent in beer—we had bad I nothing to eat, we had more to drink—Heffer and Lewis partook of the drink I—I left with Malt and Tyler—when we left, Lewis asked the whole of tu to I call on the Monday morning, at the Old Rose in Russell-street, where I had I seen the cart go to—I went there, and found Malt and Tyler there, and tk I prisoners—Lewis said the goods were removed some five miles away, nobodj I had mentioned the goods but himself—he was the first that spoke—I do not I know why he told me that—he said he had no money—I was not disappointed I at that—I came away directly—(I do not know what he gave me the thret 1 shillings for—I heard a robbery had been committed there—I did not tell I him so)—I met Lewis again in the course of the week—he said the goods were I not disposed of—he said no more about money—that was the last interview 11 had with him—I told the policeman of it in the early part of the following week.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. How long have you been a coro-porter? A. Ten years—I work at Mr. Adams'i, Mr. Goulding's, and seven! I wharfs where corn is landed—I was employed regularly about twelve months I ago by Mr. Mark Brown, a wharfinger—a fortnight ago I was employed by Newell and Keane, of Horsleydown—I was at Brown's four years as a labourer I—I left to get better employment—I got 1l. 1s. a week there, and nothing I else, no perquisites—Mr. Adams and Mr. Keane employed me next—we art I not employed unless we are wanted—sometimes I got more than two guise I there—some days I earned nothing—I left his employment—I gave him notice—he did not give me notice—I never bad any charge made against men I my life—I have never been in trouble, and was never charged with any crine, I further than having a few words with the police—I cannot recollect when that was—I was fined 2l.—it was for assaulting the police—I have been employed I by the prosecutor a few days—we work from daylight to dark—I was not working on this evening in the neighbourhood of Weaver's-lane—there is one Imp I there—the lane is sixty or seventy yards long—Brook's-yard may be thence length—I went round that way on this evening, and met the prisoners—the were no persons with them—I met Cornally and Collins before them—they were walking together—this was on the Thursday—they were coming from Brook's-yard, and so were the others—I met them in Brook's-yard, which joins Weaver's-lane, about seventy yards from Tooley-street—I went there to watch them—I was not employed to do so—I said nothing to any of t I four—I walked to the water side, stood there some minutes, and returned again to Tooley-street—none of them spoke to me—I knew them—they

passed close to me—they stood there a very few minutes—on the following night I was at the top of Vine-yard, which leads to Pickle Herring-wharf—that does not run into Weaver's-lane—Brook's-yard is a thoroughfare—I did not ask for the 3s. at the Queen's Head—he gave it me and I took it—there was no more offered—I will swear Heifer was there—I am positive he and Lewis were there on Monday—I went there, because Lewis said there should be money given—I do not know what for—I went to get it—I told what I knew about this in the early part of the week—I had part of the 3s. left on the Monday—the last job I had I was employed by Mr. Keane, of Shad Thames—it was packing oats into hogsheads at the Tower—I got 4s. for it—it was ten or twelve days ago—I cannot tell you when I had been employed before that—I have worked as a labourer—I gave an account of what took place to a policeman named Tate on the night of the robbery—I did not state that I was in a privy and saw the whole transaction—I passed a privy.

Cross-examined by
MR. NAY LOR. Q. You asked Lewis if he was aware of what was drawn into his yard, did not he say hides? A. No—there was nobody close to me, only the other two persons—they are at large I believe—they are not here—I did not ask Lewis for anything to drink—he said, "Come and have something to drink"—on my oath I did not tell him I was one of the parties the hides belonged to, and he was to pay me—he said he had no money, not that he had no money for them, and could not pay me yet—he hat large premises there—I do not know whether he is a commission-agent—I do not know that he acted under the impression that I was one of the parties concerned in selling the hides—I did not ask him to give me something on account—I saw him an hour before he was apprehended, by order of the police—I do not know Mr. Beok—I had not asked to see a gentleman shortly before the time I went to Lewis, respecting this affair—I suspected a robbery when I saw the cart—I did not say anything to anybody—I never told Mr. Beck that Lewis had sold the hides—I did not say, Mr. Lewis was' a b----rogue, and he meant to stick to the money to my knowledge—I might say so—it was optional with him whether I had any of it—I have no recollection of saying he was a b----rogue—I do not know Beck—I did not use' those expressions to any party whatever to my knowledge—Edwards and Collins were taken up and charged with the robbery.

MR. DOANI
Q. How long is it since you were fined 2l.? A. Five or six years ago—I have never in my life been charged with felony, or with any offence.





JOSEPH PEARSON
. I am foreman to Mr. Francis Marcus Beresford, wharfinger, at Pickle Herring-wharf. He has warehouses near Brook's-yard—Weaver's-lane leads from Brook's-lane into Weaver's-yard—Brook's-yard has several warehouses leading down to the Thames—it is a very long lane; and Weaver's-lane is a small lane leading into it—our inner warehouse opens by a small door near the top at Brook's-yard—passing that door you go a little distance, and then there is a gateway leading into our yard, and that yard leads to the outer warehouse—anybody can easily get over that gate—it is about nine feet high—it would facilitate anybody getting over if they were in a cart—there is a bar across the gateway, which a man can rest his legs upon—there is an entrance to the outer warehouse, which is secured by a staple and padlock—if that staple is drawn, anybody can get into the ware-house, and then into the inner warehouse—there were twenty-five hides safe there on this night—on Saturday morning, between seven and eight o'clock; I found the warehouse door broken open, the inner door unfastened, and twenty-five hides missing—I have seen the twenty-five hides in the possession of Tate—they belong to my master—I have not a doubt of them—they correspond

with them, and have two marks upon them which I can swear to—afterwards looked at the bar of the gate, and noticed a graze, as if a man had let himself down by it.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. Does the gate connect the walls, or is it belonging to the buildings? A. It is between two warehouses—it connects the sides of the warehouses—there is no wall, but a gate—there is no brickwork over it—it is eight or nine feet high—we might have had 6000 or 8000 hides at that time, in different warehouses—there were 250 in the pan of the warehouse where the twenty-five were—Brook's-yard leads down to the river—it is not my duty to see the place locked up—I sent a man to lock them up—the warehouse is in the parish of St. John.





JAMES LOCKHART
. I am in the service of Mr. Beresford. On Friday evening, the 3rd of July, I locked up the warehouse—it has a padlock and staple—there are gates to the yard—I fastened them with a bar acrost—I went into the inner warehouse and fastened the door leading to Brooks-yard with a bolt—I was not the first there in the morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. It is your duty to see it safe? A. Yes.





WILFRED DOBSON
. I am in the service of Mr. Bereiford. It is my doty to open the premises in the morning—on Saturday morning, the 4th of July, I found the outer gates safe—the padlock and staple of the warehouse door were lying upon the ground—I did not go into the. Inner warehouse—there is no bolt to it.





JOSEPH PBARSON

re-examined. Dobson told me what had happened. I went to the inner warehouse and found the bolt unfastened—the aides could be taken out there more conveniently than over the gate.





JAMES BARRINQER
. I am a cow-keeper, and live in Snow's-fields. On Friday, the 3rd of July, when, I came home, I found my cart gone—Heifer brought it home about eight o'clock the same evening, and paid me It. on the 2nd of Aug. I had an interview with Lewis, after they had been examined at Union-hall—he came to pay me some money for hiring my I cart during the week—I said to him, "I have a summons here to attend the Old Bailey on your account; who was it fetched this cart that day, you of Heffer?"—he said, "Why I fetched it—I said, "Heffer brought it home, who fetched it, did you or Heffer?"—he said, "Why I fetched it, but I sent Heffer home with it," and he sent the money for it—he was consttaty in the habit of doing so—I have seen them together scores of times—they hire of me two or three days a week, up to the present time, and pay me to an hour, whether they have it one hour or twelve hours—I consider Le the master and Heffer the man—when Lewis came he always paid.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. How long have you known Heffin A, Two years—he is a very respectable man—they have been in the babit of paying me about 2l. a week for the last two years—I always considered I Lewis a master—I have seen him show bills to the amount of 700l. or 800l.—I believe he sells leather for curriers on commission—he looks about fa customers, and then goes to different warehouses to see what they have got I have drove my cart with him to curriers' warehouses to fetch the leather he came for my cart on an average three times a week.





JAMES POORE, JUN
. I am barman at the Queen's Head, Fashion-street, I and know both the prisoners. On a Saturday, early in July, between when I and eight o'clock in the morning, they came to the Queen's Head—Good was there, and Lewis—I saw some other men, but did not know them—I wrw I Lewis with beer in the tap-room—I do not know whether Good was in the tap-room—I cannot say whether they were together—Lewis was not by himself—there roust have been other persons there—I cannot say that I saw

Heffer—I did not swear that I did just now—I recollect it was Good and Lewis—I saw more men there in the tap-room—the bar looks into the tap room—there is a crook in one corner—I went into the tap-room with the beer—I cannot tell How many men were there—I did not count them—I have got other business to do—I cannot swear whether Heffer was one of them—I am sure I did not see him—he might be there and not notice him—Good brought half a sovereign to be changed—I believe he went into tho tap-room after changing it—I cannot tell whether they had more beer after wards.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. Lewis often takes people there, and pays them, and gives them beer? A. Yes.

COURT. Q. Did you ever see him there at seven o'clock in the morning before or since? A. I do not know.

JURY. Q. How many men were there? 4.1 cannot tell—I cannot tell How many pots of beer they had—I dare say I took in two.





WILLIAM LEWIS
. I am the prisoner's brother, and live at Mr. Wallen's, a tanner's, Russell-street, Bermondsey. I have seen Heffer with my brother—on the 6th of July my brother came home in the morning, and told me be bad some hides for sale—I inquired what sort they were—he said something similar to what I had there—nothing was said about the price at thai time—I said I was not in want of that particular description of hides—on the following day I met him accidentally in the street, and after some conversation he talked about the hides, and I consented to have them sent to me—I first asked him if they were bis own—he said they were not; he had to sell them for a person or persons, I do not know which—Heffer brought them on Monday, in the middle of the day—I have given twenty of them to the police—this description of hides was constantly in the market.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. Heffer acted as servant to your brother, I believe? A. I know nothing of my brother's affairs—my brother asked me to buy these in the ordinary way of business.

Cross-examined by
MR. NATLOR. Q. He pressed you to buy them no more than any other person would A. No—my brother is a commission-agent—he said he had them to sell for a person or persons.





THOMAS TATE
 (police-constable M 267.) On the 18th of July, in con-sequence of information, I apprehended the prisoner Lewis, at the Old Rose, Russell-street—(Heffer was in custody at the time)—I told him I took him for receiving twenty-five bides, stolen from Pickle Herring-wharf the pro perty of Mr. Beresford—he said, "The hides are all right;" that he had them from two young men, one dressed in a white smock-frock, and the other had a cap close to his head—in consequence of that, two people, Collins and Edwards, who answered the description, were taken into custody and discharged, there being no evidence against them Lewia said they told him that they picked them up one by one at the water-side, and had had them in their house some time—he afterwards told me he had sent them to Wallen's, the tanner; that is where his brother was employed—I took him to the station, went to Wallen's, and saw Lewis's brother there, who showed me the twenty five hides, and gave them up to me—I have known the witness Good some time—I never heard of his being a bad character.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR, Q. How long have you known him? Four or five years—I have seen him occasionally at work at the water side—he showed me the prisoners—he has not given me an account of the circumstances—he said something at the station-house about being in a pnvy, and witnessing the whole circumstance, and theu he contradicted it—there is a privy clnse to the gate.

Cross-examined by
MR. NAY LOR. Q. Lewis told you he had them to sell

on commission for two young men, did not he? A. Yes, he told me readily every thing I inquired about them.





JOHN WOODHOUSE
 (police-sergeant M 13.) I was on duty at the station-house when the prisoners were brought there—Heffer was charged with stealing, and Lewis with receiving—on hearing the charge Lewis said, in the presence of Heffer, that the hides were all right; he received them from Heffer to sell on commission; and if he had sold them, he should not have made more than a sovereign by them; and if he had known they had been stolen it would not have been worth his while—Heffer made no answer.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. How many persons were present? A. A great many—there was great confusion at the station—I will say positively that what I have said took place.





WILLIAM LEWIS

re-examined. I got the hides on the Tuesday—he first offered them to me on the Monday after the Friday.
(John Molesworth Thomas, cabinet-maker; James Jenkinson, of York-place, Kent-road, leather-dresser; Joseph Fisher, glove-manufacturer, King-street, Bermondsey; William Jordan, leather-dresser, of West-street; and John Slow, constable, of Bermondsey, gave Heffer a good character.)
(James Murrel, glover, of Wild's-rents, Long-lane; Thomas James Scates, tailor, of the Borough; Henry Rodgers, lighterman, of Russell-street, Bermondsey; William Watson, carman, of Long-lane; James Cole, pump and engine-maker; and William Ax ton, of Russell-street, Bermondsey, gate Lewis a good character.)

HEFFER


LEWIS





GUILTY
.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury, on account of their previous characters.






Transported for Ten Years.

