





887. 




JOHN DAVIS,


 RICHARD WELCH
, and 




JOHN ROBINS



, feloniously and sacrilegiously breaking and entering a chapel, at 
St. Giles's-in-the-Fields, and stealing therein, 1 chalice, 2 cups, 2 pattens, and 3 leather bags, value 9l. 13s.; the goods of 



John Dean paul and another; and 3 cassocks, 3 scarfs, and 1 bag, 7l. 13s.; the goods of 




Robert William Dibden, clerk.


MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN WARD.
 I live at 13, West-street, St. Giles's, and have the care of an Episcopal Chapel there—the service of the Church of England is performed there. On Wednesday night, 23rd Feb., I left the chapel locked up safe—the vestry door was locked, and all the property within was safe—I went there again about nine o'clock on Thursday morning—the vestry had then been broken into, the plate-chest broken open, and a chalice, two pattens, or salvers, and two cups, which were used for the purposes of the Church, taken from it—the poor-box in the chapel had been broken open, and a little money taken from it—three cassocksm a gown, and two scarfs were also gone, and some money, out of a small cupboard.

COURT.
Q. How did it appear the place had been broken into? A. The

vestry door had been broken by force—that is an inner door—you get to it through the school-house door.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
(police-sergeant, F11.) On Thursday, 24th Feb., I went to West-street Episcopal Chaple—the outer door was not broken open—at the vestry door the doorpost had been worked away by a chisel, or some sharp instrument, which allowed the box of the lock to be forced back, with a little pressure, and the door to Come open—there were marks of its having been forced—I afterwards went to Compton-street and High-street, and saw the three prisoners walking up High-street together—I got out of the way, as well as I could, into a pawnbroker's shop, and as they came by I beard Welch say to either or both of them, "Now don't be a b—y month, and I will wait for you"—they went on, and Welch waited close by there—I lost sight of the other two and of Welch, for a minute—I them fetched West and another constable, and when we came to the end of Compton-street I saw Robins coming down on the opposite side—where he saw me he ran up a court—I ran after him, and said I wanted him—West came, and took him into custody—I then came out of the court, and Davis was passing by with this handkerchief, which I afterwards found contained nearly all the plate—the handle of the chalice was aticking out of the handkerchief, through an opening—it was not tide up very closely—whether he saw us or not I cannot say, but he turned into a shop close by there—I went to him, and told him I wanted him for stealing the communionplate in West street—he said he knew nothing about it, and commenced fighting with me very violently—I ultimately secured him, and handed him over to another constable—I then went into a barber's shop, at the corner of Hampshire Hogyard, where I saw Welch standing, and said I wanted him for being concerned with Davis and Robins in stealing, the communionplate in West-street—after conveying him to the station-house, I went to 27, Compton-street, to the back room, third floor, and there found the remnants of two surplices, these three letterbags, and other property—I had seen Robins go into that house once previously—I believe they are his discharged at the station-house—Robins stated at the station that she was his wife—West also found a great number of things there.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. It was two days after the robbery that you heard Welch say this about the b—y month? A. No, the same day—I went direct from the chapel in search of Robins, as I suspected him, and this was about half an hour after I heard of the robbery—I am quite certain Welch uttered those words.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. Where did you see the prisoners first? A. In High-street—I do not know whether they them had a bundle—I merely saw them, and got out of the way as quick as I could—the articles went into a very small space—when I did find them they were tied up in a handkerchief—I took the one who had the articles a minute or two after I first saw them—they had separated before I found the bundle—Robins was a little way up the street when I took the others.





WILLIAM WEST
(police-sergeant, F106.) I found six skeleton keys, eight latch keys, and two chisels, in the back room, third floor, at 27, Compton-street—I compared one of those chisels with the marks on the platethest, and it fitted exactly—one of the keys fitted the outer door in the passage which leads to the vestry door—on the morning of 24th, I saw Robins 10 High-street—he ran into a court, and I took him—I told him what it was

for—he said, "Oh, let me go up stair"—these was a staircase in the passage—he resisted violently—I felt something in his pocket, and fancying it was the plate, I put him into an iron-shop, and found it to be the upper parts of these two cups—I found a small file on him at the station-house, and on Davis I found these matches.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. Who did you take first? A. I only took Robin—they were separately, and all within four minutes.

Davis. Q. When you passed me in the Broadway, had I any property on me? A. I did not look at you—I did not see any.





HENRY COOK.
 I live at 27, New compton-street, Soho. I know Robins—he lodges there, in the top back room.

Cross-examined by
MR. O' BRIEN.
Q. Who brought you here? A. Mrs. Higgins—I live in the front room, next to robins.





MARY ANN WARD

re-examined. These things are the property of the chapel—John Dean Paul is one of the trustees, and Robert Charles Bevan is another—I have the charge of it from them, and take care of it on their account—these cassocks and scarfs are the property of the clergyman, the Rev. Robert William Dibden.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN
Q. How do you know they are the. trustees? A. I have been told so by them, and have received instructions from them—the pew-rents are paid to them, through the manager, Mr. Hofflev—I let the pews, and Mr. Hoffley receives the money—the manager, through the trustees, supplies what is necessary for the chapel—I have been acting there eight or nine years.

COURT.
Q. The trustees are the masters, and all the rest act under them? A. Yes, and account to them for that what they receive—they truess appointed me.

Davis's Defence. On the morning in question I met Robins in Holborn, and accompanied him as far as Dudley-street, where we met Welch; he walked along with us a little way, and left us to go to the barber's shop to get shaved; he had nothing to do with it; he was only in our company a few minutes; when the officer saw me first I had no property on me; if I had had the bundle he could have seen it; we met a man who asked Robins if the things he had at his place were safe; he said, "Yes," as he had left them; the man had the bundle; he gave it to me, and asked if I would take left it across to the shop; I said, "Yes;" he said he was going to the Old Crown, and would call as he came back; I took the bundle into the shop, and Thompson came and took me.





JOSEPH THOMPSON

re-examined. They were all taken within five minutes of each other, and within twenty yards of the spot where I first saw them—I cannot say whether Davis had the bundle when I first saw him—I did not notice him sufficiently, as I did not want them to see me—I only lost sight of him for about a minute. while I ran up the street for assistance and back again—I had been looking for Robins, and West was then at his house making inquiry for him.

DAVIS—


GUILTY. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.


WELCH—


NOY GUILTY.



ROBINS—


GUILTY.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against Robins.)
