



99. 




CHARLES JAMES
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 bedstead, value 14l.; 1 looking-glass, 7l.; 3 tables, 20l.; 2 cheffioneers, 4l.; 16 chairs, 3l.; 1 carpet, 3l.; 1 lamp, 1l.; 2 fingerplates, 5s.; 2 doorplates, 5s.; 1 bed, 5l.; 2 pillows, 1l. 1 fender, 1l.; and 1 set of fireirons, 1l.; the goods of 



Henry Gyles.



MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





HENRY GYLES
. I live in Burtoncrescent. I have some houses at 16, Ladbrookterrace, Nottinghill—one of them was vacant about the 13th of Aug.—it had been let furnished, and some furniture was still remaining in it—amongst other things there was a bedstead, a bed, pillows, and other things, and some doorplates—the doorplates did not form the subject of any agreement between me and the prisoner—on the 16th or 17th of Aug. the prisoner called on me, and said he came to speak about that house—he said he was a private individual, keeping horses, and living in some credit at Four Posts, near Southampton—he gave me a reference to a Mr. Golding—I went to him—I saw the prisoner again 'the day afterwards, I and agreed to take him as a tenant—he came to my house to sign this I agreement, which is stamped—he took the house for three years—I afterwards met him at the house—there was a wagon at the door removing some furniture from the house—he said, "Those cheffioneers fit the recesses very well,"and he seemed to wish them to remain—there was an inventory drawn out by himself in pencil, of the articles which were left there—this is the inventory—it contains a bedstead, a lootable, and a variety of other things—with the exception of the bed and pillows, a price was named for all the things, and he stipulated to pay for them—the bed and pillows were to be left; and when his wife came to London, if she wished to have then, he was to enter into a negotiation with me about them—nothing was said about the doorplates—I put the prisoner in possession of the house on the 21st of Aug., and he was to pay for those things on the 5th of Sept.—I went to Ramsgate, and while there I received a letter, and came to town on the 3rd or 4th of Sept.—I went to the house, and found everything had been taken away but one chair.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Was not credit to be given for those things? A. Yes, a fortnight, till the 5th of Sept—there was a proposal of a sum to be paid for certain articles, which I acceded to, provided they were paid for on a certain day—the agreement was, that those other things should be paid for if they were approved of by the prisoner's wife, and on the same day—there was no price named for the bed and pillows—this invoice was made out on the 21st of Aug., at the same time the conversation took place about the bed and pillows.

COURT. Q. Suppose the price for the bed and pillows had been 50l., was he bound by it? A. No, there was no price named for them—if I put a price on them, if his wife approved of them, he was to pay.





JAMES BRAN NAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I received information of this transaction, and have traced a trifling part of the property—I have not found the bed, nor bedding—there is a place called Four Posts near Southampton—no such person as the prisoner was known there—I took him into custody at No. 212, Hoxton Old Town—it is a pie shop, and they sell hot potatoes.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it was his house? A. From information—I have seen his wife serve at the counter, and I found him there.

COURT
to
MR. GYLES. Q. When the day came when these things were

to be paid for, suppose the prisoner's wife had valued this bed at 1l., should you have been obliged to sell it? A. By no means—I should have had the option on that day of selling or not selling; and hit undertaking was, that if I did not like the price he proposed, he was to send it home to my house carriage free.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. He might have used this bed? A. No, it was in a separate room by itself—it was by no means to be used till the negotiation took place—he was to use the other things, but these were placed in a corner of the room, and some things placed over them to keep the dust from them, preparatory to their being removed to my house.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
