



2014. 




WILLIAM SIMPSON



, stealing 30 feet of iron pipe, value 16s.; the goods of the 

Eastern Counties Railway Company; having been before convicted.


MR. WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM COX NOURSE
. I am a gas-fitter, of Stratford-grove, Essex. This pipe was safe at the Stratford station three weeks before the 4th Aug.—it is the property of the Eastern Counties Railway Company—the prisoner worked for the contractors, not for the company.





WILLIAM JONES
. I am foreman to Mr. Foy, contractor for gas to the Eastern Counties Railway Company. The prisoner was formerly in his employ—I saw him crossing the line from the Stratford workshops towards Stratford, on 4th Aug., with these three pieces of pipe—I asked where he got them, he said he was going to the gas-works, to Drury—I said, "Drury does not want it"—he said, "I understand he has a job; I brought it up from Blackwall; it is not your pipe"—I said, "It is; I wish to know who it does belong to"—he said, "Where is Mr. Foy?"—I said, "On the platform"—he went to him, and Mr. Foy gave him in charge—we missed the pipe—I produce a piece corresponding with it.





JAMES GALE
. I am a gate-keeper at Stratford. On 4th Aug. I took the prisoner—he said he purchased the pipes of Russell and Co., Upper Ground-street, Blackfriars—I took him there, and found they were not bought there—it is galvanized iron tubeing.





ERASMUS JAMES NICHOL LAWRENCE
. I transact the business of Messrs. Russell, and have the selling of all the goods. I did not sell the prisoner these pieces of pipe—it would not be sold in this state—it is galvanized, but the prisoner said it was painted.

Prisoner. Q. Do not you recollect me coming there? A. Several times, I think, but I do not recollect your purchasing anything.

Prisoner's Defence. The foreman of the ticket-takers saw me with it in Stratford, and if I had stolen it I should not have returned with it to the railway.






JOSEPH HENRY TAYLOR
 (policeman, D 115). I produce a certificate—I was at the trial—the prisoner is the man mentioned in it—(read—Convicted Feb., 1846, having been before convicted: confined six months).




GUILTY
. Aged 50. 


Transported for Seven Years.

