



2009. 




CHARLES BAINES



, feloniously killing and slaying 



Mary Ann Maine; he was also charged on the Coroner's inquisition with the like offence. 


MESSRS. HUDDLESTON
and
COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution,





ELIZA ANDREWS
, Jun. I am eleven years old, and live with my mother at 5, Hinton-street, Bethnal-green. I know the prisoner—he lived at our house with a woman that was called his wife—on Wednesday night, 26th Sept., I was called up-stairs a little after ten o'clock—I saw Mrs. Baines standing on the landing—the prisoner was in his room, lying on the bed with his clothes on—Mrs. Baines asked me to get her clothes; I went in, got them off a chair, and took them to her—she said to the prisoner, "I will let you know when I put on my clothes," and he got up and took away her clothes from her, put them on the bed, and lay on them; he then got off the bed again, came on the landing, and kicked her twice—I saw him do it—she was at the top of the stairs—he kicked her in the stomach the first time—she staggered back and held by the bannisters—he had his boots on at the time; they were bluchers—the second time he kicked her it was on the breast—she put her head down on the stairs and cried, and he went and laid on the bed again—she had no clothes on—she was lying down when she received the second kick—she lay down when he first kicked her—she did not lie there a minute, for I asked her if I should help her down, and she came down with me into my mother's room, the front room; she walked down—she then sat on a chair and cried—she asked me to help her down on the floor; I did, and she laid on the floor in our room and groaned—my mother was out—I asked if I should fetch anybody, and I fetched Mrs. Marling, the person next door; and after Mrs. Marling came in my mother came home—the prisoner was given into custody that same night—my mother called him down stairs; she called him three times before he came—Mrs. Baines had been packing up her things during the day; she was going to move, and my mother also—her crockery was packed up in a basket in her room; I saw one piece lying on the floor.

Prisoner. Q. What did Mrs. Baine call me when she got up? what did she have in her hand? A. Nothing.






CATHERINE MARLING
. I am the wife of Thomas Marling, of 4, Hinton street. On Wednesday night, 26th Sept., I was sent for to the deceased's house—I went into Mrs. Andrews' room, and saw the deceased there—she was in very great agony, lying on the floor—I assisted her to Mrs. Andrew's bed, from which she was afterwards removed.





ELIZA ANDREWS
. I lived at 5, Hinton-street, at the time in question—I came home on 26th, about ten minutes to eleven o'clock, and found the deceased lying on my bed, groaning dreadfully—I called the prisoner down stairs—after some time he came—he kissed his wife, and said something to her in a low tone, which I could not understand—he asked me if I could do anything for her, and I think he asked her to go up-stairs—she said, "I can't"—after that, he said something to her, and she called him a brute—I do not know that he made any answer to that, but he went on and said she was not hurt, she was only shamming, that she did it to collect a mob—he said nothing about the injury, nor did she in his presence—I went with her to the hospital.





DAVID DALE
 (policeman, K 425). About half-past twelve o'clock on this night I was sent for, and saw the deceased lying on the bed in Mrs. Andrews's room—she appeared to be in a very dangerous state, groaning and in great pain—Mrs. Andrews sent up-stairs for the prisoner—he came down, went up to the deceased, kissed her, and asked if he could assist her to the hospital—she said, "Oh, you brute!"—he went and sat down again, and said she was a bthing, she was only shamming to colleet a mob about her—I did not bear anything said as to the cause of the injury—another constable took her in a cab to the hospital—I took the prisoner to the station—he said he had come home very tipsy, that his wife said something to him which he did not like, and a quarrel ensued, and he kicked her.





CHARLES HARPER
. I am house-surgeon at the London Hospital, On Thursday morning, 27th Sept., the deceased was brought there—I attended her until her death, which was on the 28th, thirteen hours after her admission—I examined her when she first came—I found no external marks of violence on the abdomen—she was very ill, and suffering a great deal of pain in the abdomen—she seemed better until towards night, when she got worse, and gradually sank—I examined the body after death, I found the membranes of the intestines as if inflammation had taken place in them—I should suppose it to have been of about two days' standing—I also found slight disease of the lungs, but I attached no importance to that as it respects the cause of death; it was of very old standing—I found all the other organs of the body comparatively healthy, at least there was nothing about them to account for death—I attribute the death to peritonitis, or inflammation of the membrane covering the intestines—a kick with a boot would cause that—I should say the inflammation was of about two days' standing, at any rate very short; I could not say the number of hours, I should say between one and two days—I have heard the evidence—I should think an injury inflicted on the 26th might have caused what I saw on the 28th—it would depend very much on the condition of the deceased, and the intensity of the inflammation—I should say she had been in a sickly state before.

COURT? Q, Could the inflammation you saw have existed if it was produced by a kick, without there being some external mark? A. Certainly, from the elasticity of the part.





CATHERINE MOODY
. I am the wife of John Moody, a sailor—my daughter lived with the prisoner—she was the wife of Charles Mayne, a ship scraper—her name was Mary Ann—I saw her dead body—it was the same person.


Prisoner's Defence (written.) "I returned from work between eight and nine o'clock, in liquor, and found the deceased in bed; I had been cohabiting with her for twelve months. I went to her and said, 'Well, old girl, how are you?' she said, 'You b----wh----'s son you shall not stop here; get out of bed;' and she laid hold of a basin, with the intention, as I thought, of throwing it at me; I told her she had better be quiet; I turned to go to bed, when she struck me on the right ear; and in the passion of the moment I kicked out at her, not thinking she was within reach; but, unfortunately she was. I beg for mercy."




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.

