



2272. 




JOHN MILLS



, stealing a sovereign from a post-letter, the property of the 

Postmaster-General.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN PLAYLE
. I am an inspector of letter-carriers to the General Post-office. The prisoner has been a letter-carrier there two year—his was the Paragon district, New Kent-road. In consequence of complaints, I received instructions to enclose some money in a letter—I saw a sovereign enclosed in an envelope with a letter—I marked it, and saw it marked and sealed up securely by Mr. Russell, and addressed, "Mr. C. Dyer, 6, Wey-mouth-street, New Kent-road, London"—this is it—(produced)—I posted It at the public place at the General Post-office—Gardner took it from my hand at five minutes past five o'clock in the morning—I did not see the prisoner in the office till eleven—he had then been out, and returned—it was his duty to go out with letters about eight—this address is not within his district—I received the letter from Mr. Bell, of the London district department about nine the same morning—it would go to that office in due course—it then had no coin in it—the seal was not broken, but there was a fracture on the upper right corner of the envelope in the crease, large enough for the

sovereign to be taken out; the raw edge of the note came to the aperture, it could be shaken out—eleven was the time the prisoner would receive his weekly wages, but he was desired to go into Mr. Kelly's private room—Peak, who was there, searched him, and produced 19s. in silver in one end of a purse—there were two crowns—I do not know what was in the other—he was asked if he bad seen that letter that morning—he said, "No"—he was asked if he had changed a sovereign—he said he had not—he was asked if he had been into any public-house—he said, "No "—he was detained—I was in the same room about four in the afternoon, when he was again asked if he had been into any public-house and changed a sovereign—he said, "No"—he was asked if he had not been to the Rockingham Arms that day—he said be bad, to get a pot of porter, which he paid for with a fourpenny piece, receiving 1d. change—he was asked if he was sure he had not paid for it with a sovereign—he said he had not—Duncan was then brought in, and said in the prisoner's hearing that he had given him change for a sovereign that morning—the prisoner said, "I did change a sovereign—I did not like to confess that I had done so, after having said repeatedly that I had not; I found it on my seat"—Mr. Kelly said, "Why did not you give it up, you knew it was your duty to give it up to one of the Inspectors "—I do not remember his answer—this is the sovereign—here is my mark—it was given me for the purpose, from the public funds of the Post-office.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAREY. Q. Did the letter travel from Manchester to London? A. No; the Manchester post-mark was put here—I gave Gardner five or six letters, to give to the superintendent of the sorting—all contained marked sovereigns, and one, other coin as well—the letters were in a lump in my hand—I did not count them; there were not more than eight—I can see the mark without a glass—I marked each of the other coins in different ways—here is a memorandum of the mark I put on this sovereign; it is a dot after "Dei," it is a Victoria sovereign of 1846.

MR. BODKIN. Q. A letter posted in this way would come into Gardner's hands? A. Not of necessity—this was a special case; I made him a receiver for the purpose—it would undergo two or three different sortings.





THOMAS RUSSELL
. I am an Inspector of letter-carriers. On 29th Sept. I enclosed this sovereign in a letter—here is my mark on it—I put it into this envelope, addressed to Mr. Dyer—it was delivered to Mr. Playle, with others, prepared for the same purpose.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the sovereign in the note? A. Put loosely into it, and the note put into the envelope—it would not come out by fair means—it is a fictitious letter—I am positive of the mark—I have a memorandum of it; it is a dot at the end of "Regina "—Mr. Playle described the sovereign, I examined it, and found it correct—we both described it on the same paper, and put our initials.





JOHN GARDNER
. I am a clerk in the inland-department of the General Post-office. On 30th Sept. I was on duty there, and received a packet of letters, containing coin, from Mr. Playle—I believe this produced to be one—I took them into the superintending-president's office, and gave them to Mr. Rice in the state in which I received them.

Cross-examined. Q. Were these post marks on it when you received it? A. Yes.





HENRY RICE
. I am superintending letter-sorter in the Post-office. On the morning of 30th Sept. I received several letters from Gardner—this is one of them—they appeared to contain coin—there is such a person as Mr. Dyer at this address—if it had gone in its proper direction it would have found

him—he would know the object of its being sent—I went, about six o'clock, to the twelfth division of the sorting-office, and placed this letter among those already sorted for the Paragon district—the collector takes them from those—the Paragon district is not divided into parts; they are all given to one to deliver there—they would find their way to the prisoner, the letter-carrier of that district—I saw him take them away ten minutes afterwards—this address is not in his delivery, but it was intended to be done—it would be his duty to give it to the blind sorter, as soon as he discovered it, in going through his letters to set them, which is done at his seat in the Post-office.

Cross-examined. Q. What time were they given to you? A. About half-past five o'clock—the prisoner's duty commenced at a quarter-past—he signs the book at that time—he might have seen me when he fetched the letters, I was close by—the letter would get to the London district in its ordinary course—one side of the New Kent-road is in the London district—the Paragon district is nearest the Post-office.





MATTHEW PEAK
. On 30th Sept., about twelve o'clock, I searched the prisoner in Mr. Kelly's room, and found on him 1l. 1s. 8d. in silver, and 4 1/2 d. in copper—there were two crowns—this letter produced was shown to him, and it was stated that a sovereign had been abstracted from it—he said he knew nothing about it—it was said that it had been placed among his letters that morning—he said he knew nothing about it—he was asked if he had changed a sovereign that morning—he said, "No"—he was asked if he had been into any public-house that morning to have anything to drink—he said, "No."





ROBERT POTTER
. I acted as blind-sorter at the Post-office—mis-sorted letters are brought to me—I keep no account of them; I cannot tell whether this was brought, if it was I should have sent it to the London district.





JOHN DUNCAN
. I am fifteen years old, and am bar-boy at the Rocking-ham Arms, New Kent-road. The prisoner delivers letters there—he came there on the day I was taken to the Post-office, for a pot of porter—it came to 3d.—he gave me a sovereign—I gave it to Hodges, who put it through a chink into the gold part of the till, which was separate from the other, and kept locked, he gave me silver, which I gave the prisoner—there were two 5s.-pieces among it.





EDWARD HODGES
. I put the sovereign into the gold-drawer, which was kept locked, and gave Duncan the change.





ROBERT SINCLAIR
. I am son of the keeper of the Rockingham Arms. On 30th Sept. Tyrrell came—I opened the gold-drawer, and gave it him to look at—he selected a sovereign from several there—I put a mark on it—this produced is it.





ROBERT TYREELL
. I am an officer of the Post-office. On 30th Sept. I selected this sovereign from others, at Mr. Sinclair's, by means of a written paper.





SAMUEL BELL
. I am President of the London-district office—Mr. Edwards, a clerk in that office, gave me this letter—it would arrive there, being directed to Weymouth-street—it was found about eight o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Who brought it? A. It came from the Inland-office, with others, in a box, through a tunnel—they are sent by a messenger—if it was given to the blind-sorter, he would transfer it to the messenger.
The Rev. Robert Eden, of Lee, Essex, and John M. Nowland, surgeon, of Newington, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY. Aged 25.—Recommended to merery
—



Transported for Seven Years.

