






1865. 




GEORGE ALGAR,



 JOHN GWYNN
, and 




ELLEN SMITH
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
19th of May, 3 shillings and 2 sixpences, the monies of 



Benjamin Anning, from the person of 



Eliza Anning.






ELIZA ANNING
. I am the wife of Benjamin Anning. On Thursday, the 19th of May, I landed from a vessel, about two o'clock, and went to Tower-hill—there were five men about there—I noticed one of them—Marshall came and told me something—I missed three shillings and two sixpences from my right hand'—I had seen them safe about five minutes before—I observed Gwynn looked at me very hard.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Were the guns firing? A. No—they had been firing.





JOHN ADAMS
. I was on Tower-hill—I saw Algar and Gwynn together on Tower-hill—they joined two more, who have escaped—I saw the prosecutrix—the men followed her—they went up to her, and lifted up her gown—they saw me, and drew back—they went to her again, lifted her gown, took the money with their right hand; and one, who has escaped, took the money, and passed it to Gwynn—he and Algar ran off—I pursued, and they were taken—Smith and some other persons came up, and attempted to rescue Algar from the policeman—he was thrown down, and much hurt.

Cross-examined. Q. It was a man that is not here that lifted the pocket, and took something out? A. Yes—Algar was with Gwynn, and talking to him, and the other two crossed over to where these two men were—the others covered while the man picked the pocket—my attention was directed to the pocket.

Gwynn. Q. Where were you when you saw the money given to me? A. Close by.





WILLIAM MARSHALL
. I am a smith. I was going across Tower-hill—I saw Algar and Gwynn, and two other men, ga behind the prosecutrix—one, who is not here, lifted the pocket, and turned it inside out, and then ran through the Nag's Head public-house—Smith was not by then—she was behind me, and I was close to them—Smith was about eight yards from the prosecutrix when the money was taken.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not Algar talking to one of the other men? A. I did not see him—I did not observe them all along—my attention was fixed on the man who lifted the pocket.

Gwynn. Q. Did not you say that the map that lifted the pocket, put his bands into his breeches' pockets, and walked through the Nag's-head? A. I did not see him.





THOMAS ARNOLD
. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw Gwynn running—I took him—Smith immediately came up, and said, "That is not the, man, let him go"—she got in between us several times, and tried to rescue him—Gwynn kicked me several times very violently, and threw me down—he attempted to pass something to Smith, and I heard silver drop—I did not see it.

Cross-examined. Q. Algar gave you no trouble? A. No. Gwynn. Q. Did you not say it was not me threw you down? A. No.





WILLIAM LEECH
 (police-constable H 18.) I heard the cry of, "Stop thief," and took Algar—two sixpences and one shilling were picked up—Smith said it was her money, and endeavoured all she could to prevent our taking the prisoners—I said if she would go to the station, if it was hers she should have it.






RICHARD ROBERTS
. I saw Smith come up, and some money placed by
Gwynn in her hand—she attempted to put it to her bosom—the policeman gave her a push, and the money fell on the ground.

ALGAR*—



GUILTY
. Aged 19.

GWYNN*—



GUILTY
. Aged 21.

SMITH**—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.
✗ 





Transported for Ten Years

