



1748. 



JAMES SCOTCHMORE
, was again indicted

for bigamy.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






LYDIA READER
. I am the sister of Elizabeth Williams. The prisoner was married to her on 5th May, 1828—she was alive last night—she was living with the prisoner up to the time of his leaving her—she has not been living with Nash more than five years—I cannot say how long the prisoner lived with her.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Did they live together more than two or three years? A. I should think about seven years—they parted through his ill-usage—I did not live with them—I say it was through his ill-usage, by my sister's black eyes and bruised face—she said he did it—I did not see any bruises about the prisoner—he used to beat her—she was in ill-health—the prisoner was then a hair-dresser—when he left her he left a shop in Ratcliffe-highway—he left her in a state of destitution.





ANN CORDELL
. I was a widow—I married the prisoner on 22d Sept., 1840, at St. Saviour, Southwark—I was then a licensed victualler—I had a public-house and business—after marrying him, he brought everything to ruin very quickly—he lived with me between two and three years—my furniture and everything was seized for rent—I had no property but my business, which was worth 400l.—that is all gone—when my house was gone the prisoner went too—he left me and my two children by my former husband, in an empty room.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you known him before you married

him? A. He had used my house before for some months—I did not know his first wife at the time I married him—he told me he had lived with a woman, and she had a son by him, and he allowed that son so much a week—it was near twelve months before I knew he was married, when his wife came to my house—she made no objection—I lived with the prisoner after that—I do not know a man called Shallow Jemmy—I have not lived with any one since I lived with the prisoner—I live with my son.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years more.

