



1908. 




GEORGE HYDE
 was indicted

 for feloniously, with three other persons, assaulting 



Frederick Thomas Bennett, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 3 half-sovereigns, his monies; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.


MR. HORNE
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK THOMAS BENNETT
. On Tuesday morning, the 19th of Aug., I was returning home, about ten minutes past one o'clock in the morning—it was three or four weeks ago—I do not want to do any harm to the prisoner—I had come from my uncle's, in Kingsgate-street, Holborn—it rained very hard—when I got to the corner of Marshall-street, London-road, three men met me—one man laid at the end of my feet, with his hands holding each of my ancles—the others were one on each side of me—they chucked my hands over my back—the fourth man came up, put his hand on my mouth, and his knee on my chest, and took three half-sovereigns from my pocket, and left one sovereign and four half-sovereigns behind.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. I believe you had been enjoying yourself that night? Witness. What reason have you to believe that?—I had spent 4d. in coming from Kingsgate-street, Holborn, to the London-road, so I do not think I was very tipsy—I had been in the Prince of Wales public-house, and had fourpenny-worth of rum and water—I do not recollect throwing a sovereign at the landlord, nor throwing any silver down on the counter—I do not think I did do so—I will swear I did not—I was there about a quarter of an hour—I drank no more than I have stated—I was not drunk—I had had six penny-worth of rum and water at the Prince of Wales—I was rather the worse for liquor—I did not stumble or fall at the

end of Marshall-street—I was by myself—it was not a dark night—it was raining.

MR. HORNE. Q. How far is the Prince of Wales from your house? A. Not fifty yards—I had felt my money safe in my pocket about five minutes before these men came up to me—as I came out of the Prince of Wales I counted it, as I knew it was a bad house.





WILLIAM COOMBES
 (police-constable L 95.) On the morning of the 19th of Aug. I was at the window of Mr. Richardson's house, at the corner of Marshall-street and London-road—I saw the prosecutor come up—when he was under the lamp he staggered off the pavement into the road—I saw four persons come to the top of Marshall-street—one of them said, "Halloo"—three of them came down and laid hold of the prosecutor—the prisoner is one of them—I have known him four or five years—one still remained at the top of the street—the three came towards him, laid hold of his arm, and put it behind him—the prisoner directly let go his arm, came round in front of him, and put his hand into the prosecutor's waistcoat pocket—the prosecutor hallooed, "Police!"—I saw the prisoner put his hand on his mouth, throw him down on the ground, and lay a-top of him, or stand over him—the fourth person had then come down to the other three—I did not see that fourth man do anything to the prosecutor—I immediately came down stairs, and asked Mr. Richardson to open the door—I went out, and saw the prosecutor on his hands and knees, getting up off the ground—the four men were then turning the corner—the prisoner and another ran down Union-street, which is the next street to Marshall-street—the other two ran down the London-road, towards the Blind-school—the prisoner ran up a court that has no thoroughfare, and stood at the door of the last house on the left, in his shirt sleeves—(when I saw him with the prosecutor he had a blouse on)—I said, "I want you, Mr. Hyde"—he said, "Want me! I live here"—I said, "I know better; you knocked a man down just now, and robbed him"—I took him round to Marshall-street, but could not find the prosecutor—I then took him to the station, and charged him on suspicion—I afterwards went to this court in Union-street—I saw something white under a closet door at the end of the court—there was a vacancy of about nine inches at the top of the door—I forced the door open, and there found a blouse—I took it to the station, aud next morning I saw the prisoner with it on—he asked me who brought his blouse to the station—I said I did—he asked me where I found it—I said in the privy—the house I was in when this occurred belonged to Mr. Richardson—a wall next his house had been condemned, and pulled down, and he applied at the station for two men to be about at night, as the house was exposed—I had a view of the street where the prosecutor was standing—there was a gas lamp right opposite—I had a full view of them—they all three paused there for a minute.

Cross-examined. Q. You took the prisoner to the station in his shirt sleeves, did you not? A. Yes—when he got to the station he asked me to let him have a coat, as he was under the doctor's hands—I left the blouse in the inspector's hands—I was on the first floor of the house—there is a floor-cloth factory on the opposite side, and a lamp—it is a narrow street—I was looking out of the first floor window, looking down—the parties came up at the very moment I saw the prosecutor stagger off the pavement into the road—it all took place very rapidly, in the course of about two minutes—I continued looking out at the window till I saw

the prisoner put his hands into the prosecutor's pocket and throw him down—I then came down—at the time the prosecutor staggered the persons were just at the mouth of the street.




GUILTY
of robbery, without violence.
 Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

