




525. 




JOHN COUSINS
 and 




THOMAS HILL
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 pair of boots, value 4s., the goods of 



Charles James; and that Cousins had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS DENAHAY
. I work for Mr. Charles James—he is a shoemaker, at No. 52, Whitechapel-road—he had a pair of boots hanging on the shop door on the 6th of Jan.—between one and two o'clock I was going in, and saw a crowd at the door—I made my way up—these are the boots which were hanging up safe—they are Mr. Charles James's.





GEORGE FURLBY
. I live with my father, next door to the prosecutor—on the 6th of Jan. I was serving a customer—I saw the two prisoners looking through my father's window—I then saw Hill pass something to Cousins, who tucked it under his coat, and went away—Hill went the other way—I had seen the boots before—I did not see anybody touch them, but both the prisoners were standing close by where they were—I told my father—he went out and stopped Cousins, and these boots were found on him in my presence, in Mr. James's shop, where Cousins had been brought back to—Hill was taken the next morning—I am sure Hill was the person—I had seen him once before.





WILLIAM CARR
 (police-constable H 109.) I was sent for to the prosecutor's—Cousins was in the shop—Mr. James said in his presence that he had taken these boots from under his coat—he said he did not take them, but the other boy took them—I took Hill on the Thursday morning, and the moment I stopped him, before I had said a word to him, he said, "I did not take the boots."

Cousins's Defence. I hope you will be merciful; it is the first time; the prosecutor was my teacher at a Sunday-school for seven years, and I was one of the best boys in the whole school.





WILLIAM KING
 (police-constable, H 83.) I produce a certificate of Cousins's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read Convicted on the 19th of August, 1845, and confined three months)—he is the person—I have known him convicted from the office for stealing trifling things—he associates wilh a set of thieves.

COUSINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


HILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 10.—



Confined Three Months.

