




256. 




WILLIAM JONES
 and 




JAMES FINLAYSON
 were indicted for

 stealing 6 ivory tablets, value 1l., the goods of 



Lewis Fache, from his person; and that Jones had been before convicted of felony.






LEWIS FACHE
 I live at No. 8, Hare-court, Aldersgate-street, and am an ivory-worker. On the night of the 6th of Dec. I was at the bottom of Snow-hill—the prisoners came and pinioned my arms, one on each side of me—as soon as I could extricate myself I put my hand to my pocket, and found I had lost six ivory tablets with pearl counters—I had felt them safe just before—there was another person with the prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRT
Q. What time was it? A. A quarter after twelve o'clock—it was raining—I had my umbrella up—I had not been out with any friends—I was coming up the hill—this pinioning occurred all at once—they came behind me, and in a moment it was all over, and Jones ran away—Finlayson leaned over to me afterwards, and said, "I beg your pardon for running up against you"—I put my hand to my pocket, and saw Jones run away—I put ray umbrella down, and ran and caught him on this side of Hosier-lane—I could not identify the third person—I took Jones myself—I saw Finlayson—he was taken by the officer a few minutes afterwards—he followed, and I pointed him out to the officer—I ran after Jones about fifty yards, and took him facing Hosier-lane.

JURY
Q. Did you ever lose sight of either of the prisoners? A. No, I swear to both of them.





JAMES NEW MAN
 (City police-constable, No. 288.) At a quarter past twelve o'clock that night I heard a cry of "Police!"—I saw Jones running, and the prosecutor after him—Finlayson was creeping along the side of the houses to make his escape—I took him—he refused to come to the station—there was nothing found on him.

cross-examined. Q. You saw him creeping along? A. Yes, going close along by the houses, looking round to see if I was coming—he was on the opposite side to where the prosecutor was—the prosecutor pointed him out—I followed him—he ran up into Smithfield.





THOMAS BROWN
 (City police-constable, No. 215.) I produce a certificate of the conviction of Jones by the name of William Berry at this Court—(read convicted 21st Oct., 1844, and confined one year)—the prisoner is the person.
(Finlayson received a good character.)

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


FINLAYSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Nine Months.

