



1674. 




JAMES CORDELL



, stealing 1 purse, 1 handkerchief, and 1 corkscrew, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Bartholomew, from the person of 



Eliza Jane Bartholomew.
MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZA JANE BARTHOLOMEW
. I am the wife of Thomas Bartholomew. Between ten and eleven o'clock, on 8th Aug., I was on board the Isle of Thanet, off Woolwich—I felt the prisoner press against my side—having felt that, I turned, and saw him putting my pocket-handkerchief into his pocket—I said, "You have picked my pocket"—I felt my pocket, and missed my purse, which had one shilling in it, and a corkscrew—I said to my husband," That man has robbed me"—he went round the deck, and when he came to me again he had my purse and the corkscrew in his hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Where was this? A. Off North Woolwich—the vessel had not moved from the pier—this corkscrew is a portable one—I believe the prisoner was roughly used—my husband told the people it was exceedingly wrong to do so—I do not know that there was a judge and jury appointed, and that they called the judge the Common

Serjeant, and that they tied a rope to the prisoner's body, and threatened to throw him overboard—I had not been stooping down, I was looking at my boxes—the prisoner sat next to me—I begged him to move.





THOMAS BARTHOLOMEW
. I was on board the vessel—in consequence of my wife speaking to me, and pointing out the prisoner, I watched him—I met him near the funnel—I charged him with picking my wife's pocket—he gave me this purse and corkscrew—he dropped a handkerchief just behind him, but I did not see him—he was ill-used—I told them not do so, and told him to go below.

Cross-examined. Q. Who were the persons who had hold of him? A, I do not know, they were strangers—I do not believe they had a judge and jury, and tried him—it was nearly two hours after he gave up the purse and corkscrew before I went to him—I did not see any rope round him—I went and spoke to the captain—he told the men to keep their eye on him—he took the purse and corkscrew from his pocket, and gave them to me—he said he picked them up on the deck.




GUILTY
.*† Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

