




678. 




SARAH HARRIS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of Jan., at 
St. James's, Westminster, 300 yards of lace, value 45l.; and 5 pairof gloves, 10s.; the goods of 



William Edgar and others, in their dwelling-house; and that she had been before convicted of felony.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






ANTHONY BLACKBURN
. I am assistant in the shop of Swan and Edgar, of Regent-street. On the 3rd of Jan. the prisoner came in about two o'clock, and asked to look at some black satin—I showed her some—she purchased one yard and a quarter for six shillings—she asked to look at kid gloves, and bought one pair—she then asked to look at some lace—I went to the place where the lace was kept, for one box—I brought the box to the counter—she looked at it, and purchased a yard and a quarter—she asked to look at some other—while I went for the second box I left the other on the counter—I came back—she did not purchase any from that second box—she asked to look at some Valenciennes lace—one box of lace was left on the counter while I went for the Valenciennes lace, and the other was taken away—I had to go about forty yards—I was away a few minutes—when I came back she purchased two yards out of the third box—she paid for what she bought, 31s. 9 1/2 d.—I offered to send the things home, which she declined—she left the shop—I then took the two boxes, and placed them on the counter before Mr. Little.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long was she there altogether? A. Not quite an hour—there were a great many other persons serving besides me—there were other persons behind the same counter that I was at, and other persons being served at the same counter as the prisoner—I supposed it was all right when I took the boxes back—I saw nothing to create my suspicion.





THOMAS LITTLE
. I am a shopman in the employ of Swan and Edgar. On the 3rd of Jan. Blackburn brought me two boxes of lace—the pieces in them had been counted, and the number marked on the box-lid—I did not mark them—in consequence of having lost lace we made a point of counting the number of pieces of lace, and marked them on the lid—I opened the first box, and counted it—I found eight pieces short, and in the second box three pieces—two pieces in the third box, seven in the fourth, and four in the last box, altogether twenty-four cards from the five boxes—I and Mr. Hope followed the prisoner out of the shop—she went round to the left-hand side of the window, about two yards from the door, and turned round—then Mr. Hope laid hold of her, and brought her into the warehouse—from there I took her into a private-room—I went for a female searcher—I was gone about two minutes—I left the prisoner in the middle of the room, with Hope and the policeman—on my return I found a quantity of lace on the floor—I said to the policeman, "There are twenty-four pieces," which was the number I missed, and there were twenty-four pieces, containing about 300 yards, worth 45l.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you count them before they were presented to the customer? A. No.





ROBERT HOPE
. I am one of the partners in the firm of Mr. William Edgar and Mr. Swan. I and Little took the prisoner into a private-room—I requested Little to go for a female searcher—while he was gone I saw the prisoner drop the lace on the carpet—she had a muff, and rested it on the table, she took her right hand out of her muff, and after some motion of her right hand, I saw the pieces of lace fall—Little came, and said there were twenty-four cards—I gave her into custody—she was searched at the station, and four pairs of gloves were found in her muff, and one pair out of a large pocket which she wore—

these are the gloves—I believe them to be ours—we have no private mark on them—Mr. Edgar lives in the house, which is in the parish of St. James's, Westminster.





WILLIAM JOHN GREGG
 (police-constable C 181.) I took the prisoner, and have the lace and gloves.





JAMES SIMMONS
 (police-constable C 118.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—she is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

