



797. 




WILLIAM SMITH
. was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Frederick Shemeld, on the 
10th of February, at 
St. James, Clerkenwell, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 17s.; 1 watch-guard) value 2s.; and 1 tooth-pick, value 1s.; the goods of 



Henry Roughton.






HENRY ROUGHTON
. I lodge in Clerkenwell-close; the house belongs to Frederick Schemeld; it is in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell. On the 10th of February I was at work in the shop, a little before four o'clock, and heard my wife scream for assistance—I went to her, and found her grappling with the prisoner—I took charge of him, and sent her back to see if she had lost any thing—she found she had lost this watch, guard-chain, and a tooth-pick—the policeman came over, add while he came the tooth-pick dropped from some part of the prisoner—I saw his left hand fall, I took hold of it, and took the watch and guard-chain from it—I do not know whether the outer door was shut or open.





SARAH ROUGHTON
. I was in the kitchen about four o'clock that day—I heard some one at the back parlour-door, in a few minutes I heard the door broken open—it had been shut and locked—I ran up stairs, and saw the prisoner walking out of the parlour—I collared him, and said he had got my watch—he did not answer me—I called for my husband, who came—I was gone back to the parlour when my husband took him—I had seen the watch safe about two o'clock—I am sure the back parlour-door was locked, I locked it myself—the policeman examined the door afterwards in my presence, and the lock was broken.





FREDERICK CHAPPELL
 (police-constable, G 221.) I saw Mr. Roughton struggling with the prisoner, I went up, and saw him take this watch and chain from him—I examined the parlour door, and found the box of the lock forced off.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been drinking very hard all day; I have no recollection of it; I have been working at Birmingham.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
