




4. 




WILLIAM LOCK
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of Sept., 2 penny pieces and 2 halfpence, the monies of 



John Gurney, his master; and





WILLIAM WEBBER



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.




JOHN GURNET
. I keep the Mackworth Arms, Commercial-road. Lock, was in my employ as barman, from the 15th of July, 1341, till he was taken' into custody—on the 26th of Sept., in consequence of mformatian, I applied to Argent, a policeman, and gave him thirty shillings) sixteen sixpences, thirty pence, and sixty halfpence, which he marked, and returned to me; and at twenty minutes to eight o'clock in the evening I deposited them in the different divisions of the till nearest to Lock, taking out all the other money—I remained at the bar about ten minutes, then left, and my housekeeper who was there, left also—every body concerned in business left, except one of my young men—I saw Pipe, who made an arrangement with me—I came back about eight, and found Webber in custody, and one penny piece and two halfpence found on him—I can positively swear to one of the halfpence as being one I had put into the till that night—Walker afterwards

returned with three penny pieces and a halfpenny—Webber was in the habit of coming to my bouse.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. you do a pretty large business? A. Yes—there were other tills which Lock could get to.





ALLEN PIPE
. I am a policeman. On the 26th of September, in consequence of suspicions, I was at Mr. Gurney's, in plain clothes—I went at twenty minutes to eight o'clock—Mr. Gurney and his housekeeper were then in the bar—he left in about ten minutes—Lock was in the bar near the beer-engine—as soon as Mr. Gurney left, I saw a man come in and go behind the beer-engine, which is quite at the further end of the bar—the engine was between him and Lock—I did not know that man—he asked for a pint of half-and-half, which Lock served—he did not pay him then—Lock served two other customers—the housekeeper then left the bar—the man drank part of the beer, and when the housekeeper left, he tendered a small piece of money, a fourpenny or sixpenny-piece (the half-and-half would be 2 1/2 d.) Lock took it, and said to him, "You should come in the morning, not come now, you see we are busy, they have only just left; come of a morning"—he then went to the first till near him, took out about 3d. in halfpence with his right band, and placed them in his left—he then dipped further back into the till, and took out two or three shillings—I saw shillings distinctly—he placed them on the top of the halfpence in his left hand, then took out more halfpence, and placed them over the shillings without counting them—he went and handed them over the engine to the man, turned round, and said, "All right"—the man then finished his half-and-half, and walked out, keeping the money in his hand—I went after him—he turned towards Whitechapel, and in passing along, seemed to be counting what was in his hand—he crossed over to Essex-street—I saw him again, and Webber there—they passed down Essex-street, within a few paces of each other—when I first saw Webber, he was walking in Essex-street, rather from Mr. Gurney's, on the opposite side—they met in Essex-street, and passed down—I was not near enough to hear them speak—I saw Walton at the corner of Essex-street—it was so dark there I could scarcely see where they went to—Walton followed them, and seized Webber, and took him to Gurney's—the other man escaped—I went back to Essex-street with a light in about ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour, and on looking about, picked up a halfpenny and a shilling—Webber had not been in the house while I was there—I assisted in taking Webber to the station—he said three or four time she had not been at Mr. Gurney's that day.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you placed? A. Near the engine, about two feet and a half from the till—I was not concealed, I was about three feet from the man who got change—the till was opposite me—I could see where the halfpence were, but not where the silver was—I saw the motion of his hand—I was ten or twelve yards from the man in the street, but at his side at the bar.

MR. BODKIN. Q. YOU stood where customers are? A. 2Yes—I saw Lock's hand move when he put it into the back part of the till, and before that among the halfpence.





JAMES WALTON
. I am a policeman. I was directed by Mr. Gurney to watch his premises on the 26th of September—I stood at the top of Essex-street, leading into the Commercial-road, in plain clothes—I saw a man come out of Gurney's house and go towards Whitechapel, he crossed over towards where I stood—I saw Webber come up to him, and join him—I had seen Webber before, walking backwards and forwards, between Essex-street and the Commercial-road, forty or fifty yards—he joined the man at the corner of Essex-street—they spoke to each other, and walked down Essex-street—I

followed, and seized Webber—he then threw his hands out away from him, and something fell, which sounded like money—the other man was gone in a moment—I brought Webber back to the house, searched him, and found one penny piece and two halfpence on him, which I produce—I went back to the spot, and found three penny pieces, a halfpenny, two keys, and a knife—he claimed the knife and keys—when I seized him I told him I wanted him for robbery—he said, "Oh, very well, I hare done no robbery."





JESSE TROWER
. I am a policeman. On the 26th of September, I was stationed in Essex-street, in plain clothes—Webber with another passed by where I stood—I saw something, which rattled like money, pass from one to the other, and at that time one said to the other, "That is all Bill gave me to-night"—I cannot say which said so—Walton came and seised Webber immediately, and I heard something rattle as if money fell on the stones—he was taken to Mr. Gurney's.

MR. GURNEY. I know this penny-piece and two halfpence—Webber was not at my house after I put the money into the till.

ARGENT. I am a policeman. I marked some money on the 26th of September—this is one of the halfpence I marked, and this penny-piece, and this other—they are what I handed over to Mr. Gurney—I was before the Magistrate when the prisoners made a statement—this is Mr. Henry, the Magistrate's, writing—(read)—" Lock says, The witness Pipe has sworn falsely in saying that I gave the man money; I have been imprisoned a month innocently; no man can say I was ever seen in the company of Webber; I have known him some time, by coming to Mr. Gurney's; I served him the Monday'night before we were taken."—Webber says, "I have nothing to say, only that all I ever had at Mr. Gurney's I paid for; I was not in Mr. Gurney's at the time of the robbery; I was in Mr. Gurney's five minutes before seven; I was very cold, and had been to Blackwall; all I had in the world was a fourpenny-piece, and I paid 2d.; when I had got down Essex-street about twenty yards, I went into a corner to make water, I had scarcely done that, and had my hands in my pockets, when Walton seized me, and in snatching my hands out, I must have pulled out the keys and knife; I did not know till after I was in Mr. Gurney's parlour that I had dropped the things; it was five minutes to eight, and not seven, that I was at Mr. Gurney's; I mean it was nearer eight than seven."

Lock's Defence, On the 26th of September last, as I was serving at the bar, a man named Emery, a law writer and cousin of Webber's, was employed by him to come to me to ask me for some money; this was the third time of my seeing this man that Webber represented to be his cousin; he tendered to me a sixpence, and I gave him in exchange 2s. in silver, and six pennyworth of halfpence; Webber was in the habit of coming about twice a-week, as he used to go to some other place, where I do not know, for the last four months. The first time I ever saw Webber it was at my brother's house; I believe that it was only twice I saw him there; one evening as my brother was there, he, Webber, came in; be waited some time after my brother was gone; what my brother had he always paid for. He (Webber) stated to me if I did not give him some money he would inform Mr. Gurney that I was robbing him; he called in several times before I gave him any thing, at last he said, I will do it for you to-morrow,' meaning he would inform Mr. Gurney; I said to him,' You are a lying false man to say what you have;' he said, 'It is all very well for you to say so;'—at last I consented to his wishes, foolishly, not knowing the character of the man as I do now, or I should have informed Mr. Gurney of it. The first time I gave money it was 1s., and at other times not so much; he would ever scarcely go away before I gave him some money; he has had on the average about 2s. or

3s. a-week; sometimes he did not come for a week or so; whatever I gave him he always kept himself, I never had a farthing of him; respecting my keeping it a secret on the part of my brother, was, Mr. Gurney had a very great objection to have any person to see you, as yon know, in business. Webber has said to me many times if some persons were in my situation they would have 1l. per day, and he said I was a fool that I did not, as I should be considered quite as much of by the Gurneys as if I did not take a farthing. I can make a declaration before the Almighty, that I have never taken one farthing from Mr. Gamey the whole time I was with him, for my own pocket, neither for any one else but Webber; by his own confession to me, he has not done any work for the last four years.",

LOCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—



Confined Three Months.

WEBBER—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years. It was subsequently deposed, that Webber had for some years past been inducing young persons employed at wine-vaults to engage in similar transactions, and afterwards threatened to accuse them if they did not continue to supply him with money from the tills,.
