



1395. 




JOHN THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 7l.10s.; 1 watch-key, 4s.; and 3 sixpences; the property of 



Dommett Finlayson, from his person.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






DOMMETT FINLAYSON
. I am a clerk in the National Debt-office, and live in Craven-street, Strand. On the 15th of April, about a quarter-past eleven o'clock at night, I was walking down the Strand towards Charing-cross, and

was accosted by two women, who entered into conversation with me—I had no conversation with them, besides telling them to go away—they continued walking with me till we got near Craig's-court; I then found one of their hands in my right-hand trowser' pocket—I felt for my watch, which was in my waistcoat pocket, and it was gone—I immediately seized her, and called out for the police—while I had hold of her she called out something, upon which, the prisoner came up in front of me, and threw his arms round mine—the woman then succeeded in getting away with my watch and 5s. or 6s., which, had been in my pocket—I struggled with the prisoner, and threw him on the pavement with some force—his head came on the curb-stone—a man in a brown coat then came up and knocked me down—I had a very severe fall; my elbow was very much hurt, and I was attended by a surgeon—a policeman then came up—the other man got away; the prisoner could not move, and was taken into custody—I have not seen my watch since.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. The man that threw you down came up with the prisoner? A. I do not know that he came up with him—the prisoner came up first, and the other after I had thrown the prisoner—it all occupied a very short time—I do not know what the woman called out—the prisoner's head was cut—we had a very severe struggle, but a short one.

COURT. Q. Did you notice your watch-ribbon? A. I did; it was cut. and the woman left a pair of scissors in my hand—my watch was secured round my neck by the ribbon, and cutting that would release the watch and key—I called "Police" when the prisoner came up.





JAMES BAILEY
 (police-constable A 170.) On the night of the 15th of April I was in front of Great Scotland-yard—a female came to roe and told me something—I went up immediately, and found the prisoner lying on the ground, and on seeing the prosecutor he gave the prisoner into custody—I have the scissors.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you have expressed an opinion of the prisoner's sobriety? A. He had been drinking—he was not drunk—I could smell his breath as I went with him to the station—he could walk, and he said next morning just what he had said the night before—he was senseless when I first saw him.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Years.

