




1043. 




MARY GREEN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 1s.; 4 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, 5 shillings, 3 sixpences, and 1 groat; the property of 



Josiah Godden, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOSIAH GOLDEN
. I live in Little Lore-lane, City. On the 20th of March, about a quarter past twelve at night, I was in St. Martin's-le-Grand—the prisoner came up to me, caught hold of my arm, and kept it for about twenty yards-another woman came and walked in front of us—the prisoner, in taking my purse out of my pocket, drew a penny with it, which dropped—that attracted ray attention—I felt and found my purse gone—I seized her hand, and found my purse in it—she would not give it up to me—I called a policeman, and he took it out of her hand—I had 4l. 11s. 10d. in it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. I suppose your purse was in your trowsers' pocket? A. Yes, on the right side—that was not the side nearest her, but when the other woman came in front of us the prisoner turned round, facing me, momentarily—I should say, she took my purse with her left hand—I did not feel it taken—we had very little talk—she requested me to take a walk with her—I made no answer—I thought to get rid of her by walking fast—I was going home—the other woman was only in front of us for two or three yards—she had a great cloak on, which completely hid the prisoner—I described that woman at the station—I do not know what became of her—my pocket was unbuttoned, and had been for half an hour—I did not feel her hand about me at all—I said to her, "You have got my purse, give it to me"—she said, "I have not," but I saw it in her hand—she attempted to reach it to the other woman, but I thrust her away and called the policeman.





ANGUS PAYNE
 (City police-constable, No. 280.) I was called by the prosecutor and found this purse in the prisoner's hand—it contained four sovereigns, two half-crowns, five shillings, three sixpences, and a fourpenny-piece—I took her to the station.





JOSIAH GODDEN

re-examined. This is my purse.





WILLIAM OAKLEY
 (City policeconstable, No. 272.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—I was a witness at the trial, and am sure she is the person referred to.

Cross-examined. Q. When was she tried? A. On the 12th or 17th of May—I think in the New Court, and before the Common Sergeant—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Ten Years.

