



2814. 




RICHARD LAMB
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Watts, after the hour of nine in the night of the 
11th of September, at 

Lambeth, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 thimble, value 1s. 6d.; 2 pencil cases, 1s. 6d.; 1 stud, 1s.; 1 pair of earrings, 4s.; 1 cornelian heart, 1s.; 2 brooches, 2s.; 1 ear-drop, 1s.; 2 hair bands, 2s.; 1 purse, 2s.; 1 neck-chain, 2s.; 1 pair of bracelets, 1s.; 3 other bracelets, 3s.; 1 buckle, 2s. 6d.; 1 bodkin, 6d.; 1 pen-knife, 6d.; 2 combs, 2s.; and 1 pair of scissors, 6d.; the goods of the said William Watts.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES HOLLOWAY
. I am clerk in the employ of Messrs. Sherwood, of Lambeth, and live in Belvidere-crescent, Lambeth—at half-past nine on Monday evening, the 1 lth of September, I came from Messrs. Sherwood's counting-house—in going across Belvidere-road I saw a light in Mr. Watts's house, which is opposite Mr. Sherwood's—I went down the road some distance and still observed the light—I went back, stood with my back towards the gate, and still saw the light—it moved down stairs—I crossed and knocked a gentle tap at the door—I was not certain whether Mrs. Watts was at home—as soon as I tapped I stepped back a pace or two and looked at the fan-light over the door—I saw the light immediately go out—there is a yard for building materials adjoining Mr. Watts's house—directly the light went out I heard the bolts of the back door drawn—I looked through the crevices of the

building-yard door, and it being very moonlight I saw a person get over a wall about six feet high, and slide down the building materials up against the wall separating the yard from Captain Watts's premises—the man then went in an angle across the yard, and climbed up the building materials—I ran round the premises in a direction which I expected he would come—he peeped down, saw me, and began to retrace his steps—several pieces of wood fell down with him—I could hear his footsteps at the other end of the wall in a direct angle across the yard—he jumped over the gate I had been peeping through, nearly into the centre of the road—I had then retraced my steps to the corner of the fencing, and saw him just descending into the road—I ran up and caught hold of him—I thrust him across the road into Mr. Sherwood's court-yard, which is well lighted, and called for assistance—he then struggled very violently, and I had his face full to the gas-light, not more than six feet from it—he at last succeeded in getting away from me—I had had him last by the arms, and was afraid he would strike me—his hat was knocked off, and he ran off—I followed him—when he arrived at some houses, called Kelham-place, sixty or seventy yards off, I distinctly saw him throw some things in the area of one of the houses, and heard them most distinctly against the wall—I was very near him, almost touching his coat—some other person joined in the pursuit—he went as far as Edward-street—he went down there into the York-road, and at the end there I lost sight of him—I could not run any farther, and called out "Stop thief"—a great many persons were in pursuit of him—I waited two or three minutes—I can swear that the man brought back to me by the policeman was the man I had seen before—it was the prisoner—I went to the house in Kelham-place—the lady was standing at the door—she went down into the area with a light—I stooped and saw her pick up something—she brought these things and delivered them to me—I gave them to the policeman—some other things were brought to me by some gentleman, which I gave to the same policeman—this thimble was afterwards picked up in the road—it was not brought to me—the middle of the Belvidere-road is about thirty or forty yards from Captain Watts's—the prisoner ran directly down the centre of the road, so if any thing had been found in the middle of the road, thirty or forty yards from the house, it would have been in the direction he took—he ran past the fence of Kelham-place—the fourth house down is No. 39—he threw the things there.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. You never saw him before? A. No—this was in the parish of Lambeth.





MARK WILLIAM GREEN
 (police-sergeant L 2.) On that night I received information, and went into Captain Watts's yard—there was a back door, which was open, leading into the yard; and between that and the timber yard there is a wall—I went into the house, and up stairs into the back bed-room, on the first floor—I found a number of things, consisting of bracelets, buckles, scissors, and other things, strewed on the bed—there was no one in the house—Mr. Sherwood went in with me—I afterwards went down stairs, and found a piece of candle lying on the boards in the passage; and some congreves on the back-kitchen table—I carefully examined the house—the front door was locked, and bolted top and bottom—there were no marks of violence outside the back-door—every one of the windows were fastened—I tried some skeleton keys which were found in Mr. Sherwood's yard, and some others produced by an officer, to the doors; and they did not appear to have been opened by them—access appeared to have been obtained through the front door, and then it was bolted afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose, as a matter of fact, you know no more than we do? A. No.






ELIZABETH JONES
. I am the wife of James Charles Jones, and live in Kelham-place. A gentleman came to me at half-past nine o'clock, on Monday night, and gave me directions to search the area—I found two parts of a ring and a small part of a garnet pin or ring—I gave them to Mr. Holloway—I had heard them thrown down three or four minutes before Mr. Holloway came.





JOHN FENN
 (police-constable L 154.) I took the prisoner about two or three hundred yards from Edward-street—I took him back to Mr. Holloway who said in the prisoner's presence, that he was the man—he was dressed as a person generally is in the street, but he had no hat on; that and his running fast caused my suspicion—Mr. Holloway found his hat—I received part of the property from Mr. Holloway that night, and part the next morning—I produce it.

Cross-examined. Q. How many other persons were running? A. I cannot tell, perhaps a dozen—I met Mr. Holloway in the York-road, as I was taking the prisoner back—I was in the middle of the road—Mr. Holloway said, as soon as I saw him, that the prisoner was the man.





GEORGE BEATTY
 (police-constable L 80.) I was on duty in Belvidere-road on this Monday night, about half-past nine o'clock, I found a thimble about thirty or forty yards from Mr. Watts, in the centre of the road—I received from Tudor a cornelian heart and a shirt stud, a few minutes after.





THOMAS TUDOR
. I am a commercial traveller, and live in Kelham-place. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and went to the door—I saw a number of persons running—I had a light brought, and searched opposite No. 39, close to the railings, I found a cornelian heart, and a boy standing by gave me a shirt stud.





JESSE RUTLAND
 (police-sergeant L 28.) On the Tuesday morning after this occurred, I was on duty in the Belvidere-road—I picked up two pencil-cases within four or five yards of Mr. Sherwood's timber yard, and close by Mr. Watts's.





MARY WATTS
. I am the wife of Captain William Watts, and live in Belvidere-road, in the parish of Lambeth. On Sunday morning of the 4th of Sept. I I left home about seven o'clock—I left no person in possession of the house—I left every place fastened—I went out at the street door, and double-locked it—the back door was bolted with three bolts and a latch—I am quite sure ofit—I returned on Thursday—I found every thing in the room disturbed—theboxes in the front bed-room were removed, and the clothes lifted out, as if theywere going to be packed up—the back room appeared to have been entered—the police had been there before us—we heard before we got there that the house had been entered—these things produced are all mine—I am quite sure of it.

Cross-examined. Q. How many rooms are there? A. Four, two up stairs and two down—a good many drawers appeared to have been opened—I it must have been the work of some time.





WILLIAM HENRY ELKIN
. I am a grocer, and live in Belvidere-road. On Monday night I was sitting in the back parlour at half-past nine o'clock—I went to the back yard, and I was called to go to the front—I saw a number of persons running at the other end of the street—I saw the prisoner taken into custody—I then searched my back yard—it is nearly a quarter of a mile from Mr. Watts's—I found a bag containing skeleton keys and a crow-bar—I cannot tell whether they had been in my yard before—I had not seen them—I gave them to Beatty—our yard extends to Edward-street, and the key were found about ten or twelve feet from Edward-street—any one could throw the keys from the street to my premises.






CHARLES HOLLOWAY

re-examined. I was with the policeman when he picked up these keys behind the timber, where the man fell down—Green pointed out the spot where the keys were found—that was the spot where the man came down.





JOSEPH GEORGE BATE
 (police-constable L 119.) I was on duty at half-past six o'clock on Tuesday morning—I found two bags containing skeleton-keys.





THOMAS KIRBY
. I live in Kelham-place. I was standing outside my house on Monday night—I saw Mr. Holloway pursuing the prisoner—I followed him, and saw him raise his hand at the turning out of Belvidere-road to Edward-street, near the wall which separates Mr. Elkin's yard from Edward-street—he had an opportunity of throwing anything away—I did not see anything drop from his hand—I saw the prisoner apprehended—I am sure he is the person Mr. Holloway was pursuing.




GUILTY
of Housebreaking.
 Aged 23.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

