



1178. 




JOHN MAYOW
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of March, 1 purse, value 2s. 6d.; 3 sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 3 shillings, 3 sixpences, and 1 groat; the property of 



Jeremiah Weldon, from the person of 



Elizabeth Weldon.






ELIZABETH WELDON
. I am the wife of Jeremiah Weldon, and live in Bath-place, Dalston. On the 29th of March I went to Hackney church with my two daughters—I saw three men, one of whom was the prisoner, come down from the gallery—they pushed against me in the body of the church and by the vestry—they were not passing out with the congregation—they came down and met me—I felt a touch at my pocket—I looked about, and saw the prisoner and another—I did not say any thing at that time, but looked at him—I felt another pressure—the prisoner and two others were then near me—we went on to the church gate, and there I felt some one touching my pocket—I turned, and saw the prisoner—I said, "What are you doing?"—he said, "I beg your pardon,'—I turned to my husband, and said, "This man has got his hand in my pocket"—he said, "If you say that, I will stop him"—I felt, and my parse was gone—it contained three sovereigns, some half-crowns, some shillings, and some sixpences—my husband went up to the prisoner, and took him to the station-house—in going along he said, "Pardon me, and I will give you money, any thing I have"—he offered me both gold and silver—he said,

"I will give you all I have," and his manner was very pressing—this is my purse—(looking at it.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is there any thing particular about the purse? A. I know the rings and the ornaments at the bottom, and my daughter netted it—she is not here—I have had it more than a year in daily use—I swear it is mine—the three men came down a door opposite me, and came out with me—I went out at the middle door as they did—I passed down the path, and missed my purse at the gate—as soon as I said to my husband, "That man had his hand in my pocket," the prisoner walked off ahead he appeared agitated—he said it was a mistake, it was not him—my husband then took him towards the station-house—I said to him, in going, "You have got my purse, why not give it up?"—he said he would if he had it—he said, "Take this money; if I had a 20l. note I would give it you sooner than be disgraced; I am innocent."





CATHERINE WELDON
. I reside with my mother. I was at church on this occasion—I saw some men come from under the gallery, but I did not notice the prisoner as one of them—I heard my mother say to the prisoner, "What are you doing?"—he begged her pardon—her pocket was open, as if a hand bad been in it—she felt, and her purse was gone—the prisoner had a cloak on at first—after he had gone away I saw him take the cloak off—I heard him say, "I am charged with stealing a lady's watch."

Cross-examined. Q. There were a considerable number of persons coming out? A. Yes—I was close behind my mother—there was only the prisoner between me and her—I have often seen the purse—this is it—(looking at it.)





LIEUT. BARTHON GEORGE WALTERHOUSE
. I was coming out of church, and saw the prisoner, or a person very much like him, before me, put his foot very determinately on the ground, as if to secure something—he did not stoop to pick it up—I let the parties pass on, and kept my eyes on the spot—I went and picked up this purse, which was covered with, dust—I turned back and gave it to the Rev. Mr. Birch, the minister.

JURY. Q. Did the prisoner drop it? A. I cannot say.

Cross-examined. Q. You at first said he had a blue cloak? A. Yes, but it turned out it was a dark-coloured cloak—my eyes were on the prisoner—I cannot say whether Mrs. Weldon was between me and him—I do not think she was—I think he must have been to the left of Mrs. Weldon—he appeared on the left of all the party coming out.





BENJAMIN PRITCHARD
. I am a police-inspector. I took the prisoner, and found 1l. 4s. 6d. on him—he said he was totally innocent, that he came from Clapham in Surrey, and was going to Cambridge—I asked how he came to be going there on Sunday, and having no bundle—he said he should chance it—he made several observations, and seemed to be almost fainting—I asked if he wished to write to his friends—he said he did not—this purse was brought me by order of the churchwarden—the money stated exactly corresponds with that in the purse—he said he was innocent, and begged pardon several times.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you first took him for the lady's son? A. Yes—in the same breath that he asked for pardon, he said he was innocent.

MRS. WELDON
re-examined. I distinctly felt some person pressing upon me at the church doors—I turned round, and saw the prisoner close

pressing on me at the same side as my pocket—I then missed my purse—my two daughters were close behind me—the prisoner was close to me.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
