




902. 




WILLIAM WRIGHT
 and 




JOHN ROSE



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Mary Wicks, at 
St. Marylebone, and stealing 57 eigars, and 57 cheroots, value 19s.; half-sovereigns, 11 sixpences, 57 halfpence, 2 counterfeit shilling, and 8 farthings; her property.







MARY WICKS.
 I am a widow, and keep the Dover Castle, Weymouthmews, in the parish of St. Marylebone—it is my dwelling-house—the prisoners used to come there for the last month. On Saturday, Jan 29th, Wright was there nearly all day—I missed him about ten o'clock in the evening—next morning I opened the bar with a key—it opened very easily, as if the lock had been tried—it appeared to be locked—I found the window open, which had been shut the night before, and the till wide open—I was the last person in the room the night before, and the first in the morning—I missed 3s. 4d. in copper, and 10s. in sixpences and 4d. pieces, from the till, and two half-sovereigns, and 1l. in silver, from a desk in the same room, which had been shut, but not locked, there were two counterfeit shillings there, separate from anything else—I saw them there at twelve the night before—two boxes if cigars and cheroots were emptied—there is a tailor's stall in the back yard, by getting over the roof of which, you can get into a mews, and then into the street—I am sure the bar-window was closed, but not fastened—the tailor's shop had a padlock upon the door, and I considered it was fast—it belongs to my premises, but was unoccupied—I found the padlock taken off.





ROBERT BURGESS.
 I am in Mrs. Wicks' service. On Saturday night I fastened the outer doors at five minutes to twelve o'clock—I came down next morning, between seven and eight, and found them shut, but not bolted—I did not go into the bar.





WILLIAM GLIDE
 (policeman, D 155.) On 30th Jan., between three and four o'clock in the morning, I was with sergeant Martin, at the corner of Prince's-street, Cavendish-square, and saw the prisoners—Wright was smoking a cigar, and had his hand in his pocket—they went up the right side of the square, to Mortimer-street—I went up Market-street, into Regent-street, saw them cross Langham-street, and laid hold of Wright—the other one said he would be d—d if he stopped—another constable ran after him—he was stopped—Wright said he would be d—d if anybody would be able to walk the streets shortly—I took him to the station, searched him, and found two half-sovereigns, 18s., two counterfeit shillings, eleven sixpences, ten 4l. pieces, eight farthings, fifty-seven halfpence, and fifty-seven cigars (produced) he had not been anywhere between my taking him and searching him.

MRS. WICKS
re-examined. I cannot swear to the cigars—here is the same quantity, as near as I can guess, I should say this is the counterfeit money.





JAMES MARTIN
 (police-sergeant D 2.) On Sunday morning, 30th Jan., between three and four o'clock, I was with Glide—the prisoners passed us in Princes-street, about half a mile from Mrs. Wicks'—one of them ran away—I ran after him—Browning caught him—I examined the premises—I found a padlock had been taken off the tailor's shop—any one could get in, and by getting over the roof they could easily get into the yard—the roof slants down to the window-ledge—they could then easily raise the window up, and get into the bar—I saw several foot-marks on the window-ledge and roof.





ROBERT BROWNING
 (policeman D 31.) I was in Regent-street, between three and four o'clock—I went with Glide, caught Rose in Union-mews, and took him to the station.





WILLIAM KING
 (policeman.) After the prisoners were taken, I found these fifty-nine cheroots in Union-mews (produced.)

Wright's Defence. I left Mrs. Wicks, and went to a coffee-shop in the Haymarket, where I met Rose; we went out fot a walk, and were taken in charge.

Rose's Defence. I never saw Wright from Friday night till he came into

the coffee-shop, between twelve and one on Monday morning; we then went for a walk.

WRIGHT—


GUILTY. Aged 20.

ROSE—


GUILTY. Aged 23.





Transported for Seven Years.

