



1972. 




ELLEN REGAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of June, 1 coat, value 1l.; 3 pairs of trowsers, 1l. 10s.; 1 jacket, 10s.; 4 shirts, 10s.; 4 sheets, 1l.; and 1 pair of shoes, 5s.; the goods of 



Edmond Pennington; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






EDMOND PENNINGTON
. I live in King-street, Kensington, and am a tailor. On the 30th of May I missed the articles stated, from my room—the prisoner was in the habit of visiting me—when I leave my room I put my key into a knife-box which hangs outside the door—sometimes under the mat, and sometimes in another place—when I left it on that day, at six o'clock in the morning, it was in the knife-box—I came home at twelve—when I returned I had some suspicions, and went after the prisoner, and found her in John-street, St. Marylebone—two days after, I went into the prisoner's room—I told her a sister of hers had come from Liverpool, and if she would come to Kensington, she would see her at my room—the prisoner said she did not think her sister was there—I said she was—she said again she did not think she was, that she knew what brought me there, that she took the things, or stole them, I cannot say which, and burnt the duplicates—she took 31s. 6d. from her pocket, and said it was part of the produce of my property—most of my things had been in the drawers, which were not locked.





CHARLES REEVES
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker. On the 30th of May the prisoner pawned this coat, three pairs of trowsers, three waistcoats, four shirts, three sheets, and a pair of shoes, for 2l. 14s.—I am sure it was her.





HENRY MOUNT
 (police-constable T 126.) On the 1st of June the prisoner was given into my charge—the prosecutor brought this money, and stated how he got it.

Prisoner's Defence. He found me in Little Park-lane; I was not dressed; he told me to put my things on, and that my sister had come from Liverpool; he sent for drink, and then said, "I have been robbed, if you will tell me what you have done with the things, I will not hurt a hair of your head;" and he being my sister's husband, I thought he would not; I went and told him where the things were.





JOHN BARTON
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace of Westminster—(read)—the prisoner is the person. Prisoner. Q. Can you take your oath of that? A. Yes, I have done it.


Prisoner. I know you do not mind taking a false oath, and you have taken one now.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.

