



101. 




CHARLES JAMES
 was again indicted

 for stealing 3 pocket-books, books, value 10s. 6d.; 60 pencils, 15s.; 7 newspapers, 3s.; 1 pencilcase, 7s.; 5 blottingcases, 6s.; 6 packets of wafers, 3s.; 2 quires of paper, 8d.; and 100 envelopes, 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Charles William Durnford.






CHARLES WILLIAM DURNFORD
. I live in High-street, Nottinghill. In Aug. last a person came to me representing himself as servant to a gentleman who had just come from Southampton, and taken a large house at Nottinghill—he wanted me to supply him with certain articles, and be took some—he came again and wanted some more—I said, "I don't know your master; I don't choose to trust you with more things, for I have been robbed."On the Saturday following (the 31st of Aug.) I saw the prisoner at No. 16, Ladbrookterrace—I met him as a gentleman—I took a number of pocket-books, and he selected some for a young lady who was going to boardingschool—I wished for payment, and he said, "Oh, you can leave them till Monday and I will select from them "—I left three till

Monday for him to select, and he told me to bring the bill for the other I articles he had had in the week, and on the Monday morning he would select what he wished to keep—I went on the Sunday morning and left sixty pencils for him to select from, for a young lady going to boardingschool. On the Monday morning I was making out some of my bills, and some neighbours came in and said something—I went down and found the house was empty—the pencils and pocket-books were gone—I had not sold them.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you make out an invoice to this man? A. No, I had made no bill for the prisoner—I do not consider that he bought these things—he was to let me know if he would have them—this is one of the pocket-books—here is my handwriting in it—this is another pocket-book of mine—I am not quite sure that he had not a bill on the Sunday morning—I rather think the pencils were included in the bill sent in on Sunday morning—I cannot tell whether they were or not.





GEORGE HANSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Smith, a pawnbroker, in Hoxton—I took in these pocket-books of the prisoner on the 7th of Oct.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I know the prisoner. I have been to Southampton, and cannot find that he ever lived there—I found him at Hoxton—he lives in a shop where they sell pies and baked potatoes—I said I must have the duplicates—he looked at his wife and said, "You had better give them to him, my dear "—and she gave me a great many duplicates.





ROBERT COLE
 (police-constable G 193.) I was with Sergeant Brannan—I found nearly 100 invoices at the shop, extending over some years.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any invoice that is receipted? A. Yes, here is one—I have no invoice of the articles in this indictment.




GUILTY
. Aged 24."





JAMES BRANNAN
. I have known the prisoner four or five years—he is associated with a gang of swindlers, part of whom were convicted here to-day and yesterday—he has kept that pie shop about ten days or a fortnight—I could have produced thirty cases of a similar nature—he has been down to Gravesend and "victimized"the whole town almost, and even at Romford he has wronged the minister of the parish.




Transported for Seven Years longer
.
