





1340. 



JOHANNAH BURNS
 and 



ELIZABETH BROWN
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 brooch, value 2l. 10s.; part of a brooch, 1l. 10s. 1 dwt. of gold, 2s.; and 6 stones, 1l.; the goods of 



George Jeffreyson, from his person; and that Burns had been previously convicted of felony.






GEORGE JEFFREYSON
. I live in Druid's-place, Peck ham-rye. On the 22nd of March, at three o'clock in the afternoon, I was at the Duke's Head in the Mint—I went into the parlour in hopes to see a son of mine—I had a glass of ale—the prisoners came in—I had never seen them before—they followed me out—I went to see a person in the Excise-office—one of them followed me very closely—I looked back, and she asked me if I would give her 1d., which I did to get rid of her—Burns came up and asked me for another—I refused—she said, "I will take this," and made a dart at my brooch, and took it, the pin of it was left in my shirt—Brown addressed me—I said, "Will you resign what you have taken?"—Burns threw it down, and a third came up and carried it off—I called, "Stop thief," which caused them to be apprehended—there were more than twenty people about me.





JOHN DIPPLE
, of Nicholas-row, Bethnalgreen. I was at the factory-door at No. 17, Mint-street—I saw three girls rustling this old gentleman—Burns rushed into him, and took the brooch out of his breast, gave it to the other, and all three ran away together.

Burns. You said at first, that Brown took the brooch, and after this you said it was another female; the Magistrate said, "Are not you ashamed of yourself?" and you said you did not know which took it Witness. Brown picked it up, and all three ran down Kent-street together—the third one put it down her bosom.

COURT. Q. Is this your mark? A. Yet—I made it before it was read over to me—(deposition read)—"I looked out at the street-door about half-past three o'clock, and saw the prisoners and another female; Burns snatched the brooch from the prosecutor, dropped if, picked it up, and gate it to the female."





GEORGE BROOKS
, of Broker's-row. High-street, Lambeth. I noticed the disturbance—I saw the girl strike the old gentleman—Burns took the brooch out of his breast—Brown picked it up, and gave it to the other one—I followed them down King-street—they offered me 6d. if I would not tell—I told a policeman—I have always given the same account—(deposition read)—"I saw the two prisoners struggling with the prosecutor—Burns took the brooch, chucked it towards the one not here, who picked it up, and ran down Kent-street."





HENRY ASSITER
 (police-constable M 30.) I found the prisoner Burns in the privy of a house in the neighbourhood, and Brown outside the door—no brooch was found—the prosecutor was quite sober—he had been drinking a little.

Burns. You said you took me out of the privy and you took me out of the passage. Witness. Burns was sitting on the privy—Brooks said, "That is one of them "—I said, "I shan't take you now, I know where to find you if I want you "—I found the prosecutor—he said he would give them both in charge—I took Burns—I saw Brown sitting at the door of a public-house, and locked her up.

Burns's Defence. I never saw the man; I was in Kent-street, Borough: two boys came into the house, and said I was the woman. They took me about five yards, and let me go, by St. George's-church. I went into the George, and while there he took me into custody; he dragged me more like a dog than a female; I did not have a bit of gown on my back.





GEORGE JEFFREYSON

re-examined. I am certain she is the same girl—she craved charity—I was perfectly sober—I was very much insulted.


Brown's Defence. I was sitting on the step of a door, and the policeman took me—I had just left my father's house.





JOHN CHANNELL
 (police-constable M 74.) I produce a certificate of Burns's former conviction from the clerk of the peace for Surrey—(read)—I was present at the trial—she was the person tried and convicted.

BURNS—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


BROWN—


NOT GUILTY
.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

