



1913. 




JEREMIAH MORIARTY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of July, 1 pair of boots, value 14s.; the goods of 



Charles Grimwood; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ANN GRIMWOOD
. I am the wife of Charles Grimwood, and live in White Bear-yard, Drury-lane. The prisoner came to my house on the 4th of July—he said he wanted a pair of boots of one of my lodgers—the young man not being at home, I refused to let him go into the lodging—he then requested to purchase a pair of boots of me—he tried on several, and decided on one pair, which came to 14s.—he took them away, saying his father would pay for them—I expected his father would pay—he told me, if I went with him, his father would pay me—I went, and on arriving at his father's house in Bennett's-court, Drury-lane, he went up stairs into a room on the first-floor, which was not his father's room, and slammed the door—he then came out, passed me, and said, "If you go into my father's room he will pay you"—I went into that room, but his father did not live there—there were two lads and a girl there—he absconded altogether, with the boots on his person.





TIMOTHY MORIARTY
. I am the prisoner's father. I did not authorize him to go for these boots—I knew nothing about it—the woman came on the Sunday to me, and asked if I would pay the money for these boots, which I would not.





JAMES CASSIN
. I know the prisoner by his coming to my father's room, in Bennett's-court, Drury-lane, where his father lodges—on Sunday afternoon he asked me to buy a pair of boots of him for 11s.—I would not.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought them of her for 11s., and was to pay 7s., and the rest on Saturday; I offered her 7s., and she would not take it.





ANN GRIMWOOD

re-examined. Q. Did be offer you 7s.? A. No.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-sergeant F 5.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Sessions-house at Westminster—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
