




402. 




JAMES KING
 and 




JAMES WHITE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of Dec, 1 needle-case, value 4d.; 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the property of 



Wellington James Steele, from the person of 



Martha Steele; and that King had been before convicted of felony.


MR. SIMON
conducted the Protecution.






MARTHA STEELE
. I am the wife of Wellington James Steele—I was at the Surrey Theatre on the evening of the 26th of Dec.; and between nine and ten o'clock I went into a public-house adjoining the theatre, which is called the Surrey Coal Hole—I had in my poc et a needle-case, with 5s. 6d. in it—amongst which was a half-crown—I had felt in my pocket a few minutes before, and found the needle-case there safe—I did not take notice who was there—the waiter told me something—I searched my pocket, and my needle-case was gone—I have not seen it since—it was about as long as my finger—a clenched hand would inclose it entirely.





JOHN CLEMENTSON
. I am waiter at the Surrey Coal Hole. On the evening of the 26th of Dec. Mrs. Steele came into our house—there were several persons in front of the bar—the two prisoners were there together—I

know them by seeing them there before, but I did Dot know their names—they were drinking a glass of grog—I saw King walk towards the door where Mrs. Steele was—he stood a few minutes, and put his hand into her pocket—he drew his hand out clenched, and put it into his own trowsers' pocket—I tried to collar him, and in doing so White took me by the collar unawares, and pulled me away—they both ran away—I am quite certain these are the parties.





JAMES CUDDY
 (police-constable L 20.) I took King into custody on the 2nd of Jan.—he denied the charge.





WILLIAM RONAYNE
 (police-constable L 38.) I took White into custody at the Prince of Wales, in the London-road—King was with him when I took him.





GEORGE SAUL
 (police-constable R 41.) I produce a certificate of King's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted on the 31st of Jan., 5th Vict., of larceny from the person)—the prisoner is the man—he had six months.

KING—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.

