



1108. 




THOMAS COXALL
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of March, 112lbs. weight of coals, value 1s. 5d., the goods of 




Richard Lebas; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






RICHARD LEBAS
. I am a coal-merchant, and live at Uxbridge. I have a heap of Derbyshire coal—on the 5th of March I missed some large lumps from my heap—some were afterwards produced to me which exactly corresponded with the coals on the heap, and fitted the vacant space—it had been a very sharp frost that morning, and the surface of the coal was covered with hoar frost—the pieces shown to me retained the white frost, and the vacant space where they were taken from was without it, which shows they had been very recently taken.





JAMES THORN
 (police-constable T 48.) On Sunday, the 5th of March, about five o'clock in the morning, I was going round by Mr. Lebas' wharf, and saw the prisoner on the top of the wall, with a piece of coal in his arms—on seeing me he laid the coal down on the wall, and ran away—I did not lose sight of him till I got nearly close to him—I then saw it was the prisoner—I had known him before very well—about a quarter of an hour after I went to the house where he lodged, about 300 yards from the prosecutor's, and found

him drying his shoes on the hearth before the fire—there were some of the same sort of coals on the floor—the coal-hole was searched, and two large pieces of the same sort of coal found—one piece was covered with white frost—I have seen the lumps of coal compared with the heap, and they corresponded—the rest of the heap was covered with frost, except where the gap was.

Prisoner. When he came to the house it was about ten minutes to six o'clock. He says I was drying my boots, and it was a dry, frosty morning; he said he thought I was the man. Witness. It was about half-past five, or twenty minutes to six o'clock, not later—I am quite certain he is the man—I was within four or five yards of him—I did not say, I thought he was the man—it was just getting light, and there was a lamp opposite the wall, when I saw him on it.





JOHN SCOTNEY
 (police-constable T 180.) I went to the prisoner's lodging with Thorn, about twenty minutes past five o'clock, and saw him drying his shoes by the fire—I searched underneath the stairs, and noticed some frost on a piece of coal—I saw the coal compared with that at Mr. Lebas' wharf—it appeared to, be the same, and was exactly in the same state, with the frost on it.

Prisoner. I was not out at all that morning. There are two more lodgers in the house besides me, and they have the run of the house. Witness. I saw no other lodgers up—I saw no person up besides him and a woman—I went into no other room—I do not know whether there was any other person in the house—the woman was in the same room with him—there is only one room on a floor—I think the house is two stories high—I did not go up stairs.





JAMES THORN

re-examined. I fell over a fence, getting into a garden—when I got nearly close to him I knew him well, and did not hurry myself after I recognised him.





RICHARD ROADNIGHT
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at his trial, in Jan., 1842, at this Court, and know him to be the same person—(read.)




GUILTY
. **Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

