



1691. 




WILLIAM TYLER
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving 16 spoons, value 21. 3s.; 18 forks, 1l. 1s.; 1 pair of snuffers and tray, 1l. and 6 knives, 3s. 6d.; the goods of 



George Cottam and another, well knowing them to have been stolen.



MR. BALDWIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN ARCHER
 (police-sergeant G) I know the prisoner—he has lately been residing at No. 70, Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell, and kept a marine store-shop—on the 26th of July, when I went to apprehend him, the house was completely deserted—I produce some goods which I received from Pocock—here are spoons, forks, and snuffers, and some knives, which I got from Clark.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 I live in Cow Cross-street. I have bought goods of the prisoner—I bought a dozen of forks and these spoons and these four salt-spoons of him in May and June—he keeps a shop—I went to his place to purchase some ironmongery and he offered me these—he did not say where he got these—I had some of him before, which he said he got from Birmingham—these articles were done up in separate papers just as they are now—I gave 12. for the forks, 11. for the spoons, and I think 3s. for the salt-spoons—I gave them in this state to Archer.

Prisoner. Q. you have bought many things of me. and I have been in Birmingham buying goods? A. I do not know that—I have seen other parties at his place—his shop is a kind of general dealer's—there is ironmongery on one side and prints and various articles on the other—I have gone there to buy tools—it did not strike me as rather curious that he should have these things for sale—I believe the salt-spoons were in glasses, the others on the shelf behind.





WILLIAM ROFFEY
. I am foreman to Mr. Attenborough, a pawnbroker, of Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square. The prisoner came to our shop, and I purchased of him twelve dessert forks, for 1l.; and twelve tea-spoons, for 18. 6d.—I have them here—they are"electro-plated—I think I bought the spoons on the 21st of July, and the forks on the 23rd—that was a full price for them.





MARY PARKER
. I am-the wife of James Parker—we live in Turnmill-street. The prisoner did live next door, and kept a marine store-shop—I remember Heath being taken up, and committed for trial—he used to come to my house to have some ale—I have seen the prisoner in company with him in my bouse, sometimes two or three times a week, generally in the evening—sometimes Heath has waited till the prisoner came, and they have had some ale together—about six weeks ago I missed the prisoner, and his house was shut up—his house was closed before Heath was taken—I bought half-a-dozen knives and forks of the prisoner—I gave him 5. 6d. for them—it was within the last two or three months.

Prisoner. It was 6s. 6d. you gave for them, and I gave the traveller 6s. for them.





HENRY ROOKES
. I am a carpenter, and live at No. 7, Bell-court, Gray's Inn-lane. I have known the prisoner from about the 1st of June—I knew Heath by the name of Fisher—I saw him with the prisoner about the 23rd or 24th of June—they met, and went down Hanway-street together—Heath pulled a parcel from under his apron, and gave it to the prisoner—a little while afterwards the prisoner showed it to me—it contained two ladles, eight or ten inches long—they were quite new, and wrapped in tissue paper—he told me he had purchased them of Fisher, a traveller from Sheffield—I have been with the prisoner to Oxford-street on several occasions—I have waited at the corner of Rathbone-place, and at other times I have followed him, and on several occasions after he has parted from Heath he has shown me things that he said he bought from Fisher—one time there were eleven plated forks, and he made a remark that Fisher had made a mistake, and only given him eleven in the room of twelve, and he said hu would have another

one—another day he received a pair of asparagus tongs, and a fork which was smaller than the other eleven, and it was plain—at other times he had a dozen knives and forks, a dozen large spoons, one or two dozen tea-spoons, two snuffer-trays, and two pairs of snuffers—I saw them in his possession—he told me he got them from Fisher, the traveller.

COURT. Q. How came you to be with him? A. I was oat of work, and he used to tell me that Heath was a traveller—I believe Heath never saw me but once or twice—the prisoner used to ask me to take a walk with him—I never saw him pay Heath anything.

Prisoner. you never saw me receive anything from Fisher in your life; you lodged seven weeks in my house, and never paid me a farthing; it is not likely I should take a third person with me.

Witness. I did not lodge at his house—I never slept in it while he was there—I slept there after he left it—I never went to a house in Northampton-square where you was at work, and asked for a saw in your name, and a glue-kettle, and say you sent for them—I never asked a person to show me your account-book—I came from abroad in 1840—I did not go from Worcester gaol in 1838—I never was in any gaol in my life—I never stole a book of yours, and pawned it to get something I wanted—he eloped from his wife, and left her to the mercy of the world, without a farthing—what he did not take the bailiffs did, and the house was ready to fall down—he sent for me to take possession of his house, that the landlord should not have it under twenty-one days—I went, and his wife and child lodged with me and my wife—I never was charged with any robbery—I was in the East India Company's employ from 1834.

Prisoner. Several weeks previous to my having the brokers in I left this witness with my wife, and when I came home one Saturday night he and my wife had sold everything.

COURT. Q. Did the prisoner wait for Heath 1A. Yes—he used to wait for him coming from his meals, from one o'clock till half-past one, and from five till half-past five.





ROBERT TUCKER
. I have been in the service of Messrs. Cottam and Allen as porter for ten years—I have the care of all their stock in the Oxford-streetdepartment. Heath was in their employ—he came on the 25th of May, and left on the 25th of July—the day after he was gone we took stock, and missed spoons, knives, forks, and other articles—these spoons, and other articles produced, are part of my employers' stock—these knives have my masters' name on them—our plated goods are wrapped up in paper of this description I—these knives had never been sold—the bulk of the stock had never been broken—if these came out of my masters' stock I can speak positively that they have not been sold—these forks are worth about 185. a dozen; the tea-spoons, about 16s. a dozen; the knives and forks, 1s. the half-dozen; and the plated forks, 20. a dozen.

Prisoner. Q. Are you in the habit of selling these goods wholesale to Itravellers? A. No.

Prisoner. I bought them of a traveller.





THOMAS CARROLL
 (police-constable G 72.) I apprehended the prisoner on the 4th of Aug. at Woolwich—I told him it was for receiving property, knowing it to have been stolen—he said he had bought things, but with an honest intention—he asked if I was going to take him to London—I said, "Yes—he said he would not walk—I said, "Well, you can ride"—he said, "I will go with you; I am resigned to everything"—he had no hat or coat on-' asked him where they were—he said that was his business, not mine; should not tell me


Prisoner. The reason was, they were in the bold of a vessel, where I had been taking an engine to pieces.





MATTHEW HEATH
 (a prisoner, see page 577.) I was in the service of Messrs. Cottam and Allen—I was taken by the officer a month ago last Saturday, as I was just coming out of the shop—I think I had been two months in their employ—the principal part of this property the prisoner bought of me—he knew who I was—I bought some things of him—I told him I could not afford to pay for them—I was then working for Rippon and Burton—tbe prisoner told me if I could get him anything, as he did business in that way, it would make it light for me—I had bought a carpet, and some things of him, and I got him some things—I left Mr. Burton's employ, and got to Cottam and Allen's, and then he used to come to me—I used to avoid him, by going different ways home—there was scarcely a day when I got home to dinner but he came—he used to meet me in Oxford-street, about dinner-time, between one and two o'clock, and sometimes in the evening; and if I had not got things, he told me he had got an order, and said he would pay me, but it was seldom he paid me one quarter of the value—he knew I was in the employ of Cottam and Allen, and I told him I would have no more to do with him, as I was sure it would be found out—I stole these things, and he had them of me.

Prisoner. He purchased some things of me, and said he had got some things hy him; if I liked, I might have them instead of the money. Witness. you asked me where I worked, and I told you; you knew well where I was; my wife was present when you used to come to my house daily; you used to come three or four times a day; I tried to avoid you.

MR. BALDWIN. Q. Did you go by. the name of Fisher? A. No.

Prisoner. Q. When I called on you, it was for the payment of the goods you had 1A. No, it was to get these things of me, and you never paid one quarter of the value for them.





JANE HEATH
. I am the wife of Matthew Heat—we lived in Black Horse-yard—I knew the prisoner quite well—I saw him at our house two or three times a-day, at my husband's meal-times—he called my husband by the name of Heath—I never heard any other name.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see any dealings with us? A. No, you always said you came for the money for the goods, my husband has paid yoa one Saturday night.

Prisoner's Defence. I never came with any intention of meeting him; when I have met him we have gone and had a glass of ale; I did not know he was in the employ of these people, no more than getting them goods from Birmingham; I took these things in exchange, and I allowed him for them in the things he had of me; I have been in the habit of receiving goods from Birmingham for the last six or seven years; I went to Oxford-street becaose I was at work there; Mr. Penny has known me the last six years, and I have not been accused of anything wrong.





WILLIAM PENNY
 (police-inspector.) I have known you well—I have appointed a sergeant and another man to watch his house day and night—he was brought into my custody once—he has had a wretched character, and I am very glad to lose him.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

