






525. 




HENRY SAMUEL CHESTER,



 THOMAS ARMENT
, and 




THOMAS ARMENT, the younger
, were again indicted for

 stealing 90 yards of damask, value 18l.; the goods of 



Thomas Charles Druce and another, the masters of Chester.— 2d COUNT, charging Thomas Arment and Thomas Arment, the younger, with receiving the same; to which

CHESTER pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM WATKINS FRAY
. I am in the employ of Thomas Charles Druce and another. This buff and crimson damask belongs to them; it was not sold—I missed the exact quantity which has been found—this is a piece which was a cover of a chair which I believe to be the same—I saw this in our stock on 1st Sept.—young Arment was taken about the middle of Dec.—when I came to look for this I found it was gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. From whom did you get it? A. From Messrs. Holdsworth; they are large manufacturers—I have no mark on this—I know it because I have another piece of the same pattern—this other piece of damask has no mark on it—I bought this of M'Crie and Ball; they are large manufacturers—the whole of this piece was thirty, and here are twenty-nine yards.





HINRT HOLDSWORTH
. I am the agent to Messrs. Hoidsworths' manufactory, at Halifax. This buff and crimson damask is our manufacture—there were only five pieces made of this pattern and colour, and Messrs. Druce had them all.





GEORGE SPENCER WALL
. I know the two Arments—I believe they live in the Tenter-ground—I have been to their house—I do not know that they live together—I saw this yellow damask once at the police-office—this buff and crimson damask I have seen before; the elder Arment gave it me to sell, I think, in Oct—I went to Mr. Jackson's, and to several places—I showed it to Mr. Jackson, but did not sell it to him—I took it back, and delivered it to old Mr. Arment—this crimson damask the elder Arment gave me to sell—I sold twenty or twenty-one yards, at 1s. 7d. a yard, to Mr. Jackson—I paid the money to the elder Arment—it was between 1l. and 2l., deducting nay own commission, 2d. a yard.





JOSEPH JACKSON
. I keep a shop, in High-street, Shoreditch. I purchased this crimson damask of Wall—I believe I paid him 1s. 7d. a yard—he afterwards brought the crimson silk damask that I spoke of before, and I believe he brought this buff and crimson one together with it, if I saw this one before Wall showed it me.

COURT. Q. What is the value of that you bought at 1s. 7d.? A. I suppose 2s. 6d., or 2s. 9d., in the whole piece—I objected to the other, as it was a large pattern, and this was small.

Cross-examined. Q. Was 1s. 7d. a price you would give for a remnant? A. I could not give more—I should not consider it worth more.





ROBERT CARTER
. I am a wholesale-upholsterer, and live in the Minories. I bought this crimson and buff damask of the younger Arment, about the middle of Nov., at 1s. 9d. a yard—there were thirty yards of it—I asked him where he got it—he said in exchange for packing-mats, which are mats used for packing upholstery goods—I paid him two guineas and a half for this altogether—this is a damaged piece—if it were perfect it would be worth 84s. or 85s. a piece—this was damaged in the dye, and from lying in an upholsterer's shop—it was exposed in my warehouse for three weeks, and offered for sale at 2s. a yard.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it in a saleable condition? A. Decidedly not—I

have known Arment for four years—he sold some music-stools to our people—I understood he was a seller or maker of those articles.





HENRY HOLDSWORTH

re-examined. This is not damaged in the dye—it is as good a colour as you could expect—the colour did not answer my expectation, and I sold it at a reduced price, at 3s. 6d., to Messrs. Druce, for them to get a profit on it.





JAMES GEORGE HURST
. I am a labourer, in the London Bocks. I know both the Arments—the younger one was a fellow-labourer with me, and I have understood that he occasionally works after hours with his brother, in making music-stools—the elder Arment keeps a coal-shed in the Tenter-ground—the younger Arment told me that he was out on bail; he did not tell me what for—after that I saw the elder Arment—he asked me if I would accompany him to the West-end for a walk—I accompanied him to Portland-street, Oxford-street—he enquired after a man named Chester—I showed him Chester's house—(I had seen Chester one week previous to that)—Chester was not at home—we went to a coffee-house, and waited—he came, and he and the elder Arment had some conversation; I did not hear any part of it—Chester gave me a sovereign and a shilling to give to the elder Arment, which I did.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Chester's house before? A. On 22d Dec. the younger Arment came to me while he was out on bail, and asked me to accompany him to Chester's—I was not before the Magistrate—I have not been examined as a witness by any person—they found me in the London Docks to-day, and told me what they wanted me for—I recollect the date, by its being the Friday in the week before Christmas—young Arment took me to Chester's, as a witness—Chester was not at home—we met him in the street-young Arment spoke to him—he said he was in trouble, and he wished him to advance a little money to assist him in his defence; he did not say why—that was all that took place that evening.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When young Arment said be wanted some money for his defence, what answer did Chester make? A. That he had none then to give him, but would give him some in a few days.





THOMAS COBLBT
 (policeman, K 65). On 14th Dec. I was in Whitechapel-road—I saw the younger Arment offering a piece of yellow damask for sale to Mr. Jewel, a broker—he did not buy it—I followed young Arment, and when I came up to him I asked him what he had there—he hesitated at first, and then said, "Stuff"—I said, "What stuff?" and after some further hesitation he said, "Damask"—I then asked him where he got it—he said he bought it at a sale-room—I said, "What sale-room?"—he said he did not know—I said that was very unsatisfactory—he then said he was entrusted with it by a man to sell—I asked him what man, and who he was—he said he did not know—I told him he must go to the station-house with me—he immediately said he had bought it in a public-house—I asked him what public-house—he said he did not know—when he got to the station he said he bought it at a public-house kept by a man named Webb, in Whitechapel—he said he had never dealt in any damask, or sold any before.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. Yes—what I said was taken down—I was not examined before the Grand Jury—I made no memorandum in writing of what was said.

MR. BALLANTIHE. Q. The conversation applied only to this yellow damask? A. Yes; the crimson was found at Mr. Jackson's afterwards.





WILLIAM WATKINS FRAY

re-examined. Chester was in Messrs. Druce's employ, as a porter—he would have access to the place where this property was—I

had seen this yellow damask last on 1st Sept.; it was all we had of it left—we found in Dec. that it was gone—between the 1st Sept. and the 14th Dec. we had not sold any of it,

THOMAS ARMENT—Aged 67.

THOMAS ARMENT. JUN.—Aged 28.




GUILTY
of receiving
—




Transported for Ten Years
.
