



219. 




ROBERT BLACKMORE
. was again indicted

for feloniously forging and uttering an acceptance of a bill of exchange for 8l. 12s., with intent to defraud 



George Fielding.






GEORGE FIELDING
. I am a watch-maker and jeweller, and live in Nelson-street, Greenwich. I have known the prisoner fourteen months, and have repaired jewellery for him—he represented himself as a traveller to a grocer. On the 14th of July he came and asked me if I would let him have a watch to show a person to sell, provided he left security for it—he offered to leave this bill, which he said was a good one, and he would return the watch or motley in the evening—he said the bill was taken for grocery which he had sold to the acceptor of the bill—I agreed to let him have the watch till the evening—he did not call in the evening—I saw nothing of him till after the bill became due, and was dishonoured—I gave the bill to Mr. Tanner, my next-door neighbour, to send to his banker's—it was returned to me noted, which I had to pay for—I wrote to Mr. Hutchinson, who appears to be the acceptor of the bill, after it became due, which was on the 6th of September—about a week after that the prisoner was brought to my shop—he said it was a good bill, that he would come and pay me the money for the watch, and take the bill from me as soon as he could—the watch was pledged with Mr. Nash, in London-street, Greenwich—I found it there, and paid Nash 1l. 10s. for it, which it was pledged for—I gave it up to the officer, by the Magistrate's order—I asked the prisoner to give me the duplicate—he said there was no occasion for that, as I had got the watch from the pawnbroker—I met him again about a week after, in Straits-mouth, Greenwich—he then promised to come and pay me as soon as he could, but said he was unable at present—I know this to be the bill I gave to Mr. Tanner, by my handwriting at the back.
[The bill being read, was dated 2nd July, 1840, at two months after date; drawn by Robert Blackmore, on John Hutchingson, grocer, Bexley. Payable at Smith, Payne, and Smith's.]


Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you know any thing of a Mr. Hutchingson? A. No, I do not know any one at Bexley of that name—I took the bill as a good one, on the prisoner's representation—he had been a customer of mine fourteen months, and always paid me.

COURT. Q. You supposed it to be a bill of exchange? A. Yes.





WILLIAM JOHN HUTCHINSON
. I am a grocer at Bexley, which is a small village. I never had any dealings with the prisoner—I do not know any grocer named John Hutchingson of Bexley, or any other place—I have known Bexley for years—I am very well known, having been there and at Foots-cray, which is only two miles distance, twenty-nine years—there are four other grocers at Bexley, but their names are Pitt, Saxby, Freemantle, and Tan—I go by the name of William John Hutchinson—I am sometimes addressed by the name of William, and sometimes William John—I have never gone by the name of John alone—there is no other person named Hutchinson at Bexley—this bill is not accepted by me—I know nothing of it—I never signed a bill—I never authorised any one to put the name of John Hutchinson to a bill.

Cross-examined. Q. Has your name a g in it? A. No—Bexleyheath is about a mile from Bexley—I should say I know ninety-eight persons out of a hundred that live about there—I was at Bexley-heath last Monday week, in the course of my business.





ROBERT HILL
. I am a policeman. I received this bill from Mr. Fielding—I made inquiries respecting the supposed acceptor at Bexley—I could find no person of that name, except the last witness—I had a warrant against the prisoner, and apprehended him at Greenwich—he said he knew a person named Hutchinson, but he never had any dealings with him.





EDWARD NASH
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in London-street, Greenwich. This watch was pledged by the prisoner on the 14th of July, for 2l. 10s., in the name of John Blackmore—I have known him about fifteen months—I gave it up to Mr. Fielding, who paid me the amount for which it was pledged.




GUILTY. of Uttering. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Parker.

