



949. 




WILLIAM EBBS



, stealing 1 gelding, price 6l.; 1 cart, and 1 set of harness, value 8l.; the goods of 



Charles Taylor.


CHARLES TAYLOR. On 7th Feb., about half-past ten o'clock at night I had a cart and horse in my stable—I missed them next morning, at a quarter or half-past seven—I found the cart and harness at eleven that day, in St. George's-market—the horse had been let out at hal-past eight at night—I found the cart and horse in Stamford's, a dealer's possession—I knew the prisoner by sight, by his passing the door.





CHARLES LIGLEY.
 I am servant to Mr. Taylor. I put up the horse on the night of the 7th at my master's stable—the prisoner was there, and I asked him to lend me a hand to above in my cart—he did so—he asked what time I should be there in the morning—I said about six or half-past—I west to the stable next morning about half-past seven, found the lock prized open, and the horse, cart, and harness gone.





JAMES PAGE.
 I saw the prisoner on 8th Feb., about half-past five o'clock in the morning, standing against the stable door at the end of Dale-street—be said, "Will you be so kind as to lend me a hand out with this cart? it is a bad place, I cannot get it out by myself"—I did so—there was no horse in it then—he walked into Mr. Taylor's stable, and I went on with my business.





EDWARD STAMFORD.
 On 7th Feb. the prisoner came to me, and stated that his master had got a cart to sell; that he had some money to make up for a loan—I desired him to go and fetch the cart and his master too—be went, and returned in about an hour and a half, and stated that his master had lent the horse and cart to go to St. Mary Cray, and that I could not see it before ten o'clock at night—I asked who his master was—he said he

lived at 47, Devonshire-street, Kennington; the name of Davidson, I think he said—I offered to meet him and his master at his place, and he said, "We will meet you at the bottom of Devonshire-street, at the Anchor and Hope, at nine to-night"—it was a wet night, and I did not go—he came to my place next morning, brought the horse and cart, and said him and his master had waited there till ten last night, and as I did not come his master had sent him to sell it"—I bought it for him for 5l., and gave him 2s. for himself—this is the receipt (produced)—he wrote it in my presence, and signed it "Edward Martin"—Mr. Taylor happened to come that day with a friend that serves me with corn, and there saw his cart standing at my place, and claimed it—I never saw he prisoner before, to my knowledge—I do not suppose the horse and cart would fetch more than 6l. in Smithfield.





CHARLES TAYLOR

re-examined. My name was not on the cat—I had it of Mr. Charles Denny, in the New-cut—his name was on it when I had it—I had a new pair of shafts put on, and that took the name of "Denny" out, leaving only "Charles," and as my name is Charles, I intended to have my own put on it—I valued the horse and cart from 12l. to 14l., but it might not have sold for so much—I have been offered 5l. for the cart several times, but I wanted 7l. for it—the horse is worth 5l. or 6l.





DENNIS DONOVAN
 (policeman, L 48.) I took the prisoner on the 15th—I said, "I want you to come to the station for stealing a horse and cart of Mr. Taylor"—he said, "It was not me; I know nothing about it."

Prisoner's Defence. I went to this market on the 6th or 7th, and saw a man taking a donkey and cart into a place; I asked if there was nor the name of Batley there; he said no, but there was a man named Stamford; I asked if he brought horses and carts; he said, "Yes," and I went there and asked him to buy the cart; he said he would if there was anything hanging to it; he was to meet me about it at night, but did not come; I went to him next morning and asked him 7l. 10s. for it; he gave me 5l. and 2s.




GUILTY.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Lord Chief Baron Pollock.

