




385. 




ARTHUR GEARISH
 and 



WILLIAM ALLEN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
5th of November, at Christ Church, in the dwelling-house of 



John Alger, 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 1l.; 360 pence, and 720 halfpence, his property; and afterwards, about the hour of one in the night, burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.






JOHN ALGER
. I keep a public-house in the parish of Christ Church, Broadwall—it is my dwelling-house. On the night of the 5th of November, I had been out, and returned about twelve o'clock—I went to bed about half-past twelve, and laid my coat in the bar-parlour, and my spectacles in the same room—I had a quantity of pence and halfpence in a book-case in the bar-parlour—the house was all secure when I went to bed—I have a skittle-ground—I went down next morning about seven, and found the articles and money stated, gone—the policeman produced my property the same morning—I know it to be mine from the papers which some of the money was wrapped in—my coat and spectacles are lost altogether—I swear positively to the wrappers—both the prisoners have frequented my house almost daily for the last six or seven months—I presume somebody concealed himself in one of the parlours, as there

was no external breaking—the prisoners know each other perfectly well—I found the party had got out by unbolting a back door which was fastened by two bolts, which could not be opened from outside—on Saturday, the 14th of November, Allen called on me, and said he called in consequence of hearing he was suspected of the robbery, and that the knew nothing of it till the evening of the 6th, when the prisoner Gearish took him over to Westminster, and confessed that he committed the robbery, and hearing the police were after him, they made their way towards Oxford, and sold the spectacles on the road to Oxford, and he went all the way with Gearish till the money was all spent, and he came to town to give himself up, and Gearish was travelling the country—he also said they sold the coat.





GEORGE HENRY ALGER
. I am son of last witness. On the night of the 5th of November the door in question was bolted inside—it was found un-bolted in the morning—I went to bed between twelve and one o'clock—I fancied as I left the kitchen to go into the bar-parlour, after turning the light out, that I saw a reflection of somebody through a glass-door, and called to my father to bring a light, but he did not, and through the moon shining through the shutters, I thought it was my fancy, and did not go further—I did not like to tell my father, I was afraid.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What are you? A. Bar-man to my father, who keeps the Miter public-house, Broadwall—I have known Allen for the last twelve months—I cannot tell what he is—I am twenty years old—I know nothing about any robbery—Allen did not mention any thing to me, it was to my father, and not in my presence—there were a great many customers there that night—I saw the prisoners there that night.





HENRY MAYNARD
. I am bar-man at the house. On the night of the 5th of November I fastened up the house—the back door was shut, and I found it open in the morning when I came down—it must have been done by somebody in the house.

Cross-examined. Q. You live in the house? A. Yes—it was my duty to shut it up—I did so at twelve o'clock at night—I came down about seven in the morning—the back door leads out on a balcony at the back of the house, and that looks out on two skittle-grounds—there is a dead wall runs along the skittle-ground, that is about four feet from the balcony, and that leads over into Isabella-street—Gearish never lodged in our house.





SARAH DANIELS
. I keep a lodging-house. Gearish lodged with me for about six weeks—on the 5th of November he came home about two o'clock in the night, or after two—it was the morning of the 6th—he let himself in and remained in bed till after six in the morning—then a man called him to come down, and he went out—I do not know who it was—I could not see whether he brought any thing in with him at night, but in the morning I saw him take out a brown paper parcel which I had never seen in his possession before.





THOMAS SHAW
. I am a policeman. I received information of the robbery, and searched Gearish's lodging on the 6th of November, about ten o'clock in the morning—I found wrapped up in the bed, 130 penny-pieces, and 413 halfpence—he was not at home—I found him in custody after-wards at Union Hall—I found a great many papers lying about the room, which the prosecutor swore to afterwards, as having contained the copper.






CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
. I am a policeman. In consequence of suspicion, I punned Gearish at far at Birmingham, and found him there—I told him I wanted him for a robbery at the Mitre public-house, Broadwall, on the night of the 5th of November, and stealing a coat, a pair of spectacles, and 3l. in copper money—he said, "I am aware of it"—I cautioned him not to say any thing, as it would be evidence against him, and he then said no more.





JOHN ALGER

re-examined. I positively swear to two of these wrappers.

MR. CHAMBERS
to
JOHN ALGER. Q. Allen came to you entirely of his own accord? A. Yes, he said he knew nothing of the robbery till the evening after it was committed—he then said Gearish took him over the water into Westminster, and told him all about it—he said the coat was parted with in Rosemary-lane—I asked what was done with the spectacles—he said they did not part with them till they had got some way on the road to Oxford—I asked what they sold them for—he said, "4s."—I said, "You must have known they were stolen"—he said, they could make no more than old silver of them—he said, he parted with Gearish on the road—I said, I must take him before the Magistrate, which I did.

GEARISH—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

ALLEN—


NOT GUILTY
.
