



1599. 




SAMUEL LEVY
 was indicted

 for assaulting 



William Williams, putting him in fear, and taking from his person 1 watch chain, value 6d.; 1 seal, 4d.; 1 watch key, 2d.; 1 hat, 9s.; and two handkerchiefs, 6s.; his property; and beating, striking, and using other personal violence.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM WILLIAMS
. I live in Old Montague-street. On Sunday evening, the 26th of July, about ten minutes after eleven o'clock, I was in the Whitechapel-road, opposite the church—I turned down Black Lion-yard, and the prisoner turned down after me—I did not see him till I turned down—he caught me by the collar with one hand, and seized my watch, which I wore in my fob, with the other—it had a chain, seal, and key to it—he snatched the chain, and broke it from the watch—I never saw him before to my knowledge—I could see him quite plain, and have not the least doubt of him—in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, he was brought to me by a policeman—at the time of the robbery there was a companion of his came down with him, behind me—I saw very little of him, but my hat, and gloves, and two handkerchiefs were taken—I had no opportunity of seeing his companion's face—I do not know who took my hat and handkerchief, but they both ran away—my hat was taken off behind—the hat and handkerchiefs were worth 15". or 16s.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was this in the Whitechapel-road, or-out of it? A. It is a yard, turning out of the road—it happened five or six yards out of the road—there are houses in it—it is a thoroughfare—there is a lump ten or twelve yards down—it is not twenty or thirty—a man named

Kentish, was taken up—he was suspected to be the man along with the prisoner—he was discharged because I could not swear to him.—I said so first before the Magistrate—I have never found any of the property—I described the prisoner to the policeman, and he was brought back in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—the other man was stouter than the prisoner—I saw the prisoner coming down the yard—he might be two or three minutes before me, before he took the watch—I held my arm down, and kept the watch and chain—he pulled a good deal before he broke it—I am eighty-two years old—my sight is good—I can see to read the largish print without glasses—we struggled and had hold of each other some time—I can see countenances very well.

COURT. Q. Had you seen any persons coming up as you turned the corner of the yard? A. No, I had turned the corner five or six yards—I saw them following, but did not suspect them—I saw them turn down the yard—I have no doubt of the prisoner—he came before me and pulled the chain with one hand—I put my hand down to save it—he kept pulling at it—while doing so somebody took my hat—I told the Magistrate at first I could not swear to the other man, as I did not see his countenance—he was behind me, if he was the man—I saw the policeman not more than two minutes after I was robbed.





THOMAS WEAKFORD
 (policeman.) On the 26th of July, from eleven to a quarter past, I saw the prosecutor in the Whitechapel-road—I did not hear him call out—in consequence of what he said, I took the prisoner in the Whitechapel-road, about 300 yards from Black Lion-yard—he had another person with him—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing about it.

COURT. Q. Was there any place where they could have disposed of the hat and other things? A. No, unless they were passed to a companion—there were persons about at that time—the prosecutor spoke to me in Black Lion-yard, and described the man's countenance—the prisoner corresponded with the prosecutor's description, and I took him to the prosecutor, who said "That is the man who seized me by the collar and took the chain of my watch"—I took his companion at the same time, but he could not identify him—the prisoner said he knew nothing about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Tell me the description the prosecutor gave? A. He was dressed in a black frock coat, a black hat, with crape round it—he was about 5 feet 5 inches high, and had a Jewish appearance—the prisoner had that appearance when I took him—the lamp was eleven or twelve yards down, in front of the public-house, which was open—it was as light as it is in the street.

JURY. Q. Were any persons running away when you saw them? A. No—the prosecutor said he had been robbed about a minute before I came up—I took the prisoner about five minutes after he spoke to me—the prosecutor said the prisoner's companion was dressed in dark clothes, and was much taller—the man I took corresponded with that description—he had not got any of the property—the light was about ten yards from where it happened—it shows a very strong light—anybody can see the countenance of another.




GUILTY
of robbery, without violence.
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

