






1718. 




WILLIAM BROMELL
 and 




JOHN PETTY
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
5th of April, 1 jacket, value 15s.; 1 cap, valued.; the goods of 



John Edward Cox: 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; and 1 pair of mittens, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Luxmore Wilson: and I jacket, value 15s.; 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; and 2 shirts, value 4s.; the goods of 



Philip Lybbe Powys
; and 




ELIZABETH WARREN
 and 



ELLEN LOGDEN



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS FULLER
. I am in the service of Mr. Searl, of Stangate-street, Lambeth. The members of the Oxford University Aquatic Club have a room on our premises—it is my duty to superintend the room which the gentlemen use to dress in, when they go out in the boats—they keep their clothing and things in lockers all round the room—on Monday, the 4th of April, at half-past nine o'clock, I locked the place up all safe—I returned on Tuesday morning about ten minutes to six, and found the gate open, also a small counting-house, where other gentlemen dress, and saw some of the clothes lying about, some of which belonged to the Club, and had been brought down to that room—I went up to the Oxford room, and found the door wide open—it had been opened with the key which I always leave there, in case the gentlemen should come while I am away—it is twelve o'clock sometimes before they come home—on the morning of the 4th I missed several articles belonging to the gentlemen—I saw some things afterwards produced by the policeman.





CHARLOTTE AUSTIN
. I am the wife of Charles Austin, of Whiting-street, Lambeth. I know the prisoner Warren—she came to lodge with me on the 3rd of March, and left on the 5th of April—on the morning of the 5th of April, between ten and eleven o'clock, I went into her room to insist on her leaving it, as she was so noisy, and had so many followers, and I said I would not leave the room till she was gone—she left the room, and wished me to wait a few minutes till she returned—the prisoner Logden was in the room at the time—she did not lodge with her to my knowledge—Warren left the room to return in ten minutes, as she said, if I would wait, and Logden was to wait till she returned—she did not say what she was to return for, but said she would come back in ten minutes—finding she did not come back, I suspected something! and turned down the bed to see if the bed clothes were all right, and found in the bed twelve gentlemen's coats or jackets, one pair of trowsers, and eleven gentlemen's rowing shirts, tied up in a bundle—Logden was there—there was also a blue silk handkerchief, and a gentleman's cap, and in the drawer I found two drinking horns—there was a pair, of mittens also

—I called up one of my lodgers, Maria Parker, and in consequence of what passed between us, I sent her for a policeman, who came, and I delivered the articles to him—Logden wished me to take some of the things in the room as security for the rent, and let Warren stop till Thursday, till her week was up—I said no, I should take ill the things—the bedstead folds up, and the things were turned up in the bed—I brought them into my own room, and sent for a policeman—Warren did not return—I saw no more of her till she was at Union-hall—Logden did not lodge with me—I do not know how long she had been in the room—nobody could see the things without turning the bed down—she might not know they were there.





MARIA PARKER
. I am single, and live at Austin's house. On the 5th of April, between three and four o'clock in the morning, before daybreak, I heard a knocking at the street-door—I knew Warren had got a key—Logden was stopping with her, I know, because I have seen her there—she was at home that night, because I heard her there—I did not see her—I could be positive it was her—I heard somebody in the room, and I bad' seen her on the stairs with Warren frequently—I cannot say she ever slept there—I saw her come down stairs next morning after ten, and spoke to her—after I heard the knocking at the door, I heard somebody get over the wall of the yard, and then heard somebody open the street-door within, and let somebody in—I could hear the footsteps of more than one person come in—I heard them go up stairs—I lodge in the parlour—Warren had the front room, over the parlour—I heard them walking about over my head—shortly after ten in the morning I saw the two male prisoners there—they came down stairs by themselves, and went out—I had never seen them before—the females were not with them—the shortest prisoner said, "Good morning"—I said, "Good morning"—they each bad a bundle, or ft coat, or jacket over their arm—my landlady called me up stairs about twenty minutes after that—I went up, and Logden was there—Mrs. Austin went to turn down the bed to see if the bed-clothes were right, and found these things there—I saw them found—next day we found a bag containing some skeleton-keys, in a drawer, which the constable has—there was all sorts of keys.

COURT. Q. You saw the men at ten o'clock, what time is the house open in the raoriing? A. Generally about seven—many persons might have come in before ten—I did not see who came in at four in the morning—I did not hear any voices—I heard them walking about—the male prisoners could not have come from any room but Warren's, as the other. room was locked up—there was a lodger in the room adjoining Warren's, hot she was in my room at the time, and her door was locked—I do not know whether the people went away that came at four—Warren has visitors, and is, I believe, in an unhappy course of life—I was never disturbed before—that is the reason which drew my attention to it—the wall the person got over joins the door at the entrance of the house, and goes to the back part of the house—it was two persons came in at least by the foot-steps—I only heard one person go out after four the morning, and before ten, that was a man who occupies the backroom—he is not here—he went out about nine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You do not mean to say you kept awake all night? A. No—I did not go to sleep till my clock struck four, and I awoke again about six—I am certain nobody went out

from six to nine—the male lodger goes out to work at nine o'clock in the morning—I believe he is a quill-maker—my name is Maria Parker—that is the name I go by—I get my living many ways—I told Mrs. Austin what I had heard, which made her order them to leave.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You cannot tell how many people might have access to the room? A. They have a great many acquaintances I believe—the street-door is left for anybody to come in and out who has got a key—it is a street-doorkey, and not a latch-key—I have opened the door myself at times to persons who come—I slept till six o'clock—I generally get up at seven—I get out and open the shutters sometimes before I get up.





CHARLES STEWART
. I am a policeman. On the 5th of April I went to No. 9, Whiting-street, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, and received some articles from Mrs. Austin, which I produce—I inquired if there was anybody in the room—I went up, and found Petty and Logden in the same room as the bedstead was—it was about ten o'clock in the morning—whether it was the front or back-room I cannot say, as it is a curiously-constructed house—Mrs. Parker and Mrs. Austin stood in the passage—when I went into the room I told the prisoners they must go with me to the station—they said nothing—I searched them, and found nothing—I searched the room again next day, and found several articles belonging to the club.

MRS. AUSTIN
re-examined. These are what I found in the bed—I took them into my room, and the policeman took them out of my room—he took Petty and Logden in the room Warren lodged in—I removed the articles into the room I occupied myself at the back of the house built over the yard—I gave them to him in my room, not in Warren's.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
. I am a policeman. I took Warren into custody on the 19th of April, in High-street, Borough—I told her it was for receiving twelve jackets and other articles, stolen from Mr. Searle's, and found in her room—she said, "I know nothing about it; if they are found there, somebody must have put them there."





RICHARD SIMMONS
. I am a painter, and know the prisoner Bromell; he is a waterman, and has been in the habit of going out with the Oxford Club at times, when they were short-handed. On the 4th of April, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw him and Petty pass the front of Mr. Searle's premises—they only passed as I went out, walking together—I cannot say they were in company, but walking by the side of each other.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is Mr. Searle's house in the open street? A. No—there is a thoroughfare where they passed, it is Bishop's-walk—anybody might pass there—they walked along as anybody else might—there was nothing remarkable—it is a very usual place for watermen to pass.





JAMES BROOK
. I am a policeman. I took Bromell into custody, on the 5th of April, in the Waterloo-road—I told him I wanted him for a robbery at Mr. Lankester's—I searched him, and found this cap on his head—I produce a bunch of skeleton keys, which I received from sergeant Jones at the station—he is not here.

MRS. AUSTIN
re-examined. These are the keys I gave to the sergeant—there are sixteen and a small crow-bar—I am certain they are the same, I particularly noticed them.






JOHN EDWARD COX
. I am a member of the Oxford University Aquatic Club, and live at Hyde Park-gate; I am a member of the University. I know this to be my cap, and this jacket is mine, and a comb in the pocket—I lost a comb exactly like it—I had left it in my locker—I went to Searle's room on the Wednesday, and saw a great many of the lockers broken open—the lids were torn up—I did not notice them particularly—I think there were marks of some instrument used to prize them open.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How do you know the cap? A. By the general wear of it—I have no initials on it, but I once cut the strap shorter on one side than the other, that I might fasten it under my chin—it is not a very common kind of cap—I think mine and my brother's are the only ones in the club—I wore it on the 4th of April—I will not swear to the cut—I have no doubt of the cap, I think I should know it among a thousand that had been worn.





THOMAS LUXMORE WILSON
. I am a solicitor, and live in Bedfordrow. I am not a member of the club—I keep things at Mr. Searle's, in a room under the Oxford room—these trowsers are mine, and this jacket I have worn five years—it has my name in it, written by myself, and I know the mittens and blue striped Guernsey frock.





PHILIP LYBBE POWIS
. I am a member of Baliol College, Oxford, and live at Furnival's Inn; I am a member of the club. These two Guernsey frocks are mine, and this jacket I know by the particular sort of lining in the sleeves—I lost a blue handkerchief like this, but cannot speak positively to it—I believe it is mine—one of the frocks has my name in my own handwriting.





CHARLES STEWART

re-examined. I took Petty for being in the room where the things were found—it was on the 5th of April, between ten and eleven o'clock—I found other articles in the room—this drinking-horn, another cap, and a silk handkerchief—this comb was found in a drawer in the room.

MRS. AUSTIN
re-examined. I first saw Petty in the room when I took the policeman up to show him where I had removed the property to—I do not know how he came there—we both went up to Warren's room, and found Petty with Logden—I had not seen him there before—I saw two men go out at the street-door about an hour before, but cannot say he was one of them—Parker had given me information, which made me notice the noise there had been in the house—that was before I saw Petty in the room.





MARIA PARKER

re-examined. After the two male prisoners went out with things, Petty and another man, not Bromell, came back—I saw them as I stood at my room door—the other man ran out—I had never seen him before—he ran away from the policeman—Petty and Bromell went out about ten o'clock—it must have been past ten—I saw Petty afterwards when the policeman took him—Bromell did not come back with him—he was in custody at the time—I had not seen Petty return, as I had gone to fetch a policeman, but he must have returned.





CHARLES STEWART

re-examined. I saw Petty and another man, and Logden, in the front-room—I forgot to state that the other man was there—he escaped—he was not Bromell.
(Thomas Goodman, a stamper at Somerset House; Robert Smith, of Messrs. Barclay's bank; Robert Lewis, lighterman, Vauxball; J. Butler,

lighter man; and—Vincent, tailor, Union-street; gave Bromell a good character.
) BROMELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

PETTY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

WARREN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.

LOGDEN—


NOT GUILTY
.
