



2424. 




MARGARET CLARK
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of September, 1 bag, value 4d.; 6 sovereigns, 17 half-sovereigns, 6 halfpence, and an order for the payment of 6l., the property of 



Thomas Rodwell, from his person.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS RODWELL
. I am a carrier, living at Bierton, in Buckinghamshire.

About eleven o'clock on the night of the 24th of September, I met the prisoner, I cannot say where; as I was drunk—after some conversation I got into a cab with her, and drove to Charing Cross—I got out and went down Craven-court—I had about 20l. in money when I fell in with her, in sovereigns, half-sovereigns, and a cheque—I afterwards went to Snow-hill with her—when I got there I missed my purse, my money, and cheque, which had been in my left-hand breeches pocket—when I got out I laid hold of her and accused her of robbing me—the policeman came up and I gave her in charge—he afterwards produced the cheque to me—it was the one I had safe in the purse when I went into her company—this is it—I had it from Mr. Strickland, of Newgate Market.





CHARLES PHILLIPS
 (City police-constable, No. 20.) At a quarter to three o'clock on the morning of the 25th of September, I was at the bottom of Snow-hill—I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner struggling together—I asked what was the matter—he said in her presence that he had been robbed of 20l., and gave her in charge—on going up Snow-hill I took from her hand this cheque for 6l. 3s. 1d., and one half-sovereign—I shook her petticoat and heard some gold chink—I took her pocket from her, and found five sovereigns and fifteen half-sovereigns in it.





SUSANNAH DROVER
. I am the wife of a policeman. I searched the prisoner at the station-house, and found one sovereign and one half-sovereign in her mouth, and a half-sovereign in her hand.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not knowingly have in my possession the property—I had been drinking with him from nine o'clock in the evening, and was quite intoxicated—what he gave me I put into my pocket, considering it was silver.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.
