



44. 




JOHN WALKER



, again indicted for uttering counterfeit coin, after a previous conviction of a like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DAWSON
conducted the Prosecution.







CALEB EDWARD POWELL.
 I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of John Walker at this court last April Session—I have examined it with the original record in Mr. Clark's office, and it is a true copy—(read—Convicted, and confined six months.)





THOMAS RICHARDS
 (City policeman, 486.) The prisoner is the person referred to in that record.





GEORGE STANBURY PEDLER.
 I am a chemist and druggist at 199, Fleet-street. On Wednesday evening, 10th Nov., the prisoner came to my shop about seven o'clock and asked for a pennyworth of Epsom salts and the same quantity of pillacotia—I served him—he threw down a shilling, which I suspected to be a smasher, by the peculiar manner which these persons have of throwing down their money, giving it a ring on the counter—I took it up, and immediately walked round and secured the door—I looked at the shilling, saw it was bad, and said, "Why, you have given me a bad one"—he said, "If I have I will exchange it"—I said, "That will not do, it is a system with you, I shall give you in charge"—I asked his address, and he gave it 6, Field-lane—I had never seen him before—I sent for a policeman—Loder came—I marked the shilling and gave it to him—he took it away with the prisoner.





BENNET LODER
 (City policeman, 343.) On 10th Nov. I was called into Mr. Pedler's shop, and he gave the prisoner into my custody, charging him with attempting to pass a bad shilling, which he marked and gave me—I searched the prisoner at the station, and found twopence in cooper on him—he stated at the station that a gentleman gave him the shilling, and told him that he would give him sixpence if he would go into the chemist and druggist's and bring him a pennyworth of salts—I took him before a Magistrate—he was remanded and ultimately discharged on 13th Nov., about one o'clock—I produce the shilling.

Prisoner. I said my master gave it me, and not a gentleman. Witness. What I have stated is quite correct.





GEORGE GRAY.
 I keep a coffee-shop in Water-lane, Blackfriars. On Saturday evening, 13th Nov., the prisoner came there between seven and eight o'clock, and asked for a cup of tea and some bread and better—my wife served him—it came to twopence-halfpenny—he gave me half-a-crown—I saw it was bad, bit it with my teeth, marked it, and said, "This is a bad one"—he said, "I have just received it from my master"—I gave it him back, and said, "You had better give it back to your master again"—my wife went to the door and called a policeman—Barber came and took the prisoner into custody—I went to the station, and saw Barber produce the same half-crown that I had marked—this now produced is it—these are the marks I made with my teeth, on the reverse side—I noticed the marks I made on it before I gave it him back—Barber produced it to me not a minute after I got to the station—he and the prisoner went on one side of the way to the station, and I on the other, and met them there—I did not lose sight of the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you take the half-crown into the parlour, and then to a baker's shop? A. I went out at the door to look for a policeman, and went into a baker's shop—I did not say anything to you about its being bad before I went out—I bit it before I went to the baker's—I did not part with it—I returned to my shop in less than a minute—I then told you it was bad, and gave it you back—my wife was looking for a policeman in the meantime—I did not give the half-crown into anybody's hands—on persons came in when I returned, except a young man from Radley's hotel on a

message to me—you were then sitting at your tea—I did not part with the half-crown to him, nor was it ever out of my possession till I gave it back to you—I told you to drink your tea and be off as quick as possible, but you did not seem to be in a hurry—you said you were an old customer, but I had never seen you before—you were out on the step when the policeman came—I kept my eye on you—it was between the lights, and I just lost sight of you as the policeman was taking you to the station; but it could not be much, for I was close to you.





JAMES BARBER
 (City policeman, 322.) On Saturday, 13th Nov., I was called to Mr. Gray's, and took the prisoner into custody—he was standing opposite the door—Gray said that he had passed a bad half-crown, that he had marked it and given it him back again as he had stated that he had got it from his master in the Gray's-inn-road—I said to the prisoner, "Let me look at the half-crown if you please"—he gave it me, and said, "I took it from Mr. Smith, bootmaker, in Gary's-inn-road"—I took him to the station, and found on him two silver fourpenny-pieces, and fourpence in halfpence—I produce the half-crown—I have kept it ever since, separate from other money—I went to Gray's-inn-road the same evening, but found no such person there as he named, or any one that knew the prisoner—I found a person named Smith, a bootmaker, in Henry-street, leading out of the Gray's Inn-road.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL

re-examined. This shilling and half-crown are both counterfeit.
(The prisoner put in a paper, begging for mercy, stating that he was by trade a boot-maker, and that he committed this offence in consequence of his having been discharged from the House of Correction without a farthing in his pocket.)




GUILTY. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

