



566. 




WILLIAM WICKING
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 6l.; 1 spoon, 3s.; and 1 fork, 3s.; the goods of 



Charles Adolphe Savin, his master, in his dwelling-house, at St. George, Hanover-square; and that he bad been before convicted of felony.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES ADOLPHE SAVIN
. I live at No. 33, South Audley-street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—the prisoner was my errand boy. On the 17th Jan. I missed a gold watcb, a spoon, and fork—I was out in the morning, and on returning I received information, saw the prisoner, and asked if he had stolen the watch—(I made him no threat or promise)—he said, "No"—I went out leaving him with the uncle of our female servant—I afterwards came back, saw him again, and he told me he had stolen the articles—I had not left him in the uncle's custody—the watch was kept on the mantel-piece in my bed-room, and the spoon and fork in the kitchen—Ihave not found the property—the prisoner told us that when he, went out of my house on the 16th, he met a man who took the watch from him as he was looking at it, and told him to follow him, that he went to a Jew in Monmouth-street, and sold it for 4s., but the Jew would not buy the fork and spoon, as they were not silver, and the man took them away from him and ran away.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. At what period of the day did you miss your watch? A. About half-past nine or ten in the morning—I had seen it safe on the mantel-piece in the course of the day before—it was not in ordinary use, but an old family watch—I generally wound it up every

evening, but had not wound it up for a week before—I first spoke to the female servant, after missing the watch—I did not accuse her of having committed the robbery—I asked her if she did it, at the same time I asked the prisoner—I told the prisoner's father that I believed it was not his son that had stolen the things, but the servant—it was not in consequence of what the servant's uncle told me, that I again went and accused the prisoner—he came and said I had accused his niece wrongly, that it was the boy that did it—I cannot recollect the exact expression I used to him—I think I said if he had robbed me of anything else it was better for him to tell me so at once—it was not after that that he told me he had taken the watch—the servant's uncle and the prisoner both told me he had stolen the watch—he came to me with the servant's uncle, and told me so himself—the uncle came first, and the prisoner afterwards—the prisoner did not hear what the servant's uncle said to me—I spoke to him first—I asked if he had robbed me, and he said yes—I did not tell him I would give him in charge if he did not tell me about it—I did not ask him if he had robbed me—I told him it was wrong to rob me, and he said he was very sorry for it, and so on—neither the servant or here uncle are here—the prisoner was in my employ a little more than three weeks.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What was the watch worth? A. About 6l., but I cannot say, it is an old one—the spoon and fork were not worth much.





JAMES POWELL
 (police-constable C 191.) I took charge of the prisoner—I did not hear the prosecutor make him any promise or threat—he said that after he had taken the watch, he was going down Oxford-street, a man came to him, and asked if he wanted to sell the watch, he said, "No," that the man took the watch out of his hand, and ran down Oxford-street, that he followed him, he turned down Monmouth-street, and went into a shop—that he went in and saw the man receive 4s. for the watch, 2s. of which he gave him, and 2s. he kept himself, that the man in the shop would not buy the fork and spoon, and the man made away with them.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the prisoner searched? A. Yes—nothing but a comb was found on him—I did' not hear any conversation between the prosecutor and prisoner.





DOMINIC COUST
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at his trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
, Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.


First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

