



290. 




SAMUEL SIMMONS



, stealing 3 marten skins, value 7l. 10s.; 7 ounces weight of gold orris, 2l. 10s.; and 1/4 of a yard of gold cord, 1s.; the goods of 



John Bradshaw and others, in the dwelling-house of 



John Bradshaw the younger.






GEORGE DAVIS
. I am in the employ of Mr. John Bradshaw, 27, Vine-street, Regent-street—he has two partners—he is a military tailor and gold laceman. On 7th Dec. I was cleaning the braid for the shop-window a little before eight o'clock—the prisoner spoke to me, and asked if we had any old clothes to sell—I told him "No"—he asked me to save him some gold lace—I told him he had better speak to Mr. Bradshaw—he asked me if I could not get him some, as he thought I should want a few shillings, and he asked me to meet him at the Bull and Mouth—I told him I could not that evening, I would on the Monday—on the Monday morning he passed by, and beckoned me—I nodded, but did not speak to him—he held up eight fingers, I thought he meant I was to meet him at eight o'clock—I went at eight, and did not see him—on the Tuesday morning he came and said I was to meet him that night, at nine, and he said, "Bring some sable and some lace; the more the better"—I went at nine, but did not see him—on the Wednesday he came, and came into the shop—I said to him, "You were not there yesterday"—he said, "Yes, I was, in the evening"—he asked me if I had these things ready for him—I said, "Yes, I had a few"—he said, "Give them to me"—I opened the drawer, and gave him a few sables—he took them, and asked for more—I said I could not get more, because the drawers were locked—he

then asked me for some gold—I gave him one skein of gold—I said I had no inore—he asked if I could not get more—I went to the window and gave him two quills of gold—he asked ine to meet him that morning, at the corner of Sackvillostreet—I said I should not be able to come—he said, "Try"—he spened the door, winked with his eye, and went out—the officer went after him, and took him—I had told. Mr. Bradshaw, when the prisoner first came—I did ail this with the knowledge of Mr. Bradshaw—I gave the prisoner the sables and gold, and I had my master's permission to take them.





JOHN BKVDSHAW
. I have heard the evidence of Davis—in what he did, in handing these things to the prisoner at his desire, he was acting under the authority of myself and the police—on the Monday morning he informed me that he had been solicited to commit a robbery—I communicated with the police, and what passed from. Monday morning, was under their direction and mine—I did not intend my servant to make a gift of these things—we had no other means of detecting him—he came, and asked, "Have you got anything?" "Have you got anything ready for me?" "When will you meet me?" "Bring so and so with you when you do come"—and so on.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. You had sent some of these things with the boy, in order that he might meet this man? A. No—I knew he was going to meet him.





ROBERT LESTER
 (police-inspector A.) I concealed myself in Mr. Bradshaw's premises on the Wednesday morning—I saw the prisoner enter, and a conversation ensued—the whole of it I did not hear—Davis said, "I was there yesterday morning"—the prisoner said, "Was you? What have you got? let me have them now"—Davis put on the counter three skins, which the prisoner laid hold of, and put in his bag—the prisoner then said, "Make haste! some gold or gold lace"—then the quills of gold were put towards him, on the counter, by Davis, which were taken by the prisoner and put into the bag—he then said, "Make haste! more sables"—the boy made some remark that he had not got the keys—he said, "Meet me about ten o'clock, and bring more sables and gold"—he went out, I permitted him to go about thirty yards from the house, I then took him—I said, "What have you had of that lad?"—lie said, "An old coat, sir"—a shop-door was open, I put him in, and showed him the skins and the gold—I took him to the station, and said, "These things you have been charged with stealing"—he made no reply—I found this gold cord in his pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. In the cupboard—I could see what was going on, through I crack—I could not see so plainly as if I had been out—I am quite sure I am correct in saying that the things were put on the counter—if the boy said he put them in his hand it is not true—the prisoner said he was married, and had six children at home starving—I went to the house, they are in great distress, I believe.





GEORGE DAVIS

re-examined. I opened the drawer, and the prisoner put his hand out and took the sables—the quill of gold was laid on the counter, and he took it oft.





JOHN BRADSHAW

re-examined. These are my property and my partner's. (James Gill, a tailor, of Newgate-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—Recommended to mercy by the prosecutor.—


Transported for Seven Years.

