





1068. 



GEORGE BRACEY
 and 




JAMES FISHER
, were indicted for

 stealing on the 
7th of April, at St. Marylebone, 2 coffee-pots, value 18l.; 89 spoons, 70l.; 55 forks, 70l.; 3 knives, 15s.; 4 wine-labels, 1l.; 1 soup-ladle, 3l.; 1 fish-slice, 2l.; 1 wine-strainer, 1l. 10s.; 1 cream-ewer, 2l.; 2 cups, 4l.; 2 muffineer-tops, 10s.; 5 ornaments, 100l.; 1 bottle, 10l.; 8 shirt-studs, 2l.; 2 pins, 2l.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 10s.; 2 decanter-stands, 3l.; 1 eyeglass, 1l.; 1 pencil-case, 1l.; 1 ring, 1l.; 4 razors, 1l.; 4 coats, 10l.; 1 hat, 10s.; 10 waistcoats, 4l.; 14 handkerchiefs, 4l.; 6 scarfs, 1l.; 4 pairs of trowsers, 1l. 10s.; 1 cloak, 1l. 10s.; 4 pairs of boots, 2l.; 1 telescope, 1l.; 2 purse-slides, 10s.; 2 snuff-boxes, 1l. 5s.; 12 shirts, 3l.; 1 carpet-bag, 10s.; 1 stand, 3l.; 5 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign, the goods of 



John Rivett Carnac, the master of Bracey, in his dwelling-house: and 





WILLIAM TOMLIN



 for feloniously receiving 1 pencil-case, 1 ring, 1 shirt, 1 snuff-box, 1 telescope, 2 purse-slides, 1 handkerchief
1 pin, 1 scarf, and 1 hat; part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; to which


BRACEY pleaded 


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CAPTAIN JOHN RIVETT CARNAC
, R.N. I live at No. 46, Devonshire-street, in the parish of St. Marylebone; Bracey had been in my service, as footman, for three months before this occurred; he had the care of my plate, and had access to my wearing-apparel and property. I was aroused on Thursday morning, the 17th of April, about seven o'clock—I went dowa stairs to the lower part of the house, found the plate-chest open, the trays lying about, and the plate gone—I missed the plate stated in the indictment, and from my dressing-room a dress-coat, a large blue cloak, and a variety of articles of apparel—Bracey was also gone—the value of the whole property was about 400l.—I missed from a writing-table two 10l. Bank-notes and five sovereigns, which were. Quite safe, and the house apparently fast, the night before—Bracey slept in the pantry below—there was a strange coat and hat found in the house, which the police took possession of.





THOMAS HARRISON
 (police-constable D 14.) I went to Captain Carnac's on the morning of the 17th of April—I found this hat and coat, and in the pocket of it is a handkerchief, gloves, and a pocket-book, containing a letter and six duplicates—the name of "Fisher" is on the duplicates and letter—I showed the coat to Fisher at the station—he said it was his; also the pocket-book, letter, and duplicates—the hat and handkerchief he said he knew nothing of, that he had lent the coat to Bracey on the Tuesday, three weeks before, which would be the 16th, the Tuesday before the robbery.





ANDREW WYNBSS
 (police-constable D 43.) I heard of this robbery on the 17th of April—I saw Fisher on Tuesday, the 6th of May, at the corner of Westbome-terrace, Faddington—I did not know him before—I went towards him, and he went from me, he mended his pace, and walked very quick on seeing me coming towards him—he was standing still at first, and when he got to the corner of Conduit-street he set off running very fast—I ran and overtook him in London-street, about 400 yards from where I first saw him—I said, "Your name is Fisher, I believe"—he said it was—I said, "I take you into custody on suspicion of a robbery at No. 46, Devonshire-street, the house of Captain Carnac"—he said he knew nothing about it—I took him to the station—he had a hat on, which I produce.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Had there been any examination at the police-office before you took him? A. No—bills bad been printed offering a reward—he mended his pace, and ran when be came to the first turning—I did not run till he did.





JOHN COOPER
 (police-constable D 84.) On the morning of the 17th of April I was on duty in Paddington-street, where there is a cab stand, at twenty minutes after one o'clock—I saw the prisoner Fisher come there with a portmanteau—he came from High-street, which is In a direction from Devonshire-street—it would take a man seven or eight minutes to walk from there with a portmanteau—it is the nearest cab- stand in that direction—he called a cab, and got into it with the portmanteau.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Which shoulder had he it on? A. I cannot say—he was coming towards me on the same side of the way—

I had never seen him before—he stopped right under the lamp to call the cab.






SAMUEL GUNN
. I am a cab- driver. I was on the stand in Paddington-street, on the 17th of April, about half-past one o'clock in the morning, and remember taking a person up with a portmanteau—I drove him to South-street, Sloane-square—he stopped me there, got out, and walked on with the portmanteau—we did not stop at any house—the prisoner Fisher resembles the man very much—I believe him to be the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. It was dark all the time? A. Yes—I had no other opportunity of seeing him.





RICHARD BARTLETT
 (police-constable D 82.) On the 17th of April, about half-past four o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Great Marylebone-street, and noticed two men come down High-street, and call a cab from the stand there two or three times—one drove up—I walked up to the cab and saw them get in—they had a carpet-bag and a cloak—they told the man to drive to Chelsea—the prisoners Bracey and Fisher are the two men.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. You had never seen them before? A. Never.





BENJAMIN SUMMERS
. I am a cab- driver. On the 17th of April, about half-past four o'clock, I was called by two men at the corner of High-street and Little Marylebone-street—they got into my cab with a carpet bag and cloak—the bag appeared very heavy—the cloak was open on one of their arms—they ordered me to Chelsea—I asked what part—they said, "Go on to Chelsea"—I said, "Tell me what part, and I shall know the nearest way to go"—they said, "Go towards Buckingham Palace"—I went down Grosvenor-place, and turned to the palace—they ordered me to turn to the right, and, two or three turnings up, they told me to turn to the right to Eaton-square—when I got there they told me to go to Sloane-square, which I did—they got out there with the bag and cloak, paid me, aud walked away—Bracey and Fisher are the men—they asked me to give change for half-a-sovereign, which I did—I had an opportunity of observing their faces, and have no doubt of them at all.





WILLIAM GINN
. I lodge at No. 10, South-street, Sloane-square, Fisher lodged in the same house. On the morning of the 17th of April, my wife had occasion to go out to work early, and I was up at ten minutes to five o'clock—as she went out, I noticed two men come in, it was Fisher and Bracey—Fisher came in with a carpet bag, and Bracey had a large blue cloak on his body—I went out myself in about five minutes.





THOMAS RICHARDSON
. I live at No. 74, George-street, Chelsea, and am a labourer, but am not in employ now—I have lived there about five months—I was acquainted with the prisoner Tomlin—in April last he was out of employ—he has been a shop-boy—he lived with Mr. Gadson, a grocer. On the 21st of April I was in his company, in King's-road, Chelsea—he left me to join a man who came up—T did not see his face—Tomlin appointed for me to come to No. 22, Doyley-street, Chelsea, where he lodged that night—I went, but did not stay at all, he came down and told me his cousin was there, and he could not come out—I saw him next morning in bed—he got up, and came out with me—he said he had been out the night before, and had had a glass or two with Fisher, and got drunk—he asked me to sell a pencil-case for him—I did not agree at first, but at last I did—he was in the street then—I went to his lodging—he produced the

pencil-case and a ring—he broke them up—we came on together, and went to Knightsbridge—he said he would not sell them there, he was known; and we went to Soho—I went into Mr. Fry's, a working jeweller's there, and sold the things for half-a-crown, which I gave to Tomlin—I did not ask any price for them—we went back to Chelsea—a man passed us in George-street, and Tomlin ran away from me—he came back, and said he did not want that man to see him with me, because he was watched, and the man was a Bow-street officer—I said, "Why don't you insult him? I would if he was watching me"—he said, "Hold your tongue, you are not acquainted with the circumstances; there has been a robbery, and I have got part of the things; that pencil-case you sold is part of the property"—I went to his house—he showed me sme more things, and said they were also part of the property, that they belonged to Captain Carnac, and Fisher, who I had seen him with on Sunday, was the party who carried them away, with the gentleman's servant—he showed me a gold pin, two gold slides of a purse, and a silk handkerchief, and said they also were part of the stolen property—I afterwards found a piece of the gold pencil-case left in my pocket—as soon as he told me this, I went to the station, and spoke to Superintendent Hughes about it, and gave up the piece of gold—after I had given information, on the Friday or Friday week, Tomlin showed me a hat—he said Fisher had it, and it belonged to the gentleman where the robbery was committed, and he was going to have it relined, and the rim altered, for Fisher—it had no lining then—he was to take it to Fisher next day—I walked with him as far as Mr. Chetham's, a hatter—he went in and left the hat, then came out and joined me again.

Cross-examined by
MR. PATNE. Q. How long have you known Tomlin? A. About eighteen months—his mother is a widow—I told the superintendent of this the day after I sold the pencil-case—I was not very intimate with Torolin—Fry gave me the money for the pencil-case—I have had no regular employ since last Nov.—I saw the policeman at the station between eleven and twelve o'clock—he returned me the pieces of pencil-case, and I gave it to another policeman the same morning—Tomlin was not taken for some time after—he once lived with Mr. Davis, of South-street, and left there about two months ago—since that he has been with Mr. Mills—he has had no regular employ since—I sold the pencil-case on Tuesday.





CHARLES CHETHAM
. My father is a hatter, and lives in Grosvenor-road, Chelsea. I know Tomlin—he brought this hat to me to have the lining and brim altered—it was done, and it was returned to him, I think, next morning—I am certain he is the person—it was three weeks ago last Friday—I believe this to be the hat—(this was the hat found o" the prisoner Fisher.)





THOMAS HARDWICK
 (police-constable D 80.) I apprehended Tomlin on Tuesday, the 6th of May, at Mr. Miles's, Grosvenor-row, Chelsea—I told him I took him for being concerned in a robbery at Captain Carnac's house—he said he knew nothing about it—I took him to his lodgings, No. 22, Doyley-street, where his mother lived, and a female cousin of his, named Saltmarsh, was there—she is now dead—I went and found her husband at work at the Royal Oak public-house—I then went to Saltroarsh'a house, and received from him a bundle containing a pair of boots, a silk handkerchief, a box, containing two purseslides, a gold pin, a shirt, a scarf, a collar, some white handled forks, some knives, and twenty-three

duplicates—I afterwards went to No. 22, Doyley-street again—I had Jeft Tomlin there in charge of another officer—he was taken to the station—I searched him at his mother's house, and found 3s. 10d. in silver, and 1s. 9d. in copper on him—the key of his box was given up, and I found in it a spy-glass—I found in the back room a large bundle of keys, and a small crow-bar, called a jemmy—Tomlin said the keys were his father's—Kicnardson gave me this part of a pencil-case when I received the information about the 24th—he made a communication to me, and went with me to Fry's.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You found Tomlin at Mr. Mills's his master? A. Yes—he is a cheesemonger—he had been there about a week—fomlin was present when I found the keys and crow-bar in the back room—there are only two rooms in the house—his mother was present—I got the key of the box from his pocket.





HENRY SALTMARSH
. I have lately lost my wife; she was Tomlin's cousin I understood—I gave the officer a bundle from a chair in my room now it came there I do not know—it must have come there during my absence—shortly after the 
death of my wife, Tomlin's mother came to my house and applied to me for the bundle.





EDWARD FRY
. I live at No. 14, Titchfield-street, Soho, and am a working jeweller—I buy gold, and silver, and stones—I bought part of a plated pencil-case of a lad, and sold it about three days before the police-man came—it was the colour of this piece of gold—it was plated inside and out—if there was a broken ring, it was so small I could not notice one from the other—I tried it with acid, and it was gold and metal plated together—I showed it to the young man—I gave him half-a-crown for it, and sold it three days after for 3s. 6d. to a dealer who calls round at the snops—I do not know his name—I should know him again—he calls once or twice a week, but sometimes not for a month.

COURT. Q. Have you a melting-pot on your premises? A. Working jewellers always have—I did not melt this small quantity—the slide of a pencil-case is often made of better gold—the inside of a pencil-case is generally three parts metal—the smarter the shop you go to, you are more likely to get an inferior article.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you notice a diamond at the end of the case? A. There was no dimond—it was in small bits—the boy was about Richardson's size—I cannot swear to him—I have weak sight, and had gone under an operation for my eyes three months ago.





HENRY WILLIAM DUBOIS
 (police-sergeant, N 14.) I was present when Bracey was brought to the station—he was lodging at No. 46, Great Chart-street, Hoxton New-town—greater part of the property was found there.





CAPTAIN CARNAC

re-examined. This is my hat, that was taken on the nigh in question—it has since been altered—here is a strange hat which was left at my house—it is the same size as mine—I have tried it on, and it fits me—I identified this small piece of gold immediately—it is the slide of the pencil-case, and is embossed in a peculiar way—I had had the pencil-case twenty years—it was the colour of this slide, and had a diamond at the end, and a cover to it, which had got fixed—I had not been able to take off it for some years—this snuff-box I know—the spy-glass is very similar to what I lost—it was a common one, which I bought at the bazaar for one of my children—these purse-slides are mine—they are not gold—this handkerchief, which was in the box, is mine, and has my

name on it—this scarf, shirt, and boots are mine—all the property found in Bracey's possession is mine, and was safe on the night in question.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. I suppose this is an old hat? A. No, but it has been much injured since it left me—I bought it at Bearmore's, in Bond-street.
----BEARDMORE. I am foreman to a hatter in Bond-street. Capt. Carnac is a customer of ours—I know this hat is our manufacture, and I believe it to be one made for him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you sure, in its altered state, that it is your manufacture? A. Yes—I know it by a mark inside, and by the finish.

FISHER—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


TOMLIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.

