




1510. 




THOMAS MORRISS
 and 



ROBERT LUCY
 were indicted for

 stealing on the 
22nd of April, 1 bowl, value 3d.; 1 half-crown, 2 shillings and 2 sixpences; the property, of 



Martha Wade.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the' Prosecution.






MARTHA WADE
. I am a widow, and keep the White Horse public-house at East Ham. on Wednesday, the 22nd of April, I was near my bar—in consequence of something I went to my tap room in a few minutes and saw this bowl between the two prisoners—it had been kept in the back of my till in the bar—there was 5s. in it at the time I left it—this is the bowl—I sent for an officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES
Q. How long before bad you seen it any where else? A. Not twenty minutes before—I had looked into it and taken some silver out—I swear I left some money' in it—I left some sixpences, but there was other money put in after—I saw three or four sixpences in it—my three daughters assist me in my business—they have all access to the bar at times, but had not that evening they were at home—they might have gone to the bar if they pleased.






MARTHA WADE
, Jun. I am the prosecutrix's daughter. It was my duty to serve the customers during my mother's absence—I was in the parlour and I heard the till-drawer shut—I went to the window, drew back the curtain, and saw Morriss quitting the bar—I had seen the till-drawer shut about ten minutes before—there were two bowls in the drawer when I left, one containing about 5s. in silver, one half-crown, two shillings, and two sixpences—the bowl that was produced before the Justice was the one that had the silver in it.

Cross-examined. Q. Were both bowls alike? A. One was larger than the other—I knew Morriss before—I am sure I saw him quitting the bar—his back was to me—I swear it was him—he had light clothes on—he had been to me for beer in the course of that day—no one else was in the bar—about twenty minutes after he left I missed the bowl—I did not go into the bar at once—I served him with beer between the time of my seeing him leave the bar and my missing the bowl—he remained in the house all the time till I missed the bowl.





CHARLES COLLINS
 (police-constable K 30.) I was called in by Mrs. Wade—I went into the tap-room, and found a bowl on the seat between the two prisoners—it was nearest to Morriss—I told them I wanted them both—I took Morriss, but Lucy resisted and got away—I took him afterwards—this is the bowl.

Cross-examined. Q. Lucy resisted, and got away? A. Yes, very much.





WILLIAM JAMES ADAMS
 (police-constable E 53.) I assisted in taking Morriss—I found on him 8s. 4 1/2 d.—there was one half-crown and one shilling in his fob, and one half-crown, one shilling, and two sixpences in his breeches pocket.

MORRISS**—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

LUCY—


NOT GUILTY
.
