





2189. 




WILLIAM MEARS,



 ROBERT HENDERSON
, and 



MATTHEW WALLIS
, were indicted for

 stealing 1 lb. of cigars, value 9s.; and 2 lbs. of cheroots, value 185.; the goods of 



Thomas Payne; and that Mears had been before convicted of felony.






ANN PAYNE
. I am the wife of Thomas Payne, a tobacconist—we live at Camberwcll—on the evening of the 20th of Oct. 1 saw four persons come to the shop window—in about half an hour afterwards a young man came into the shop—I only know him by his dress and height—he was like one of those I saw before, and like the prisoner Henderson—he came in for Black Jack, or White Jack—he laughed, and went to the window and spoke to the one in the white coat, which was Mears, but he has changed his coat since—I believe Henderson was the person who came in and went and spoke to Mears—I then went to put my children to bed, and about three quarters of an hour after Henderson had gone out I missed three bundles of cigars—these now produced are them—I missed three different kinds, and I have samples of them here.

Henderson. When she came to the police-station she did not know me.


Witness. Yes, I did, by the description of his dress and height—he had on a jacket and a cap that I particularly noticed—he resembled the person in voice and in everything else.





WILLIAM MORTON
 (police-sergeant 76.) On the 20th of Oct. about a quarter-past nine in the evening, I met the prisoners and another person about two miles from the prosecutor's—I perceived that Mears and Henderson's pockets had something bulky—I took them—I asked Mears what he had got?—he said, "Nothing"—I took him to the station, and found on him 190 cigars, which Mrs. Payne swears to—Henderson ran away then, but I took him the next night.

Mears. I bought these cigars at Croydon fair; I am in the habit of working at fairs and races.





JAMES BAKER
 (police-constable P 98.) I produce a certificate of Mear's former conviction—(read Convicted the 5th of Feb., 1844, confined one month and whipped)—he is the person.

Mears. I served my month and came out, and got a place in the Borough, and this officer came and told my master I was a convicted thief.

Witness. No, there was a man at the place who knew he had been convicted, he told him I had had him convicted; the master asked me and I told him.

MEARS—


GUILTY.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


HENDERSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Three Months.


WALLIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
