




1460. 



ANN MORGAN



, stealing 4 5l. bank-notes, and 9 sovereigns, the moneys of 



John Deans; from his person; and 





THOMAS MORGAN



feloniously receiving the same.






JOHN DEANS
. I am master of the schooner Diligence, at Gravesend. On 28th April I slept at the prisoner's house, at Shadwell—I had a female with me, and when I went to the house I gave my watch to her—she gave it to Ann Morgan in my presence—it was left in pawn for the bed—I stopped there that night and went away next morning—I did not ask for my watch when I went away—I went back about two o'clock in the afternoon and asked Ann Morgan for it—she said she had pawned it for 1l., and she gave me the duplicate—there were two or three girls in the house, who kept pulling me about, and asking me for something to drink—I gave Ann Morgan a shilling to send for something to drink, and they brought in a pot of beer—I just tasted it—I had at that time four 5l. notes and nine sovereigns in a purse, in my pocket—I was in the house till between four and five, when I left—I was about to pay a labourer, and I found my money was gone out of my purse, and the purse was put back again into my pocket—during the time I was in the house Ann Morgan sat by my side—I was quite sober when I went there—I drank about half-a-pint of beer, and in a few minutes I felt quite stupid—I left the house about half-past four and went to my ship—I told the mate of my vessel—I did not go back to the prisoner's house that night—I went the next morning and saw Ann Morgan—I told her what had happened; she denied knowing anything about it; I gave her in charge—she was searched at the station, and 1l. 3s. was taken from her, but no notes—I had seen Thomas Morgan in bed in the house, in the morning—I had 4s. 6d. in silver in my left-hand pocket—I did not lose that.





FREDERICK PENNY
. I am clerk to Messrs. Duke and Hill, coal-factors.

I paid Deans four 5l. notes and ten sovereigns—I have the numbers of the notes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where did you take that memorandumof the numbers of the notes from? A. From the book, which is not here—the numbers were 78118, 78119, 78120, and 78121, and the letters were "T I"—I know these are two of the notes I gave him, from recollection, without reference to the book.





CHARLES AUGUSTUS BUSHELL
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce these two notes, cancelled—No. 78118, was paid into the Bank on 5th May, and No. 78121 on 6th May, from Smith, Payne, and Co.—they are dated 2nd March, 1848.





GEORGE PRATT
. I keep the New Cross Inn, at New Cross. I receivedthis 5l. note, No. 781 18, from Thomas Morgan—I paid it away to a Mr. Smith, who is not here—I do not remember on what day I took it—it was about the 1st of May—I put the prisoner's name and the date on it—the date is cut out here—here is the name on the corner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Whose writing is this? A. Mine—I knew Thomas Morgan by sight before—I am quite sure I received it of him.





GEORGE WEST
. I keep the Duke of Clarence public-house, in the Commercial-road. I cashed this note, No. 78121, for a man dressed like a sailor—he showed me the certificate of his ship, and said he had been paid off at Southampton.





JAMES ARMITAGE
. I was at the Duke of Clarence when Mr. West gave change for a note, but I do not know of what amount it was—I have seen Thomas Morgan by going down to the part where he lives—I really believe he was the person who had the change, but what change it was I do not know.





WILLIAM CHARLES POTTER
 (policeman, K 212.) On Saturday morning, 13th May, I went to the prisoner's house, in Elbow-lane, Shadwell—I saw Thomas Morgan—I told him to consider himself my prisoner for changing one of the 5l. notes, stolen from a captain, in his house—I said he changed one at New Cross, that I had been to the Bank, and got a copy of what was on it, "Thomas Morgan, Elbow-lane"—he said he knew nothing about it—I took him to the station, and went back and took Ann Morgan—she said she knew nothing about it, she could not help it.





EDWARD WANDERER TOWNSEND
 (police-sergeant, K 8.) I was at the station when Thomas Morgan was brought there—I asked how he came in possession of the note—he said he picked it up a few yards from his door the next dav—I said, "If you knew vour wife was in custody, why did you not give notice to the police?"—he said, "I don't know; I don't deny having changed the note with Mr. Pratt "—shortly afterwards, he called me to the cell, and said, "My wife knows nothing of this; at the time the captain was robbed, she was in the next house, washing."

MR. ROBINSON
to
JOHN DEANS. Q. How long had you been from sea? A. Four days—I am married—I had only had one pint of ale that day—I tasted out of the pot of beer at the prisoner's—I had nothing else—I had had nothing on board—I came on shore the first thing in the morning—I went to the prisoner's house at two o'clock, on purpose to get my watch—I think there were two females there besides Ann Morgan—there were several persons knocking about the door, and walking backwards and forwards, but not, in the house—I received the money that morning, and I went directly there from Messrs. Duke and Hill's, as I was rather in a hurry to get my ship out

of the Dock—I was a good deal pulled about by the—women in the house, for something to drink—I was not pulled about outside.

ANN MORGAN—


NOT GUILTY
.

THOMAS MORGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
