



597. 




GEORGE JONES
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Timothy James Maney, on the 
2nd of Feb., at 
St. Dunstan, Stepney, and stealing a carpet, value 7s.; 9 china ornaments, 3s.; and 1 unfinished coat, 1l. 8s., his property; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






TIMOTHY JAMES MANEY
. I am a tailor, and live at No. 6, George-street, Mile-end New Town, in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney. On the evening of the 2nd of Feb. I left the windows shut and the house generally shut up, and everything safe about twenty minutes before eight o'clock—I locked the dour and took the key away with me—I returned about a quarter after eight—I noticed some people about the door—I attempted to unlock the street door, but it pushed open—it was closed but not locked as I had left it—the catch was on, but the least touch in the world would open it—I missed an unfinished coat from my bed-room, a carpet from my parlour, and some cbioa ornaments from my mantel-piece—I went to the station-house and found the prisoner already in custody—the articles I missed were at the station.

Prisoner. He said the door was locked first, and he found it as he had left it. Witness. I did not—I put the key in the lock, but it did not require it, it could have been opened without.





HENRY PHILLIPS
. I was returning from work on the 2nd of Feb.—I saw the prisoner attempt to force open with his hand the door of the house No. 6, George-street, Mile-end, where Maney lives—he forced the door open with his foot, then walked about, and entered the house—he came out in a minute, and walked across the road—he went in again, and remained two or three minutes—the third time when he came out I saw him with a bundle in front of him—he closed the door after him—I followed him round the corner of the Collingwood public-house—I did not lose sight of him—I came up to him in Chicksand-street, and seized him—he dropped the bundle directly, and said, "Let me go"—after we had had two or three struggles across the road, I got assistance—I saw him throw a china ornament away as we took him along—it was broken—the pieces were picked up, and handed to the policeman.





JOHH LANGBRIDGE
. On the night of the 2nd of Feb. I saw Phillips and the prisoner struggling at the corner of Chicksand-street—as they were going to the station I saw the prisoner put his right hand into his pocket, and throw some china ornament away, which was picked up.





FREDERICK BUNDY
. I live in Dunk-street, Mile-end New-town. On the night of the 2nd of Feb. I saw the prisoner in Chicksand-street—I saw him drop the bundle from the front of him—I picked it up, and took it to the station—it contained this carpet and this unfinished coat—I gave it to the inspector—I carried part of the broken ornament which was picked up—this ornament he pulled out of his pocket at the station, and gave it to the policeman.





EDWARD M'ANLIFFE
 (police-constable H 142.) The prisoner was given into my charge on the 2nd of Feb.—I received these articles from Bundy.





TIMOTHY JAMES MANEY

re-examined. These are my articles, and what were taken from my premises—this coat was entrusted to me by my employer—I had seen all these safe that morning.

Prisoner's Defence. On the Monday evening I was going along George-street; I was waiting for a young man; I saw a bundle lying close to the door of a house; I took it up, and was guijig to take it to the station; Phillips

ran after me, and said, "I have got you at last, I have wanted you a long time;" he snatched the bundle out of my hand, and this ornament fell out of it.





WILLIAM HOWE
 (police-constable H 168.) I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read Convicted 19th Aug., 1844, having been before convicted of felony, and confined one year) the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

