





672. 




HENRY HARCOURT,



 PATRICK FLANNIGAN
, and 



JOHN GARDNER
, were again indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Lowden, about the hour of one in the night of the 
7th of January, at 
St. Marylebone, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 30 yards of velvet, value 15l.; 1 shawl, value 1l.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 1l. 5s.; 3 scarfs, value 1l. 10s.; 2 half-crowns, 7 shillings, 80 sixpences, 24 pence, and 72 halfpence; the property of said John London; and that Harcourt had been before convicted of felony.


MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS LOWDON
. I am shopman to my brother, John London, living in Crawford-street. On the morning of the 7th of January, Harcourt and. Flannigan came into his shop, Nos. 11 and 12, Edgeware-road, in the parish of St. Marylebone, between nine and ten o'clock—they asked to look at some Guernsey shirts, but did not buy any—I saw Harcourt look at the skylight, and appear to make observations—I paid particular attention to them—the skylight is over the shop—there is an open space, where there is a casement, and any one by taking out a pane might put in their hand and open the skylight—about nine o'clock, the same evening, I saw Harcourt, Flannigan, and Gardner, in front of the shop, looking in at the window—they did not stay a moment after they saw me looking at them, and I had seen Gardner outside in the morning when the other two were in the shop—when I looked out after them they were all gone—Gardner appeared as if he had been waiting for them—I had 3l., in silver and copper, in a drawer in my shop—there was some silver bent—some was brown, of a darkish colour, which I have no doubt were the same as these—(looking at some)—we shut up between nine o'clock and half-past that night—the skylight was then safe—I did not leave the shop till towards ten o'clock—I live in the house, for my brother—it is his house—he has no partner—he does not live there—while I was in bed, the next morning, a young man came and gave me some information—I got up, went down, and saw the shop—I saw the furs which had been in a back-room were in a disturbed state—they were then lying on the foot of a ladder, which had been put up to the skylight—the skylight was open a little, and a pane of glass had been cut out—I went to the till, and the money was gone—there was about 5s. in copper, and the half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences were gone—I went to the window, and found four lengths of velvet, six silk handkerchiefs, three scarfs, a chinelle shawl, and some other little things, which had been safe the night before—upon that, I gave information to the police, told him the description of the money I had lost, and the men whom I suspected—in the course of the morning 1 stood in the shop, and saw

Flannigan and Harcourt go by—I followed them to Chapel-street, then to Lisson-street—they went into a public-house—I waited outside, and sent for another man from our shop—then they came out, with Thomas, the prisoner in the last case—I followed them to another street, met an officer, and gave them in charge—I did not see Gardner then, but Harcourt, Flannigan, and Thomas, went into a beer-shop, and the policeman went out, and brought Gardner with him—I did not see his face at first, but when I did I had no doubt of his being the man—they were taken, and searched, in my presence—on Harcourt thirty sixpences were found—on Flannigan fifteen sixpences and some shillings were found—nothing was found on Gardner—directly the money was brought out I said that was the sort of money—the value of the money and goods taken was 25l.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where do you live? A. At No. 111 and 112, Edgeware-road—I found the burglary out at half-past seven o'clock—they passed the shop between eleven and twelve—I followed them to Hertford-street, Lisson-grove, which may be two hundred yards from our shop—there were several policemen came to our shop in the morning—I think it was Harrison and Thornton to whom I pointed out the prisoners—I believe Thornton brought Gardner out of the public-house, but whoever had Gardner said to me, "Is this one?"—I had not then seen his face, he was looking to the wall—I said, "No," or something of that sort—I think the officer had hold of him—the policeman did not say, "Yes, it is, you must be mistaken."

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did either of the policemen say anything to you to induce you to identify Gardner? A. No, when I looked at him the second time I said he was the man.





THOMAS HARRISON
 (police-sergeant D 14.) On the 8th of January, I was in Steven-street, Lisson-grove—I saw the three prisoners and another come down the street and go into a public-house—Thornton came up and said Mr. London had been following these men—we went in and fetched them out—Mr. London came up and said, "They are the men"—we went down to the station—I searched the prisoners—I found three half-crowns, six shillings, six sixpences, 9d. in coppers, and a latch key on Flannigan, and a crown-piece, four half-crowns, four shillings, thirty sixpences, a knife, and a handkerchief, on Harcourt—one shilling, 5 1/2 d. in copper, a knife, and a handkerchief, on Gardner, and six half-crowns, one sixpence, a knife, a handkerchief, and three keys on Thomas—I said, " You seem to have plenty of money"—they all said, "Yes, we worked for it."

Cross-examined. Q. Who brought Gardner out? A. A man of the name of Turner who is not here—I did not hear London express any doubt about his being the man—I heard him say, "They are the men."





GEORGE THORNTON
 (police-constable D 109.) I assisted in taking the prisoners—the sergeant said they had plenty of money—they said they worked for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did they all say so at once? A. No, Thomas said it first, I do not know who said it next—I think Jones brought Flannigan out of the public-house—I had Thomas—I heard Lowdon say, "They are the men."

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did they tell you who they worked for? A. No.





WILLIAM LOWDON

re-examined. These packages contain money like what I had in the till on the night of the burglary.





LAWRENCE ANDERSON
 (police-sergeant D 35.) I know Flannigan—I

searched him on the 7th of January, about half-past ten o'clock—he had nothing on him then.

Flannigan. Q. Where did you search me? A. In Steven-street, you were coming from towards the Hope public-house—you said you had only got the latch key on you, and then you said you would be going home.





JAMES THOMPSON
. I heard a noise in the prosecutor's shop between one and two o'clock in the morning of the robbery, but did not see any person.

Harcourt's Defence. I went into the shop to buy a Guernsey frock and a pair of gloves—he asked 1s. 4d. a pair for the gloves, I offered him 1s. 2d. which he would not take—I left and went to Mr. Cohen's and bought two Guernsey frocks, two pairs of gloves, and a pair of drawers at another shop, I paid a sovereign and had change.

Flannigan's Defence. I had got a few shillings to buy oranges to sell on Sunday.





HENRY ELSON
 (police-sergeant D 15.) I produce a certificate of Har-court's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person so tried and convicted.

HARCOURT—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

FLANNIGAN—


GUILTY
.—Aged 19.





Transported for Fifteen Years.



GARDNER—


NOT GUILTY
.
