




747. 




THOMAS SARGEANT
 was again indicted

 for stealing 2 sovereigns,3 half-sovereigns, 6 crowns, 12 half-crowns, 29 shillings, 58 sixpences, 85 fourpenny-pieces, 3 pence, and 6 halfpence, the monies of



 Francis Tucker and other, his masters.



MESSRS. CLARKSON and BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS MOSDELL SMITH
. I am one of the firm of Francis Tucker and others. On Wednesday, the 10th of Jan., in consequence of suspicion, I saw all the sperm and wax ends and scrapings that I had in stock, weighed, about two o'clock—Murrell and Tarrant were in attendance on me in so doing—the weight of the whole was 471lbs. 8ozs., and there appeared by the shop cash-book 13ozs. of scrapings bought that afternoon, which would make the whole weight 472lbs. 5ozs.—I used all the precaution in my power to ascertain the exact quantity—next day, the 11th, about ten ruinates to five o'clock, I gave directions to Shaw, the policeman, and I put three sovereigns and 2l.; worth of shillings, all marked, into the till—there is a well in the till under where the money is kept loose, in which there is a bag with other gold in it—I do not see any entry made in the book by the prisoner on the 10th of Jan.—this entry of 13ozs. is by Tarrant—on the 11th of Jan., about half-past five, I found the prisoner had entered in the shop cash-book as having paid 13lbs. 8ozs. 8 drachms of wax ends 1l.;, 4lbs. of sperm 5s. 3d., and dripping 3s., making in the whole 1l.; 8s. 3d.—I directly called in the policeman, and took him into the counting-house—I called in the prisoner, and said, "Sargeant, here is an entry I don't exactly understand, when did you buy these things?"—he hesitated, and at length said, "In the morning at eleven o'clock"—I said, "That answer does not satisfy me, I have strong doubts as to your integrity, will you show me the contents of your pockets?"—he threw a leathern purse on the desk—I said, "You have more money about you than this"—he then placed his hands in his pocket, and put on the desk a quantity of silver, I believe all in shillings—I found amongst them eight of the shillings which I had marked on the Wednesday and put them into the till on the Thursday at ten minutes past five during his absence, and this conversation took place about a quarter before six o'clock—I gave him in charge—I said to him, "To save me the trouble of weighing the stock again, the weight of which I know perfectly well, will you tell me where the things are that you say you bought?"—he replied, "You seem to know all about it; I don't say"—the policeman said, "You need answer no questions, but do you choose to account for having the marked money upon you?"—he replied, "I don't say"—I omitted to state that when I discovered the marked silver amongst his money I could not discover the marked sovereign—I had put three marked sovereigns into the till, and only two of them remained—one of them was gone—I then sent for the bag which was placed in the well of the till, and in that bag I found the marked sovereign—the prisoner was then taken to the station, and I proceeded to weigh the wax ends and other things, and allowing for the 13ozs. being added to it, the real increase was 3ozs., allowing for the turn of the scale—it was quite impossible that I that morning at ten minutes to ten o'clock, and the prisoner was engaged in my presence from about ten minutes to eleven till twenty-five minutes to twelve, and in that time he made no purchase of wax ends, or scrapings, or dripping—he never left the counting-house—I was engaged in an interview with a gentleman in a small place that adjoins the counting-house—while the prisoner was not engaged with me he was with Mr. Harrison in the counting-house—I can undertake to say that from ten minutes to eleven till twenty-five minutes to twelve o'clock he-was not out of the counting-house.


Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. What did you weigh? A. The whole of the wax candle ends, and scrapings, and dripping, on the premises—I weighed the drawers in which they were placed, but I gave the net weight—the tare was marked on the drawers, and the deduction was made—I looked myself into every drawer, to see that there was none but what were weighed—I will not swear as to the number of receptacles the people had, but I will swear there were no more than what were weighed—a regular search was made all over the place, to see that there was no more—I did not weigh anything down stairs—the drawers are the receptacles in the shop, and when they are full they are sent away—there is a cupboard in the shop—I swear that we weighed the whole contents of that—I kept the numeration of the figures—I weighed first at two o'clock, on Wednesday; again, at two o'clock, on Thursday; and again, in the evening after the prisoner was in custody—Murrell and Tarrant were with me every time I weighed it—if the prisoner had told me the drawer in which what he said was bought, was placed, I would have weighed that drawer, but he refused to tell me where the things were—he had not frequent occasions to go to the till where the money was kept—if the porter or shopman were on the premises it was their duty to make those purchases—the prisoner's duty was in the counting-house, not the shop, but, in the absence of the others, it was his duty—we had no scarcity of silver at that time—there was a scarcity, but we had 60l.; or 80l.; worth—I never knew the prisoner to lend to the till, or to borrow of the till—there was plenty in the till.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you went to the till, after you gave notice to the policeman, did you find the silver you had put there? A. Yes, and on the prisoner I found eight of the marked shillings—there had been no want of silver—I had put entire confidence in the prisoner.





JOHN MURRELL
. On the Wednesday, at two o'clock, I attended my master, to weigh all the wax ends and scrapings that there were—they were all brought to the scale on that occasion—Tarrant attended and assisted—I weighed again at two o'clock on Thursday, when all that could be found was again produced—after the prisoner was taken we again weighed them—the weight on all occasions was the same, with the difference of three ounces at 'last—I went to the premises on Thursday morning, the 11th of Jan., at seven o'clock—the prisoner did not sleep on the premises—he came a little afterseven that morning—he was in my sight till eight o'clock, when he went to breakfast—he returned at nine o'clock, and from then till a quarter to twelve he was in my sight—during that time he did not make a purchase of anything, if he had I must have seen it—I was watching for that purpose

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you have various duties to perform? A. I have—I had not occasion to go out from seven to twelve o'clock—I breakfast on the premises—I went to breakfast at the time the prisoner did—I returned in half an hour, and I was there half an hour before he was back—I went out at a quarter to twelve, and returned about half-past twelve—I left the shop after two o'clock in the afternoon—I do not know how many boxes were weighed, but I called the weights out correctly—we weighed the wax, the sperm, the dripping, and every thing we had on the premises—I cannot recollect the number of receptacles there were for the wax ends and dripping.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. There are certain receptacles for wax ends, and scrapings, and sperm? A. Yes, in the shop, and there are others for dripping and changes below—we went round, and weighed all that was on the premises—we weighed the dripping also—there were not twelve pounds addition to that—I had marked the dripping-tub with a cross, and that cross was

there the same—it had been arranged that I should not be absent when Tarrant was, nor he be absent when I was—we do not know who the collectors are, but if we take any wax ends or scrapings in we know where we put them.





JOHN TARRANT
. I was on the premises on the Thursday, from half-past nine till one o'clock, when I went up to dinner—the prisoner could not have purchased wax ends, or dripping, or sperm, that morning, without my seeing him—I had been desired to watch—he purchased no articles that morning—I returned from dinner at half-past one, and then I remained there till five—I might have been absent for two minutes, but he could not have bought any thing in that time—I went out once when Murrell was not there—the prisoner was in the counting-house when I went out, and he was there when I came back—I balanced the shop cash-book on that Thursday, and it balanced, supposing these goods had been paid for—here is a deduction of 1l.; 8s. 3d., from the shop cash that day by the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you not said, on a former occasion, that you were out from time to time? A. I was not out more than two minutes—I had occasion to go down stairs, but I could hear any one come into the shop, and it is impossible that in that time he could have bought that quantity—I went up stairs once with a letter, but Murrell was in the shop then—I never knew the prisoner borrow money from the till, or lend money to it—I have borrowed money of him when I have not had sufficient change.





JOHN MARKS
. I am accountant in the prosecutor's establishment. On the 11th of Jan. I got there about five minutes to ten o'clock—the prisoner was engaged with me the whole morning, except when receiving a small sum of money from Mr. Hall—he made no purchase over the counter—if he had, I think I must have observed it.





FREDERICK SHAW
 (police-sergeant A 29.) On the 11th of Jan. I went to South Moulton-street, by directions from Mr. Smith—the shopman and porter went away, and during their absence I watched the shop—no person took any thing to sell that day—I saw the prisoner go to the till while no person was in the shop—I crossed the road, and looked through the window—he took something from a bag in the till, and appeared to be counting it—I thought it was money—he had it in his left hand, and was running it over—after that he went into the counting-house—about a quarter of an hour after that Mr. Smith took in the shop cash-book, and he said to the prisoner, "Sergeant, here is an entry I do not understand"—he asked him when these goods had been purchased—the prisoner said, "This morning, at eleven o'clock"—Mr. Smith said, "Why was not the entry made at the time?"—he said he had omitted it—Mr. Smith said, "I don't feel satisfied, I should like to see what you have in your pocket"—he gave him his purse, in which was a check and some money—he then put his hand into his pocket, and pulled out some silver, and amongst it were these eight marked shillings, which I now produce—Mr. Smith asked in what drawer he had placed what he bought—he said he seemed to know all about it, and he did not say.
(William Smart, a coal-merchant; Matthew Bramer, a coal-merchant; Edward Smith, a cheesemonger; Thomas Knight, a butcher; William Howell, a plumber; Charles Meredith, a painter; James Newman, a currier; Thomas Wheeler; David Probert, a carpenter; Ambrose Cook, a tailor; David Bowyer; and John Ingliss, a saddler; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.

