



474. 




THOMAS ANDREWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of December, 1 wooden box, value 4d.; and 1lb. weight of cigars, value 7s.; the goods of 



William Archer.






WILLIAM ARCHER
. I keep a cigar-shop in Serle-place, Old-street-road. About eight o'clock, in the evening of the 27th of December, I was in the parlour—I saw the prisoner in the shop, leaning over, and taking something—he went out—I went after him, and met him coming towards the shop—I accused him of leaving my shop abruptly—he denied that he had been there—he then came in, and had some tobacco—I had not missed the box of cigars, and did not miss them till he had left the shop again—when he went away I found that the box of cigars had been stolen exactly from the part where he had been leaning over—I have not seen them since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. This was Sunday afternoon? A. Yes—I was sitting in the parlour, with a glass door shut—there were two gas-lights in the shop—I ran out directly—the shop is about a dozen yards long—he came in for some tobacco, and a man came in after him—they lighted their pipes, then went away, and the moment they left a boy came in and told me something—I went to look for them, but could not find them—I gave information to the policeman.





WILLIAM RICHARDSON
. I live with my parents. On the evening of the 27th of December I saw the prisoner in company with two others—I was outside the prosecutor's shop, looking in at the window—I saw the prisoner go into the shop, and take a box of cigars off the counter—he passed it to another man, and man went down Wood-street, and I told what I saw.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not say you were afraid to tell Mr. Archer, for you thought some one would hurt you? A. Yes—I live in Vincent-street, Old-street—I was going on an errand—I called the prisoner "Tom Andrews"—I knew him by sight—I did not know where he lived—I did not speak to any policeman about him—he was dressed in a fustian jacket and trowsers, and a white apron—one of the other men was dressed in a white jacket, and a kind of a rough hat—the man that ran away with the cigars was dressed in fustian—I have known the prisoner a long while, by seeing him in the street—I heard the policeman say "Tem Andrews"—I did not know his name before.





STEPHEN MANSFIELD
 (police-constable N 233.) I took the prisoner in charge—he resisted at first.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you take him? A. About ten o'clock at night—I heard his name from the sergeant at the station—I did not tell

Richardson his name, be might have heard it—I first saw Richardson on the Thursday morning—I took the prisoner on the Wednesday night.




GUILTY
.** Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
