



2902. 




HENRY WILLIAM MORLEY
 was again indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly receiving, on the 
17th of Sept., of a certain evil-disposed person, 1 leather bag, value 1l. 10s.; 1 dressing-case, 2l.; 2 razors, 20s.; 1 strop, 5s.; 1 comb, 2s.; 1 tongue-scraper, 4s.; 1 corkscrew, 2s.; 3 glasses and cover, 15s.; 1 bottle, 6s.; 4 brushes, 4s.; 3 knives, 3s.; 2 pairs of scissors, 2s.; 1 pair of tweezers, 1s.; and 1 button-hook, 1s.; the goods of 



Gilbert Farquhar Graeme Mathison.


MR. CARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCES LOKER
. I am ladies'-maid in the service of Mr. Gilbert Farquhar Graeme Mathison, of No. 2, Royal Mint, Tower-hill. On the 29th of Aug. I was at No. 20, Lower Grosvenor-street—I packed up a dressing-case, some brushes, shoes, slippers, a toilet-glass, and a quantity of articles, in a black leather bag and a carpet bag—I cannot swear which bag the dressing-case was in, but I think it was in the black bag—the brushes and shoes were in the carpet bag—after I packed them, I brought the bags down, and placed them in the hall—the footman packed the carriage—when we got to the Euston-square railway-station, we missed them—I did not see them after I put them in the hall—the articles now produced were in those bags, and are to property of Mr. Mathison.

Cross-examined by
MR. HOWARTH. Q. How did you become acquainted

with his name? A. I have seen him write his name, and finding it necessary to state the whole of his names, I particularly inquired of my mistress after I had been to the office—I did not see the carriage loaded—part of the things were packed in master's own carriage, and part in a cab—I do not know whether the bags were put into the carriage or cab—they were all directed, but there is no direction on the bags now—when I packed this black bag, it had a card upon it, directed" 6. Mathison, Esq., passenger to Rugby"—was locked.





JOHN HAYNES
 (police-inspector.) On Saturday, the 16th of Sept., I went to the prisoner's house, No. 36, Dean-street, Soho, and went into the back parlour, which is used as a bed-room—I understood from Mrs. Morley that it was their bed-room, and the prisoner was in the house at the time—the front parlour was used as his shop—in a chest of drawers in the bed-room I found this dressing-case, these shoes, slippers, brushes, and toilet-glass—they were in different drawers, among other things—next day I went again, having left one of my man in charge of the house—I searched a cupboard on the landing, and received the keys from Mrs. Morley to unlock it—I there found, among other articles, this carpet bag, and this black leather bag, both broken open—the black bag is still locked, but the rivet is completely forced on—this carpet bag was also locked—that has merely a common padlock—almost any common padlock-key would unlock it, but the other is a patest lock.

Cross-examined. Q. Did these things appear to be placed in the drawen for concealment, or merely to keep the room tidy? A. The drawers were a a very tidy state—they were among clean linen, and such articles—there were other articles in the cupboard—it was a sort of lumber place.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.—(See page 1101.)
