



1779. 




JOSEPH HARMAN
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Benjamin Golding, on the 
14th of June, at 
Pinner, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 pairs of trowsers, value 1l. 1s. the goods of 



George Moore; 1 coat, value 1l. 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 12s.; 1 pair of gaiters, value 6s.; 1 smock-frock, value 2s.; 1 pair of boots, value 7s.; 3 shawls, value 1l. 4s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 4s. 6d.; 1 pair of earrings, value 3s.; 12 spoons, value 4s.; and 168 farthings; the property of 



Benjamin Golding.






BENJAMIN GOLDING
. I live at Hocksey, in the parish of Pinner—I keep the house. On the 14th of June, 1841, I left home about five o'clock in the morning—I went home to breakfast at eight, and left about half-put eight—I left my wife at home—my wife sent for me about nine—I came home, and missed the articles stated—they were all my Sunday clothes—I have since seen them at the pawnbroker's—I have known the prisoner from a boy—I had seen him about the neighbourhood, but not for the last few years.





GEORGE MOORE
. I left two pairs of trowsers at the prosecutor's house—I have since seen them in the hands of the pawnbroker.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You left them more than a year ago? A. yes.





FRANCIS WILLIAMS
. I am shopman to Mr. Thompson, of East-street, Manchester-square. I produce a coat, a pair of breeches, a pair of gaiters, and a silk handkerchief, pawned on the 14th of June, 1841, I have no means of telling the time of day, in the name of John Oxford.





JOSEPH HIGGS
 (police-sergeant S 30.) On the 6th of June. 1 apprehended the prisoner in St. Bartholomew's-hospital—(the prosecutor had been to visit the prisoner's sister, and saw some of his property there)—I told him the charge, and produced to him these three shawls, which I had found—I told him we had got them from his sister's, at No. 15, Brewer-street, Golden-square—he said he hoped his sister would not get into trouble, and he would go with me to the pawnbroker's, and show me where the rest of the things were—I found a pair of shoes and trowsers, at Button's, No. 20, John-street, Edgeware-road, and at Mr. Thompson's, East-street, Manchester-square, which the prisoner pointed out, a coat, handkerchief, and pair of trowsers—the following day I went to Mr. Mill's, a pawnbroker, and found this pair of trowsers and waistcoat.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he ill at the hospital; confined as a patient? A. Yes—I do not know how long he had been there—they did not refuse my taking him away—I took him away that day—I took him to the clerk of the hospital, and he said, "Very well"—he was ill then—hit sister told me he was going to leave the hospital that day—I heard on the 3rd of

June, that he was at a hospital in London, but I did not know which—I went to several hospitals.





REBECCA GOLDING
. These trowsers I know to be my brother's, George Moore—the other things are all my husband's, and were in the house on the morning of the 14th of June, last year—I went out soon after eight to the bay-field, I came home soon after nine, and found the window broken, and not quite shut—I had left it quite fast, and taken the key of the door with me—the things were gone—my husband saw the prisoner go by that morning, about a quarter of an hour before we came home, with a heavy load on his back—there was a box broken open, and a knife by the side, which I think is the same that I had seen the prisoner eat hit victuals with when he was at my house—I went with the officer, when he pointed out the shops, and these things were found at the shops he pointed out.





BENJAMIN GOLDING

re-examined by
ME. DOANE. I have no reason to believe that any body else was concerned in the robbery—I was afraid at the time that my own brother was concerned in it—I never said before this happened that I was afraid the prisoner would get into some trouble for keeping company with my brother, or that the prisoner would come to no good—I cannot tell where my brother is—I last saw him last March—I cannot tell where he was at the time of this robbery, or where he ought to have been living—I swear that—I have seen my brother with the prisoner—he lived with him, I believe—I do not know the prisoner's parents—I do not know that they lived at Hayes—I lived at Hayes, and I knew the prisoner a boy there—I believe it was while he was in the service of a gentleman there that he became acquainted with my brother—I never saw him drinking with my brother—I knew where my brother was then—he called on me, and I gave them both something to eat—I never made any remark about his getting into difficulties—I made a remark about my brother's going about in this way—he was not a steady man—I cannot tell where he is—he was rambling from a youth, and it was out of my power to restrain him—my character is firm and steady—I cannot help what my brother does—I never said I had reason to suppose my brother might have led the prisoner into it.





JOHN HARRIS
. I am a policeman. I found a pair of pincers and a knife on the prosecutor's premises, about a quarter past eleven o'clock—I compared the pincers with the box, and it corresponded with the place where a piece was broken off.





JOHN BUTTON
. I live in John-street, Edgeware-road. I remember Higgs, bringing the prisoner to my shop—the prisoner asked for the things he had pledged, which I afterwards found according to his description—the trowsers and a pair of half-lace boots or shoes produced.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Transported for Ten Years.
