




271. 




ELIZABETH HILLERY
 and 




ELLEN HANDLEY



; stealing 6 shawls, value 27s.; the goods of 



Miles Fawcett: Handley having been before convicted: to which


HILLERY pleaded 


GUILTY
.† Aged 24.—



Confined Six Months.






MARIA LOUISA FAWCSTT
. My husband's name is Miles; he is a draper, at 111, Lamheth-walk. On 5th Dec, soon after six o'clock in the evening, the prisoners came to the shop, and went to a pile of six shawls at the end of the counter—when I came down from the top of the shop they both had I hold of one shawl, which Hillery pretended she was looking at, and wished, to purchase—I showed her two or three others—she said she did not like any of them—she took the ticket off the one she was looking at, and threw it down on the counter—I afterwards pinned it on again—I thought their manner very suspicious, and told them 1 did not believe they came in to purchase a shawl at all; I thought they came in to steal, and 1 should not let them go till they were searched—I said I would first look and see bow many shawls I missed—I looked over them, missed five, but did not say so—I was coming round to search them, when a boy came in and took bold of the shawls from under Hillery's clothes, and put them on the counter—I gave them into custody—these (produced) are the shawls—there were six tied together, and they were exactly as they now are—Handley stood by Hillery's side, on the opposite side of the counter to me—she was not doing anything—she stood so as to screen Hillery—Mrs. Wetton was in the shop at the time and stood close to me, and another person also, who went out, there was no light at the end of the shop, where I and Mrs. Wetton were, and they could not see us when they came in—they bought nothing—they came in twice.

Handley. Q. Did not I tell you Hillery did not want to buy a shawl? A. Yes; you said she had not money to purchase one—you said you came in to ask me to let you have half a yard of ribbon you had been looking at about ten days before—I had seen you frequently before—you did not ask for the ribbon when you came in.





AMELIA REDKNAPP WETTON
. I was at the back part of the shop, where I could see the prisoners, but they could not see me—I watched them, and saw Hillery pull the pile of shawls, and drop them by her side—I saw Mrs. Fawcett showing them shawls, and I thought Hillery picked up those she bad dropped, till I saw her shuffling about—I thought it was very suspicious—Handley stood as if trying to shield the other from sight—they gave their address, and I went with them to see where they lived—I stopped with Hillery while Handley went, as she said, to fetch Hillery's mistress—she came back, and said, "Don't tell her mistress, or she may lose her place; take a shilling and have something to drink, and say nothing about it."





JOHN RUSSELL. I
 am fourteen years old, and am in Mr. Fawcetts employ—I saw the fringe of the shawls hanging round Hillery's heels.





HENRY MORTON
 (policeman L 63.) I apprehended Handley the nextday—no money was found on either of them—they do not live together, but associate constantly.





SAMUEL BRINE
 (policeman, E 33). I produce a certificate of Handley's

conviction—(read—Convicted May, 1848, of stealing 20 yards of printed cotton, confined three months)—I am quite sure she is the person.

HANDLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

