



1393. 




THOMAS ANSON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 desk, value 3l.; 10 spoons, 2l. 10s.; I butter-knife, 10s. 6d.; 1 snuff-box, 1l.; 1 neck-chain, 7l. 7s.; 1 locket and miniature, 5l. 5s.; 1 cigar-tube, 6d.; 1 paper-knife, 1s.; 1 pipe, 1s.; and 10 sovereigns, the property of 



Daniel M'Beath, his master, in his dwelling house.



MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL M'BEATH
. On the 28th of March last I kept the Robert's Arms, Devonport-street, Commercial-road. I went to Gravesend on that day—I left a desk in my dining-room first floor—it contained eight sovereigns, about 2l. in silver, some silver spoons, a gold chain, and some articles of jewellery belonging to Mrs. M'Beath—I returned on the 29th, and found that the desk had been removed into the bar parlour in my absence—I took it up stairs again where it had been before—on the Monday morning I opened it, and put in it two sovereigns and a silver snuff-box—on Tuesday, at four o'clock, I went to put in three more sovereigns, and the desk was gone—I called my wife and niece, and asked if they had removed it—I then spoke to the prisoner, who was my potman, saying my desk was gone, and asked if he knew anything of it—he said, "No"—I gave him into custody—he was remanded, and kept in custody for a fortnight, and there being no further evidence he was then discharged—ray family consisted of myself, my wife, my niece, and the prisoner—we had no female servant—some time after I heard of the prisoner being taken up—I had then let the house to a Mrs. Harris and removed.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you give any directions to the prisoner when you went to Gravesend as to his not leaving the house? A. Yes, I told him not to leave the house till I returned—he was frequently in the habit of going out, and into low company—my wife is not here—I did not Know she was required—Murray, the policeman, told me that the prisoner had met with an accident, and I went to the hospital to see him—he told me he found a difficulty in getting another situation, in consequence of the imputation of having robbed me—he expressed a wish to tell me about it, but he did not do so—he was suffering from pain in his hand—he had received a severe injury—I am not aware that his life was in danger—the prisoner did not sleep in the house on the Monday night—a sailor slept in the house that night—I was obliged to keep him to take out my beer at eight o'clock, in consequence of the prisoner's absconding—that was before I missed the desk—I saw the desk last about nine o'clock on Monday morning—the prisoner went out at seven o'clock, staid out all that night, and came back next morning—he made an excuse, and said he would never do so again—he had frequently done so before—he is fond of the other sex I believe—I missed the desk after he returned.





CATHERINE HAWKES
. I was living with my uncle, Mr. M'Beath, in Devonport-street, Commercial-road. I remember my uncle going to Gravesend—after he was gone the prisoner brought the desk down out of the upper room—he shook it, and there was a jingling sound—he looked at my aunt and said, "I can hear your locket and chain is here, Ma'am"—she said, "Yes it is"—he shook it again and said, "There is something besides that in here"—my aunt said, "Yes, all we are possessed of is here; if this desk was to go we should be ruined"—the desk was then put on the sofa—I did not see it opened—my uncle came home on the 29th, about ten o'clock, and carried it up stairs again—on Tuesday, the 2nd of April, he missed it—there was no one in the house that went into that room but my uncle, my aunt, the prisoner and myself—the prisoner slept in one of the bed-rooms up stairs—there was no female servant.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you nobody assisting in the house? A. No—there was a sailor that used to be in and out, but I do not know whether he

was in the house then—I did not go to bed till my uncle and aunt went—the sailor did not sleep in the house, or go up stairs, to my knowledge.





GEORGE MURRAY
 (police-constable K 68.) I took the prisoner into custody on the charge of stealing the desk—he was detained in custody a fortnight, and then liberated, in consequence of our not being able to find the property—one Saturday morning, a few days after he had been discharged, I saw him in Vinegar-lane, coming along with his hand wrapped up—he had hurt it by the bursting of a pistol, and seeing him in much pain, I took him to the hospital—he was in a very excited state, and in great pain—his hand had been bound up by one of our medical gentleman—he said he bought the pistols to shoot the b—woman (one of the women in the neighbourhood)—we were obliged to be very violent to make him stop at the hospital—after getting him into bed, and as I was about leaving him, he called me back and said, "I will tell you all about it—you will find the desk in the water-butt"—I said, "Do you mean in Vinegar-lane?"—he said, "No, in Mrs. Harris's water-butt"—Mrs. Harris is the person who then occupied Mr. M'Beath's house—I went to the water-butt and there found this desk, containing this paper-knife, snap, cigar-tube, and pipe—the money and trinkets were all gone—this part of an iron grate was in the desk, which would have the effect of sinking it—I found this shot on the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find any letter on him? A. No, nor did he speak of any—he did not say he had had a letter giving him information—it was before the prosecutor saw him at the hospital that I had the conversation with him—I told him what the prisoner had told me, and took him to the hospital—the prisoner wanted to see his mistress, and I fetched Mrs. Harris—he did not mention the name of any man—no letter or duplicate was found.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What did he want Mrs. Harris for? A. He said he should like very much to see her, that he was particularly partial to her, and indeed she was a very motherly old lady—she is the mother of Mrs. M'Beath—the house is in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stebonheath—it is commonly called Stepney.





DANIEL M'BEATH

re-examined. This is my desk, and the things in it—it also contained six silver tea-spoons, two table-spoons, two mustard-spoons, and some little articles belonging to my wife; a ring or two, a locket, with a gold frame, a neck-chain, a check for 100/. and the title-deeds to some property of mine in Scotland, all of which are gone—I stopped the check, but I have not got the value of it.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

