



814. 




JAMES ROBINSON



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Cummings, at 
St. Pancras, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 10s.; and 1 cap, 5s.; his property: having been before convicted.






HENRY EDWARDS
 (policeman.) On Monday evening, 14th Feb., about half-past six o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Albert-street, Camdentown, with two others—he was dressed in a flannel-jacket, and had no coat on—about half an hour afterwards I saw him come down Albert-street again—he then had this coat on (produced)—the others got away—I stopped him, and asked him whose coat it was—he said it was his own—at the station he said he found it in the king's-road—I searched the pockets, and found two papers, which led me to Mr. Cumming's—his house is in the parish of St. Pancras.





SARAH CUMMINGS.
 I am the wife of John Cummings of 10, albert-street—it is his dwelling-house—this is his coat, I saw it safe on the sofa in the

parlour, about half-past six or a quarter to seven o'clock on the Monday evening—I went up stairs to put the children to bed, and left all the doors shut—the street-door was locked—it is a cottage-house—there is also a kitchen-door, which goes out into the front—that was locked—the back door was shut, and the gardengate also—I came down in about five minutes, and found the doors all wide open, except the one I had left locked—I did not miss the coat till the policeman brought it next morning—the only person in the house besides me was my daughter, who is about eleven years old—she went up stairs with me, was with me all the time, and came down with me—my son came in as I came down stairs—he knocked at the kitchen door, which was looked—he was not in the house when I went up stairs.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. What room had you been into last, before you went up stairs? A. The front parlour, where the coat was, before I went up stairs I had been in the kitchen—the door was latched—I had been out to let one of the men out about five minutes before, and shut the door after him—nother particular called my attention to the coast before I went up stairs it was in its usual place—I had no occasion to look for it when I came down—I did not miss it till I looked about to see if anything was gone.





PHILLIP GILLIAN
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read-Convicted, 1845, and confined six months)—I was present—he is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Lord Chief Baron Pollock

