



1001. 



JOSEPH CANNON, alias
 Banks

, was indicted

 for feloniously uttering counterfeit coin, having been previously convicted of a like offence.


MR. ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Joseph Cannon with another at this Court, in Jan. 1844—I have examined it with the original—it is a true copy.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How did you examine it? A. I examined first the original and then the copy—another person read it—(read.)





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-sergeant.) I was present when the prisoner was tried and convicted, in June, 1844, of uttering a counterfeit half-sovereign—I was the officer in the case, and have not the least doubt of him.





HENRY WILSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Roberts, a draper, in the Commercial-road. On the 28th of April, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came into the shop for change for a sovereign—I gave him half a sovereign and 10s. in silver, half-crowns I think, but I cannot be certain they were all half-crowns—I can swear the half-sovereign I gave him was good, for I had weighed it only ten minutes before—it was with other gold, but I had no other half-sovereign—I am certain it was full weight—there is a ledge which projects from the desk, I put the change there—I gave the half-sovereign first, and while I was looking out the silver he said, "I don't like the looks of this half-sovereign"—he put it on the ledge again—I said, "If you object to it I will give you silver for it, I am certain it is good"—I gave him silver for it, and put the half-sovereign which I received from him into the till again, where there was no other half-sovereign—he "walked out, and Francis Reader came in immediately—In consequence of what he said I looked at the till, and examined the sovereign I bad received from him, which I had put into the same till—it was good, but the half-sovereign was counterfeit—there was but that one half-sovereign—I could tell it by the weight of it and the appearance altogether—I only weighed it in my hand, and I had bad weighed the other in the scales—Reader went to get a constable, and brought back Frazer, K 121, with the prisoner—I marked the half-sovereign and gave it to Frazer—the prisoner said, did I wish to charge him with passing a half-sovereign—I said, "Yes"—he asked me to let him look at it—I said, "No, certainly not"—he said, rather than have any noise about it, if I would give it him he would give me 10s. for it—I refused.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Does any other person serve in the shop besides you? A. Yes, several—I took the sovereign up, and put it into the till, and gave him silver without further investigation, though he told me he did not like the look of it—I did not discover that it was light when I took it up, from being so certain before.





DONALD FRAZER
 (police-constable if 121.) On the 21st of April I was called by Reader'—in conseguence of what he said I took the prisoner in charge—I got a half-sovereign from Eliza Whitmore, which I produce—I searched the prisoner at the station, which is about one-eigbth of a mile from where I took him—I found on him 20s. in silver, all good, but no half-sovereign—I took him about fifty yards from the shop—I had seen him come of the shop—I took him to the station—I did not search him till there.





ELISABETH WHITMORE
. My husband is a haberdasher: we live in Portland-place, Cambridge-heath, Bethnal-green. On Tuesday, the 28th of April, about half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to the shop and asked for a shirt collar, which came to 6d.—he gave me a sovereign—I had not change, and gave it to the little girl to go in the neighbourhood and get it—he saw that, and after the child was gone he said he hoped she would not bring all silver—I said, "Most gentlemen prefer silver, and if you object to it I can give you half a sovereign"—the little girl returned with all silver—in consequence of what passed between me and the prisoner I took 10s. of the change and proceeded to get the half-sovereign

from the cash-box, which was in a little shop parlour adjoining the shop—I found a lialf-sovereign iu the cash-box—I only bad that one in the house—I had taken it myself the evening before, and had examined it—it was a remarkably bright one, quite new—I weighed it in the scales—it was a vtry good one—I gave it to him, and after giving it him I turned round to put the silver into the cash-box—I turned my back to him, and when I turned round again, he said, "This is a bad half-sovereign," and gave me a half-sovereign which I am sure was not the same which I had given him—I said, "A bad one"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Well, it is very strange; it was good last night, and I am sure it was good when I gave it to you"—it was not td bright as the one I had given him, and I saw at once it was not the same—I told him so—I took up my scales and weighed it before him—it was a very bad one indeed—he said it was the same I had given him—he had one glove on his left hand, and the other glove twisted round one of his fingers—this raised my suspicion—I requested him to take his gloves off—he said he felt himself very much insulted—he took off his gloves and shook them both—I do not think I took hold of them myself—he said he was sorry he had come into the shop at all, but took notice of my name on the shop and left—as soon as he left I went to Mr. Whale, a neighbour, and showed him the half-sovereign—he went in pursuit of the prisoner—I followed, and met him bringing the prisoner back—I said to him, "This is a bad half-sovereign you have given me, I am sure"—he said give it to him again, half a sovereign was of no consequence to him—I gave it him, he put it into his mouth directly, and gave me four half-crowns—I allowed him—to go—I had given him the 10.?. back when he said it was a bad half-sovereign, and was left with the bad half-sovereign and nothing for it at first—he was not dressed as he if now—I think he had a blue frock coat on—his appearance was very respectable—her had a cane with a silver head.

Cross-examined by
MR. BRIERLY. Q. You are quite certain you cannot be mistaken in the person? A. Quite—I looked particularly at him—I never saw a person put money into his mouth before, when he was waiting to receive change—I am quite sure I had not another half-sovereign—it was about twenty minutes to three o'clock when I met him coming back.





GEORGE WHALE
. I am a cheesemonger, and live near Mrs. Whitmore—Mrs. Whitmore came to my shop about half-past two o'clock and showed me a half-sovereign, which was very bad—in consequence of what she said I went out, and about 200 yards on the Cambridge Heath-road overtook the prisoner—I asked him if he had been into a shop to buy a collar—he said yes—I said he had passed a half-sovereign there they did not approve of—I asked him to step back with me—he said, "Yes, certainly"—as we went back we met Mrs. Whitmore—I saw him receive the bad half-sovereign from her and give her good silver—he put it to his mouth—whether he took it out again I do oot know—he went away—I met Mr. Cane, a neighbour, a plumber and glazier—I told him, and we followed him about half a mile, nearly to Cleveland-street—he went in a direction towards the Commercial-road—I lost sight of him in Mile-end-road—I did not notice him do anything as he went along—"Cane came back with me—we met Reader, who said he would follow him, and we left.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure he is the same person? A. Quite, by his features—his whiskers have been taken off since, I think—he said, "I don't value the half-sovereign," and put it to his lips—persons do not often put money in their mouths—I have not seen it done very frequently.





FRANCIS READER
. I live in Cleveland-street, Mile-end-road. On the

28th of April, at twenty minutes to three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner and Whale and a policeman near my house—I went up to them—something was said about his having passed a bad half-sovereign—he was allowed to go—in consequence of what I heard I followed the prisoner—I saw him join a man and woman at the Blind Beggar, public-bouse in Whitechapel-road, about 300 yards from where I first saw him—they were together about eight minutes, then parted company—the prisoner went towards Whitechapel-church—the man and woman went in an opposite direction—I and a policeman followed him into the Commercial-road—the man and woman had joined him again on the opposite side of the public-house—they went about half a mile together towards Limehouse—they were in the Commercial-road together—that policeman left me, and Frazer, another policeman, joined me—the prisoner left the man and woman and went into Roberta's shop—the man and woman went on by the door—on the prisoner coming out I went into the shop and made inquiry—the man and woman were about 200 yards from the shop at that time—in consequence of what was told me in the shop, I came out and pointed the prisoner out to Frazer—he pursued him, and took him into custody a very short distance from the shop—he had not got up to the other two, but had gone in the same direction.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. This half-sovereign is counterfeit in all respects—the composition of it is white metal, not platina—it is Britannia metal—the gravity of it is about 8 to 19 as compared to gold—platina weighs rather more than a half-sovereign—this does not weigh so much by half.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Would there be any difficulty in a person finding it out as soon as they took it up? A. I should think it very easily indeed.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

