






1252. 



WILLIAM COOPER,


 DANIEL GADD,


 JAMES HENESSEY
, and 



JOHN IRONS
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charlotte Stevenson, on the 
17th of March, at 
St. George, and stealing therein 1 piece of handkerchiefs, value 17s., the goods of the said 



Charlotte Stevenson; and that Gadd had been previously convicted of felony.






WILLIAM ARGENT
(police-constable H 126.) On Thursday night, the 17th of March, I was sent to watch the shop window of Mrs. Stevenson, of 143, Ratcliff-highway—I was in plain clothes—about seven o'clock I saw the four prisoners come to the window together—they separated two or three different times, and whistled—I lost them, but they came back, and about ten minutes to eight I saw Cooper go to the window—the other three stood behind—he pushed the glass in and drew these handkerchiefs out—the other three remained at the window—Cooper crossed over and crossed again to Denmark-street, the same side as Mrs. Stevenson's shop—the other three kept at the window—I went after Cooper—he began to run up the street—I ran after him, and finding somebody after him he threw the handkerchiefs down in the street—they had been in company for nearly an hour together—I caught him—he said, "I did not steal them"—I said I had seen him—I brought him back to the shop with the handkerchiefs—they were identified, and he was detained—the three others were then gone—I am certain they had been together and talking together, and at the time Cooper pushed the glass in—they stood behind him dose at his back, covering him while he did it—the others might have got more things from the window when I ran after Cooper—I did not see them again until next morning, when I took Henessey at No. 1, Sugarloaf-court, Essex-street, Whitechapel, in a room where there was several girls and boys—I told him I wanted him for a robbery in the Highway—he dewed being in the Highway—he said he was not down there—I mentioned Mrs. Stevenson's shop—he denied having been there—I took the others on the Thursday morning following, between six and seven, at No. 2, in the same court—Irons was getting up the chimney, and Gadd was in bed—I just saw Irons' feet up the chimney, and he came rolling down.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You were in plain clothes watching? A. Yes, on both sides of the way—when they were at the window I was on the opposite side—I crossed several times—they passed me, and I passed them—there was people going to and fro in the street—they returned to the shop from time, to time I should think nine or ten times in the course of the hour—they went backwards and forwards, crossed the street, separated, and whistled to one another.—I cannot say who whistled, but it was the same party—there was nobody whistled but them—I had known them some time before—I was on the opposite side when they came to the window at first, but was on the same side when Cooper broke the window—it was after dark—the lamps were lighted

—there was quite light enough there—I saw no other boys about the place I kept my eye on them—other boys might pass up and down—when any of them went away they might go about twenty yards—I was by the side of them at times—I was standing close to the shop when they came down again—the others joined them on the other side of the shop, and crossed and came back again to the shop—I observed them all conversing together—Cooper crossed over after he took the handkerchiefs—he went ten or twelve yards, then crossed and ran—nothing more was lost from the shop.

JURY. Q. Did he put his hand through the glass or cut it? A. it put his hand through—when I went to look for the glass it was gone-it had been starred overnight, which was the reason why I was sent to watch that night.

COURT. Q. Are you sure it was only starred before, and there was not an aperture through which a hand might be put? A. No, it was only stand—I did not hear any noise when it was pushed in—I was not above two yards from them—I saw Cooper's hand go in, and draw the handkerchiefs out—be bad an apron on, and stood, close to the window—he drew the handkerchiefs out, put them under his apron, and carried them into Denmark-street.





THOMAS WILLIAM BROWN
. I am shopman to Charlotte Stevenson, of Nos. 144 and 145, Ratcliffe-highway, St. George's-in-the-East—she carries on the business of an out-fitter and draper. On the night of the 16th I went outside the shop, and saw the four prisoners leave the window—l am certain of them—I have seen them about the neighbourhood—we hare had so much glass broken lately that we sent to the station, and desired a man might come to watch—for the last three weeks we had paid above 2l. for glass which had been broken—I noticed the window was starred-then were four holes in the putty, and at the top the glass was cracked in two or three different ways, but none of it out—this was the night before the robbery—the pane bad been put in about two days, having been starred only a few days before—the putty was fresh—I have seen the prisoners several times before at the window, and Henessey has watched me about the same as a cat watches a mouse to see if I was looking after him—Argent was set to watch the window, and on the 17th I saw them all four again, two or three times before Cooper was brought in by the officer, with piece✗ of handkerchiefs, worth 17s.—it has our mark on it—I bad put it in the window about a quarter to seven—I was with the officer when he took Henessey, and pointed him out—also when he took Gadd and Irons—I said to Gadd, "Now you get up, let us have a look at you"—he said, "Oh, I was not 'in the way' that night"—I had not mentioned any "way"—he either said " way" or "highway"—the piece of glass was quite safe till about seven that night—I afterwards found the bottom part of the square shoved in and taken away altogether—it was taken clean out—there was no broken piece inside.

Cross-examined. Q. According to your recollection he said "in the way?" A. To the best of my recollection—I have seen Henessey about more than the others—he watched me from door to door—he has watched me more than the others—I never observed the other three together with out him—the four were always together passing the shop and at the window—I have observed them for a fortnight about our place—I have not noticed

any others—I am not mistaken in the prisoners—I know them well, and they know me—we have had several squares cut in each window lately.

Cooper's Defence. The policeman came up to me, and said, "Where did you get this handkerchief from?" I said, "What handkerchief?" He said, "This." I did not give him any answer; he took me back to the shop, and said I stole them. I was never near the window at all; the policeman had the handkerchiefs in his hand when he came up to me. I never saw them.





WILLIAM ARGENT

re-examined. I followed him up till he threw them: down in the street—I did not take the handkerchief up till I took him. Henessys Defence. I was out all day till about five o'clock, and then went to the play, without my parent's leave; it was about one when I came my, and I did not like to go home. I was afraid father would beat me—I went to Richard-street, and gave 3d. for a bed; in the morning, when I was thinking of getting up, this gentleman came up with another, and said, "Whose cap is this?" I said, "Mine;" he said, "Well, you are one of the boys who was at my shop last night, stealing handkerchiefs." I said I was not; he said, "This is the chap that was at my shop last night stealing handkerchiefs; "and he should soon see, if I got up, if I was the boy; I was not there at all.





THOMAS WILLIAM BROWN

re-examined. I said, "This is one of them, there is his cap," pointing to it—I said, "Get up, you must go with the-policeman."

Irons's Defence. I had a job in the Minories, and had to go to the Elephant and Castle. I was not back till ten o'clock. I went to my lodging, and in the morning the gentleman came I happened to be taking my jacket off the stove, and he said I was getting up the chimney, and the policeman said so too; I was only taking my jacket off the stove.





THOMAS WILLIAM BROWN

re-examined. When he came down he was like a regular-sweep, all over soot—the stove and all came down—he said be had put his jacket up the chimney to take care of it

Irons. He said, "I think that is one of them," and the policeman, took, me to the station with Gadd.





JOHN FFELAN
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Gadd's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the boy.
(Honora Tobin, of New-street, Bishopsgate, gave Henessy a good character.)

COOPER—


GUILTY
. ✗

GADD*—


GUILTY
. ✗

HENESSY—


GUILTY
. ✗





TransPorted for Ten Years.

IRONS-

GUILTY
. ✗
