



1325. 




HENRY WARE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of April, 5 scarfs, value 2l. 18s., the goods of 



Edward Lodge; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM JONES
. I am shopman to Edward Lodge, of the Strand. About a quarter-past nine o'clock on Thursday night, the 8th of April, the prisoner came to the shop, and requested to look at a scarf that was in the window—I took it out, an I told him it was 30s.—he said he wished it

for a friend, who would be in in a few minutes—I asked him to sit down and wait—after a short time, he asked if I had any about 20s.—I produced a bundle, part of which were these scarfs—I showed him one with a flower on, which was 26s.—he said he liked it, and would take it—he held it up to the light, and said he could not see through it, and with the other hand he took these scarfs—he gave me an address, and said he would have that, but wait till his friend came—I took the scarfs to the end of the counter, and then intended to go round to shut the door, because I had seen him take the scarfs—he had put some behind his coat, and dropped some on the floor—he took them up and went out, I followed him, and saw the policeman—he was taken, and threw these scarfs away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long was he in the shop? A. About a quarter of an hour—I was standing close to him—I was on one side of the counter and he was on the other—I saw him take them off the counter—I could not lay hold of him then—I thought it was better to shut the door—the scarfs were thrown away nearly opposite Northumberland House, in the Strand, about thirty or forty yards from Mr. Lodge's—I saw the prisoner stoop—I saw the things thrown away the very moment before he was stopped—there might be thirty people about.





JOHN MONTGOMERY
 (police-sergeant F 4.) I took the prisoner—I picked up one of these scarfs at his feet.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-constable F 11.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which is got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person who was convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
