



2421. 




PATRICK HARVEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously cutting and wounding 



Robert Hannant, in and upon his head, face, arms, and breast, with intent to murder him.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to maim.—3rd COUNT, to disable.—4th COUNT, to do some grievous bodily harm.—5th COUNT, to resist and prevent his lawful apprehension and detainer.


MESSRS. BODKIN and CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT HANNANT
 (police-constable N 325.) I have been in the police force eight years—about the 15th of Sept. I was instructed by my sergeant and Mr. Risley to watch one of Risley's fields, at Winchmore-hill, Edmonton—I went there a little before two o'clock in the morning, and placed myself in a tree in the field—I had been there an hour and a half, or more—there were cows in the field—about twenty minutes to four o'clock I saw the prisoner come towards the tree where I was, within six or seven yards of where I stood—he was in his police clothes—he was a policeman at the time, and was on duty near that spot, in the road, about 120 yards from the spot in the field where I saw him—the cows were lying within thirty yards of me—he turned to where the cows laid—he put

one of them up and drove it towards the fence—I saw him stoop towards the cow, as if in the act of milking it—it was a dark morning, but the cow was white—I stepped up nearly to him, and heard as if milk rattled into some vessel—I think he saw me, for he got up from the cow—I approached him, and said, "Harvey, you villain, what are you about?"—he said, "What do you mean?" and at the time I heard something rattle behind him in his pocket, as if it was milk—it was the noise of something running down on the ground—I flew to get hold of it—I went up to him, and got hold of his hand, which was behind him—he had his great-coat on, which had pocket behind—I succeeded in getting hold of his hand, and felt it was wet—he tried to trip me up—we had a scuffle, and both fell—I was on the top—I succeeded in taking a bottle from his great-coat pocket—it contained milk—being white, I could see, and it was warm—while he was on the ground, he said, "Hannant, for God's sake, forgive me, I know I am guilty; forgive me, for the sake of my wife and dear children; for God's sake, forgive me"—I said I could not—he then asked me to let him get up, which I did—I had hold of his collar—he asked me to take hold of his hand which I did—he asked what I intended to do with him—I said I would treat him as I would anybody else—I shifted my hand from his collar to his wrist; and while in the act of putting the bottle into my own coat pocket, he attempted to get from me—my hat came off in the struggle, and he struck me a violent blow two or three times with his stave—the first blow was on the top of my head—I found myself stunned, and lost my sight, with that blow—I could not hear or see—I shifted my hold then, and got hold of his collar—he struck me two or three times—I think I recollect his Have breaking—I think then we went on the ground, but I lost my recollection for a time from the effects of the blow—when I came to my recollection, I was up, and had hold of him by the collar, and he was biting my hand to get clear from me—here are the scars now—I felt my head, and felt a hole in it and the blood was running from all quarters of my head—I said, "Harvey, you villain, you have murdered me"—he said, "No, I have not; leave go of me, and lay on my coat"—he was then in the act of getting his coat off, and threw it down on the ground, asking me to lay on it—I said, "No, Harvey, I will never leave you while I have life"—I called, "Murder," and Risley's boy, William, came to my assistance—I told him I had caught Harvey milking his master's cow, and asked him to assist me—Harvey said, "No, I have caught Hannant, "meaning me—we took him out of the field, into the road to Risley's house, the boy holding him with me—when we got near the house, the boy let go, to undo the door, and Harvey made another desperate effort to get away—he dragged me along six, seven, or ten yards, trying to get away—I have measured it since, and it is fourteen yards—assistance came, and we got him into Risley's house, as the boy came back—Risley came down, and we got further assistance—I got exhausted, and was obliged to sit down—Risley fastened the door to keep him in—I said, in Risley's presence, "Harvey, how could you serve me in the way you have done?"—he said, "B—y into you, it serves you right; you are always after me; you have always been watchine me, or dodging after me, when you have no business;" or some such words—Mr. Cresswell, the surgeon, afterwards attended me—I was not conscious of anything but the stave being used till I was stripped in the house—I then said he must have stabbed me, and found I had been stabbed in each arm, and, on looking at my coat, I found it was stabbed through—I had also one wound in my throat, others on my head and face, and one right through—I could put my tongue through one—I had a stock on—Mr. Cresswell my wouds—I was carried home afterwards—I

gave the bottle of milk to Mrs. Risley—I had a stave in my hand a little before the prisoner came into the field, and after I got into Risley's house, I think the prisoner said, "Where is your stave?"—I looked for it, and could not find it—I did not use it at all in the struggle—I never could have strength, for I was stunned from the first blow.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You say he took off his coat? A. He had his coat on one arm, and said, "No, I have not, lay on my coat"—I recollect his throwing it down, but not his taking it off—I believe he was either taking it off, or had it on his hand—I may have said he was taking it off—in the state I was in I was not confident—he had it on when I first saw him—I cannot tell whether it was buttoned up—I know Durance, a policeman—he did not come to my assistance—he came to Risley's house afterwards, I believe, but I was exhausted and insensible then—I believe I saw him—I have no doubt there was a conversation between him and the prisoner, but in the state I was in I have no recollection of what occurred—they were talking together—the prisoner has been four years and three quarters ters in the police, I believe—not so long as I have—that was the first morning I had watched the field—I am generally employed on Winchmore-hill and the green lanes—I am on the same beat occasionally—I cannot tell what became of my stave—I have no recollection of feeling for it when I was struck—I have since seen it at the police-court—I will not undertake to swear I did not strike him, but I never struck with my staff—I came from Norfolk—I never milked a cow in my life—men do not milk—I have been employed in farming, and seen cows milked.





WILLIAM FREEMAN
. I am in the service of Mr. Risley, a farmer and cowman on Winchmore-hill. On the 15th of Sept., about four o'clock in the morning, I was alarmed by a noise, and heard Hannant the prosecutor's voice—I heard him cry "Murder!"—I knew his voice—it came from the further side of master's field, where the cows were—I did not hear any other voice calling for assistance till I got close to them—I went into the field, and found Hannant and the prisoner struggling—the prosecutor called to me, "Bill, come to me, he has almost killed me, "and said, before I got up to him, "I have caught Harvey milking your cows"—the prisoner said, "No, I have caught him at it"—he was trying to get away—the prosecutor said, "Take hold of his hand or arm, and help to take him out of the field, for he will get away from me now"—I took hold of him, and assisted Hannant in taking him to master's house—when I got near master's house I let go of him, to go and unlock the door—he then tried to get from the prosecutor—I ran back, and Hannant said, "Come, Bill, or else he will get from me"—I ran back, and succeeded in getting him into master's house—I got a light—Hannant's face was covered with blood, also his cape, and the front part of his coat—his strength was almost exhausted—he could scarcely stand upright—I saw no mark of injury on the prisoner—there was some of the blood which had come from Hannant on him—master got up, and Mr. Cresswell, the surgeon, was sent for—Hannant gave mistress a bottle with milk in it—it was afterwards given to sergeant Emery—I had got up that morning to watch the cows, having lost milk before—Hannant was aware that I was going to get up that morning—I was up at the time the alarm morning—I was up at the time the alarm was given.

Cross-examined. Q. This was the time you usually get up, was it not? A. I generally get up about five o'clock, but I had been up an hour and a half—master called me at half-past two o'clock—I know the prosecutor perfectly well, and so does my master—I do not know the prisoner so well—I never heard a complaint made to the prisoner about our missing milk.

MR. PRENDERGAST
to
HANNANT. Q. Do not you know that the prisoner was

aware of the complaints about the milk being missed? A. I told him Risley had complained to me about it.





WILLIAM RISLEY
. I am a cow-keeper at Winchmore-hill. In consequence of missing milk from the cows I gave Hannant directions to watch the field where they were, and on the 14th of Sept., about four o'clock in the morning, I was called up—my boy had got up about two o'clock—I called him, but he did not go out till about four o'clock—when I was called up I heard the prosecutor say, "For God's sake, Risley, come down, for I am a murdered man"—I went down stairs—my boy, who had the key, unlocked the door—I went out and saw the prisoner trying to get from the prosecutor, tassling with him—they were about twelve yards from the door when I first saw them—my boy assisted in bringing the prisoner into the house, and while he was there Hannant said, "You cruel wretch, how could you use me so?"—he answered, "B—y into you, it serves you right; you are always looking after me"—I saw that they were all bloody, and the prosecutor was wounded wonderfully—my wife had much to do to stop the blood—the prisoner was not wounded at all—I had not given the prisoner permission to go into the field.

Cross-examined. Q. You had complained of the loss of your milk? A. Yes, to many people—I knew Hannant in the neighbourhood, but I was not more intimate with him than the prisoner—I do not know that the boy got up when I called him—he generally gets up at five o'clock.





JOSEPH MELLISH
. I am an inspector of the N division of police. My attention was called to this when I arrived at Risley's house, about half-past six o'clock—I produce a great coat belonging to the prisoner, which I took possession of—I examined the pocket, and found it wet with milk inside and outside the pocket—I examined the inside of his coat, and found milk spilt on different parts of the coat—I examined the prosecutor's clothes, and observed some traces of milk on the skirt of his coat inside in the pocket—I found three cuts on one arm of his coat, and two on the other—they went through both his coats—I found a cut on the collar, and a corresponding cut also in his small-clothes, and there was a cut partially through the stock he had on his neck—I compared a chisel which Emery has with the mark on the stock—it appeared to correspond—I produce the prisoner's stave—it is broken—I found no wound whatever about the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you know the prisoner has been a long time in the police force? A. Yes—I did not give Hannant instructions that night.





JOSEPH ROBINS
. On the 14th of Sept. I lived with Mr. Horlin near Winchmore-hill. On the 14th of Sept I found a lantern in his shed, which is about a hundred yards from the field where the prosecutor's cows were—No. 39 is on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the shed near the road side? A. It if in the field—you must go into the field to get into the shed.





JOHN MITCHELL
. About six o'clock on the morning of the 15th I went to Mr. Risley's field where the cows had been, and found this chisel—there was blood on it, much more than there is now—it was quite fresh blood, and on the spot where I found it there was a great quantity of blood, as if somebody had been bleeding there, and marks of a struggle having taken place—it was fifty or sixty yards from the tree further from Risley's house than the tree—I know Horlin's field—there are two or three gardens between that and Risley's field.





GEORGE DURANCE
. I am a policeman of the district. I was on duty that morning, and about four o'clock I heard a cry of "Murder," which led

me to Risley's house—I found the prisoner and prosecutor there—I gave an alarm, and Emery and another policeman came—I was one of the persons who took the prisoner to the station, about an hour after I first came there—as we went along to the station he said he saw Hannant get over the hedge and milk the cow, and he followed him; that Hannant begged of him to let him go, as it would be a disgrace to his wife and family; that he said no, he would serve him the same as he would another man—he said the first blow the prosecutor struck him had broken his (the prisoner's) stave—this lantern I had at nine o'clock, and gave it to the prisoner at that time—I found his hat in the field afterwards near where the blood was.

Cross-examined. Q. Are the staves numbered? A. Yes—this stave has a piece of twine round it—I only know it from the others by being numbered the same as the policeman.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had that broken staff the prisoner's number on it? A. Yes.





THOMAS EMERY
 (police-sergeant.) On the morning of the 15th of Sept. I searched the prisoner's lodging about seven o'clock, and found some carpenter's tools there—I have them here—this chisel was given to me, and this quart bottle with about half a pint of milk in it—the cork was out—I had given orders to the prosecutor the night before respecting Risley's field—I told him to watch.

Cross-examined. Q. There is but one lantern, I believe, between three policemen? A. Yes.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Has the prosecutor anything to do with the lantern? A. It is left to him to be trimmed after it is done with—he was not on duty that night—he went off duty at two o'clock in the morning, and was directed to watch in the field—he would have nothing to do with the lantern then—I did not see him at two o'clock.





JAMES HARRISON
 (policeman.) I searched the prisoner's lodging on the morning this occurred about ten or eleven o'clock—I produce some tools which I found there.





JAMES SELL
. I am a carpenter, and live at Winchmore-hill. I have examined these tools—some of them belong to me, and some to my father—this chisel is a mortice chisel—I do not know who that belongs to, but it has been in our shop among my father's tools and mine—I remember having used it myself—it has been left in our shop two or three years—I do not know whose it was, but we used it—since this matter has been investigated I have applied that chisel to work on which I believe I used it, and found it exactly corresponded—we had no other chisel of that size—our shop stands in the yard, and most of the tools were kept there—they might be left about the premises—we missed this plane from two to three years, and this other plane about three weeks—I did not know the chisel was gone—it could not have been taken long without our missing it—it was the only one of the size we had—I know the prisoner, having seen him in the garden of our premises—he has been there to borrow a barrow at times—I remember having seen him there six or nine months ago—I think I have seen him there twice.

Cross-examined. Q. He was never in your shop that you know of? A. Not that I know of—I have seen him at the door—one Morrison lived with the prisoner—he died some time ago—I know he had some tools—he was in the habit of coming to our place—he died in the same house as the prisoner lived—I had the chisel after Morrison died—the other tools were missed al quite a different time, except one plane, which was lost about six weeks ago.





JAMES RADFORD
. My father has a field at Winchmore-hill, near Mr. Risley's cow field—on the Saturday, two or three days after the prisoner was

found there, I found a stave in my father's field—they would not hare to cross my father's field, from where the cows were, to get to Risley's—there is a road between our field and Mr. Risley's—the road goes down past Mr. Risley's house—my father's field is one side of the road, and Mr. Risley's on the other—I took the stave up, and gave it to Risley's man, Freeman.

Cross-examined. Q. To get to the cow field at Risley's house do you go by a road at all? A. Yes, you can go to the house from the field without going along a road, but not without breaking bounds.

COURT. Q. Is there a gate from the field to the road? A. Yet—you go out at the gate into the road to get to the house.





JOHN CRESWELL
. I am a surgeon, and live at Winchmore-hill. On the morning in question I was called into Mr. Risley's house, and saw the prosecutor bleeding very profusely, from a great number of wounds on his head—his hair was so clotted with blood I could not see what was the matter—I cut his hair off, cleared the blood away, and wound several deep wounds, some contused and some incised, and a wound on his arm, which was evidently done with a stab—that made me notice the other wounds more particularly—I found some of them evidently done by a some of them evidently done by a cutting instrument—I think five wounds were done by a cutting instrument on his head, besides one on the top of the breast-bone, and one on each fore-arm—three cuts in his face, I think, were done with a cutting instrument, or else with the broken stave—the others were decidedly done with a cutting instrument—this chisel would inflict them—I attended him till he was taken home, about eight o'clock in the morning, and gave him over to the surgeon of the force—two wounds injured his bone, denuded the bone on the head, but none of them were to be called dangerous, beyond the concussion they produced at the time, and the consequences which might ensue from inflammation or erysipelas—which might supervene—they were not mortal wounds in themselves—one of them was within one-eighth of an inch of the temporal artery—that was a chisel wound.

Cross-examined. Q. They were wounds of the scalp? A. All the chisel wounds penetrated to the scalp—he never showed symptoms of erysipelas, and he recovered from the concussion while I was there—erysipelas may ensue from all wounds where the skin is broken.





WILLIAM RISLEY

re-examined. I called my boy up about two o'clock in the morning, to go to watch the cows—I had told him that the night before—I had also told Hannant about it, about eight o'clock the night before—I told him I had missed milk a good many times, and thought it was done on Sunday night—I told him I had got a lad and another man coming to watch that same morning, and I wished him to watch that night, until my lad and man earae, which I thought would be between three and four.




GUILTY
on 4th and 5th Counts. Aged 26.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
