



729. 




WILLIAM LATHAM
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging, on the 
15th of August, a certain bill of exchange for 175l. 13s., with intent to defraud 



Edwin Leaf and others.—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same, knowing it to be forged.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.






MESSES. CLARKSON

and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WESLEY BARNET
. I am a clerk in the service of Edwin Leaf, who has partners—they are wholesale haberdashers and warehousemen, The prisoner is a draper, living at Halifax, and has dealings with our house—he was indebted to us in September last—I produce a bill of exchange which I got from him on the 7th of September—ho owed the firm between 300l. and 400l. at the time—one of our own bills on him had been due on the 4th, and was dishonoured, and returned on the 5th, and on the 7th he came and said he could not pay any money on account of that draft—he produced this bill, and said he could pay us that bill on account of the dishonoured draft—I took it up in my hand, looked at it, and said, "Mr. Latham, this is rather a large bill for a retail draper; who is Mr. Pearson who it was drawn on?"—he said, "Mr. Pearson is a regular customer of mine"—I said, "Does he owe you any thing besides this?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "How much?"—he said, "Between 100l. and 200l. besides"—I said, "Why, Mr. Latham, this is a very large amount for you to trust a small tradesman in Sutton," as I supposed it to be—he said he bad traded with the man a long time, he had been regular in all his transactions with him, and it would be paid, he was certain, be bad no doubt about the account himself—I then took the bill, relying on it being duly paid when it became due—it was not paid—to the best of my belief, the handwriting on the bill is the prisoner's—I am well acquainted with his handwriting—I have seen it repeatedly—I do not know that I have seen him write—I have repeatedly received letters from him, and acted on them—I have not the slightest doubt of its being his, all but the acceptance, "Thomas Pearson"—that is quite a different character to the rest—I think the acceptance is his, with the exception of the signature—the bill was brought to me ready indorsed.





THOMAS PEARSON
. I follow the farming business, and live at Sutton, near Doncaster. The prisoner is my cousin—this acceptance is not mine—I never authorised the prisoner, or any body else, to accept this bill for me—I never did accept, indorse, or draw a bill, to my knowledge.; nor authorise any body to do so—I was not indebted at the time the

bill is dated, to the prisoner 300l. or 400l., nor 3d.—I never had dealings with him to the amount of this bill, nor a larger amount—I was not aware there was such an acceptance in existence till I was called upon to pay it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You never owed the prisoner any money? A. Yes, I owed him a trifle of money, for things from the shop, sending for them—I never owed him any great amount at a time—I never owed him 50l.—I never accepted a bill in my life, to my knowledge—I will swear I never did, to my knowledge, accept a bill for any person—I do not think I could have done it, and forgot it—I know the prisoner's brother, Thomas—he lives at Fenwick—I never accepted a bill for him for any amount, I swear that positively—I never accepted a bill at Thomas's house for any body—I have known the prisoner draw bills in my name in four or five instances—I could not speak to the time—it is two or three years ago, I believe—I was applied to by Mr. Lawrence, of Manchester, as the acceptor of a bill—I was applied to for the payment of dishonoured bills both in Manchester and London—I was applied to by firms, but whether in London or Manchester I did not know—I was applied to by Mr. Duncan, of Halifax—that was so lately I did not forget it—I was applied to by Leaf, Cole, and Co., but not by Mr. Field, of Finchley, to my knowledge, so lately as September, 1839, and, I should say, not at any time—I will swear I had application from firms which I made no minute of—I do not recollect the name of Robert Clark and Son, but I was applied to by two or three firms before I put it down—I will not swear I was not applied to by them, but I do not recollect it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. As soon as you had two or three applications you applied to your attorney about it? A. Yes, Mr. Coward—I replied to the persons who applied for payment of the acceptance, that it was not by my consent or knowledge, nor my handwriting—I replied to all the parties that they were forgeries, and wrote to the prisoner to reprimand him for his conduct—there had been several of these forgeries—I never paid any of them, nor do I know who did—they may all be paid for any thing I know—I was about to prosecute my cousin—I put it into the hands of my attorney to do so, and he took what steps he thought proper—Leaf, Coles, and Co., are a different firm to Leaf, Smith, and Co.—on my oath, not one of the acceptances I was applied to about were accepted by me, or by my authority.





CHARLES LEACH COWARD
. In the latter end of December, 1889, or the beginning of January, 1840, Mr. Pearson applied to me—he brought me a letter he had received, in consequence of which, I went over to Halifax, and found the prisoner there—I told him I had come over to see him.

COURT. This does not apply to this bill.
(The bill, being read, was drawn by the prisoner on Thomas Pearson, of Button, payable at Joseph Dennison's, Esq. Banker, London.)
(George Swinbourn, of Falcon-square; and William Keetley, warehouseman; deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
