




888. 




JAMES MELANY
 was indicted for

stealing 3 silver spoons, value 30s.; and 1 watch, 5l.; the goods of 



Sarah Lemon, in her dwelling-house; and





JOHN JONES



for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; and that Melany had been before convicted of felony.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH SARAH GOSLING
. I am servant to Mrs. Lemon, of No. 5, Hoxton-square—on the morning of the 7th of March she went out, leaving me and Harris in the house—about eleven o'clock there came a single knock at the door, which I opened, and saw Melany—I asked what he wanted—he said he came from Mr. Walker's, in Hackney-road, for some jobs—I told him I was sure he was not right—he said, yes, he was quite right, he had been told to come to Mrs. Lemon's, No. 5, Hoxton-square—I asked what for—he said, "Boots and shoes"—I said I was sure he was not right, for we had not any—I called my fellow-servant down—Melany was asked to go into the parlour—I and Harris went up stairs, to finish the job we were about—in about ten minutes I came down, and saw the street door open, and Melany was gone—I did not miss anything at that moment—I went into the kitchen, to see what time it was, and I missed the watch which had been suspended over the dresser—my mistress afterwards missed two silver spoons and a tea-spoon.





ELIZABETH HARRIS
. I am fellow-servant with Gosling—on the 7th of

March she called me down—I found Melany just inside the door—she has given a correct account of the transaction.





SARAH LEMON
. I live at No. 5, Hoxton-square—I returned home on Saturday, the 7th of March—I went to look, and this watch and spoons were missing—this is my watch—it is worth 2l. or 35l.—these spoons are marked—they are mine, and are worth, perhaps, 10s. a-piece—I do not know Mr. Walker—I had given no orders for him to send.

Jones. Q. What time did you miss these things? A. About half-past one.





MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City police-constable, No. 274.) About a quarter past one o'clock on the 7th of March, I was about Field-lane, and saw both the prisoners—I saw Jones, as he went down the lane, beckon to a man named Simmonds, who keeps a handkerchief shop there, and was standing at his shop door—he followed the prisoners, and they all went into a public-house on Saffron-hill—about two minutes after they went in, Melany came to the door, and looked up Saffron-hill and down again—he repeated this twice—I and Hewett, an officer who was with me, went into the public-house—I heard a jingling sound of silver, and saw Jones standing by a beer-barrel which was turned end upwards, and on the barrel this handkerchief was spread, and he had his hands upon it—I pushed him on one side, and under the handkerchief I found these spoons and this watch—I said to Jones, "What is the meaning of this? do you know anything of these?"—he said, "No"—asked Melany if he knew anything about them—he said, "No"—I took them into custody.

Jones's Defence. I had no work, and came down Cheapside; I met this lad; we went down Field-lane into this public-house; I knew nothing of the articles till the policeman pulled them out.

Melany's Defence. I was in Hackney-road; a young man asked if I would go with him; we went down Hoxton, and he said, "You go to Mrs. Lemon's, No. 5, Hoxton-square, and say you. come for boots and shoes;" I knocked at the door, and one of them asked me in; I sat down in the parlour twenty minutes; I then went out, and saw the lad; I told him, and he said, "Very well, thank you;" I then went home; I went out again, met Jones, and we went and had a drop of beer.





JOHN SMITH
 (police-constable G 171.) I produce a certificate of Melany's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 22nd Aug., 1842; confined ten days and whipped)—he is the person.

MELANY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

JONES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Ten Years.

