



1362. 




MARY ANN TAYLOR



, stealing a half-crown and 5 sixpences; the moneys of 



William Fisher, from the person of 



Sarah Fisher.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH FISHER.
 I am the wife of William Fisher, and live at Poplar. On Monday afternoon, 3rd April, I got into an omnibus at Blackwall, for the purpose of going to Lambeth—I sat on the left-hand side as I got is, and there was about room for two or three persons between me and the door—a person sat between me and the door—there was room far one or more between me and that person—I had about 17s. in silver, wrapped up in a piece of paper, in my pocket on my right-hand side, which would be nearest the door—it was a pocket made in the dress—the prisoner got into the omnibus in St. Paul's churchyard—I had ascertained that my money was safe just before—I had occasion to use my handkerchief, which was in the same pocket, and I felt my money safe—I am quite sure of that—the prisoner sat on my right, between me and the party next the door—I am quite certain that she got in at St. Paul's-churchyard—there were more persons in the omnibus, but not on my right side—they were sitting opposite, and at the other end—it was nearly full—the prisoner sat quite close to me—the omnibus went straight on to the end of Bridge-street or Farringdon-street—the prisoner got out there—I went to use my handkerchief again, when she got out, and found it hanging to my pocket, and my money was gone—I named it to a person in the omnibus, and she advised me to tell the conductor to stop—the omnibus was stopped, and I got out—I had not observed which way the prisoner went—the conductor told me, and I went in that direction—it was towards the bridge—I met the prisoner coming back from the bridge—she was about us far up the street as Bride-court—I told her that she had taken the money from me—she said she had not, that she had plenty of money—she showed me her purse, and wished me to go home with her to see her respectability—I declined doing so, and gave her into custody—there was one half-crown among my money, and shillings and sixpences—I am quite sure the prisoner is the only person that sat close to me, and she threw her dress over me several times—she had a plaid silk dress with flonnces, and a visette, which she has on now—she threw her dress over my knees two or three times, spreading it out.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL.
Q. She sat down in a somewhat restless way, and spread her gown out as ladies do? A. No; she spread it over me, not on the other side, only on my side—she took off her cuffs and put them into her pocket which was nearest my side—her left hand was nearest to me—I cannot say at what part of St. Paul's Churchyard she got in—she told me afterwards that she had got in there, I think that was at the

Police-office, but I knew that she got in at St. Paul's Church-yard before she told me so—she did not say she thought it was a Camberwell omnibus—when I saw her in Bridge-street she was not standing loitering about, she was coming towards me, not walking very fast—she was looking about her—I was going as far as Waterloo-bridge, but I got out, having no money to pay for going across the bridge when I found my money was gone—I think three females got out between Blackwall and Bridge-street, and one got in before the prisoner—I had nothing in my pocket but the money and my handkerchief—the money was wrapped in a piece of sugar paper—I have not seem that paper again.

COURT. Q. Your handkerchief had been disturbed in the act of removing the money? A. That is what I thought—the prisoner did not any where she lived—she said she would call a cab and take me to her residence.





JAMES NOONE
 (City-policeman, 664). About four o'clock on Monday afternoon, 3rd April, I was passing along Bridge-street, Blackfriars, and saw Mrs. Fisher and the prisoner—Mrs. Fisher called me and said, "That lady has been robbing me"—I took her to the station—she gave her address, 4, Great Union-street, Borough—I went there that same evening, but learned nothing of her there—if she did live there she would he going out of her way is coming from St. Paul's Churchyard to get out at Bridge-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say that it is not as neat a way to Union-street as any? A. No; I think London-bridge is nearer.





JOHN CARD.
 On 3rd April I was conductor to a Blackwall omnibus—we left Blackwall that afternoon at thirteen minutes past two o'clock—I know Mrs. Fishet by taking her up that day—I never recollect her travelling by my bus before—I do not recollect taking up any passenger in St. Paul's Church-yard—I recollect taking passengers up in Cheapside, between the Globe Insurance office, Cornhill, and Friday-street, or about there—I set some down at the Globe office—I was full there—I came along the Poultry and Cheapside—Mrs. Fisher got out in Fleet-street, near St. Bride's church, to the best of my recollection—I cannot say whereabouts in Cheapside I took up my last passenger, it was somewhere about Friday-street or Old changes I think—I have no recollection of the prisoner—one or two females got in, and a gentleman also, but I cannot say, it is so long ago, and I have so many passengers now fares are so cheap, I take no notice of them, they give me their money and away they go—a female got out at the corner of Bridge-street—I have no recollection of the prisoner—when Mrs. Fisher got out she complained of having been robbed in my omnibus—she did not pay me, she gave me her address, and I called.





ELIZABETH JOYS.
 I am searcher at the Fleet-street station. On 3rd April I searched the prisoner—I found on her a gold watch and chain, two keys, a purse, and 3d. in copper—there was no money in the purse then—it had been give up tot he sergeant at the desk—this is the purse (produced.)

Cross-examined. Q. There was no piece of paper? A. No—she had about 4l. in gold, and some silver—I found no loose silver on her.





JOSEPH DUDDY
 (City policeman, 46.) I was station-sergeant when the prisoner was brought in, on 3rd April—Mrs. Fisher charged her with robbing her in an omnibus—the prisoner said she was a very bad woman for making such an accusation; that she had not robbed her—I then proceeded to enter the charge, and asked her name—she said Mary Taylor—I asked her address—she made no answer—I then said, "this is a very serious charge against you, and if you are innocent of it, it will go far to convince me you are so if you give me your correct address, and refer me to persons who know you to

be a respectable woman"—she then gave her address, 4, Great Union-street, Borough—from the manner in which she gave that address I believed it to be incorrect, and told her so—she said it was not—she had this purse in her hand when she was brought to the station—she turned the money out of it on to the desk, and it contained four sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, one half-crown, 18s., eight sixpences, and one 4d. piece—I had previously asked Mrs. Fisher what she had lost, and she said about 17s. in silver, wrapped in a piece of paper—I asked her, in the prisoner's presence, the description of coin—she said they were principally shillings and sixpences, but there was only one-half crown; the other coins she could not be positive to—there was only one half-crown among the money which the prisoner had.




GUILTY.*† Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

