



1826. 




JOHN WRIGHT, alias
 Brown

, was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit shilling, after a previous conviction of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. BODKIN and DOANE
conducted the Prosecution. Caleb Edward Powell. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of John Wright at this Court in the February Session, 1843—this I have examined with the original, and it is a true copy—(read.)





WILLIAM BROWNING
 (City police-constable, No. 543.) I was present at the prisoner's trial in the March Sessions last year—he is the person who was so convicted.





ANN DOUGLAS
. I am in the service of Mr. James Glass, who keeps the Gun public-house in High-street, Wapping. On Friday, 21st June, the prisoner came there, and asked for half-a-pint of beer, which came to a penny—I served him—he gave me a shilling—I looked at it and saw it was bad—in consequence of what Jervis had said to me, I rang the bell—on doing so, the prisoner caught hold of my arm, and said, "Here is another one," and was going to give me a good one—I had not said the other was bad—when Jervis came, I gave him the shilling, and told him it was a bad one—a scuffle then took place between Jervis and the prisoner, and he got away from Jervis—I saw him go to the tap-room fire, and throw something in—I stood close to the fire-place, and saw a shilling in the fire.

Prisoner. She was never outside the bar. Witness. Yes I was—I followed him out into the tap-room—there were six or seven men in the room—but no one but him and Jervis was near the fire—no one was standing between him and the fire—I was in the tap-room when I saw him throw the shilling.





GEORGE JERVIS
. I am barman at this public-house. On the afternoon in question, I saw the prisoner sitting on a form outside the house—I knew him and watched him—he was changing something from one hand to the other, and wrapping it up in paper—I could not see what it was—I made a communication to Douglas, and went up stairs—I afterwards heard the bell ring, and went down—she gave me a bad shilling, and said, "This man has given me another bad shilling "—I said to the prisoner, "Have you any more?"—he said, "No"—I said, "What is that you have got clenched up in your fist?"—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "You have got some more bad money there"—he said, "No, I have not"—I opened his hand, and tore some paper, and saw two, three, or four shillings in it—I am sure I saw two—I caught hold of him—we had a struggle—he ran into the tap-room, and threw the paper into the fire, from the hand I had tried to open—I had the other bad shilling in my hand—after the paper was burnt, I saw two shillings in the fire—I went to take the poker up, to poke them out, and before I could do so, they had melted and fallen through on to the cinders under the grate—I kept him in custody for about a quarter of an hour, till a constable came—he asked me several times to let him go, and repeatedly offered me a good shilling—I gave the bad shilling to the constable, and showed him the metal that had run through the fire—he picked it up.

Prisoner. If he saw any thing in my hand, why not take it out? Witness. I was not able—I was afraid of losing the one I had.





HENRY JORDAN
, (policeman.) I was called in, and took the prisoner in custody—I received this shilling from Jervis—I have kept it apart from other money—some metal was pointed out to me by him, lying in the ashes

in the tap-room, which I took and produce—I found 1s., 6d. in good silver on the prisoner, and 6 1/4 d. in copper.

Prisoner. The shilling passed through several hands. Witness, No one had it but the inspector on duty, and then it was never out of my sight—I was close to him while he was looking at it—I am sure this is the shilling I received from Jervis—I marked it at the station.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. This shilling is a counterfeit in all respects, and this metal is white metal, of a similar description to the shilling—it will melt nearly as easily as lead, much sooner than silver—there is more here than would have composed one shilling, but not sufficient for two.




GUILTY
. Aged 58.—


Transported for Seven Years
,
