



1275. 




CHARLES ABBOTT



, stealing 1 portmanteau, 1 coat, 3 pairs of trowsers, 5 shirts, and other articles, value 6l. 8s. 4d.; the goods of the 

Great Western Railway Company; having been before convicted.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM LINLEY.
 I am one of the porters of the Great Western Railway.

On 28th April I was on duty at Paddington—the train from Exeter came in at eight o'clock—I saw the prisoner on the platform before the train came in; when the luggage was being delivered, I saw him take a portmanteau from within the bar, and take it to an omnibus—the conductor put it on the roof, and he got inside—Mr. Marsh and the guard came to me—we went to the omnibus, and Mr. Marsh owned the portmanteau—it was taken down, and the prisoner got out, walked a few paces, and began running—I pursued him one way and the conductor another—he caught him on the steps, just as I came up and brought him back.

Prisoner. I was not on the platform; I came from Slough by the train. Witness. You did not.





EDWARD DEBENHAM.
 I live in Charles-street, Hatton-garden—I am an ornibus conductor—at the Great Western Railway—the prisoner came to the omnibus, I took a portmanteau of him, and put it on the top—he asked me if I went to the edgeware-road—I said "Yes," and he got in—in three-quarters of a minute I went to him and said, "I suppose you mean the other end;" he said, "No; not so far; Praed-street, or anywhere near that,—the last turning at the end of Praed-street will do"—you might throw a stone from the station to Praed-street; a man who had not luggage would not want to ride—Linley came up with Mr. Marsh, who claimed the portmanteau—the prisoner, who sat at the door, got out, walked to the corner of the cloak-room, and began running—I ran, overtook him, and said, "Stop, old gentleman; come back and account for that portmanteau you brought me"—he said, "I brought no portmanteau"—I gave him in charge.





REV. WILLIAM MARSH.
 I was travelling by this train, and missed my portmanteau on my arrival—this is it (produced)—it contained a coat, trowsers, shirts and other things.





JOSEPH COLLARD.
 In consequence of information, I went to the house of an old woman named Cattel, at 23, Carlisle-place, Lisson-grove—she pointed out the room where she lived, as the place where the prisoner deposited his goods—I found some duplicates, a great many portmanteaus, carpet bags, and boxes, with railway tickets on them, and as much property as I could take away in three cabs.





ANN CATTEL.
 I am nearly seventy years old, and live at 23, Carlisle-place. I permitted the prisoner to put his goods in my house—the things found belonged to him—I was at the search.

Prisoner's Defence. I had them of an acquaintance.





FRANCIS MORRIS
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction (read—Convicted Aug. 1847, and confined Four Months) I was present—he is the man.




GUILTY. Aged 54.—


Transported for Seven Years.

