



217. 




WILLIAM BASSAM
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of November, 1 knife, value 2d.; 1 half-crown, and 1 shilling; the property of 



Sarah Meloy; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SARAH MELOY
. I am a widow, and live in Fisher's-rents, Deptford On the 7th of November I placed a cup on my mantel-shelf, containing three half-crowns and one shilling, between five and six o'clock, and missed it between six and seven—in consequence of information I went after the prisoner round the Broadway, but could not find him—he is a neighbour's child, and played with my son sometimes—I also missed a knife from a drawer in the same room—this is it—(produced.)





ELIZABETH BISHOP
. I live next door to Mrs. Meloy. On Saturday, the 7th of November, I saw the prisoner at Mrs. Meloy's—I went after him as far as High-street, and told him Mrs. Meloy wanted him—he made use of a very bad word, and said if I did not let him go how he would serve me—he bit me, and scratched my hand—a policeman came up and took him.





ALICE REDDEN
. I am the wife of Daniel Redden, and keep a lodging-house in Mill-lane, Deptford—the prisoner lodged with us. On Saturday evening, the 7th of November, he paid me 16d. for his lodging—he had not paid me for a fortnight before—we only charged him 2d. a night for him to lie down—I asked where he got the money—he said he had been bringing water for Mrs. Meloy—he afterwards told my child that he had knocked it out of a little girl's hand—I said that was very wrong of him, and went to call a policeman, but while I was gone he ran away—I saw him use this knife—he took it away with him.





JOSEPH WYAT
. (police-constable R 72.) I apprehended the prisoner about seven o'clock the same night, and found this knife and a shilling on him.





JOHN ROSCOE
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace at Maidstone—I was a witness on the trial—the prisoner is the person—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Parkhurst.
