




870. 




MARGARET DONOGAN
 was indicted

for stealing 2 half-crowns,13 shillings, and 7 sixpences; the goods of 



George Frederick Lush, from his person, and that she had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE FREDERICK LUSH
. I am cook on board a ship—I lodge at No. 33, Brick-lane, Spitalfields—I met the prisoner in Wentworth-street on the 6th of March, and went home with her to Angel-alley, Whitechapel—I paid for a room there—She asked me to give her a shilling—I gave her one—I then found she had got her hand in my purse in my pocket—she opened the purse in the pocket, and took the money out—I lost two half-crowns, thirteen shillings, and seven sixpences—I said, "Give me my money; you hare robbed me"—she said she had got none—I found four shillings on the bed, and then another shilling—I took her to the station-house.





THOMAS WINKPORD
 (police-constable H 38.) The prosecutor gave the prisoner in charge—she denied being with him at all—I asked if she had any money—she said she had not—I felt her gown-sleeve, and found four sixpences there—I asked if she had any more—she said "No"—I asked her to give me her pocket—she gave it me—I found a pair of gloves in it and in the fingers of one glove I found a shilling—I found a shilling and four pence in her basket.





ELIZABBTH CULMER
. I am searcher at the station—I undid her clothes, and one half-crown, one shilling, and a sixpence fell out.

Prisoner's Defence, He gave me one shilling and a quartern of gin at a public-house; when he left me, he wanted me to give him my money which I had in my bosom; I said I would not, it was my own; he said he would give me to a policeman; he asked me if I had any money of his; I said I had none of his, the money I had in my bosom was my own, I had been with the prosecutor many times before.





GEORGE FREDERICK LUSH
. I had been once with her, seven years ago—I was sober.





LEWIS FITZLEY
 (police-constable H 139.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted the 28th of Jan., 1845, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person—I saw her rob a man once since then, but he would not charge her.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

