



1876. 




JOHN PRATT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of February, 1 coat, value 15s.; 1 waistcoat, value 9s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; and 1 half-sovereign; the property of 




Robert Grant: 2 coats, value 2l.; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 6d.; the goods of 



Henry Thomas Brind.






ROBERT GRANT
. I am a porter, and lodge in Castle-court, Finsbury—the prisoner lodged there. I had a box there containing the articles stated as my property—I saw it safe on the 10th of February, and on the 16th I found the box was broken open, and the things were gone—when I got up in the morning, on the 16th, I left the prisoner in bed, and Brind was there dressing.





HENRY THOMAS BRIND
. I locked up my box, and left it there—I went out with Grant on the morning of the 16th, to go to work—I left two coats and two handkerchiefs in the box—I came back at nine o'clock, and went into the kitchen to breakfast—I had not been there long before I heard the prisoner come down, go out, and slam the door after him—I went up stairs, and found my box broken open, and these things gone, and Grant's too—when I went out in the morning I left the prisoner in bed, and my little brother dressing.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me come down? A. No, but there was nobody but you in the house.





JAMES RICHARD BRIND
. I left the prisoner in bed when I was dressing that morning—I went out a few minutes after six o'clock—I left the room all right—I did not see the prisoner again that morning.





SARAH BRIND
. The prisoner lodged in my house—no one lodged in that room but him and Grant and my sons—I heard the prisoner run down that morning—it must have been him, as there was no one else in the house—the door shuts and fastens inside—no one could have got in but by my letting them in—the prisoner had not paid for his lodging, and he gave no notice.





ELIZABETH TRUST
. I live opposite Mrs. Brind. About nine o'clock that morning I saw a man come out of her house with a large bundle—the prisoner resembles him in appearance—I could not see his face—he walked on to Windmill-street, and then ran.


Prisoner's Defence, I lodged with her two years ago, and she could not say anything against my character. I went oat that morning to try to get work, and could not; I went into the country, and returned on the 11th of April; I got a month in the City Bridewell, and then I was taken on this charge, which I know nothing of.




GUILTY.* Aged 23.—



Transported for Seven Years.
