



704. 




JAMES CALLAHAN
 was indicted

for stealing 3lbs. 10oz. weight of mutton, value 1s. 6d. the goods of 



James Wheatly, the younger; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES WHEATLY
. I live with my son, James Wheatly, a butcher fn Crown-street, Bloorasbury. On Saturday, the 8th of Feb., about eleven o'clock, I was in his shop—I saw the prisoner pass outside the window,

and take a breast of mutton—he was in company with another perm—I ran out, and saw the prisoner—I took him about 100 yards off—he threw down the mutton, struck me violently, knocked one of my teeth out, and loosened four others—it was my son's mutton.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Have you any interest in the business? A. No—there were not a great many persons passing—this is not in the Rookery—he did not run till I got near him, and called, "Stop thief"—he then set off running, and threw the mutton down—I did not take it up—he struggled and got away—he cut my lip very badly—I lost sight of him—he got into a passage—my son ran round, and ran him into the Rookery—he ran into the arms of a policeman—I wear positively he took the mutton and dropped it.





FRANCIS MOERIS
 (police-constable E 78.) I was in the Rookery—I heard a cry of "Stop, thief"—I saw the prisoner coming through the posts, and when he got through, he ran—I stopped him, and asked what he ran for—lie said, "What do you stop me for?"—I said, "Let us hear what these people are crying stop thief for."

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any mutton on him? A. No—at soon as he said, "What do you take me for?" the prosecutor and some other persons came to the posts and said, "That is right, take him."





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-constable F 106.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted the 14th of June, 1839, and transported for ten years)—how he got off that I do not know, but he had three months, and he was tried again in the Old Court in May, 1843, and had twelve months.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

