



2026. 




WILLIAM JONES
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Rutter, at 
Ealing, on the 
21st of Oct., and stealing therein 2 watches, value 6l. 5s.; and 1 watch-case, 10s., his property.






SAMUEL RUTTER
. I am a watch-maker, and live at Old Brentford, in the parish of Ealing; it is my dwelling-house. On the 21st of Oct., between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I received information—I looked at my window—I found it broken, and two watches had been stolen therefrom—I proceeded after the prisoner, and overtook him at the stone, which the watches were found within six inches of—I did not say anything to him; I waited for Mr. Ralph, to know if the prisoner was the person he saw at my window—he said yes—the prisoner was then watched, and an officer sent for—the watches were found within a quarter of a mile of my house—these are those I lost that evening, and I have the dial belonging to this case here—the window bad been quite whole before.





ELIZA RUTTER
. I am the wife of Samuel Rutter. I saw the prisoner, about three o'clock that afternoon, standing at the window—I am sure he is the person—at a little after six in the evening I heard a noise at the window—I looked, and the watches were there safe.





HENRY RALPH
. I am a surgeon. I was called to my door about six o'clock that evening—I saw the prisoner standing opposite the prosecutor's house—I took notice of him—I went out again in about a quarter

of an hour—I saw him then standing near Mr. Rutter's shop—I went into my surgery, went out again, and saw him there again—I came in, went out again, and saw him cross to the second house from Mr. Rutter's, which has been shut up for some time—he then went to Mr. Rutter's house—he stooped and put his hand up to the window, then turned and ran under a lamp, and made a stoop, as if to prevent something from falling—I went and found Mr. Rutter's window was broken—I entered and gave information—I went after the prisoner, who had been overtaken by Mr. Rutter—I am sure he is the person whose hand was up at the window.





SAMUEL WARDER
. I found this watch-case against the stone.





FREDERICK WILLIAM HILL
. I found these two watches, one gold and the other silver, behind the stone.





ALFRED WAITE
. I found this diamond just by the lamp by the Royal Hotel, between where the prisoner was taken and Mr. Rutter's house.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

