



88. 




LEWIS JACOBS



, stealing, at 

St. John, Clerkenwell, 1 ruby, 1 emerald, and 1 carbuncle, value 8l. the goods of 



John Garrett, in his dwelling-house.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE GARRETT.
 I am the son of John Garrett, a lapidary. On 1st of July the prisoner came to our shop for some goods which he had looked out the day before—I had not served him in the first instance, my father had—he first asked for the invoice—I gave it to him—he opened the persons, looked over them, and upset a paper of pearls on the counter—he then said the papers were not large enough to contain the goods—I turned my back to get a larger piece, and he then said he would call again next day—I did not miss anything then, but in the after-part of the day I missed a carbuncle-garnet, a ruby, and an emerald.

Prisoner. Q. What time did I call in the morning? A. Between nine

eleven o'clock, and pay my father—the things were not to be taken away until they were paid for.

COURT.
Q. Did he come next day at eleven o'clock? A. No, I never saw him again till he was at the police station.





JOHN GARRETT.
 I am a lapidary, in Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell. On 30th June the prisoner came to my shop to look at some stones—my son was showing them to him as I came in—I missed the articles stated, on the afternoon of 1st July—they are worth 8l.—I saw nothing of them till a fortnight afterwards, when Mr. Rothschild came to sell me some stones, and among them was this carbuncle, which is worth 50s.—I recognized it at once.

Prisoner. Q. At what time did you miss the things? A. About five o'clock, on 1st July—you had told me the day before, that you would come at eleven—I was there at eleven to meet you, but I found you had been soon after nine—I have my book here—on 30th June there is entered, as selected by you, four carats of emerald, a gross of stones, a large ruby, and an emerald, which were two of the articles stolen—I can swear to this carbuncle being mine—it was manufactured in my place—it is Indian cut, and has been re-cut by ourselves; and that is why I know it more particularly.

COURT.
Q. Did you say that these things were sold to him the day before, only not paid for? A. He looked them out the day before—he was not to have them without the money—he was to call next day at eleven, and pay for them, but he did not.





BENJAMIN LOUIS MEYER ROTHSCHILD.
 I am a diamond agent, in North-buildings, Finsbury-square. I purchased this carbuncle about the middle of July of Mr. Calisher.

Prisoner. Q. How long was it in your possession? A. A fortnight—I then gave it up to Mr. Garrett—I know this to be the same I bought, because I had only one of that size—sometimes I have thousands—if I were to show you a paper with fifty garnets, and you were to select a dozen, and then mix them again, I could not tell which you had selected; but at that time I had only one—this is a carbuncle-garnet.





NATHAN JACOB CALISHER.
 I am a dealer in precious stones, 88, Aldgate. The prisoner came to my shop last July—I did not purchase anything from him then—he came again, and I then bought of him a carbuncle-garnet, an emerald, and a ruby—the carbuncle-garnet was similar to that produced—I had no others in my possession at that time—I sold it to Mr. Rothschild—the prisoner said he was a foreigner, and dealer in stones—he has a foreign accent.

Prisoner. Q. When I first came, did I not say that I had more articles, and would call again? A. Yes—you did not sell me any emeralds—you showed me two—I cannot swear this is the same carbuncle you sold me, but I had no other, and that I sold to Mr. Rothschild.





JOHN GUNN
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner into custody—I told him what is was for—Mr. Garrett and his son were with me—he said he was a stranger to Mr. Garrett, he never saw him before—I asked if he knew the son—he said, "No, I am a gentleman; you are mistaken in the man"—I found 8d. in his pocket.

Prisoner's Defence. I certainly sold Mr. Calisher a ruby, and a carbuncle, but I was in possession of rubies, emeralds, carbuncles, and all kinds of stones; I went to Mr. Garrett's shop at ten o'clock, as the son states; if he had any suspicion, it was his duty to have told his father immediately.




GUILTY. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.



Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

