



616. 




JOHN BYRON



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 91l. 10s. 4d., with intent to defraud 



Abraham Wildey Robarts and others.


MESSRS. BODKIN and HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY BARHAM
. I am clerk to Abraham Wildey Robarts and others, Bankers, in Lombard-street. On 11th Sept. last, this check for 91l. 10s. 4d., was presented at the counter for payment—I paid it with this 50l., and 40l. notes, and 1l. 10s. in money—Mr. Henry Willis, of 37, Old Brosd-street, keeps an account there—I do not know the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Had you any suspicion of the genuineness of that check? A. None whatever, or I should not have paid it—Mr. Willis sends many checks to us—I do not know your writing—I thought it was Mr. Willis's writing—Mr. Willis did not give any waning that there might be forged checks presented.





CHRISTOPHER HENRY WINDLE
. I am a clerk in the Issue department of the Bank of England. I changed these two notes on 11th Sept.—to the best of my recollection this "Henry Willis, 37, Old Broad-street," on the 50l. note, was on it when I first saw it—we do not pay notes without the name of the presenter is written on them—there is no name on the back of the 40l. note—we only require the name on one of a parcel—I gave 50l. in gold, and a ticket for 40l. in notes, which was to be taken to anther part of the establishment.

Prisoner. Q. What time was it? A. I should think certainly after twelve o'clock.

MR. BODKIN. Q. That is a mere guess, I suppose? A. Yes; it was about was middle of my day's work—it depends upon whether the afternoon's work was heavier than the morning.


COURT. Q. Do you go away in the middle of the day? A. Yes, for an hour—no other person takes my book while I am away.





HENRY WILLIS
. I am a merchant, at 37, Old Broad-street. I have an account at Robarts, Curits, and Co.'s—the prisoner was in my service as clerk for about ten months, and left about 31st Aug last—on that day he said he felt poorly, and asked leave to stay away—I usually keep my blank check-book in a private drawer in my own room—the drawer was generally unlicked—he was employed in an adjoining office, and had access to my room in the course of his duty—I am acquainted with his writing—these notes are both written by him—they reached me after he had left on account of illness—one is dated "Tuesday morning," and the other had no date—I received them before 13th Sept., when I discovered the forgery—(notes read—"Hackney, Tuesday morning,—Dear Sir, I am happy to say I am much better, and trust to be able to come to the office to-morrow morning I have had two blisters on, and am much relieved. The bearer, my sister-in-law, will take any message you have to leave. John Byron."—"Dear Sir, The doctor strictly forbids me yet to go out. I yesterday experienced a relapse in fever, and am now in bed, suffering very severely. I am to be bled in the arm this morning, if I am not better by twelve o'clock")—the signature is gone—they were thrown into a rubbish-paper drawer, and there may have been something gone—this check is not my writing, nor was it written by my authority—I knew nothing of it till I found it had been paid—the date and filling-up of it are written by the prisoner-the usual part is printed—the signature I believe to be his writing, but I cannot swear that—it is a very good imitation of mine—it is the sort of check I use—it purports to be drawn for duty on tea, per Boyne—I always express the subject in my checks—the prisoner would know that—this is the check-book I had in use at that period (produced)—it is marked to contain 150 checks—I have counted it, and find it now contains 146—I miss four—those I used I took from the usual place, and left the margin—in those I miss the margin is gone also—I see my name and address written on this 50l. note—it is in the undisguised writing of the prisoner—he did not return to my service—I did not see him again till he was in custody, in the beginning of January—I had two or three other clerks in my employment at the time

Prisoner. Q. Why do you believe the check to be my writing A. From the general character of the writing—the n and y in "ninety," the p in "pounds," and the S in "Sept.," all these are attempts at disguise; at the same time, there are strong marks—there is no similitude between your writing and mine—I swear to the body of the check being your writing—when you were taken ill, I most likely said you had better go home till you got sufficiently well to attend to business.

COURT. Q. Had any clerk authority to sign checks for you? A. No, I never authorized the prisoner to sign any.





JAMES GEORGE GARRETT
. I am clerk to Mr. Willis. In Sept. I went with Mr. Bacon, another clerk, to 8, Miles-lane, where the prisoner said he lived—we could not find him—I believe this check to be his writing—I know his writing perfectly—this "Henry Willis, 37, Old Broad-street" on the 50l. note, is also his writing.

Prisoner. Q. Is there any similarity between the writing on the check and that on the note? A. They do not appear to be alike—I am positive they are both your writing—I do not recollect, about a week before you were taken ill, Mr. Willis coming to the office one morning, and stating that

he had lost his memorandum-book, in which were some blank checks—I generally came about ten o'clock—that is later than the rest.

COURT. Q. Had you ever gone to the prisoner's lodgings with him? A. No; when he first came he wrote in the address-book," 8, Miles-lane," as his address—I live near Middlesex Hospital.





DARCY BACON
. I am clerk to Mr. Willis, and live in Camden Town. I am perfectly acquainted with the prisoner's writing, and believe the body of this clark to be his—I have been a clark there seven or eight years, and fellow-clerk with the prisoner probably fifteen months—this writhing on the 50l. note is also the prisoner's.

Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect one morning, about a week before I was taken ill, Mr. Willis coming to the office, and stating that he had lost hims memorandum-book out of his pocket, on his way from his own house? A. No; I do not recollect asking if there was anything valuable in it, and he saying, "Nothing but a few blank checks."





JAMES BRADLEY
. I am a police-constable of the Mansion-house. On 4th Jan. I apprehended the the prisoner at Newcastle-upon-type—he was is custody there, having been stopped by the electronic telegraph.





HARRIET LITTLE
. I am sister to the prisoner's wife. In Sept. last the prisoner and his wife lived in Miles-lane, in the City—my sister went away into the country, ona visit to her father, and I acted as housekeeper to the prisoner in her absence—during that time be frequently slept out—he said he had been sleeping with the head clerk at Hackney, on those occasions—I knew he was Mr. Willis's clerk—I took a letter, which the prisoner gave me, to Mr. Willis's—I did not see Mr. Willis—I gave it to somebody there—the prisoner gave me the letter in Miles-lane—I saw him write it—it was written with a pencil, I believe—it was such a note as this (one of those produce)—I last saw the prisoner in Miles-lane on Sunday, 12th Sept.—I know a person named George Atkinson—I heard the prisoner tell him, on the saturday, that he was going to the Custom-house, to pay some duty, on Monday morning, for his master—at that time he had a small bag in his hand, which appeared to contain money—he and Atkinson went that night to Madame Tussaud's exhibition—he left the house on the prisoner's wife still continue to him again till he was in custody—I and the prisoner's wife still continue to live in miles-lane.

Prisoner. Q. How many rooms had I there? A. One—I lived there from the time you took it—you did not make it your residence—you said you lived at Hackney—I asked you what the note was about that I took to Mr. Willis—I do not recollect saying to you, that it was no use dating it from 8, Miles-lane, as you never were there—I did not see you in London after 12th Sept—I was led to believe you were in London after that—I cannot say whether the bag contained silver, gold, or copper.

COURT. Q. How long has the prisoner been married to your sister? A. Five years—she is older than me—the room in Miles-lane was both a bed-room and sitting-room—I do not live there now—I left two or three months ago, not long after the prisoner went away—I lived there with the prisoner and his wife together—there was only one room—the prisoner did not sleep at home then—he has two children—they were there also.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Are you much younger than your sister? A. Not much—I was there when my sister went into the country—she was gone a fortnight or three weeks—I took care of the children during that time—while I she was away the prisoner slept in the room twice with his children, while I was there.


Prisoner. Q. Do you know my writing? A. Yes, I think so—I cannot swear that this check is your writing—I have seen so many different writings of yours—it does not look like your general writing—I think this on the note is more like—I think that is like your general writing.





HENRY WILLIS

re-examined. In the summer, in the warm weather, I lost my card-case, as I supposed, at Fulham—I do not recollet mentioning that loss in the presence of any of the clerks—I might have done so—I generally kept one blank check in the case, sometimes two, and cards as well—I cannot say whether I was then using this check-book—I do not recollect when I changed my check-book—the check in the case would probably be an old one, because I rarely wanted one for my pocket—the first check in this book was drawn on 18th June, 1847—I have my Bank-book sent home to me almost daily—the prisoner was a junior clerk—his salary was 60l.—I do not allow my clerks to fill up the body of a check for me to sign—while I was away in May I left several crossed checks, with the name of Letch and Co., to pay insurances, and dated them 8th June, and in those the money was filled in by Mr. Bacon, my principal clerk—in my absence he had authority to do it—I have no partner—Mr. Bacon never lived at Hackney.

Prisoner. Q. Those crossed checks did not belong to this book? A. No—I made known the loss of my card-case to the toll-collector on Batterseabridge in crossing over the same day, but I do not recollect telling the clerks, or asking whether I should advertise it—I did not make my loss known to Messrs. Robarts—I live about six miles from my office—I supposed that I lost my card-case in crossing Battersea-bridge.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Does this check bear any letter and number? A. Yes, "A 8316"—that is one of the series from this book—each check-book differs in the letter and number—I have no recollection of when it was I lost the card-case, except that it was in the summer.

The prisoner called






ANN BISSETT
. I remember Saturday, 11th Sept.—the prisoner was at home, ill, in bed, that day.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you been married to the prisoner? A. Yes—I was married to him on 31st Jan., 1847.

MR. BODKIN
to
HARRIET LITTLE. Q. When was the prisoner married to your sister? A. Five years ago—I was not present—I saw them go to church and come back—the prisoner was courting her for two years, I think—they lived together as man and wife after their marriage—I and my sister were living with our friends—we had no parents living





ANN BISSETT

re-examined, the
COURT
being of opinion that not being the prisoner's lawful wife, her evidence was admissible. The prisoner was ill for a fortnight and three days—when he went out on Saturday he said he was going to Madame Tussaud's—I do not recollect exactly the time he went out—it was after dinner—I last saw him before he left London on Sunday morning, 12th Sept., and I next saw him on 6th Oct.—he had been away three weeks and a day—during that time I ascertained that he had another wife—this check is not like his general writing—I do not know this writing, nor that on the 50l. note—I never saw him write like that to me—he was playing at the Royal Newcastle Theatre when he was taken—we sold off our things in London, in order to go—we went to Berwick first—I never saw him with any money—he pledged some things in Whitechapel—he had no money to give me on the Saturday night or Sunday morning.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Where did you first become acquainted with him? A.


At the City Theatre, in Bishopsgate-street—I only went there now and then, for pleasure—I went alone, and he attended there for pleasure, not as an actor—I was acquainted with him eight months before we were married—I first knew he had another wife about three days after he left London—he was so ill on the Saturday that be could not get out of bed till four o'clock—he did not come home till a quarter to eleven at night—I did not go with him to Newcastle then—I gave no children by him—the last Sunday we were at Newcastle, a policeman called and asked for Mr. Mason, which was the name we went by—I saw him, and he asked me some questions—the prisoner was up stairs at the time, but he never asked for him.

MR. BODKIN
to
HARRIET LITTLE. Q. What time was it that you saw the prisoner on the Saturday? A. Between eleven and twelve in the morning—I cannot say the exact time—I received a sovereign from him on the Saturday.

Prisoner. Q. How do you know that Saturday was the 11th or 12th Sept.? A. Because I had a letter to write to my sister on the Monday—I am sure of the day.
(The prisoner, in a long address, entered into an explanation of the circumstances which led to his separation from his first wife, and his marriage to Ann Bissett; stating that her evidence proved that he, being ill in bed on the Satur-day, could not have been the person who presented the check, or changed the notes; that, in addition to the fact of Mr. Willis's losing his card-case, every clerk in the office had access to the drawer in which the check-book was kept; and that no writing of his had been produced from the office to compare with the check.)

MR. WILLS
re-examined. I had no tea by the Boyne, but I had some hemp—she was a hemp ship, from St. Petersburgh, and the prisoner went down to the Docks about it—I cannot discover the place in the check-book from which the four checks have been taken.

Prisoner. It was my duty to attend to the shipping while I was at Mr. Willis's, and I recollect the Boyne being one of the ships that I had to attend to.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

