



2871. 




MARK BARTLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of Sept., at 


St. Marylebone, in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Bowles, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-chain, 6d.; 5 seals, 5s.; 1 watch-key, 1s.; 1 split ring, 6d.; 3 shillings, and 32 farthings; the property of 



Thomas Pitkin: 1 watch, 1l.; 1 chain, 6d.; 1 seal, 2s.; and 2 keys, 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Course: and afterwards, about one in the night, burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.






THOMAS PITKIN
. I lodge in Henry-street, Portland-town—the prisoner lodged there about five weeks, and slept in the same room with me—on Wednesday, the 27th of Sept., the landlord forbid him to come into the house any more—I did not hear that—I went to bed on Wednesday night at twenty minutes to ten, leaving the key in my room door, inside—I locked the door, and hung my watch on a nail on the bed—I had a ring in my pocket, with three shillings and about twelve farthings—Thomas Course slept with me—I awoke about half-past four, found the door open, and the key inside—I missed my watch and other property—the landlord came and gave me information—this is my watch.





JOHN THRUSSELL
 (policeman.) This watch was brought to the station by Hunt.





WILLIAM HUNT
. I found this watch in the garden before Cambridge-terrace, on the morning of the 28th of Sept., about five minutes to seven o'clock—I did not hear a cry of stop thief.





HENRY HUNT
. I am the witness's brother—I heard a cry of stop thief a few minutes to seven in the morning, and saw the prisoner running in Southwick-street—when he got to Cambridge-terrace, I saw him throw a watch, chain, and seals from his hand into the garden where my brother found it—I am quite sure he is the man.





THOMAS BOWLES
. I am landlord of the house—the prisoner lodged with me before the 27th—I gave him notice that day not to come again—I went to bed early—I heard a noise between twelve and one o'clock at night—I got out of bed, hearing somebody about in the house—I opened my door, and found it was an old man who lodges with us—he answered me—the prisoner must have got out of the house by the private door leading into the street—I went to the front door in the morning, and found it had been bolted by the old man who I spoke to when the alarm was—my house is in the Parish of St. Marylebone.





SARAH BOWLES
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I went to bed at ten o'clock—I locked and bolted the door—I found it unbolted in the morning.





JOHN ALLEN
. I lodge in the house—I had occasion to go to the water-closet, and got up at twelve o'clock—I then found the front door open.

Prisoner's Defence. I got up at half-past five o'clock in the morning, and

met a young man and woman; I said I was going to Bowles's, as I owed him a few shillings for lodging; he said he was going that way; we went through Regent's-park, and had some coffee together; he said he wished the pawnbrokers were open; I gave him two duplicates and 22s., and he gave me two watch seals.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

