



2067. 




JAMES ANDERSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of July, 9 1/2 yards of printed cotton, value 5s., the goods of 



Frederick Tomkins.






RICHARD HALL
. I am in the employ of Frederick Tomkins, a linen-draper, in Charles-street, Middlesex Hospital. On Friday morning, the 7th of July, about nine o'clock, a person told me something—I went outside, where this cotton had been, and it was gone from where I put it—I have not seen it since—I saw the prisoner running—I ran after him, but could not overtake him.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROE. Q. Then you do not charge him with stealing it? A. No.





JAMES CRONON
. I live at Maida-street, Bloomsbury. About half-past nine o'clock, on the 17th of July, I went to Charles-street—I saw this boy and another walking up and down—I saw they were after no good—I crossed over to the other side—I stood looking, and saw them walking up and down, and one of them kept going up to the prosecutor's doorway, and putting his hand under the dress—then the prisoner went and took the dress, and put it into his apron—the other cut the string that fastened it to the belt—I went and told.

Cross-examined. Q. How came you to suspect them? A. They kept whispering to one another, and then one went to the corner and the other to the door—I was about thirty yards from them—my last place was at a milliner's—they were about four yards from the shop when I saw them whisper—I determined to watch them—the prisoner ran away up Norfolk-street—the other turned towards Tottenham-court-road—the prisoner took the dress from the other one's hand, and put it in his apron—I told, and then we went after the prisoner—he ran straight on, with the dress in his apron—the other turned off about eighty yards from the shop—a young man stopped the prisoner in Well-street, but he had turned the corner before we got to him—we saw him to the corner, with the dress in his apron—he was stopped more than fifty yards from the corner—he was not in sight when we got round.






WILLIAM KNIGHT
. I was looking at the prosecutor's door—I saw the prisoner take the gown-piece from the other one that took it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the prisoner give it to the other? A. No, the other gave it to him before he ran away—I was in my employer's shop, not above twenty yards off—I thought they were after no good.
(James Kay, a carpenter, of Carnaby-place, Hampstead-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 17. 


Transported for Seven Years.—Convict Ship.

