




2391. 




WILLIAM DAVIS
 and 




BENJAMIN RAYBOULD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of August, 22lbs. weight of silk, value 32l. the goods of 



John Henry Machu, their master.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN HENRY MACHU
. I live at Lower Tulse-hill, Brixton, and carry on the business of a silk trimming-manufacturer in Twister's-alley, Bunhill-row. The two prisoners were apprenticed to me from the parish—I had 5l. premium with each—their time was very nearly out—they slept in the warehouse, for the protection of the place—in consequence of suspicions I entertained, I desired my foreman to obtain officers to watch them—some silk was afterwards produced to me, which I identified—it is worth 31l. odd.





JAMES CARTER
. I am foreman to Mr. Machu. In consequence of directions I received, I spoke to the police on the 6th of August, and on Sunday, the 7th, I met two policemen in Bunhill-row, and took them into the private house attached to the warehouse of the manufactory, to wait—at six o'clock in the morning I concealed myself with them, and about eight

I saw the two prisoners come from the warehouse passage—they went directly into the street, and shut the door after them—one policeman followed each, and took them—the silk produced is my master's.





JAMES HAYWARD
 (police-constable G 212.) I was one of the officers on the prosecutor's premises on this Sunday morning, I followed Davis, took him, and told him he was an apprentice of Mr. Machu—he said, "I am"—I said, "I am an officer, I suspect you have stolen property in your possession"—he said, "What, me?"—I said, "Yes, I must take you to the station"—I took him there, searched him, and found a quantity of silk concealed next to his skin, some in his pocket, and some in his hat—I found a skeleton key in his waistcoat-pocket, which I tried to the warehouse-door, and it opened it freely.





ROBERT COLE
 (police-constable G 193.) I went to Mr. Macho's premises, and took Raybould—I asked him whether he was an apprentice of Mr. Machu's—he said yes—I told him I was a policeman, and in consequence of information I had received, I suspected he had stolen property in his possession, and he must come to the station—he said, "For God's sake don't take me, if you do I am afraid I shall be sent out of the country; I have been led into it by others', but I ought to have known better; it serves me right"—I found some property concealed inside his trousers, rolled round his thighs, and some in his hat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

RAYBOULD—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for seven Years.
