




2386. 




ELIZABETH HAYWARD
 and 




THOMAS HERRON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of July, 1 watch, value 4l.; and 1 watch-key, 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Tyler, from his person.






THOMAS TYLER
. I am a servant, and am living with my father, at Bexley, in Kent. On the 8th of July I was at a public-house in Ratcliff-highway—I

pulled my watch out, and Hay ward took it from my hand and absconded with it—Herron was there at the time, and about five women—they were standing by Hayward, and they all left together.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Did you know that house? A. I never was in it before—when I entered the room they were standing about the middle of the room—one of them asked me for something to drink—I said, "I have no money to treat you with"—I had some money—I did not have anything in the room, but seeing the room open, and being a little elevated, I went in—it was then approaching to twelve o'clock—I made known my loss at the time, and the female behind the bar said she knew nothing of it—I then went to the officer in the street, and he said as I could not see the person, he could do nothing—I was not in the public-house more than three minutes—the people were all standing as if they were about to leave—I took out my watch to see the time—I did not see any other policeman till about two o'clock on the following day, and he took me about four o'clock to where Hayward lived—I believe Herron was acting as a pot-man—he was handing a pot of beer about the room—I am sure he is the man—he was the only man I saw in the room.





WILLIAM NICHOL
 (police-constable K 177.) On the 13th of July, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I went to a brothel in Bluegate-fields—I found the prisoners in bed—the prosecutor saw them—he said, "That is the woman that stole my watch, and that is the man that was with her"—Hayward said, "Me, I know nothing about the watch"—Herron said, "Mind what you say, I will make you prove your words; I never was a pot-man in my life."

Cross-examined. Q. That was after the prosecutor said he appeared to be acting as a pot-man? A. Yes—the watch has not been found—I searched the lodging—I went to this brothel in consequence of information the prosecutor had received—he said the woman was in the family-way.
(Henry Soper, a silk manufacturer, of Spital-square, gave Herron a good character.)

HAYWARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined One Year.


HERRON†—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

