




1461. 




EDWARD EVERETT
 and 



ESTHER EVERETT
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Mann Durrant, on the 
9th of Feb., at 


St. George in the East, and stealing 2 coats, value 30s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, 9s.; and 10 keys, 2s.; his goods: and 1 shawl, 10s.; 2 gowns, 10s.; I collar, 1s.; and I brooch, 10s.; the goods of 



Mary Ann Durrant.






MARY ANN DURRANT
. I live at my father's, Mr. John Mann Durrant's, No. 10, Ellen-street, St. George's in the East—it is his dwelling-house. On Monday, the 9th of Feb. last, we left home about six o'clock in the evening, and returned about twelve—we found the street door locked as we had left it—some person had got in with a key—we found a chest in the bed-room empty—there had been two coats, some trowsers, keys, and other things, taken from it—I have examined the property here—it is mine and John Mann Durrant's—I had seen Edward Everett with his brother in the street once—his brother was in the habit of coming to our house.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You have known the brother for two years, as working for your landlord in your house and other houses? A. Yes.





HARRIET FRASER
. Esther Everett asked me to pawn these things for her—I pawned them for different sums, and gave her the duplicates and the money—that was in Feb.





HENRY ABRAHAM BODMAN
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker in Spitalfields. I have a coat and pair of trowsers, pawned on the 10th of Feb., by Fraser, in the name of Ann Lloyd.





HARRIET FRASER

re-examined. I pawned them in that name because Edward Everett told me to do so the first time.





WILLIAM WIGGINS
. I am assistant to Mr. Sowerby, a pawnbroker. I produce a shawl, pawned in the name of Ann Johnson, on the 10th of Feb., I cannot say by whom.





CORNELIUS FOAY
 (police-constable H 20.) I went to the prisoners' lodg-ing, and found the duplicates corresponding with these things—while bring-ing Edward Everett down to the office, he said, "I did not enter the house; there were others in it; the property was brought to my house."

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you know the prisoners are married? A. Yes—I found the certificate in the room—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. George in the East.

EDWARD EVERETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


ESTHER EVERETT—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
