



2466. 




JOHN DONOVAN



, for a robbery, (with three persons unknown,) on 



John Chambers; putting him in fear, and stealing from his person, and against his will, I watch, value 2l.; and striking, beating, and using other personal violence to him; having been before convicted.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN CHAMBERS
. I live in the Old Kent-road—I am traveller to Mr. Joseph Lloyd, of Duke-street. On the evening of 11th Oct. I was walking in Willow-walk, Bermondsey, at a little after eight o'clock, near the Greyhound-yard—I was seized from behind, as it appeared, by more than one person—they put their hands over my eyes—after knocking me down, they let me go, and went away—while they were about it, one of them said, "Quick! quick!"—I was then knocked down, and they ran off—there were four of them—they turned to the left, towards the Grange-road—I got up and called "Thieves!" and "Police!"—I had lost my watch during the time they had been pressing on my throat—I saw the policeman get over the back premises of Alfred-terrace—I saw Mr. Maeer—he called out, and I went round to the front of Mr. Maeer's house, and saw the prisoner in custody of the police—he asked why he was taken, and said he went over there for a necessary purpose—my watch was found in the garden adjoining the house—this is it (produced).

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far is the place where you lost your watch from the place where you saw the policeman getting over the garden-fence? A. Perhaps 700 or 800 yards—you go to the bottom of Grange-road, and turn to the right, and then to the left—I did not see the policeman till I saw him getting over that fence.





JOHN SURMAN
. I live in Caroline-street, Old Kent-road, with my parents. I am employed daily by Mr. Mullins, a surgeon. On Wednesday night, 11th Oct., between eight and nine o'clock, I heard a cry of "Police!" coming from Willow-walk—it was moonlight—I stopped and looked down the walk—I saw a gentleman lying down, and four men upon him, stooping and bending over him—I saw one of them feeling about his clothes—I noticed that that one had no whiskers—it was the prisoner—I am sure he is the man—I saw the men who were there going away from the gentleman when they heard me cry "Police!"—I ran up toward? the place, and saw the four men turn round the Grange-road—the prisoner was one of them—they ran down Queen's-road, down Alfred-street, and got over toe back wall in Alfred-terrace—there is a high heap of dirt there, I got on it, and saw three of the men go to the right, over the Palings, and I saw the prisoner go into Mr. Maeer's garden down by toe kitchen door—I saw a policeman getting over another garden, and I cried out, "Here he is; here he is," pointing to Mr. Maeer's garden—I saw Mr., Maeer come out of his door, and presently the door was opened and a light was brought, and I saw the policeman go down to the kitchen door with the prisoner—I followed him to the station, and recognised him as being the person—I have no doubt of his being the person.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you notice the other men? A. I did when they turned the corner, I saw two of the others had whiskers, I do not know what the other had—when this was done, I was passing the end of Willow-walk—I cannot tell how far I was off exactly; twenty-four yards, I daresay—when I was calling, "Police!" I ran towards the bridge, and the four men ran towards the toll-gate, and when I saw them running I followed—if this man had not been taken that night I should have been able to recollect him—I should know him by his clothes—he had a green waistcoat on—I was not acquainted with him before—I saw him taken in the garden—I could see that, because I was on a high heap of dirt at the back of Alfred-terrace—I did not know the policeman before this time—I am twelve years old—I never was a witness before—I work regularly for Mr. Mullins.





JOSEPH MAEER
. I took the prisoner that night in my wash-house—he could not have got there without getting over a paling six feet high—there were two fences for him to get over—he said he came there for a necessary purpose.

Cross-examined. Q. Could he not get there without going over a fence six feet high? A. No; not without opening the front-door of the houses—I cannot say whether there is any dirt outside.





JANE BEUZE
. My little boy found this watch in my presence on the left hand side of the garden—I know where the prisoner was found; it was about twenty yards from there—he would not have to pass that place—he must have thrown it over.





JOHN WRIGHT
 (policeman, M 63). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted 6th July, 1846, transported for seven years)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years
.
