



574. 




HENRY RICHARDSON
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Francis Gautier, on the 
30th of Dec., at 
Lambeth, and stealing therein, 3 gowns, value 3l. 7s.; 1 jacket, 14s.; 1 coat, 1l.; and 1 apron, 6d.; his property.






SARAH GAUTIER
. I am the wife of Francis Gautier, and live at No. 14, Palace-street, in the parish of Lambeth. Last Friday I left the housr at

six o'clock in the evening—there are lodgers in the house—left the door as it is always left, on the latch—it would open with a latch key—I am quite sure I left it shut—I came home about half-past eleven o'clock, and next morning missed a morning dress, which I wished to put on, and at one o'clock in the day I missed a black silk dress, a green silk dress, my husband's coat, a jacket, and apron—I saw them all again at the police-office.





WILLIAM GUEST
. I am a policeman. Last Friday evening I was in the Westminster-road, about 500 yards from Mr. Gautier's bouse, and met the prisoner carrying a bundle—I followed him about half way down the New Cut, and asked what he had under his arm—he said, "A gown"—he could not tell what else—I asked him to let me see them—I took him into a potato-warehouse, and asked him again if he knew what was in the bundle, before I opened it—he said he could not exactly say—I took him to the station after great resistance—he threw himself down, and said he would not go, and used threatening language—I found then the bundle contained two silk gowns, one cotton one, a jacket, a frock-coat, and apron—I found a latch key and a drawer key on him at the station, with a box of lucifers—I went to Mr. Gautier's afterwards, tried the latch key, and found it opened the door with ease—when I first saw the prisoner he said a woman had given him 6d. to carry the bundle to a street on the other side of Blackfriars-road, and at the station he said a man gave him 6d. to carry it, and refused to answer any further questions.

Prisoner. He began to knock me about—he was dressed in private clothes, and I said I would not go with him. Witness. I did not knock him about at all—he threw me down, and kicked me very much—he put his hand into his pocket, as I thought, to get a knife—it took three or four constables to take him to the station, he was so violent.

MRS. GAUTIER
re-examined. These are all our property—the value of the whole is 5l., I think, to me—the apron they are wrapped in is not mine—my apron is inside.

Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming along the Westminster-road a man asked me to earn 6d. by carrying a bundle down the Blackfriars-road; he asked if I had got a handkerchief; I said, "No;" he asked me to take my neck handkerchief off; I took my apron off, and tied them up; I could not exactly tell what they were, as I did not notice them as I was tying them up.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Twelve Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

