



827. 




MARY CARTER, alias
 Frances Leonard

, was indicted

 for uttering counterfeit coin, she having been before convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint, I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Mary Carter at this Court, in Aug., 1843, of uttering counterfeit coin—(read.)





JAMES DRISCOLL
 (police-constable C 2.) I attended these Sessions in Aug., 1843, and was present when the prisoner was convicted of uttering two counterfeit shillings—I was the officer in the case, and had her in custody.





SARAH ROGERS
. My husband keeps the White Hart, Drury-lane. On the evening of the 13th of March the prisoner came for half-a-pint of porter, which came to 1d.—I served her—she gave me a shilling, and at that time put her hand to her mouth, and said she had received a blow on her lip—I said the shilling was bad—she said she did not know it—my husband came and took the shilling out of my hand—she was taken into custody.





WILLIAM ROGERS
. I am the witness's husband. She gave me a bad shilling—I called a policeman, and gave the prisoner in charge, with the shilling, which I first marked.





JOHN JONES
. I am a chemist, and live in High Holborn. On the 12th of March, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came and asked for an opening powder for her child—I gave her one, which came to 1 1/2 d.—she gave me a shilling—I saw it was bad, and cut it in two, told her it was bad, and asked where she got it—she said her husband gave it to her—she gave me the name of Mary Flannagan—she wanted one of the halves of the shilling to take home to her husband, to show him it was bad—I said he must come and see it himself—nobody ever came—I put away the two halves, and gave them to Atwood—I am certain of her—she has a mark on her lip.





HENRY ATWOOD
 (police-constable F 152.) On the 13th of March, Jones gave me these two halves of a shilling—I apprehended the prisoner the next day, and Rogers gave me a shilling.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint—the shilling and two halves are counterfeit—they are not from the same mould.

Prisoner's Defence. I never was in that man's house in my life, and know nothing of what I am charged with.




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The prisoner had been convicted five times of like offences.)
