




1048. 




JOHN EDMEADS
 and 




JAMES BURTON
 were indicted for

 feloniously having in their possession a mould with the obverse and reverse side of a half-crown.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) "On the 28th of Feb., from information I received, I went to a house in Green-court, Brick-lane, St. Luke's, with Hull, Redman, and Cole—I entered at the front door, went up stair to the door of the first floor room, found the door fast, and proceeded to force it open—I succeeded in forcing the upper part open sufficiently to be able to we into the room, and saw the prisoners there—Edmeads was sitting with his face towards me, and Burton was sitting sideways, Edmeads holding something white in his hand, and Burton holding a large spoon close to that white

substance in Edmeads's hand, with a pail between them—directly the door was broken open they saw me, and both put their hands out as if flinging something into the nice clear fire which was burning—I did not see any thing pass from their hands—I then noticed Edmeads put something white into his mouth—it was the same white thing as I had seen in his hand—Burton went towards a cupboard in the room, then came to the door, and put his shoulder against the door and resisted us very much as we were still trying to force the other part of the door—at last, with the assistance of the officers, I forced the door open, seized Edmeads by the throat, and four pieces of plaster of Paris came from his mouth—I looked at the pail, and noticed some melted white metal in it—Edmeads resisted very much—there was some plaster in the pail besides and water—I went to the cupboard I had seen Burton go to, and found two moulds, which I produce—when I first entered the room I asked Edmeads what he meant by this—he said, "I don't know what you mean"—I said to Burton, "What game do you call this?"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—we took them into custody, and took possession of the things I now produce.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBERTSON. Q. As soon as you opened the door you could see what the parties were about? A. Yes—directly the door was opened they removed—I crept up the stairs very gently—forcing the door made a noise—Burton put the spoon back towards the stove—I did not see him do any thing in the cupboard—I could not—his hands were white as if he had been handling some plaster—this plaster was found in the cupboard—I saw some white laying about the room—I do not recollect seeing a clothes brush—I will swear Burton had not one in his hand.

Edmeads. Q. On your oath, did you come softly up stairs or run up? A. Very softly, as quietly as I could—the very first shove I gave the door the top part came open—(the witness's deposition being read at Edmeads's request, agreed with his evidence.)





JOHN HULL
 (policeman.) I accompanied the other officers to this room—the door was fastened with a poker stuck into the wainscot with a staple—we burst the pannel of the door open—Burton turned round previous to our going into the room, and threw something into the fire-place—Edmeads took something up, which was part of this plaster of Paris mould, and put it into his mouth—I saw Brannan take it out of his mouth—I found this pipkin on the fire with this iron spoon and part of the metal in it, and three half-crown pieces—I also found this mug.

Cross-examined. Q. How long were you breaking open the door? A. I should say half a minute—they were sitting with a pail of water between them—Burton turned towards the fire, threw something in, then directly got up, came to the door, and tried to prevent our coming in—I and the other policemen were standing together—the cupboard was on the same side as the fire-place, on the opposite side of the room.

Edmeads. He said I took something up, and put it to my mouth, and threw something into the fire. Witness, I did not see Edmeads throw anything into the fire—he took up this part of a mould—his mouth was all covered with white—we went up stain softly.





HENRY REDMAN
 (policeman.) I went to this room—when the door was partly forced open I saw Edmeads throw something into the fire—we forced the door open—Burton resisted our opening it—when we got in I saw Edmeads with something in his mouth—part of it fell—it was plaster of Paris, like a mould—the other officer took possession of it—I examined the fire-place, and found part of five half-crowns in the fire, burning hot—I raked out some pieces of metal from the fire—I produce part of two spoons, which I found on the hearth, in the fender—I found this metal in the ashes—it was

hot—I produce two forks, which were stock in the floor, with the handle of the broom against them, and the other end of the broom against the door—the poker was put through the staple, to fasten the door also.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there a lock to the door? A. Yes—the door was locked as well—Burton came to the door to prevent our coming in—I saw him standing against the fire-place when the door was partly open.

Edmeads. Q. On which side of the fire-place was I when you first saw me? A. I think the further side from the fire when I first saw him, but the other officers were before me—I saw something in his mouth, then saw him take something and throw it into the fire.





ROBERT COLE
. I accompanied the other officers to the room—I went up a few minutes after the others—I found a plaster of Paris mould for t fourpennypiece; two files, with metal in the teeth, which is there now; a pair of scissors, all over plaster of Paris; a little pot, with some composition, and a quantity of plaster of Paris.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw these things lying about the room? A. The scissors and one file were on the table, and one file on the mantel-piece.

Edmeads, Q. How far were you from the street door when the officers went up stairs? A. One or two yards, watching the window—they went up softly, so that no one could hear them.





MR. JOHN FIELD
, I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. This is a plaster of Paris mould, intended to cast half-crowns—it bears the impression of both sides of a William IV. half-crown—it appears to have been used very much—here is another plaster of Paris mould for shillings of George III., 1816, which appears to have been very much used, and has both sides of the impression—here are three counterfeit half-crowns, all of which have been cast in the mould I have spoken to—two of them are finished, and one unfinished, as it comes from the mould—here are portions of two broken white metal spoons, of similar metal to the half-crowns—here is some more metal, which has been recently fused, and here are portions of counterfeit half-crowns, attached to it, as if thrown into the fused metal while hot—all these half-crowns have been cast in the mould I have spoken to—scissors are generally used to separate the get from coin—this file has white metal in the teeth—it is generally used to remove any surplus metal—this iron spoon has been used to lade the metal from the pipkin—it has metal in it now—the pipkin contains similar metal—I do not know anything of this box of composition—here is some plaster of Paris, the material of which the moulds are composed—these four pieces of white produced by Brannan, as coming from Edmeads' mouth are plaster of Paris in a solid state, but have no impression on them—a pail of water could be used to immerse the moulds into immediately, in cast of alarm, to destroy the impression, which would be done in a very short time—here is part of a mould, for fourpenny-pieces, but the impression is nearly obliterated.

Cross-examined. Q. It is necessary the metal should be in a fused state? A. Yes—they must be near enough to reach the fire to make the half-crowns—this mould is made from a good half-crown—nothing more than the articles produced is requisite to make the coin.





JAMES BRANNAN

re-examined. The fire-place was not three feet from where the prisoners sat—Burton might have reached the pipkin where he was.

Edmeads' Defence. I met Burton in Old-street; be asked me if I could take him where he could brush his coat, as he had been out all night; I said we had no brush at my place, but there was one at my mother's; he accompanied me there, and, on going up stairs, (the key of the door is always left on the landing,) I found the room door ajar, and found the room in the

same state as the officers found it; I just put the piece of iron in the door, as it had no other fastening; I had not been in the room ten minutes before I heard a dreadful crashing up the stairs, and a forcing at the door; before I could get to the door to open it, the top panel came quite in; Brannan laid hold of me, but as to having plaster of Paris or mould in my mouth, I swear it is false; I asked him to call the landlady up; he said, if I said another word, he would knock me down; the woman who lives under the room says they came running up stairs, in such a manner that she has not been able to go out of doors since, she was so frightened.

EDMEADS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

BURTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.





Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

