




1994. 




WILLIAM BROWN
 and 




WILLIAM NORRIS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of June, 1 coat, value 30s.; and 3 gloves, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



James Dormer.






ANN DORMER
. I am the wife of James Dormer, an undertaker, and live in Church-street, Bethnal-green. On the 27th of June I saw a boy about the size of Brown going out of the front shop, with a bundle in a blue handkerchief—I went out, and when I got to the corner of the next street he was in company with another boy in a fustian dress—the boys were about the prisoner's size—the other boy was without a jacket—I went into the house, and missed my husband's coat—I found it at the station-house about an hour and a half after, and the prisoners were there dressed as the boys were—this is the coat—(looking at it.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. How do you know it? A. By the appearance of it, and there are three gloves in the pocket which I know—I had seen the coat half an hour before.





JAMES DORMER
. This is my coat.





DAVID EVANS
. I am a policeman. On the 27th of June I heard of this, and went in plain clothes to Shackelwell-street—an officer called my attention to the two prisoners standing at the corner of Club-row—I saw Brown with a bundle in a handkerchief—he was watched into Phillips's house, which we had been watching—shortly after, Trew and I went to the

house, and asked Brown if a person named Smith lived there—he said, "No"—I asked where the bundle was which he had just brought in—he said he had brought no bundle in—I went, and found it in the corner—he said he did not bring it there—while we were there talking Norris came in—I asked what he wanted—he said he had come to get his boots mended—I asked what was in the bundle which Brown had brought in—he said he knew nothing about Brown, he had never seen him—I said I had seen them together in Church-street, which he denied—Norris had no jacket on.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you see them together at the corner of Club-row? A. After three o'clock—I am quite certain it was the two prisoners.





GEORGE TREW
. I am a policeman. On the 27th of July I saw the prisoners in company together, standing opposite the prosecutor's shop, in Church-street—they had no bundle then—shortly after I saw them go down into Shackelwell-street—Brown had a bundle under his arm, tied in a handkerchief—I afterwards saw Brown run into a house with the bundle—we went in, and Norris came in a minute afterwards, in his shirt sleeves.

Cross-examined. Q. Who is Phillips? A. He was taken for receiving, and remanded for four weeks, and then discharged.





RICHARD MARSHALL
. I let the officers come to my house to watch the prisoners—I saw Brown pass first, with the bundle tied in a blue handkerchief—shortly after I saw Norris go by, without a coat or jacket on.

BROWN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

NORRIS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.




Transported for Seven Years.—Convict Ship.


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

