



1947. 




ELIZABETH MUNDAY
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 saw, value 2s., the goods of 




William Hale; and that she had been twice previously convicted of felony.






WILLIAM HALE
. I am a gardener to Mr. Rayner, of Larkball-lane, Clapham—on the 22nd of Aug. I left my saw in the garden—I missed it—this is it.





CHARLES TILLIER
. On the 22nd of Aug., about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner and another come out of Mr. Rayner's gate—I was looking after them, and told them to stop—the prisoner then threw this saw away—I picked it up—I did not know the saw was missed at that time—I wanted them for an umbrella.

Prisoner. Q. Where did I take the saw from? A. I suppose from under your clothes, because I did not see it at first—you ran ten or twelve yards with it in the open road—you had nothing in your hand when I first saw you.





GEORGI QUINNEAR
 (police-constable 201.) I took the prisoner into custody—I said, " Lizzey. I want you"—she said, "I will not go with you, you b——dog; you are not satisfied because you could not lag me for the b——old umbrella; and now you want to lag me for the b——old saw"—I had not said anything about a saw at that time.





THOMAS EMERSON
 (policeman.) I saw the prisoner about ten or twelve yards from Mr. Rayner's house.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the policeman coming with two enemies of my mother's, who pointed me out, making use of most dreadful names; the policeman laid hold of me; I asked him what it was for; he said, "I will tell you bye-and—bye;" when I got nearly as far as Clapham-common, he said, "Do you know what you are given into custody for?. I said, "No;" he said, "You will very toon know;" when I got to the station, Tillier came in, and the policeman told him he had a young woman for him to look at, and brought a candle to my face; but he said I was not the party.





CHARLES TILLIER

re-examined. I had a doubt of her being the person, because she was in a corner, in the dark—I asked for a candle, looked at her face, and swore to her—I cannot be mistaken.

Prisoner. I had been in the station a quarter of an hour; be could have seen me all the time; the candle was brought to my face five or six different times; the sergeant said, "If you do not know the person, we must let her go;" Tillier said, "We must turn her up;" that means, let her go.





CHARLES TILLIER

re-examined. I did not say so.

Q. How long was it after you saw her throw away the saw, that you found her? A. About a month—she made her escape when it was first missed—I have seen her many times before, and cannot be deceived in her.





GEORGE QUINNEAR

re-examined. It is a tissue of falsehood altogether—when he had a candle he swore to her—he had not been in the room half a minute when he said she was the person.





WILLIAM M'DONALD
 (policeman.) I produce a certficate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1845, and confined



three months)—the prisoner is the person so tried and convicted—I have no doubt about it.





ROBERT HUKES
 (policeman. I produce another certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read Convicted July, 1845, and confined three months)—she is the person so tried and convicted.




GUILTY
 **†. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

