



559. 




CHARLES SKIDMORE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of Dec., 4 sovereigns, the monies of 



Sarah Jane Skidmore; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SARAH JANE SKIDMORE
. I have been servant to Mr. Brown, of Liver-pool. I am not now in service, but live at Lee, in Kent—I have only been at home a month—the prisoner is my brother—on the 17th of Dec., I had four sovereigns in my desk, which I locked—on Saturday the 21st of Dec. I went to my desk, I tried the lock, but do not know whether it was locked or not—I do not know whether the key turned or not when I opened it—there was a mark of the desk having been forced open, and I missed four sovereigns—I had left the prisoner at home on the 20th, between seven and eight o'clock—he has always lived at home at my mother's expense, and has not done any work lately—he never would work—I have frequently given him clothes and other things—I gave him 2d. and 3d. at times, but no silver or gold—I kept my key in my pocket—I had not missed it—I never left it about—he had no means of living—he never did work, only at chance times.





JAMES MUCKLE
. I am landlord of the King's Head, at Greenwich. On Tuesday the 20th of Dec., about half-past ten o'clock, the prisoner came there, and had something to drink—he changed a sovereign to pay for it, and left two sovereigns in my care—in about five minutes afterwards he took them back again, and went away about eleven o'clock at night—I did not know him before.





ALFRED BUTLER
. I am potman at the Eight Bells, at Greenwich. On the 20th of Dec., between eight and nine o'clock, the prisoner came and had a pot of porter, which he paid for with a sovereign—I gave him change.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (police-constable R 49.) I apprehended the prisoner in Queen-street, Greenwich, on the 21st of Dec.—I told him he must come with me—he said, "What do you take me for?"—I said, "On suspicion of breaking your sister's desk open, and taking four sovereigns"—he said, "Well, I suspected that directly I saw you"—I found nothing on him—he said he had been robbed of 2l. 15s.





JAMES THOMPSON
 (police-constable R 234.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which 1 got from the office of the Clerk of the Peace of Maidstone—(read)—I was present when he was convicted—the prisoner is the person described in the certificate.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

