




780. 




THOMAS WHOREWOOD
 and 




CAROLINE ANDREWS



were indicated for feloniously assaulting 



Alexander Fullerton, putting him in fear, &c., and stealing from his person &c., 1 bag, value 1d.; 4 sovereigns, 1 halfsovereign, 35 half-crowns, 52 shillings, and 1 sixpence, his property; and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ALEXANDER FULLERTON
. I am a collecting-agent, and live in Bartholomew-square, St. Luke's. On the 15th of Feb. I met the prisoners at the house of Mr. Thoms—I had a little gin there—they had some of it—I remained in their company there for ten or fifteen minutes—then Whorewood went out before me, and the brother of the prisoner Andrews—I went out afterwards, and went to the City Arms—the prisoner Whorewood joined us there, and Andrews followed us there—Charles Thomas, who is Andrews' brother, followed us to the City Arms—the prisoner, and Thomas, and myself,

were all at the public-house—there were some coal-porters round the bar—I called for some gin, and paid for it—Whorewood proposed to me to toss for some gin, and I did; and after that Andrew said she would toss me, which I did—then her brother said he would toss—I lost all except one time, and paid all, and at one time I took out a white canvass-bag in the shape of a purse, which had four sovereigns and a half and 7l. in silver in it—there was a dispute between Andrews and me about the toss—Whorewood came and put his finger in my face, and challenged me to flight—I went out into the yard, and he went out—before I was prepared, he knocked me down, and I immediately felt the purse leave my pocket—I felt a hand take it out—Andrews was by at the time—she had come out with him—she kicked me when I was down—I got up, and Whorewood immediately knocked me down again—a coal-porter came to my assistance—I did not get my purse back—when I got up the second time, I said I was robbed in the yard, and when I went into the bar I told Whorewood he had robbed me—he denied it, and an old man said, "Yes, he has, and I saw him take the purse, and give it to the female"—both prisoners were present then.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. What are you? A. I collect orders and money for the Northumberland and Durham Coal Company—I am in their employment—I have known Mr. Thomas six or seven years—I am not in the habit of calling on her—I do not know anything about her being a respectable person—the prisoners were not at her house when I first came—they both came in while I was there—I only sent out for gin twice, for 4d. worth and 8d. worth—five or six persons drank it—we had no more then—Mr. Thomas keeps a private house—I had not been drinking before—we adjourned to the City Arms public-house—there were four or five coal-heavers there—we had 10d. worth of gin before we commenced tossing, 6d. worth and 4d. worth—that was half-a-pint and one glass, among three or four of us—then we tossed afterwards for three half-pints more—we had two pints of neat gin among us—three or four coal-porters drank out of it, besides the prisoners—I knew them by sight, and some of them by name—I believe there were four or five—I do not swear there were not eight of them—I had a quarrel with Andrews about tossing—the male prisoner took her part—I did not tell him I should like to give him a sound thrashing—no angry words passed between us—he said, "I will show you how it is done," and asked me to fight—the only words we had were when he put his finger in my face, and said, "I will show you how it is done; come out into the yard;" and we went out—I did not use the word "thrash" to him—I took my coat off at the yard door—I had two coats on—my money was in my left trowsers pocket—all the persons I could perceive in the yard were the prisoners and Thomas—the coal-porters were not there when I got there first—I was knocked down twice—the coalheavers were there after I got up the second time—I was knocked down directly I got up—I had only walked about one pace—when I got up the second time, I gave an alarm—I did not see how many persons were round me when I was on the ground—I have not been robbed before, except of a gold pin three months ago—I have given the witness Webberley about 7s. as he had had nothing to eat or drink—I have not supplied him with food, except bread and cheese once or twice—he did not tell me he would not give evidence without he received money from me—he asked me for money—he said he wanted something to eat—I have not been in the habit of drinking with him—I never saw him before—I never sipped with him in my life—he did not tell me unless he was paid that he would not give his evidence, nor anything to that effect—he came forward voluntarily, and said he had seen it—I have given Tapping 6s.—I

was rather fresh at the police-court—I was capable of taking care of myself—I may not have noticed all that passed—after I proclaimed that I was robbed, Andrews, it appears, had gone out—she returned directly after—I do not know who accompanied her—I did not see mother come with her—she had said before the bar that she would go and fetch her mother—I do not know whether she returned with a women—her mother came in in a minute or two—the prisoner Whorewood remained there.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Had you been collecting at that time? A. I collected that money that morning—it belonged to the Northumberland and Durham Coal Company—I am obliged to make it good—I cannot very well say what quantity of gin I had had—I was not drunk—I was rather tipsy—I looked very queer when I was knocked down twice and kicked—the knocking down made me worse than the gin—Whorewood did not pull his coat off—he had not time—he knocked me down directly—I believe he pulled his coat off afterwards—I swear he did not take it off first—I did not strike him at all—he struck me—after I was picked up a second time, somebody took me to a pump and washed my face and hands—that person said, "Have you lost your money?" I said, "Yes"—I did feel my trowsers then, but I knew the purse was gone—I first saw Webberley at the bar—I did not see him in the yard—I got up by myself the first time, and was going to walk towards Whorewood, and he knocked me down—I might have intended to strike him, but had not time before I was knocked down—I did not spar up to him—I did not go up on purpose to be knocked down—I did not go up to knock him down—when he knocked me down the second time I was in the act of getting up, and Tapping helped me up—I did not see anybody else round me—it was the first time I was knocked down that Whorewood took the money—I saw him over me when I was knocked down, but when I was down I could not see him, as I was on my side—Andrews did not try to prevent the fight before we went out—I swear that—I have talked this matter over with the prisoner's brother, and said if he would get them to give me my money, I did not want to trouble them—he said he would ask his mother if she had the money—he met me next morning, and said he could not get it from them—he offered to get it from them, but said he could not.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Was it the first time you had ever seen Wibberley? A. Yes.—I gave him 2s. 4d. at Bagnigge-wells police-court—he had been there two days, and I gave him at this court 4s. 8d., 1s. a day, 2s. on Saturday—that was all the money I gave him—Tapping asked me for some money—I gave him 6s. 4d. by instalments, to provide himself with refreshments—he said he would pay me back again—all the quarrel I had was, Whorewood putting his finger in my face, and challenging me to fight—when I was first knocked down, I was just stepping out into the yard in the act of looking round—I was knocked down from rather on one side—I was not sparring, or preparing to fight—when I got up I was knocked down again directly.





GEORGE WEBBERLEY
. I live at a beer-shop in the Kingsland-road. On the 18th of Jan. I was at the City Arms, and saw the prisoners, the prosecutor, and two or three other men—as I went through the passage they were tossing for gin at the bar—I was going into the yard, and they came out to fight—Whorewood knocked Fullerton down—he fell with his head against the pot-house—Whorewood put his hand into Fullerton's left-hand trowsers pocket, took out a white and brown purse, and gave it to Andrews, who took it to one of two men—they passed it among the crowd—the two men went

out at the back door right up the yard, and she went out at the front—she passed it to the men in the passage going to the back door—both the men had their backs to me—I could not see their faces—Andrews kicked Fullerton on the shoulder before she went—Whorewood knocked Fullerton down again—Tapping took him up, wiped the blood off his face, and took him into the house—before that, Fullerton put his coat on, and said in the prisoners' presence, "I am robbed"—Andrews had returned then—he said he was robbed of 11l. 10l., 7l. in silver and four sovereigns and a half—he did not say who had robbed him—he brought a policeman, and gave Whorewood in charge—I told him I had seen the purse taken out of his pocket by the prisoner, and passed away—I did not say that so that the prisoners could hear—Fullerton gave the prisoners in charge.

COURT. Q. Did Fullerton say the prisoners were the people who had robbed him? A. No—he was knocked down senseless, and could not.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. How do you get your living? A. I had a farm thirty years at Radley, in Derbyshire, but was unfortunate—since that I have been drawing gravel and sand for livery stables—I cannot say how many persons were at this place—it was all done in two minutes, and the crowd came—there were four or five persons present—I do not think there were eight or ten—I did not know them personally—I was in the back yard when they came out—the prosecutor and prisoners came out by themselves—at that moment there was nobody in the yard—I saw Fullerton without his coat in his shirt sleeves—they did not spar—they fought two rounds against the pot-house—that is a very narrow place—I will not say how many people were present—it was a good bit afterwards that I stated what had occurred, that I had seen the robbery—Andrews was charged in less then two minutes—I said that I had seen the robbery as soon as I was asked—it was a few minutes afterwards that I said so—I would defy anybody to tell it in the row—I was in trouble eight or nine years ago—I took a bit of oats out of my master's bin, valued at 1/4 d., and gave them to the horse—the doctor had ordered the horse to have corn in its bran—I was tried at Worship-street police-office, and had twenty-one days—I have been in trouble since that—I was carrying a bushel of sand on my back—the policeman took me to the station—they acquitted me, and told him to go and take another rogue—if you know of any other charge made against me, you had better tell me of it—I have been charged with lying out of doors of a night when I could not get a loading.

Q. Was there no charge of dishonesty? A. You prove it, I will let you swear that, if you can find it out—they took me for 3/4 d.—I told them they would not live long after it, and they did not—I may have been as rich as you at one time—I have not changed my name—they have called me Darby because I came from Derby—you may have my character at 7, Wimpole-street—I never had any conversation with Fullerton on the subject of the robbery—he has given me money to buy something to eat with, 7s. altogether—I asked him for it—I did not tell him I would not give my evidence unless he gave me money, nor anything to that effect—he never asked me such a question—he gave me 2s. at Clerknwell—I have not drunk with him but what I paid for with my own money, or if I did not pay for it, I must—I have not drank more than once with him—he gave me the money, and I paid for it—he gave me refreshment in a room when we came from Clerkenwell—he gave me 2s. on the first occasion, and 1s. on the second—he gave me that twice, and 4s. at twice here—I work at Mr. Wood's livery-stables—I have supplied him with gravel sixteen years—I do not know any of Fullerton's friends—I

have seen some of them since the prisoner Andrews was committed—I did not go to them and say, if they gave me money I would slip away—they offered me some—I did not go to them and say, if they would give me money I would go down to Yorkshire, and they could not convict the prisoners—I am a Yorkshire man.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Did Whorewood take his coat off before he struck Fullerton? A. Yes, after Fullerton was in the yard—when the purse was taken, Fullerton was on his back—Whorewood stopped down, knelt on the ground, put his hand into his left trowsers pocket, and took the purse out—Andrews then came up and kicked him on the shoulder—she had come out with them, and was standing against Whorewood when he took the purse—she was at Fullerton's feet—Whorewood passed it away to her—she passed it to two men—they went out at the back door, and she at the front—Fullerton came up ready to fight the prisoner again—he struggled, and the prisoner knocked him down again, and a coal-heaver helped him up—I was in the back yard just by the pot-house, nearer to the prisoners then I am to you—I told Fullerton, as soon as he came in—I said he was robbed—I was across the road—I came through the house—he was before me, talking to the policeman—both the prisoners went into the house before Fullerton got up—I saw him washed at the back door—I heard him say, "I am robbed of my money"—I did not see the man who received the purse after I told the policeman the prisoners had robbed Fullerton—I did not see him at all—I did not see him at the bar when the prisoners were given in charge.





THOMAS SMITH
 (police-constable G 148.) I received charge of the prisoners at the public-house, searched them, and found 6d. on Andrews, and 2d. on Whorewood.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. How many persons were three at the bar? A. About a dozen, chiefly coal-porters.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Were the prisoners drunk? A. Yes—Fullerton was very drunk.





ANN CAULDWELL
. I keep the City Arms public-house. On the 15th of Feb. Fullerton and the prisoners came to my house—there were some coalheavers there—Fullerton passed me in the passage—Andrews went out to fetch her mother—Whorewood remained at the bar—shortly afterwards Fullerton came in—he did not say anything in my hearing—while the prosecutor was at the bar there was no conversation—when he came in there was a young man with him—when he came to the bar afterwards he said he was robbed—I believe Whorewood was there—he passed me in the passage—I saw Webberley—I believe he was perfectly sober—Andrews went home, and returned with her mother.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. You were not there at the commencement? A. No—I was not in the yard at all—I was at the back door leading to where they went out—I did not see Fullerton and Whorewood go into the yard—they passed me in the passage—they came back in front of the bar—I saw three men in the yard, Fullerton and two coal-heavers—I saw no men in the passage—I could not see into the yard.





HANBURY BITTEN
. I am horsekeeper at the City Arms. On the 15th of Feb. I heard of the fight, went into the yard, and saw Fullerton lying down—Whorewood was standing by him upright—somebody helped Fullerton up—he ran towards Whorewood and struck him, and Whorewood knocked him down again—Andrews held her foot up, and said she would kick him, but I do not know whether she did or not—there were persons about—one of them took Fullarton to the water, and washed his face—I heard him say

then that he was robbed—he was rather drunk—the prisoners were sober—I saw Webberley about a quarter of an hour after it was over—he was sober.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. How many coal-heavers were there? A. There were six or seven people, some of them were coal-heavers—I heard nothing of a robbery till Fullarton was being washed—that was about five minutes after he got up—I did not see any person come into the yard before he was washed—he was not stripped for fighting—he had not his coat off—I saw the prisoners there.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Had Whorewood his coat off? A. Yes—I saw that on looking through the window.

JURY. Q. Did any body pick Fullarton up the first time? A. Somebody did—I do not know who.





THOMAS TAPPING
. I am a coal-heaver, and live in Windsor-street, Paddington. I saw the people at the bar—there was tossing going on—Fullarton pulled his purse out with money in it—Andrew said she should like to have it—she spoke loudly enough for anybody to hear—there was a disagreement between Andrews and Fullarton—I saw Fullarton knocked down—I assisted him to a tub to wash his face—he then said he had lost his money—I saw Webberley in the passage.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. How many men were there in the yard? A. Seven or eight I should think—I believe three or four of them were coal-heavers—there was not ring formed in the yard—when I went out they were standing together—the yard is three or four yards wide, and about twenty-eight long—I went in after it was over.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Was Fullarton in his shirt-sleeves in the yard? A. I cannot say—he had one of his coats off.





THOMAS SMITH

re-examined. Andrews was discharged before the Magistrate the first time, and he came to the second examination as a spectator, and was given in charge.





THOMAS TAPPING

re-examined. Fullarton fell five or six yards from the door—the prisoners were taken about a quarter of an hour after the robbery.

JURY. Q. In what position was the pot-house with reference to the back door? A. Opposite the passage—two or three yards from the door—the yard is twenty yards long—the pot-house is taken out of the length of it—it leads to the house—the bar leads to the passage—if you stand at the doorway you can see into the yard—I saw Webberley in the passage, about half-way from the yard.

JURY
to
WEBBERLEY. Q. Where were you standing when you saw what you represent? A. In the back-yard, almost close to the pot-house door—close to the door of the passage—Fullarton and the prisoners were not above three or four yards from me—Fullarton got up by himself the first time—Tapping helped him at the second time.
(Edward Macklin, plumber, of Charlotte-street; John Smith, of Upper Queen-street, Islington; John Lewis, of Compton-street, Clerkenwell; and Joseph Hill, of Calthorpe-buildings, Islington, gave Whorewood a good character.)

WHOREWOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

ANDREWS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

of stealing from the person without violence. 



Transported for Seven Years.

