



2054. 




JOHN DAVIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of Oct., 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



William Norris, from his person, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM NORRIS
. I live in Arbour-terrace, Commercial-road. On Saturday night, about a quarter past eight o'clock, I stopped to look at some plaster of Paris medallions in Whitechapel-road—while looking, I felt a slight touch at my coat pocket—I turned round, put my hand into my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, which had been safe between three and five minutes before—I saw the prisoner standing close behind me—I saw him take his hand from behind me, and put my handkerchief into the bib of an apron he had on—I collared him—he said he had not got it—it was picked up, and given to me—the prisoner ran away—I ran after him, and caught him—he jerked me off, and ran away again, and ran into a policeman's arm—this is my handkerchief.





JOSEPH CANEVALLI
. I am a glass-cutter. I was coming along Whitechapel-road on Saturday evening, about half-past eight o'clock—the prosecutor came up to the prisoner, add wanted his handkerchief of him—he said he had not got it—I saw him take it out of the bib of his apron, and drop it behind him—a stranger picked it up—I saw the prisoner run away, and Norris after him—I ran too.





SAMUEL COTTON
 (policemen.) On this Saturday night I was in Charlotte-street—the prisoner came running down the street, and I stopped him—the prosecutor came up, and charged him with stealing his handkerchief—he made no reply.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not steal it, it was picked up eight or ten yards behind me; I had just stopped to look at a man who was selling some things; when the gentleman turned round I had my hands in my pocket.





EDWARD BURGESS
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted 25th March, 8th Victoria, by the



name of John Griffiths, of larceny; from the person, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person so convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

