



2938. 




WILLIAM HERMITAGE
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Thomas Burton, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person, and against his will, 1 sovereign, 1 crown, 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 2 pence; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS BURTON
. I am a stone-mason, and live in Brompton-road, Browpton-terrace. On Monday, the 16th of Oct., I went into the Hand and Flower, in Kensington-road, about four o'clock, to have a pint of beer-after I had been in about half an hour, I saw the prisoner—he was walking about the room—I noticed his frock—he was tossing with some persons for a pint of beer—he asked me to toss, which I did for a pint of beer—I asked him to drink several times—about seven I left to go home, and he followed me—I said, "Now lam going home"—he said, "Where do you live?"—I told him at Brompton, and it was the nearest way down the lane—he said, "I am going that way, I will go with you"—I said, "Very well"—we went down the lane, and came to the Hind's Head—we both went in there—it was about fifty or sixty yards from the other public-house—there were six or seven men sitting without a cup or glass on the table—they said they were all out of work, and had no money—I said, "That is bad, I will give you half a gallon of beer to drink together," which I did, and paid for it in coppers—then we had a pot, which I was obliged to change a half-sovereign to pay for, which I drew from my watch-pocket—there were two other sovereigns, wrapped in paper—the pot-boy brought me back the change—I put the silver into my right hand breeches' pocket, and the coppers into my left—we drank the beer—I went out to go home—I got into the yard, looked round, and saw the prisoner—I said, "I am going home"—he said, "I am going that way, I will go with you"—he said, "It is dark, let me have your arm"—he took my arm—we went for half a mile—we came to a brick wall in a very narrow place, in Gore-lane, which leads into the Brompton-road—when we came to the corner there was a turn, and there he threw me up, and said, "Now, b—your eyes, your life, or your money"—it put me in great fear, and he grumbled out some words when I begged him not to hurt my person—I had no power to help myself—he kneeled on my chest, and he grumbled out something, that he would do something with a knife, but I cannot say what—he got up and went over some pales into a field—I went and looked—it was soft like grass—I heard his footsteps—he had taken a sovereign from my watch-pocket, and also a 5s. piece, half-a-crown, two shillings, and 2d.—I was there about two or three minutes—when I left the spot I met a stout man, dressed in dark clothes—I asked if he was a policeman—he said, "No"—I told him what had happened, and that I should go home, as I was ill with the fright—he directed me—I got home a few minutes to eight, searched my pocket, and all my money was gone but one sovereign—I put my hand into my pocket, and in drawing it up, I found the sovereign in the pocket, about an inch and a half from the top of it, in the lining—I gave information to the police the next morning, not that night, because I was so ill with the fright I did not know what to do—the nearest station was close to the last public-house where we had been, about half a mile from where this happened—I work with Mr. Barker, at Kensington—my wages are 5s. a day—I drank about two pints in the Hand and Flower, and three pots among nine of us at the other public-house.

Prisoner. At the station he said he went in with me, and then he said he went in with a sawyer—he brought a man up at the examination that had picked up a sovereign on the spot where he lost his—he wanted the Magistrate to redeem the sovereign for him. Witness. An Irishman picked up a

soveriegn at the spot where the scuffle took place—the prisoner did not go into the public-house with me—I never saw him till a quarter or half an hour after I was in there—I did not say at the office that I was drunk—I was not drunk.





JOHN HEPFERMAN
. I am gardener to Lady Elizabeth Whitbread, and live in Gore-lane. About eight o'clock this evening I was coming home from Chelsea, and met the prosecutor—he asked if I was a policeman—I said "No"—he told me something—his excitement was so great, I thought he was more drunk than sober.





JAMES DODD
. I am waiter at the Hind's Head. On the evening of the 16th of October, about seven o'clock, the prosecutor came to our house—the prisoner was there, and other persons besides him, a few of our neighbours—I did not see the prosecutor go away—I cannot tell whether he went alone or not—he had three pots of beer—he was sitting in the tap-room with the prisoner, and there were half a dozen others there—the prosecutor gave me a half-sovereign—he said he had no more money—I saw gold in paper in his hand, besides what he gave me—I gave him change.





SAMUEL PUDDEFOOT
 (police-constable T 127.) I received the prisoner in charge at the station.





ROBERT SIMS
 (police'constable T 113.) I apprehended the prisoner last Tuesday but one, in Gore-lane. I told him I apprehended him on suspicion of accompanying a man home on Monday night, throwing him down, and robbing him—he said he knew nothing about the party.

Prisoner. I asked what he was going to take me for; he would not tell me at first. He asked if I did not accompany a man home last night; I said "No." Witness. No; he said to his father, "Was not I at home, and went to bed at seven o'clock:" his father would not speak—on the following morning I was going down Gore-lane, his mother called me in, and asked what he was done to.

Prisoners Defence. I was in the house, but never went in with the prosecutor or went out with him. The waiter said he was drunk, and he was incapable of taking care of himself. I never went after him: I went home, and went to bed between seven and eight o'clock; at a quarter before eight I was at home and in bed.

JURY
to
JAMES DODD. Q. Can you recollect whether you saw the prisoner in the house after the prosecutor was gone? A. No, he was not there after—I did not consider the prosecutor drunk.





HENRY MOUNT
 (police-constable T 126.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person—I am sure of it—I have known him ever since.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

