



1653. 




JOHN BOLT
was indicted

for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Philip Samuel Everett, on the 
23rd of May, at 

St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, and stealing therein 6 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 1 groat, his monies.






SARAH HANNAH EVERETT.
I am the wife of Philip Samuel Everett—we live in Elizabeth-street, Hackney-road, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green—we keep a chandler's shop, and rent the house—the shop communicates with the rest of the house, without going into the open air. On Saturday, the 23rd of May, about half-past one o'clock, I left my shop, latched the door, and went into the kitchen for a minute or two—I looked towards the doors when I had been in the kitchen two or three minutes, and saw that the shop door was open—I went into the shop immediately—I am sure I had latched the door—I saw the prisoner at the end of the shop, coming from behind the counter—he was not in the shop when I went into the kitchen—I had left no one in the shop—I asked him what business he had behind my counter—he said a little boy threw his cap into the shop, and he went round to pick it up—I took hold of him—I called my son-in-law, who was just outside the door—he searched him, and found 6s., and one sixpence, and a fourpenny piece on him—he did not say any thing It that time, but a few minutes after, when the policeman came, he said he had picked it up on the floor—I dare say we said to him it would be better to confess what be had done, but I was too much flurried at the time to know—we all wished him to tell the truth, but I made him no promises or threats—we keep the money which we take in a wooden bowl in the till—about one o'clock, there was about 6s. 10d. in silver in the bowl—after the prisoner had been searched, I looked in the bowl and found it empty—there was no mark on the money—there was a sixpence, and a 4d. piece in it, and 6s.





THOMAS CHARLES EVERETT.
I am the prosecutor's son. I do not assist in the shop—on the 23rd of May, about half-past one o'clock, I was called into the shop by my mother-in-law—she had hold of the prisoner, who was at the end of the counter—she desired me to search him, because he had been robbing the shop—I put my hand into his left hand trowsers pocket, and found 6s., one sixpence, and one fourpenny piece—I made him no promise or threat—I asked him how he came by that money in his pocket—he said, another boy threw his cap behind the counter, and he picked the money off the floor, behind the counter—I immediately put the money on the counter and went after a policeman—I left the prisoner in charge with my mother till the policeman came, and he was given in custody—the policeman took the money off the counter—there is no mark on it, but it is the same amount as I took from the prisoner.





JAMES LEADER
(police-constable, N284.) On the 23rd of May, I was called to the prosecutor's shop, about two o'clock the prisoner was given into my custody by Everett for robbing the till—he heard that

reason given—I made him no promise or threat—I asked how he came to do it—he said a boy threw his cap into the shop, that he went after it, and he picked up the money on the floor—I took him to the station-house—I saw the money in a bowl on the counter—I took possession of it—this is it—there are 6s., one sixpence, and one fourpenny piece.




GUILTY.† Aged 12.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.




Transported for Seven Years—Convict Ship

