



2458. 




JOHN SHEPPARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of August, 112lbs. weight of rope, value 8s., the goods of 



Thomas Sturge, on a certain quay adjoining to a port of entry and discharge.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 



Robert Mason.—3rd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of the 

East and West India Dock Company.






ROBERT MASON
. I am in the service of Thomas Sturge, a ship-keeper—I was ship-keeper to the Diana, in the East and West India Docks,. On the 3rd of August I left some rope on the quay, and some other things—on the 4th the rope was gone—it was Mr. Sturge's—this now produced is it.





JOHN SIMMONS
. I am a labourer in the East and West India Docks—I saw this rope on the quay, and the prisoner took it away in a truck.

Prisoner. Q. Was nobody with me? A. Yes, another man, but I do not know him.





THOMAS ROBERTS
. On the 4th of August the prisoner came into the Export-dock, and came out with a truck full of rope and shakings—be presented this pass, signed "Robert Burgin," and said he brought it from the baroque Mandingo.





JAMES WILLIAM WILLIAMS
. I am the mate of the Mandingo. I did not give this pass to the prisoner—I have seen Captain Burgin about it, and it is all a forgery—it is not like Captain Burgin's writing—nor is it mine.

Prisoner. Two men who enticed me in gave the pass to me; I cannot read or write; he asked the other man, not me.





THOMAS ROBERTS

re-examined. The prisoner was the active person with this pass—he did not tell me the other man gave it him.

Prisoner's Defence. I was standing at the King's Head, Lime house; two men came to me, and asked me to buy some old rope; they said it was in the dock; they got the pass, and I went in with them—I gave them 7s. 6d. for the rope, and gave them a hand to put it into the truck; as we came to the gate, one of them gave me the pass to give it to the officer; we took it out, and sold it for 9s. 6d. at the marine-store shop,

where I have sold many tons of it before; the men then went away; next day I was going by the Dock, and was taken.




GUILTY
. Aged 71.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(The prisoner had been convicted of felony six times before).
