




384. 




GEORGE WILLIAM DALTON
 and 




GEORGE HARDIMAN
 were indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Clayton William Ward, on the 
29th of November, at 
St. Mary, Newington, and stealing therein 2 lbs. weight of cigars, value 1l.; 1 crown, 2 half-crowns, 16 shillings, 6 sixpences, 3 fourpences, 100 pence, and 100 half-pence, his property.






MARIA WARD
. I am the wife of Clayton William Ward, who keeps a beer-shop in East-street, Walworth, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. On Saturday night, the 28th of November, I was serving in the bar the whole evening, my husband being ill in bed—I remember the prisoners coming in together—they looked round the tap-room, said there was very little fire, and walked out again within five minutes—they had ordered something, but said, "Never mind," and went out—Hardiman walked into the tap-room again in five minutes, looked round, and walked out again—I went to bed about one o'clock—I locked the till, and put the key into my pocket—there was a considerable quantity of copper money in it, some of which I can positively swear to—about seven in the morning my boy alarmed me—I went down stairs, and found the tap-room window open—it is a double window—when I went to bed the sashes of that window were down—I found the till wide open, and a desk which had not been locked was ransacked, and a particular shilling of the reign of George the Second taken out—our premises are next to Mr. Keller's, whose yard comes near our window—any person in his premises could get over the fence, and open the window—we lost from 15s. to 1l. in copper money, and not less than 30s. in silver, and about two pounds of cheroots—we gave information at the station, and on Sunday morning between ten and eleven, the policeman produced some money to me.

Dalton. Q. Will you swear I was in your house on Saturday after-noon? A. Yes, there was a gentleman there when Hardiman came in—you came on Friday, and Saturday as well, I am positive of it.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am pot-boy at the house. I got up on Sunday morning, and found the window-sashes of the tap-room up as wide as they could be put open, and the till in which the copper is kept, wide open.





WILLIAM THOMAS
. I am a police-sergeant. I was informed of this on the Sunday morning—I went and examined the premises—the thieves had entered at the back, by the tap-room window, and gone into the bar—the till had been forced open—MRS. Ward gave me information, and I went with another constable, and took the prisoners at No. 1, Pleasant-place, East-lane—we found Hardiman in bed, and Dalton concealed in the privy, both in the same house—the other constable found 14s. 11d. in copper, under Hardiman's head in bed, and 5s. 4d. in silver was found on Dalton, at the bottom of his trowsers—I went back and searched the privy, and found 108 cheroots thrown down into the soil—MRS. Ward had described some money she could swear to—she saw it at the station—these three penny-pieces were under Hardiman's head—I found a piece of candle in Dalton's bed-room, and a small chisel.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was not the money under the mattress? A. Yes, Davis lifted up the mattress to find it.





RICHARD DAVIS
. I am a policeman. I accompanied Thomas to the house, and found Dalton in the privy—I afterwards found the cheroots in the soil—I found under the bed in which Hardiman was lying, 14s. 11d.

in copper money, which I produce, among which are three penny-pieces claimed by Mrs. Ward—Dalton claimed the money as his.

Dalton. Q. Did you find me in the privy? A. Yes, standing up—you were not coming into the yard from the back door.





JAMES BREWER
. I am a policeman. I was at the station when the prisoners were brought in and searched—the policeman's evidence is correct as to all I know.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you took the boots or shoes belonging to both prisoners? A. I did—I went into the back yard, through which I supposed the entry had been made—there were foot-marks there of one person, which exactly corresponded with Dalton's boots—I observed some mortar sticking to Dalton's boot.

Dalton. My boots were as clean as possible, there was nothing sticking to them.





MARIA WARD

re-examined. I can swear to this penny-piece by its being knocked four-square—I had observed it five minutes before I closed the till—we lost some cheroots, and I believe these to be the same—I can swear to these two other penny-pieces—this one had been in the till above a week—a great deal of money has not been found.

Dalton. Q. Did not the policeman tell you the marks on the penny-pieces before you saw them? A. No, I told him before I saw them, and I said if they would give me a paper, I would draw what was on it—I said I could not tell on which side of a penny-piece one letter was.

Dalton's Defence. I know nothing at all about the robbery—the money belongs to me, I received it for my work on Saturday night.





JOHN MILLWOOD
. I am a bricklayer. Hardiman worked for me off and on, three years, and bore an honest character—he drew a truck from East-lane for the sake of earning 6d.—I did not pay him 12s. in half-pence.
(Hardiman received a good character.)

DALTON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

HARDIMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Nine Months.
