






1525. 




JOHN SPENCE,



 WILLIAM SWAIN
 and 




THOMAS JOHNSON
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



John Roche Williams, from his person; and that Swain and Johnson had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN ROCHE WILLIAMS
. I am a boot-closer, and live in Hampstead-road. On the evening of the 24th of May I was at Greenwich-fair—the officer spoke to me, and I found my handkerchief was gone—I had seen it safe about an hour before—this now produced is it.

Swain. Q. What do you swear to it by? A. By the holes in it—there are about four holes—I won't swear to it exactly.

COURT. Q. Was your handkerchief like this in every respect? A. Yes, exactly the same pattern.





MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City police-constable, No. 274.) On the 24th of May, about seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the three prisoners walking together for about a quarter of an hour, at Greenwich fair—I then saw Spence take a handkerchief from Mr. Williams's pocket and pass it to Swain—Johnson was behind, covering them—as soon as he did it they ran away together behind some booths—I told the prosecutor, and then went after the prisoners—they were all three together—I took them—I had seen them watching people's pockets as they were walking up and down the fair.

Swain. Q. Did you see me with these two prisoners? A. Yes—I found the handkerchief on you—I suppose I was a couple of yards from you when the handkerchief was taken—you went behind the booths the moment it was taken.





JOHN WHITE
 (police-constable R 180.) I found this handkerchief on Swain—two other handkerchiefs were found on Johnson.

Johnson. They were what I fetch my food in; I was only discharged from prison the Saturday before.

Spence. I saw Swain buy this handkerchief.

Swain's Defence. I was discharged from the county prison on the Saturday, and on Whit-Monday I went to the fair with a young man; I happened to miss him, and I met with this lad Johnson; he asked me whether I would stand some beer; I took him into a public-house and stood a pot of beer; a young man came in with a handkerchief and asked me whether I would buy it; he wanted 1s. 6d. for it, and I gave it him; I was coming out of the public-house, the constable saw me, and knowing me by giving me six months at another prison, he took me, and asked me whether I had the handkerchief; another officer said he watched me, and I was by myself; I was with a sailor.





MICHAEL HAYDON

re-examined I had been Swain by himself about three hours before.

Johnson's Defence I was discharged from prison on the Saturday before; I was trying to get an honest living when the officer came and took me; Swaine said he was going to have a pot of beer, and he would give me some.





MICHAEL HAYDON

re-examined I produce a certificate of Swain's former conviction at this court—(read—Convicted 23rd Nov, 1846, confined six months)—the prisoner Swain is the person.





WILLIAM GLADWIN
 (City police-constable, No. 122.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Johnson's former conviction—(read—Convicted 23rd Nov. 1846, confired six months)—the prisoner is the person.

SPENCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined Three Months.


SWAIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Transported for Seven Years.

