



2342. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of September, 9lbs. weight of lead-pipe, value 1s. 6d.;1 copper ball, value 2s.; and two ounces of copper, value 3d.; the goods of 



William Weller; and fixed to a certain building.—2nd COUNT, not stating it to be fixed.






SARAH LANE
. I live at Mr. William Weller's house, in Bride-lane. About eight o'clock, on the 7th of September, I went down stairs to the closet-door in the kitchen, and could get no entrance—I heard the closet-door open after I had been there a second time—I went and met the prisoner on the stairs—I asked where he had been, he said, "To the water-closet—I asked who gave him leave to go there—he said he had been to "tailor Jones's" up stairs—I said there was no tailor Jones there—we had lost pipe before, and he was after more—he said, "Search me"—I said, "No, I will get a policeman"—I shut him up in the cellar, he could not get out—I fetched the policeman, who found this padlock on him—this pipe and ball belong to the cellar, it was gone from the place—they are the property of Mr. William Weller—the prisoner had this wig on.

Cross-examined by
MR. CARTEEN. Q. How do you know Mr. Wellers's name is William? A. He always signs his receipts William—I have known him seven years—there are nine different families live in the house

—I saw these things safe at seven o'clock the evening before—this pipe was in the water-closet—this piece of copper was found in the prisoner's pocket—it belongs to the ball that laid the water on to the cistern—I and another person lived near the place.





EDWIN BURGESS
 (City police-constable, No. 329.) I have examined the premises—I found this small piece of copper on the prisoner—I compared it with this ball, and it fits exactly—the lead and this other piece was in the dust-hole in the cellar from where he was coming, and this wig was in his hat—there was no knife found on him—the pipe was broken off, and there are marks where he had been trying to break off some other.

Cross-examined. Q. In what way would this pipe stand? A. Coming down by the side of the water-closet, from the ceiling, it would be standing against the wall.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
