



348. 




JOHN HATTON
 was indicted

for feloniously uttering a forged warrant for the delivery of 25 pints of wine, with intent to defraud 

the London Dock Company:—other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.


MR. BALLANTINE conducted the Prosecution.





JESSE ELSTON.
 I am a porter, and am in the habit of standing at the gates of the London Docks—I know the prisoner. On 28th Nov., about three o'clock, I saw him at the Dock-gates—I went with him as far as Maxwell's, the Phœnix public-house—I went by this direction to the Dock-Coffee-house, and fetched a half-dozen basket containing half-a-dozen wine-bottles—I did not deliver them to the prisoner, I kept them myself—I met him again at the Phœnix public-house, and he gave me a one dozen basket and this order, No. 4—he told me to go, as I did on the 26th, and sample the wine—he said if the cooper asked me any questions I was not to answer him, but was to say I came from Dingwell and Co.—I went to the proper office at the East-vault, London Docks, and got the samples of wine—as I was coming away I was spoken to by Clements, the officer—I made a communication to him—I was to meet the prisoner at the crescent vault, and if I did not meet him there I was to go on to the Dock Coffee-house—I did not go there with Clements, as he took me to the Guard-house, so that there was some delay—I had never seen the prisoner before I saw him at the Dock-gate on the 26th Nov.,

he then wanted me to go with him to fetch a basket and some bottles, and then to go and sample some wine—he then gave me order, No. 3—I took in into the London Docks, obtained eighteen samples pints of wine for it, and took them to the Phœnix—the prisoner was with me; I left them in the bar by his desire, and left him there.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE.
Q. Do you hang about the Docks? A. Yes—I do not know a man named Dunks—I never heard the name till the prisoner mentioned it at the guard-house—he said I must know Dunks, that he had a white waistcoat on at the Phœnix—I said I should not know him—I did see am man there, I did not take particular notice if his waistcoat—I have not seen him in the Docks since the prisoner has been in custody—I have been about the Docks since—I left the prisoner and the man both together at the Phœnix, when I had deposited the wine.

MR. BALLANTINE
Q. When was it the prisoner said anything to you about Dunks? A. The night he was apprehended—he had not said a word to me about Dunks before—the prisoner did not mention the name of Dunks, or show me any authority from whom he was acting, when he told me to tell the cooper I came from Dingwell and Co.—he did not introduce me to the man in the white waistcoat at all.





RICHARD MICHAELMORE.
 I am clerk at the East-vault, London Docks. There is wine there consigned to Dingwell and Co.—on the 17th of Nov. the prisoner produced a sample order (No. 1) to me, purporting to come from Messrs. Dingwell—I know it by my initials to it—the name of the vessel and captain is mentioned—it would require some knowledge of those particulars to fill up an order of this kind—I signed the order, "Sample, R. M.," in red ink across the middle, and gave it out—that would entitle the cooper to draw the order—I received the sample order on the 21st, and order No. 2 also, from the prisoner, and signed it in the usual way.

Cross-examined. Q. To whom did you give the order on the 17th of Nov.? A. I received it from the prisoner, but cannot say whether he took it back; probably he did—I am sure I received it from him, because I knew him previously—it took me two or three minutes to sign it—I had to refer to a book—the prisoner had to come to a window—three or four people can stand at the window—I had no conversation with the party—it was merely handed in at the window, signed after looking at the book, and handed out again—I got the order on the 21st from the prisoner, and gave it to the prisoner—I recollect that, it being the second order—I particularly noticed that, because I knew him—I knew him the first name—I looked at him more the second time, because he came for the same quality of wine—people often come for the same quality of wine—he was there about the same time on the 21st, about two or three minutes—I had no conversation with him.

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Do you mean you often have to deliver samples of the same wine to the same person? A. Yes—after the third order I made a communication to the Dock authorities—I have frequently seen the prisoner about the Docks, and know him to be there tasting and sampling wine.





BENJAMIN JAMES RANDELL.
 I am cooper's time-keeper in the East-vault, London Docks. On the 17th of Nov. I received the sampling order marked "1"—I received all four orders—I delivered them to Samuel Skey, the cooper

Cross-examined. Q. You do not remember who you got it from? A. Not on the 17th of Nov.—I remember the prisoner presenting me with the other occasions—I had known the prisoner some time—I cannot say whether he presented the others.






SAMUEL SKEY.
 I am a cooper in the East-vault of the London Dockes. On the 17th of Nov. I received an order from Randall, and on the 28th another—I only received the first and the last—the prisoner was present on the 17th—I had shown him wine several times before I knew him—I delivered the samples to the porter who was with him—on the 28th I delivered the samples to the porter alone—Middleton was the cooper on the 28th—I think his name is on the orders.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the prisoner at all the 28th? A. No.





RICHARD BRINSLEY PORTLE.
 I live in Idol-lane, Tower-street—I am a partner in the house of Joseph Dingwell and Co., wine-merchants. We have consignments of wine in the London Docks—I only know the prisoner by seeing him at the Thames police-court—these four orders are not signed by any members of our firm, or by our authority—they are all four forgeries—the wine is properly described—we have wine answering this description in the Docks.

Cross-examined. Q. Who is in the habit of signing your orders? A. Each member of the firm, and one of the clerks—there is nobody here but me.





JOHN CLEMENT.
 I am constable of the London Docks. On the 28th of Nov., in conseqence of a communication made to me, I stopped Elston, the porter, at the west-end of the Docks, just inside the Dock wall—he had a basket and twenty-two samples of wine—I took him to the guard-house—he only remained there a few minutes—he gave me a description—of the party who gave him the order—I did not know him by description—I sent Elston forward to the Dock Coffee-house, and went there myself, but could not find the prisoner—on the 9th of Dec. I went to a public-house on Tower-hill, and saw the prisoner—I told him I was an officer belonging to the London Docks, and said, "You have lodged some orders at the east-vault of the London Docks for samples of wine, in the name of Dingwell and Co., and they turn out to be forgeries"—he said, "i know nothing about them"—Walker, the cooper, was standing at the door of the room, and said to him, "Is this the man?" meaning the prisoner—he said, "Yes"—the prisoner then said, "Oh, I recollect now you mention the name; I had the orders from Dunks"—I said, "I know nothing about Dunks; these two men, walker and Middleton, say they drew the wines for you on the 21st and 26th of Nov., and you were present"—he said, "Oh yes, I know these two young men; they did draw the wine" I said, "There are four forged orders lodged"—he said, "I lodged no orders, the porters lodge them; I had two orders from Dunks—only two"—he said so two or three times.

Prisoner. I never said so. Witness. He said so three times over that he only had two from dunks—I said, "Who is Dunks?"—he said he was in the wine trade, and he had known him about three months—I asked if he could tell me where he lived—he said he did not know, but afterwards mentioned several places where he thought I could find him—I had been to the places he mentioned, as Croft's, in the Strand, the Dock Coffee-house, and a coffee-house in the Minories—I searched him, and in his pocket-book found some blank tasting orders, and a paper of the particulars of wines lying in the London and in St. Katharine's Docks—they were the same sort of orders, and might be filled up in the way those are which have been produced.

Cross-examined. Q. Are they such orders as wine agents have? A. Yes—the Company furnish them—they can be obtained on application—if. the person says he is in the wine trade, they give them—the prisoner said, "Dunks is in the wine trade; I have known him three months;" and he

also added, "He asked me to get the samples for him," and said he supposed they were Dunks' wine.
---- WALKER. I am a cooper in the London Dockes—I sampled some of the wine for the prisoner—I was present when the prisoner was taken—I heard him say Dunks was the man—I did not hear him say how many orders he had from Dunks—I did not here all the conversation.





JOHN MIDDLETON.
 I am one of the coopers—I drew some wine samples, which I delivered to the prisoner—I was present at his apprehension.

MR. DOANE
called






DANIEL SMITH.
 I am a provision-merchant, and have lived in the Commercial-road thirty-four years. I have known a person named Dunks ten or twelve years—I have known the prisoner seven or eight years—I have frequently seen Dunks and him together—I saw Dunks a week before the prisoner was taken—I have not seen him since—I have used my best endeavours to find him, and heard of him in two or three places within the last week—I have had transactions with the prisoner to the amount of between 200l. and 300l., and always considered him honourable.

Cross-examined. Q. What is Dunks? A. He kept the Greyhound in Smithfield, ten or eleven years ago—I do not know what he has been doing since—I have known him since by seeing him with the prisoner, who is a wine agent—I keep a store—I keep an establishment—I do not keep a shop—I keep all sorts of provisions, beef and pork—I am a shipping butcher—I always was a butcher—I got into embarrassed circumstances four or five years ago—I never was in any other business—I have been in the Docks four or five times, but had never drawn samples in my life—the prisoner never showed me any sampling orders—I do not know Dingwell and Co.—I know Dunks by sight—I do not know what waistcoat he wears—I have been to the Dock Coffee-house to make enquiries for him—I dare say they knew him there, and the prisoner also—I never used any of the prisoner's orders—I knew the prisoner was in the habit of sampling wine—if I wanted any wine from any wine-merchant, I have employed the prisoner to get it—I have only done so twice—I got the orders from ward, Brothers, and Co.—I never tasted any of those wines—I have not tasted wines which the prisoner has got more than five times—I will swear I have not twenty times—when I said twice, I meant twice in that house—I have not got samples from any other house—I have had them from him—I have tasted the wine, but never asked any particulars about it—I have paid him for it—I owe no man 1s.—I paid him 30s. for his trouble and expenses—I did not get the wine for nothing—I never had the samples—I got nothing but the taste for the 30s.—he has taken me down in the Dock to taste some port wine for the African market—I do send wine to Africa.

COURT.
Q. Do you know the persons whose wine you sell? A. Yes—when I have tasted the wine, I go to the supposed holder—if he says he knows a butt or two of sherry that will suit the African market, I go to the merchants—I have paid the prisoner 30s. altogether—I have paid him 5s. at one time—the first time was about four months ago.

MR. DOANE.
Q. He did not sell wine, he was a wine agent? A. Yes—when I wanted him I asked him to go, and took his opinion—I gave him 260l. to lay out for me in wine—I gave him a commission at a sale in Mincing-lane—they pay the cash down at those sales—I gave him two 100l. notes, and a 50l. and a 10l. note—he bought nothing, but brought the money back to me honourably—it was a single transaction—I did not attend the sale myself.






CHARLES BURBIDGE.
 I am a perfumer, and live in Clarendon-place, Somer's-town. I know Dunks—he is a wine agent, and lives by getting out Samples of wine from the docks—I have known him three years, and always Knew him to get his living in that way.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you a shop? A. No, a small private house, and perfumery, pomatum, and lip-salve in it—I make lip-salve—I occupy the lower part of the house—I have never seen the prisoner before—I believe Dunks is keeping out of the way.

COURT.
Q. When did you hear that? A. I saw him last Thursday—had no power to take him—I met him in Fleet-street, near Temple-bar—I said to him, "You are going to destroy this young man that was at the Old Bailey last Session"—he said, "what is that to you?"—we did not walk Arm-in-arm—I parted with him—he turned and walked five or six doors with Me—he said I could often have earned a pound if I had gone down to the Docks with him—I did not go with him.

Q. How do you know he got his living by getting samples of wine out of the docks, did you ever see him in the docks in your life? Q. I have met him at a public-house with samples of wine, and he has applied to me to fill up blank forms for him—about six months ago he showed some to me, he said he would put 1l. In my way if I would fill up, copy off, thirteen little orders—he said it was all square—I said I did not think it was, and if I copied them I should consider it a forgery—I out him—after that proposal he merely saluted me in the street just for a few minutes—he has passed me several times in the street before that and since this occurrence.




GUILTY. Aged 43.—


Transported for seven Years.

