



202. 



FRANCIS BULL
 was indicted

 for that he, on the 
24th of Jan., at 
St. Ann, Blackfriars, being in the dwelling-house of 




James Law, about the hour of three o'clock, did steal 1 coat, value 2l.; 3lbs. weight of cigars, 1l. 10s.; 1 pocket-book, 6d.; 1 ring, 6d.; 4 crowns, 8 half-crowns, 60 shillings, 30 sixpences, 9 groats, 48 peace, 144 halfpence, and 144 farthings; his goods and monies; and afterwards did burglariously break out of same dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY LAW
. I am the wife of James Law, who keeps the Blue Last, Lud-gate-hill—in January lst the prisoner engaged a bed at our house—he came about noon on the Monday, and slept there two nights—about three o'clock on the following Wednesday morning I was called up, and he was gone—(I and my husband went to bed at half-past twelve the overnight, and the house was then secure)—I found the desk in the bar-parlour had been broken open, and from 6l. to 7l. in silver gone—it was safe in the desk when I went to bed—I missed three bundles of cigars, worth 10s. a pound, 1l. worth of silver from the back of the till, and my husband's coat from the bar-parlour, which was worth 2l.—I found this coat there, which the prisoner had worn the day before—it belongs to Mr. Murus, at the Black Horse, Westminster—I have since seen my husband's coat with Thornton.

Prisoner. Q. Did I pay you? A. The first time you came you paid me 1s. 6d.; the second night you went to bed without paying—you did not offer to take the least liberty with me.





STEPHEN THORNTON
 (police-constable A 26.) I produce this coat, which the prisoner was wearing—I took him at Lewes gaol on Saturday night, the 21st of Nov.—I went there from information from the superintendent, that a person was in prison in the country who it was supposed had committed various robberies in London—the description seemed to tally exactly—I found on the prisoner this waistcoat, a purse containing thirty-one farthings, a half-sovereign weight, and some base coin.





JAMES MURUS
. I keep the Black Horse, Westminster. On Friday, the 6th of Jan., the prisoner came to my house—this coat, which was left at Mr. Law's, is mine, and was taken from my bar on Monday morning—it was in my posession at the time the prisoner came.





LUCY RICHARDS
, Walworth-road. I was living at the Blue Last at the time of the robbery—I was the first person who came down, about three o'clock on Wednesday morning—I found the bar door open, the street door open, the desk broken open, and the till open—I had seen the prisoner in the house two days before.





HENRY HARPER
, superintendant of the East Sussex constabulary. On the 9th of Feb. I received information that the prisoner had broken open two boxes—I apprehended him at the Hayward's-heath station in the country—he was too late to go by the railroad—he was convicted of those Monies—I found on him this drill, which I have compared with the desk at Mr. Law's, and those boxes in the country, and it corresponds exactly with the marks on the desk—I found on him a ring of Mr. Law's, and some bad monies, which had been in the till, a key which is particularly marked, and a shot-case,

which Mr. Law identifies—I also found in a pocket-book of the prisoner these papers, which Mr. Law identifies as being lost out of his coat pocket.





MARY LAW

re-examined. This is my husband's coat which was lost the morning the prisoner went away, and this is the coat which the prisoner left behind; this is my ring—I left it in the window of the bar-maid's bed-room, when I took it off to wash my hands—I had seen it about six o'clock in the evening previous to the robbery—there was no other man lodging in the house but the prisoner, and no other person missing from the house.





JAMES LAW
. I keep the Blue Last public-house in the parish of St. Ann, Blackfriars—this is the key of No. 3 room, and is marked with three marks—it was lost about the time the prisoner went away—this shot-case I can swear to—I had three half-crowns and a shilling in a private drawer, which I had put aside as bad and unfit for circulation, and the marks of this instrument correspond with the marks on the desk—I had suspicions of the prisoner, and sat up an hour after the others had gone to bed—this is my coat.

Prisoner. This shot-case I borrowed of a man in the country, and these caps that are in it—I can swear it was never in the prosecutor's house. Witness. I borrowed it from a person in Northamptonshire, and missed it—these papers are my handwriting, and were in the pocket of this coat, which was hanging up the night before.

Prisoner's Defence. I brought the instrument from a blacksmith at Waldruff, for which I was committed for eight months; I got the shot-case from a certain gentleman living in the same place.





HENRY HARPER
 produced a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, but it was subsequent to this offence.




GUILTY
of the burglary, but not of the previous conviction
.—



Transported for Life.


Fifth Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.

