



1082. 




EMMA HARLING
 was indicted

, for that she, on the 
12th of February, upon a certain female child (now deceased) feloniously did mike an assault, and did attempt to suffocate and drown it by casting and throwing it into the soil, water, and filth of a certain privy, with intent feloniously, wilfully, and of her malice aforethought, to kill and murder the said child.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






LYDIA LEMOYNE
. I keep a ladies' school in Canonbury-lane, Islington. The prisoner was my cook—on the 23rd of February, a little after eight o'clock in the evening, I saw her in the kitchen sitting by the fire, complaining of violent pains in her back—I spoke to Mr. Semple, a medical man, who happened to be in the house at the time—I went to the privy, which is in the garden, immediately after speaking to Mr. Semple, and saw some ashes or mould had been recently thrown down on the soil—I had a candle with me, and besides the mould, there were two or three garden-pots, or parts of garden-pots thrown there—I beard no noise—I then came back into the house, and went to the prisoner with Mr. Semple—she was still in the kitchen—Mr. Semple asked her if she was in the family way, or had been so—she denied it—he remarked some appearance of blood on her arm, which she said was occasioned by salting some beef, which I contradicted, as I had salted it myself—she complained of being

very unwell and very sick—Mr. Semple said she had better confess—she said she had nothing to confess—I saw part of the floor of the kitchen had been recently washed between where she sat and the door—her sister was in my service as housemaid—after this conversation, I went to the privy again with her sister, and then heard the cry of a child in the cesspool—I immediately called Mr. Semple, who accompanied me to the place, and with some difficulty extricated a female child with a pair of tongs—I thought it was dead, but Mr. Semple restored it by means which he used—I had seen two baskets of cinders in the scullery that day, and after this search, I saw one of them was empty.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had she been in your service? A. Nearly twelve months.





WILLIAM SEMPLE
. I am a surgeon, and live at Islington. I was at Miss Lemoyne's house on the night in question, and at her request went down into the kitchen to the prisoner, who was sitting by the fire in a state of very considerable exhaustion—I examined her externally, and found some flabbiness about the abdomen—I saw a good deal of blood on her arms, and suspected she bad delivered herself—I asked whether she had been in the family way, and whether she was married—she said "No"—I said, I suspected she had been delivering herself, and it would be well if she would say, and she had better say so to her mistress, as something might be done, thinking the child might be in the house, but she said, "No"—I afterwards went to the privy, and took the child out—it was a female—I found it lying partly on its back and partly on its side; the legs only were seen above the soil; the head and upper part of the body were buried with the ashes and mould—it was apparently dead, but I had heard an indistinct moaning before I took it out—I used a warm bath and friction, and ultimately restored it—I found the placenta in the cesspool, just by the child—the umbilical cord was torn—Miss Lemoyne asked the prisoner, in my hearing, if she knew why the mould and ashes were thrown down—she said, she had not thrown any down for many days before—this was before the child was found.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you had much experience in delivering women? A. I have—I never knew of a woman being delivered involuntarily and almost unconsciously, but have heard such a fact; I believe it sometimes does occur in small abortive children—I have known instances of delivery so rapid, that persons have been unable to obtain assistance in time—I can suppose there may be sensations, previous to delivery, very similar to an inclination to go to the closet.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was this a full grown child? A. Yes.





ELIZA HARLING
. I am the prisoner's sister, and housemaid to Miss Lemoyne. On the evening in question I noticed my sister going to the privy twice—I had no reason to believe she was in the family way—I did not see any thing come from her in the kitchen—that evening I saw some blood on the floor—I did not see where it came from—she was before the kitchen fire at the time—the blood was against the kitchen door—I cleaned it up—nobody desired me to do so—I knew my sister was ill, but did not know what was the matter with her—I asked her; she said she should get better, and did not tell me—I saw her carry some ashes in a shovel that evening out at the back door which leads to the privy.

Cross-examined. Q. You never had reason to suppose she was in the

family way, and you slept with her every night up to this time? A. I slept with her.

MISS LEMOYNE
re-examined. I always thought the prisoner extremely kind to children, but I have none under my care under twelve years old—I have seen her very kind to the children at my house occasionally.





ROBERT SEMPLE
. I am surgeon of the parish of Islington. I saw the prisoner, on the Monday following the Saturday, in the workhouse—I examined her person—in my judgment she had recently been delivered of a child—she was then suckling the child—I attended the child until its death—it lived about eleven days—its death was owing to diarrhoea, and had no reference to what had taken place—on the morning I saw her suckling the child, I told her it was a sad business—I cannot take upon myself to say what she said—she did not say much—she said the was single.





JAMES FINK
. I am a policeman. I was called to Miss Lemoyne's house on the 12th of February, and found the prisoner in the kitchen about a quarter to ten o'clock—I went to the privy, and saw some garden-pots, and a quantity of cinders and mould on the surface of the soil—I took the prisoner and child to the workhouse that night—the prisoner told me, when I found her in bed at the house, that it was her child, and she had dropped it in the privy—I asked her if she bad thrown it in or dropped it—she said she had dropped it in.

MR. CLARKSON
to
ROBERT SEMPLE. Q. Did she appear to treat the child with kindness until it died? A. Yes—she herself required about three weeks medical attendance.

MISS LEMOYNE
re-examined. I found no preparation made for a child—no linen or clothes at all.





ELIZABETH HARLING

re-examined. I did not throw any of the ashes, or mould or pots into the privy.




GUILTY. Aged 23.—Recommended to mercy.
—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
