



918. 




HENRY PRATT
 was indicted

for feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 10l. 10s., with intent to defraud 




Sir Walter Rockliffe Farquhar, Bart, and others; another COUNT, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Thomas Home Williams.






THOMAS HOME WILLIAMS
. I keep a tavern in Albemarle-street, Piccadilly. On the 26th of March the prisoner came to my house, and represented himself to be Major Henries, just arrived from India—he said his luggage was at the Golden Cross, and asked me if I would take care of it while he went into the country—he said, "I have two watches, one of which I wish you to take care of till I come to town again, it will be sent here in the course of the day"—about one o'clock that day the porter brought the watch from Mr. Dent's in the Strand—the prisoner was not in at the time, but he had made me so fully believe that he was the Major, that I told the porter it was correct—he, however, took the watch back, and brought it again between three and four o'clock—he had just left it in my care, when the prisoner drove up in a cab—I said to the porter, "Here is the Major; stop, and receive your check"—I told the prisoner the watch was come, and I said, "You had better write a check for it"—he said, "My father knows your writing better than he does mine; you write it, and I will sign it" (I had before had some conversation with him about the Right Honourable John Charles Herries, and he told me in the morning that he was going down to his father's seat) I wrote the check, and be signed it—this is it—he said, "The family don't know that I am in town; you had better go down with the check to the bankers, that there may be no mistake"—I went down to Herries and Farquhars' with it—(check read)—"London, March 26,1845.—Messrs. Herries and Co., Please to pay to Mr. Dent the sum of ten guineas, on account of the Right Honourable John Charles Herries. Major R. Herries"—the prisoner wrote this name at the bottom, and he made me believe he was the son of the Right Honourable John Charles Herries—I had said to him several times, "If you are the Major, you are very much altered," for I had not seen him for six or seven years—I knew Captain Herries years ago, and believed the prisoner was him—he told me he was the son of the Right Honourable John Charles Herries—I went with Mr. Dent's porter to Herries and Farquhar's, as I was known there—they would not have paid the check otherwise.





CHARLES ISTED
. I am porter to Mr. Dent of the Strand. I went to the hotel in Albermarle-street, and left a gold watch which the prisoner had ordered—he represented himself as Major Herries, from India—I left the bill and receipt—I did not see the prisoner sign the check, but I went to the banking-house, and got the money.





CHARLES JOHN HERRIES, ESQ
. I am a Commissioner of Excise, and a son of the Right Honourable John Charles Herries—I have a brother in the army in India—his name is William Robert—I have no other brother in India—the prisoner is no relation of mine—I am quite sure he is not the son of the Right Honourable John Charles Herries.






THOMAS HOULSTON
. I am a bookseller, and live in the Strand. On the 26th of March the prisoner called on me, and requested some paper—he wrote this paper (looking at it) in the shop—he here signs himself "R. HERRIES"—he said he was the son of the Right Hon. John Charles Herries; that he was a major in the army, and had just returned from India; that he had been at his father's house in Albemarle-street, and had forgotten something of importance there.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in liquor; I do not remember anything about it. THOMAS HOME WILLIAMS
re-examined. I believe it was so—when I went to the banker's, I told Mr. Walker that he was either a little touched in his head, or else he was in liquor, which they attributed to his long journey—he said he had arrived on the 25th.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(Joseph Shackell, a police-inspector, stated that there were about thirty other cases against the prisoner.)
