



1313. 




JOHN HILL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of April, 1 bit, value 1s.; 1 bridle, value 1s.; 1 kirting-strap, value 1s.; 1 bellyband, value 1s.; 1 crupper, value 2d.; and 1 horse-shoe, value 1d.; the goods of 



Thomas Smith.






THOMAS WILKES
. I am groom to Thomas Smith, of Cowley-mill, Hillingdon. I saw these articles safe on Thursday, the 23rd of April—they were brought to me—they belong to Thomas Smith—I had seen them on the premises that day.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. The articles are rather old, are they not? A. Yes, they had hung up in the stable for three months, and had not been used, as we had got fresh harness—I had sold the prisoner two bundles of horse-hair that day for 3d.—it was not Mr. Smith's, it was my own—I combed it out of Mr. Smith's horse—I told Mr. Smith of that—I kept the 3d. myself—there was no talk between the prisoner and me about the harness—the prisoner went out of the stable with me, and I thought he went out of the yard, but I did not see him go out—I cannot say whether he came back—it was about half-past two o'clock.





GEORGE FELTHAM
. I am a policeman. About half-past seven o'clock, on the evening of the 23rd of April, I was between Cowley and Drayton, near the railway bridge, and met the prisoner carrying this bag on his back—it appeared rather bulky and heavy—I said, "What have you in the bag"—he said "Nothing but a few rags and bones"—I said, "You have something more than rags and bones here"—he said, "There are tome bits of old leather, for which I gave 1s. 6d."—I said, "To whom?" he said he did not know that he was a general dealer, and it was not his business to ask persons questions from whom he bought goods—I took him into custody, and found he had these articles.

Cross-examined. Q. How far was he from the prosecutor's? A. Half or three-quarters of a mile—he said nothing more than I have stated.





THOMAS WILKES

re-examined. I swear I never sold him any part of the harness.
(Mary Baylis of Uxbridge gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.** Aged 28—


Transported for Seven Years.
