




1489. 




ELLEN LOVE
 and 




SARAH BEADLE
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Cox, on the 
13th of June, at 

Camberwell, and stealing 24 spoons, value 9l.; 17 forks, 12l.; 2 ladles, 1l. 18s.; 1 fish-slice, 1l.; 1 butter-knife, 10s.; 1 pair of nut-crackers, 10s.; and 1 basket, 1s., his property; and that Love had been before convicted of felony.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZA COOPER
. I am servant to Mr. Robert Cox, who lives in John's-place, Albany-road, Camberwell. On Saturday, the 13th of June, I was coming up the garden and saw the prisoner Love coming out of the kitchen with the plate-basket, which I had left in the front kitchen on the bedstead—I went towards Love, but she had got out before I caught her—she dropped the basket on the threshold of the door—I stopped her—I saw Beadle on before her—I said to Love, "You have got my plate"—she said,"I have not"—I said, "Come back, and let me search you"—I wanted Beadle to come back, but she would not—Love said to her, "Come back, and Be a pluckt one"—Beadle came back—I counted the plate, which was theft on the threshold of the door in a basket, and there was nothing missing—it contained the plate stated in the indictment—I let the prisoners go, as I did not see a policeman—there was only ray mistress in the house, and she was poorly—I saw a constable shortly afterwards, and gave him a description of the prisoners—Love had a black necklace on—I mentioned that to the policeman, and he has such a necklace as Love had on at the time—this is the plate and basket—here are twenty-four spoons, forks, and other things, the value of them is about 35l.—the kitchen door was latched, but not bolted—I

had left it latched five or ten minutes before—my master is the housekeeper—the house is in the parish of Camberwell.

Cross-examined by
MR. EDWARDS. Q. Did you go out at the back or front door? A. The back door—the door opens into a little bit of a passage—it has a brass handle—it opens when you turn the handle—I had been in the garden five or ten minutes—I was coming up the garden—I turned round and saw Love—no one could have gone in in the meantime, and opened the door—I did not see Love go in—I had latched the door myself, and was the last person who opened it—when I charged Love with having the plate she denied it—she gave me permission to search her—I found no plate on her—I had never seen either of the prisoners before.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Have you any doubt that they are the two women? A. They are the two.





ELIZABETH CHANDLER
. I am servant to Mr. Ashby, of Albany-road, opposite to Mr. Cox's—on the 13th of June I saw the two prisoners—I have no doubt they are the persons—I saw them go down the steps of Mr. Cox's house, and I saw Beadle go into the kitchen—there are two steps and a sort of area—I could see the door from where I was standing—it was shut—saw Beadle go in, and Love was standing outside—I lost sight of them both for three or four minutes—the next I saw Was, they both ran up the steps very fast—Cooper ran alter them and caught hold of Love, and told her to come back—I said, "Don't take that one; the other one went in."

Cross-examined by
MR. EDWARDS. Q. You had never seen them before? A. No—there is a garden in front of our house and in front of Mr. Cox's—I did not see Love go into the kitchen—the door appeared to me to be quite closed—it was a kitchen door on the side of the houses.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When you saw them coming out, which was first? A. Beadle.





WILLIAM MORTON
 (police-sergeant F 1.) I received a description of two persons from Cooper and Chandler, in consequence of which I apprehended Love—there was another person with her who was taken on another charge—I was in private clothes—I told them they must go with me—Love said, "Very well, I know where we are going; We are going to the station"—I fetched Cooper—she saw Love, and said that was one—Love turned turned other woman and said, "She says it is meu—when I first apprehended Love she had this necklace on her, and when she was searched I did not see it—I asked her where her necklace was—she said, "It is in ray bosom"—I asked her to give it me, which she did—I said she was taken for stealing the plate and basket from Mr. Cox's, in Albany-road—she said, "Plate and basket! was it stolen?"—she repeated that several times.





RICHARD DAVIS
 (police-constable P 55.) I apprehended Beadle—I told her what she was charged with—she said she knew nothing of it—I took her to the station, and then to Mr. Cox's—Sergeant Morton and Chandler were on ahead of us, and as soon as they went into the area gate, Beadle said, "Oh, my God! I hope they are not going to that house"—I then took her to the station—she wanted me to go a different road—I objected to that, and she said, "Oh you coward, if you had gone that road I would have got you a b—y good hiding"—she said she knew nothing about Cooper.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it not a good whapping? A. It was a good whapping—I heard her say she was brought there for another girl, Margaret Watts—I do not know whether Watts was the person that was taken with Love—there was another female, who was dismissed, and she laughed, and Beadle, who was taken, cried.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. You apprehended Beadle, was that in consequence of

any description you received? A. Yes, and information from Sergeant Morton.

MR. PAYNE to WILLIAM MORTON. Q. Was it not Watts you took with Love? A. It was—I did not hear Beadle say she was brought there instead of Margaret Watts, and that when Watts saw her put into the dock she laughed, and Beadle cried—she said something of the sort before the Magistrate—that was the first I heard of it.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. You got a description of the prisoner from the witnesses? A. Yes, and I told Davis who to bring in—we both knew Beadle.





THOMAS WEST
 (police-constable M 249.) I produce a certificate of Love's former conviction at Guildford—(read—Convicted 31st July, 1844, and confined four months)—she is the person.
(Beadle received a good character.)

LOVE—



GUILTY
of stealing only.
 Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BEADLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Nine Months.

