



2351. 




ELLEN REASON, alias
 Ellen Gwynn

, was indicted

 for uttering counterfeit coin, she having been before convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to Her Majesty's Mint. I produce an examined copy of the record of the conviction of Ellen Reason at this Court in the November Sessions, 1841—I have myself compared it with the original record—(read.)





ROBERT HORNE
 (police-sergeant S 14.) I know the prisoner—she is the person who is mentioned in this certificate—I was present at her trial.





GEORGE THORNE
. I am nephew to Thomas Thorp, a linen-draper, in

the clapham-road. On Saturday, the 16th of July, the prisoner came to my uncle's shop, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning—she purchased half-a-yard of linen, which came to 9d., and gave me a five-shilling piece—I saw it was bad—I showed it to my uncle—she after that went and spoke to my uncle, and went away—I followed her to the Devonshire-road, and then gave her in custody to Biggs.





THOMAS THORP
. I saw the prisoner in my shop on the 16th of July—my nephew brought me a bad crown-piece—I was at the opposite side of the shop—the prisoner came over to me, and side she was not aware that it was bad—I asked her her name, e—she would not tell me—she said she lived about five minutes' walk from our house, but she did not know where—I asked where she got the crown—she said she did not know—my nephew gave it to the policeman.

Prisoner. The gentleman punished me five days for the five-shilling piece; I was remanded five days for it, and was turned up by the Magistrate. Witness. she went up on Monday, and remanded five days, and then discharged.





JOSEPH BIGG
 (police-sergeant V 8.) I was on duty in Devonshire-road on the 16th of July—the prisoner was given in charge to me by George Thorne—I received from Thorp this crown-piece—the prisoner was taken before the Magistrate on Monday, the 18th, remanded till the Friday following, and then discharged.





THOMAS WOOTTEN
. My father keeps the Queen's Head, Little Pulteney-street. On the 23rd of July the prisoner came there for half-a-pint of beer, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the forenoon—it came to 1d.—she gave me a bad shilling in payment—I bit it, and told her it was bad—she said she did not know it, and did not know where she got it—I then called in the policeman, and gave her into custody, with the shilling.

Prisoner. You put it into the till with more silver, and then took it out, bit it, and gave me the change. Witness. I put it into the till, but there was no other shilling there, only sixpences—I afterwards bit it.





JOHN M'LOCKLIN
 (police-constable C 152.) I put it into the till, but received this shilling from Wootten—I afterwards cut it with a bit it.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint—this crownpiece and shilling are both counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported Ten Years.
