




1976. 




GEORGE GREVILLE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of July, 16 handkerchiefs, value 2l.; 38 shirts, 5l.; 2 pairs of socks, 5s.; one shawl, 4s.; two stocks, 3s.; 10 pairs of stockings, 17s.; 5 yards of calico, 8s.; 48 shirt collars, 12s.; and one scarf, 5s.; the goods of 



John Mills, his master: and 





SARAH ANN DOWSON



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN MILLS
. I am an outfitter, and live in Oxford-street. Greville was my managing foreman—he came about the 2nd or 3rd of January, 1842, and continued till he was apprehended—I knew him by the name of Greville—he told me he was a single man—he had 1l. a-week, and his board—I trusted him a good deal—I took stock at Christmas and found a deficiency of goods.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) On the 27th of April, in consequence of information, I went in private clothes with Ball, to Somerset-place, Hoxton—between five and six in the morning I saw Greville come out of No. 38, with a man called Long Tom—they went down several streets till they came to Clerkenwell, and went into a public-house by the Sessions' House—(I had not followed them twenty yards before they saw me watching them, and they separated)—when they came out I followed the prisoner—he went up Mutton-hill—I saw a broker and borrowed a white apron, and still followed him on to Tottenham Court-road—he stood and looked at me—he then went on—I followed him to Oxford-street, and then he went down a turning to Oxford-market—I saw a policeman and told him to watch him—he then ran off as hard as he could—I went round Marylebone-lane, and met him coming out that way—I followed him back up to Regent-street—I then went and said, "Who are you? Where do you live?"—he said, "I shall give you no information"—he said I had no authority—I showed him my staff, and told him I was an officer, and took him to the station—he gave the name of George Greville, 38, Somerset-place—he said he was out of employ—I then took him to the Hoxton station, in the neighbourhood of Somerset-place, and said "I charge you on suspicion of stealing a quantity of goods, shirts, and other things, the property of a person unknown"—he said he knew nothing about them—I found a bunch of keys on him—I and the other officer went to the house in Somerset-place, leaving the prisoner at the station—I saw Dowson at the house, and asked who she was—she said her name was Mrs. Greville—I said she must consider herself in custody, on suspicion of receiving a quantity of stolen shirts and other things, and she said she knew nothing about

them—I opened a drawer with one of the keys which I took from Greville—I found in it a pocket-book, containing duplicates—I had before asked if she had got any duplicates—she said she had got none—in a hole in the scrutoire in the drawer, I found some stockings—I got the key from Dowson—on the table I found this sheeting, which Downson was at work on—I asked where that came from—she said, "Oh, that is all right; that was bought at the tally-shop; I bought fourteen yards of it"—I found some shirt collars and handkerchiefs—they are all here—Dowson said they were her own.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. The sheeting was some calico on the table? A. Yes, it was making up into shirts—some of it was hemmed—I saw a great many dirty shirt collars—I found no shirts there.





WILLIAM EDWARD BALL
 (police-constable N 365.) I was with Kemp, and saw Greville and Long Tom separate—I followed Long Tom—he went to the prisoner's house about half-past seven o'clock, and came out again, after staying about half an hour—I followed him to Hoxton, and then lost all sight of him—when he came out the second time he had a paper parcel in his hand—he had it when he gave me the slip—I have seen him since go into his own house, but I had no ground for taking him—I arranged to take some message to Dowson—I went, and inquired for Mrs. Greville—she said, "I am Mrs. Greville"—she asked me, and I went in, I told her Mr. Greville was in a little trouble, and wanted his master to bail him—she got the pen and ink, and gave the address of Mr. Mills, the prosecutor—Kemp then joined me, and we searched the place—Kemp asked if she had any tickets—she said "No"—I asked if she had any duplicates of shirts pawned at Mr. smith's Pitfield-street—she said, "Yes, I went up stairs, and found some duplicates—the prisoners found this calico sheeting—she said it was her own calico, and she bought it at the tally-shop—I went up stairs, and found some duplicates—the prisoners kept the whole of the house—I found one pair of stockings, some collars, and other things, a quantity of handkerchiefs, and a piece of satin—I found this scarf in a box in the prisoner's bed-room—Dowson said that was a present made to Greville by his master, and the other things were all his—I found some more duplicates in a box—Dowson's things were kept in the same room.

Cross-examined. Q. You asked how she knew that the scarf was given him by his master? A. No, I did not, I swear positively—she said he had told her so, but I did not ask her—she showed me a bill of the calico.





GEORGE HANSON
. I am assistant to Mr. Smith, pawnbroker, Pitfield-street. I produce five handkerchiefs pawned on the 20th of June, and two handkerchiefs pawned on the 25th of June, six shirts pawned on the 4th of July, two pairs of silk stockings on the 12th of Aug., five shirts on the 19th of Aug., three pairs of stockings on the 26th of Aug., two shirts on the 30th of Dec., some silk stockings and two handkerchiefs on the 24th of June, two handkerchiefs on the 25th of June, six shirts on the 4th of July, and three shirts on the 12th of July, all pawned by Dowso—I never remember Greville pawning anything—here is one of our duplicates found at her room relating to a shawl and three pairs of hose, pawned by Dowson on the 19th of August.

Cross-examined. Q. How can you tell us that Dawson pledged these things? A. From memory, and likewise from my own handwriting on the duplicates—I cannot tell how she was dressed—I quite remember seeing her—perhaps 200 persons come in to pawn in the course of the day—she came alone on the 23rd—I will not swear that her servant was not with her on the 12th of Aug.—her servant did not pledge the goods on the 23rd—her servant has pawned several times—I sometimes put down the name of Greville, and

sometimes the servant's name—a great many duplicates have been returned—none of them were for things pawned at our shop.





THOMAS WALDUCK
. I live in the Hackney-road—I was in the service of Pickford and Roberts, pawnbrokers, in the Old-street-road—on the 11th of Nov. a handkerchief and sheet were pawned in the name of Ann Greville—this is the duplicate I gave—I do not remember the person.





SAMUEL ROSE
. I am assistant to Mr. Shepherd, a pawnbroker—I have two stocks pawned at our shop by Dowson, in the name of Ann Williams—this duplicate produced by the officer corresponds with it—I produce a handkerchief pawned on the 15th of April—I do not know who by—this is the duplicate I gave the person.





RICHARD CRESSEY
. I am shopman to Mr. Smith, a pawnbroker, in Bath-street. On the 26th of July I took in three handkerchiefs and two pair of silk stockings of Dowson—I gave her these duplicates—I produce a handkerchief pawned on the 6th of April, in the name of Mary Williams—I do not know by whom—this is the duplicate I gave—I produce six sheets pawned on the 8th of April, in the name of John Williams, six sheets on the 13th of April, by Dowson, six shirts on the 22nd of April, in the name of John Williams—I find the duplicates of all these among those produced by the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you speak positively to those pawned in July? A. Yes—I have known Dowson some time—I remember taking them—I made out the duplicates.





JOHN MILLS

re-examined. I do not know these things by any mark, but I had in my stock articles corresponding with these—I have missed them from my stock—the shirts were made by persons for me.





HENRY ROGERS
. I am a shirt-maker in Addle-street, and supply the prosecutor—all the shirts produced by Cressey are my make, and two others also.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you make anything but shirts? A. No—I supply many persons besides the prosecutor—the shirts I make vary according to the parties we sell them to—we put a distinct mark for each customer—Mr. Mills has not a particular mark—I cannot tell when I sold these, except from the book—all the shirts had a particular mark, and all of them were sold to Mr. Mills—these have not got that mark—I could not swear to whom they were sold.

MR. BODKIN. Q. These six shirts produced by Cressey were part of twelve dozen that bore a particular mark, and were all sold to the prosecutor, and these have this particular mark? A. Yes.

MR. DOANE. Q. When was it you sold them? A. Between three and four months ago, while the prisoner was in the prosecutor's employ—this is the mark, "Q Q"—there is no other mark—the other two shirts have only the stock mark.





GEORGE BRITTAIN
. I am a shirt-maker—these five shirts produced by Hanson, and pawned on the 23rd of August, are my make—I made them to order for Mr. Mills about twelve months ago—here is my mark on them.





JOHN LITTLEWOOD
. I am assistant to my uncle, a hosier in New Bond-street—Greville was in my employ from Jan., 1839, till July 3rd, 1841—it was his business to give out work made by women, but principally to Dawson—he introduced her to us as a person who could do needle-work—I knew her as Mrs. Greville—he was known as George Greville.

GREVILLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.


DOWSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—



Confined Six Months.

(There was another indictment against Greville.)
