



2514. 




JAMES SPURLE
 was again indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Mattock, on the 
18th of July, and stealing therein 1 spoon, value 12s., and 1 watch, value 10s., his goods.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM MATTOCK
. At the time this took place I lived at No. 59, High-street, Lambeth—I do not know the parish—I occupied the shop, parlour, and back room, first-floor—I held it of Mr. Hancock, the land-lord, who did not live in the house—I occupied the room entirely myself in which the watch and spoon were—I afterwards let the room to the prisoner's cousin—the prisoner himself did not occupy that room at all—I let him the top-room—I remember his cousin going into Somersetshire—I saw the spoon and watch last on the 18th of July—I think it was about a month before the fire happened—the outside of the watch was metal, and the in-side silver—the spoon was silver—I kept it in a box in the parlour where I slept—I kept the box locked—I went out on Sunday, the 18th of July, my box appeared in the state in which I had seen it before—I left it unlocked—when I went out, I locked the door of my room, and put the key in my pocket, and took it with me—I am confident of that—I came home about ten o'clock—I did not see the prisoner, to my recollection, till next evening—he then asked me how I came to go out and leave the door unlocked—I said I did not, for I went and took the key from my room up stairs, and locked it myself—the fire took place on the 9th of August—I did not ascertain my loss till about the 11th of August—on looking into my box, I missed the watch and spoon—the box was locked then, but I think I left it unlocked on 18th of July, because I took the key out on the Monday morning, and locked it—I have since seen the spoon in the possession of Mr. Cole, and the watch in possession of a person in Black-friars-road—I believe the name is Aldous—the spoon and watch were what I kept in my box—I never authorized the prisoner to pawn them, or to go into my room, or take them—these now produced are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Do you owe him any thing? A. No.





MARIA MARIAN SICKEL
. My mother occupied the attics in No. 59, High-street, Lambeth, in July and August last—I remember Mr. Cordwent going into the country—about three weeks before the fire, on a Sunday afternoon, between three and four o'clock, I was sitting at the back-door—I am sure it was on a Sunday—the prisoner came down stairs and unlocked the back-parlour door with a key—I saw the key in his hand before he went to the door—he went in, shut the door, and took the key inside—I went up stairs, and saw no more of it—after the fire, on being questioned, I told Mr. Mattock what I had seen.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you first tell any thing about seeing him go into Mr. Mattock's room? A. On the Monday after he went in—I told Mr. Mattock what I have said now, and I told him the same after the fire had happened—that was after the prisoner had been taken up—I do not know how long he was in the room—I did not wait till he came out.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you mean you saw Mr. Mattock on the Monday, the next day after he went in? A. Yes, and I told him what I had seen.






WILLIAM MATTOCK

re-examined. Q. Do you recollect the circumstance the girl is speaking to? A. I believe she did say so—the prisoner told me I had left my door unlocked—I asked the little girl if she did not see the door open—she said she did not—I am confident it was not open—I was rather in doubt whether it was or not—she said she did not see the door opened—she saw the baker go to the door, and she believed the baker went in—I believed I left my door closed, and what she told me strengthened my belief.





EDWARD REECE BLACKMORE
. I am a baker—I worked with the prisoner about thirteen months ago, at Walham-green—I received a letter from the prisoner from Union-hall the day he was committed for trial, in consequence of which I went to him at Newgate—he there handed to me three pawnbroker's duplicates, two of which were for a watch and a spoon—he said he had won the watch and spoon by playing at cards—he asked me if I could befriend him by lending him the money to procure a counsel—I said I could not, as I had fitted my brother out to go to sea—he then said he had got three duplicates—I was to carry him a shirt, and in the shirt he returned to me he was to give me the three duplicates—I gave the same tickets to the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. Foreman to Mr. Giles, a baker—I was fellow-workman with the prisoner about fifteen months ago—he sent to me and asked me to visit him as a friend, as he had got none in London—what he said to me was not in confidence—I was to make something to procure him a counsel.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You went to the pawnbroker to pay the interest on one of the articles? A. Yes, on the watch, and I then exchanged the ticket and had a renewed one instead—it was that renewed one which I gave to the policeman.





PHILIP FROUD
 (police-sergeant L 6.) I received three duplicates from Blackmore—two are for the property in question, and one for a waistcoat—the duplicate for the watch appears to be a renewed one, after the interest was paid.





WILLIAM TITUS ALDOUS
. I am a pawnbroker—I produce a watch pledged with me on the 20th of July last, by the prisoner—this renewed duplicate for the watch is the one that was given at our house on the payment of interest.

Cross-examined. Q. How much interest was paid? A. Seven farthings.

COURT. Q. Are you sure the prisoner pawned it? A. I have not the least doubt of it—I never saw him before—he gave the name of Joseph Spiller.





SAMUEL HEZEKIAH COLE
. I produce the spoon which I took in pledge on the 20th of July, in the name of Spratt—I have no recollection of the prisoner—one of the duplicates produced by the officer is the one I gave.





EDWARD REECE BLACKMORE

re-examined. I never visited the prisoner where he was lodging—I knew he was living in Lambeth—he gave me nothing besides the duplicates.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Baron Rolfe.

