



1221. 




HENRY CATLINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of October, 18 trusses of hay, value 16s., the goods of 



Mary Ephgrave; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






AMOS EPHGRAVE
. I am the son of Mary Ephgrave; she keeps a little farm at St. Stephen's, in Hertfordshire—she sent me to town on the 10th of October, with half a load of hay to sell—the prisoner met me at Paddington—I had a slight knowledge of him before, but I had never sold him any hay—he asked how much I wanted for that hay—I said 2l.—he said he would give me 36s. for it, and it was for his master, it was not for himself—I said, very well, he should have it—as we were going along I asked if his name was not Catlins—he said, "No"—we went on to a yard in West-minster—he went in, and said his master was not at home there—we then went on to Tothill-street, and I saw him speak to Mr. Wall, who I thought was his master—he then came, and told me to go into the yard and unload, which I did—I then asked him for the money—he said, "If you will wait ten minutes I will bring you the money—I waited for an hour and a half, and he did not come—I then spoke to Mr. Wall, and told the police-man—I went to my mother without the money—I saw no more of the prisoner till I went before the Magistrate at Edgware—I then knew him.

Prisoner. Do you recollect telling me any thing when I was coming along the road handcuffed? Witness. Nothing that I am ashamed of—I did not say that Mr. Butler told me I was to swear to you as being the man—he did not tell me to say you was the man; nor that your name was Catlins—I swear you are the same man—you told me to say it was a man very much like you, but I did not think you was the man.





HENRY WALL
. I live in Westminster. I bought this load of hay of a man resembling the prisoner, and to the best of my belief he is the man—

this boy was with him—the prisoner came up the yard and asked me to buy the hay—I said it was not good enough—he said he would sell it accordingly—I went down and saw the boy with the load—I said to the prisoner "I will give you 1l. 15s. for it, but I don't want it"—I walked away—he came and said I should have it—he unloaded it, and I paid him 1l. 15s. for it.





JEREMIAH FELSTEAD
. I am a cabinet-maker. In October last I was in Tothill-street, about ten o'clock one morning, and saw the prisoner with this boy—I have no doubt he is the man.





JOHN HODGSON
 (police-constable S 255.) I took the prisoner on another charge—this boy came and identified him.





JOHN HILDITCH
. I am the master of Watford Union Workhouse. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at St. Albans, which I got from the policeman who had it from Mr. Storey, the Clerk of the Peace—I know this is Mr. Storey's writing—(read)—I was a constable at the time—the prisoner is the person.

Prisoner's Defence. I was at work in the country; when I was taken, Mr. Wall and his servant both came and said I was not the man; and in about an hour they took me to Mr. Wall's house, where I saw a woman who I suppose was his wife, and she said I was not the man he had paid the money to; I was at work at Stanmore at the same time.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
