




34. 



WILLIAM ANDERSON
 and 




ELIZA WRIGHT
 were indicted for

 feloniously having in their possession a mould, having impressed on it the obverse and reverse sides of a counterfeit half-crown.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PENNY
. I am a police-inspector. On the 17th of Oct. I went with Brannan and Bryant to the Wheatsheaf public-house, Edgware-road, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, and found the male prisoner in company with other men, in front of the bar—I took hold of him, and told him he must consider himself in custody for casting counterfeit half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences, at Westminster—he said, "That be d—d and b—, let us have some gin before I move a step?"—he then resisted very much—we took him away in a cab—he would have jumped out if we had not prevented him—he attempted to put his hand into his right-hand pocket—I searched him at the station, and found a shilling, a sixpence, and 3d. in copper, (good money,) a knife, and a latch-key—I left him at the station, and went about eleven o'clock with Brannan to a house in Devonshire-street, Lisson-grove, with the key which I found on the prisoner—I saw Mrs. Hollis in the front parlour—she gave me information—I went up stairs with her—she pointed out a room, and called "Mrs. M'Donald" several times—there was no answer—the door was fast—I forced it open—there was nobody there—we searched the room in the presence of Mrs. Hollis, and found a work-box on a chair, and in it was this galvanic-battery—on the table I found a jar containing fluid, which is now in this bottle—the battery can be placed in the jar—on the same table was a jar with powdered plaster of paris—I found a saucer with a quantity of wet plaster of paris, two faives covered with plaster of paris, on the table, a brush full of plaster of paris, and two leather bands, which are used in making moulds—on a shelf I found four bottles containing different liquids—on the floor I found a washhand-basin, quite wet, containing plaster of paris, and four packages of copper-wire were hanging on a nail—while I was there the prisoner Wright came into the room—she appeared drunk—she attempted to put her hand into her bosom—I immediately laid hold of her hand, and took from her bosom two packages containing twenty-three counterfeit four-penny pieces—she had a basket containing a pair of women's new boots, and several other articles—I took from her pocket a box, with 8s.6d. in silver, and 5 3/4 d. in copper in it—after the search she was left in my care in the room—the rest of the officers went down stairs—after Brannan returned he produced several moulds and a bag with two counterfeit half-crowns in it—I took her to the station where Anderson was.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You found a key on Anderson?


A. I did, it fitted the street-door—the house was occupied by lodgers—the room the articles were in we were obliged to force open—we went to the house from information—I know no John Barker, except a policeman of that name.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant.) I took Anderson in charge at a public-house at Paddington—he was taken to the station—I accompanied the officers to the house, and saw these articles found—I found an iron ladle in the room with white metal in it, and a file with white metal in the teeth as if recently used, some cloth and finger-stalls—I found two Britannia-metal spoons on the table and four in a drawer—I remember Wright coming home, and saw Fenny take from her two small paper parcels containing twenty-three counterfeit four-penny pieces—I went down to the lower part of the house accompanied by Mrs. Williams, who is Mrs. Hollis's daughter—I went to the privy at the back of the house, and found a bag containing, four pair of moulds and two counterfeit half-crowns hanging on a nail underneath the seat—it could not be seen unless you looked down for the purpose—the privy was in an enclosed yard belonging to the house—I assisted in conveying Wright to the station—before I took her I told Penny, in her presence, that I had found a bag containing four moulds and two counterfeit half-crowns—she said, "Bad luck to Mr. Penny and you, you b—y—, you may stuff them up your—"—we took her to the station, and there Penny asked me how many moulds I had found—I said four—she said, "Yes, you b—, and if I was at home I would show you what I made them with."

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know John Barker? A. No, not connected with this case—I know a butcher of that name.





MARY HOLLIS
. I am landlady of the house, 60, Devonshire-street, Lissongrove—Wright took my back room, second floor, by herself, at the latter end of July or beginning of Aug.—I pointed out that room to the officers when they came—it was let, unfurnished, at 2s. a week—I saw Anderson three days after Wright took the room—they continued to live there since—I saw Anderson last going out of the house between three and four o'clock of the afternoon of the 17th, the day he was apprehended—the privy was common to all the lodgers, but to no one out of the house.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there a key to the room? A. Yes—I gave it to Wright—there is a latch-key to the outer door, which I give to the different lodgers—I saw Anderson three days after the lodging was taken, helping to bring their furniture up stairs—I did not see anybody come to see Mrs. Anderson till some time after—a short female in black came three times—I never

saw any man but Anderson come to visit her—he was there every day almost—I might have seen him every day, or I might not—I cannot take my oath of it—I will swear I saw him once a week, and that I saw him halfa-dozen times during the whole period—I swear I saw him on the Friday before the 17th—I cannot say what time, I should say morning if I said any thing—I will swear it was not night—I often saw him going out about ten or eleven o'clock in the morning—I know he was in my house on Friday morning, the 16th—there was scarcely a day that I did not see him, but I did not watch him in and out—I live in the parlour, but my laundry is up stairs, and I go up and down—he generally went out of a morning—I have seen him go in and out—he had a latch-key to let himself in at the outer door—they had a key of the apartments between them—nothing made me notice him that afternoon—I did not see a person come there about half an hour after he left, and go up to his room—I saw a female go in with Mrs. Anderson, between five and six o'clock on Saturday afternoon—that was the short woman in black I have spoken of—I can't say that she came in the absence of Anderson—I never saw her speak to anybody but Mrs. Anderson—I did not notice whether Mrs. " Anderson had a basket with her, or whether the woman had anything—nobody else came that afternoon to my knowledge—their door fastens with a proper key, which was given to Wright—the police had not been in communication with me before this.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. You have not seen the woman in black in the room? A. No—only coming up stairs with Wright—I don't know whether Anderson was in the room at the time she came—I had seen him go out before—I think they went up stairs, and not into the back place.

Wright. Q. Did you never open the door to a man in a white flanneljacket, who inquired for M'Donald? A. I did not answer him myself—a man called and asked if Mrs. M'Donald lived there, and Wright was called down to him—that was most likely in August.





MART ANN WILLIAMS
. I am Mrs. Hollis' daughter, and live with her—on 17th Oct. I accompanied the sergeant with a lighted candle to the privy, and saw him find the blue cotton bag down under the seat—I did not see the contents—I have known the prisoners living in the house, and have seen Anderson living there daily—Wright went out every day—she occasionally took a small basket out with her—after the things were found, I recollected having seen her frequently going to the privy at all times—I have seen her go there on coming into the house—I have not noticed her staying there any time—no man came to see her except Anderson.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear no other man has visited her? A. I never saw any.

Wright. Q. Have not you opened the door to a man in a white flanneljacket, more than once or twice? A. No.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint—this is one of Mr. Smee's galvanic batteries—here are four pair of moulds for casting counterfeit coin, one for half-crowns, which has both impressions perfect, but does not appear to have been used—here is another for casting halfcrowns, which appears to have been used, and one for casting two shillings at one time, having both sides of the impression perfect—this does not appear to have been used—here is another pair of moulds intended for casting two sixpences at once, having the impression perfect—that does not appear to have been used—here are two counterfeit half-crowns, which I have no hesitation in swearing are cast in the second pair of moulds—they are made of Britannia-metal—precisely the same as the spoons, and as the metal which is in this iron ladle—they appear to have undergone the first part of the process of galvanic plating—this jar has powdered plaster of paris in it, similar to what the moulds are composed of—these leather bands are used to confine the plaster of paris in a fluid state when making the moulds—this knife, file, and other articles are such as are generally found where coining has been carried on, and may be used for that purpose—the file is used for removing the rough surface of the coin—it has white metal in the teeth of it—here are some fluids which are used in the galvanic process.

Wright. Q. Is it plaster of paris or whitening, in the saucer? A. A great part of it is plaster of paris—there may be whitening among it—here are twenty-three counterfeit four-penny pieces all cast in one mould, and all having undergone the process of electro-plating.





ALFRED SMEE, ESQ
. I am author of "The Elements of Electro-Metalurgy." I have examined the acids contained in these bottles—this is strong sulphuric acid—this is diluted sulphuric acid, such as would charge a battery—I have ascertained that by placing a small battery in it; and this bottle contains a compound of potash and other things—I found all the things necessary

to plate metal with a coat of silver—this is a battery fit for the purpose—it only wants the conducting-wire—this is copper wire here.
(The prisoner Wright put in a written defence, stating that the articles found in the room, and the packets of 4d. pieces were given to her by John Barker, who frequently visited her, to take care of for him, and that Anderson knew nothing whatever of the occurrence; and that she knew nothing of the hag found in the privy.)

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


ANDERSON—


NOT GUILTY
.
