



2411. 




JAMES HENRY



, stealing 5 gowns, value 7l., and 1 wooden box, 3s.; the goods of 



Thomas Williams.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS MURTON
. I live in Swan-yard, Shoreditch, and am a constable of the Eastern Counties Railway. I was at the arrival terminus on Saturday evening, the 7th Oct.—the Colchester train arrived at half-past nine o'clock, a little later than it was due—it was a long train, and there were a great many passengers—I stationed myself opposite the luggage-van, and while the luggage was being taken out, and put on the platform, I saw the prisoner—he looked about the luggage, and I saw him lay hold of a trunk and pull it on one side, and he desired the porter Rees to take it to a cab, and be quick about it—he took it, and the prisoner walked about one pace in front of him—a gentleman went to the porter, and requested to know what he was about to do with his trunk—the porter said he was going to take it to a cab for the gentleman in front of him—the prisoner was near enough to hear what was said, and he made a rush into the crowd of passengers—I followed him,

and so did the gentleman the trunk belonged to—the prisoner said it was not him that ordered the porter to take the trunk.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. I suppose there was a great noise? A. No—it was after the luggage had been placed on the platform—there were not one-third of the passengers round it—they had not had opportunity of getting up—the prisoner was up early—there might probably be thirty persons about the luggage—I saw the prisoner looking amongst the trunks about two or three minutes—this was an ordinary portmanteau—there was an address on it, "Mrs. Williams, passenger to London"—this was lying with probably a dozen more trunks—other persons were taking luggage—I had seen the prisoner move two or three trunks, it struck me he was looking for his luggage—he then pulled this on one side—several persons were going out who had no luggage.





JOHN REES
. I am a porter on the Eastern Counties Railway. I was near the platform when the Colchester train came in—I was desired by the prisoner to take this box to a cab, and to be quick—the gentleman came and spoke to me, I told him I was carrying it for the prisoner, and the prisoner ran into the mob—I came back again to the platform—there was no other trunk of this size without an owner—the prisoner told us at the station that he came from Hertford—I told him that train came from Colchester, and then he said he came from Colchester.





THOMAS WILLIAMS
. I went to meet my wife, who came up by that train—this is her trunk—I know nothing of the prisoner.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Tears.

