



215. 



GEORGE CLARK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of Nov., at 
Kingsbury, 1 watch, value 7l.; 1 writing-desk, 1l. 5s.; 10 sovereigns, 8 half-sovereigns, 16 half-crowns, 60 shillings, 10 sixpences, 2 5l. notes, and an order for the payment of 5l.; the property of 



Penelope Rodway, in her dwelling-house.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






PENELOPE RODWAY
. I keep the Red Lion public-house at Hyde, in the parish of Kingsbury, two miles on this side of Edgware. The prisoner lodged at my house for about seven weeks, and left on the 27th of Nov., about half-past four or twenty minutes to five o'clock—he told me he was going out to tea—he never came back—he owed me for his lodging and about three days' board—he did not give me any intimation that he was going away for good—after he had been out two or three hours I went into my room, to go to

the desk, for some money to pay a bill, and missed the desk—it was about eight o'clock in the evening—I had seen it safe between three and four—it was locked—it is a rosewood desk—it contained two 5l. Bank of England notes, a 5l. check on the London and Westminster Bank, drawn by Benjamin Bond, dated the 20th of Nov., and from 15l. to 20l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns, from 5l. to 7l. in silver, and some papers, my license, and my late husband's will—my desk was brought back to me by a carrier on the 29th—the lock had been broken off, and the gold, silver, notes, and check were gone—the licence, will, and papers were all returned—I found one sovereign in it, which had slipped behind a partition—I missed my watch from a dressing-table in the same room—I bad seen that safe about half-past four o'clock—I gave seven guineas for it—I have seen it since, and know it—there was a brown silk guard fastened to it, which I had made myself, of brown silk braid, with a gold snap—I have seen it again, and I have seen the check since—the check I had was dated the 20th—the one I saw was dated the 29th—I received it from Captain Bond, who lives in the neighbour-hood—I gave him a 5l. note for it on the 20th.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did you see the prisoner go out on the 27th of Nov? A. Yes—he was dressed as he was all day—I did not see him again till last Wednesday, when he was at the Police-court—I have the desk here—it is not a very large one.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you see him go out at the door? A. I saw him go from the bar—I did not see him go out of the house.





JAMES WARD
. I am a farmer, and live at Hendon. I know Mrs. Rodway—I heard of her robbery, and on Monday, the 15th of Dec., I was in a milk-shop in Gouldenton-street, Somers-town, and saw the prisoner go by in the street—I went out directly, and followed him—he west about 100 yards, aod then turned back—I did not wish him to see me—I went into a shop to ask somebody to get a policeman, but he turned back, and I crossed to him on the other side of the road, and said to him, "Colonel"—that was the name I knew him by—I always called him Colonel, but he was generally called General—I said, "Colonel, I shall take you in charge on suspicion of robbing the poor widow woman, Rodway, at the Lion"—he said, "Poh, poh, nonsense, don't do any such thing"—I said, "I will"—I took hold of his collar, and said, "I shall hold you till I have a policeman come to give you up to"—I held him till a policeman came, and gave him in charge—I went to the station, saw him searched, and twenty-four sovereigns and half sovereigns, 4s. 6d. in silver, and 3d. in copper found on him, and I saw taken from his pocket-book a check signed B. Bond, and a watch taken out of his waistcoat pocket—he had the guard round his neck.

Cross-examined. Q. He spoke to you directly he saw you, did he not? A. Yes; he said, "Ah, Mr. Ward, how do you do?"—I do not know that he is a dealer in horses, but I had bought a horse of him—I charged him at once on suspicion of the robbery—I did not talk with him half a minute first—I did not go and have anything to drink with him.





MARTIN M'HALE
 (police-constable S 182.) I received the prisoner in charge from Mr. Ward—I searched him, and found on him a purse containing 24l. 10s. in gold, 4s. in silver, and 3d. in copper, a watch and guard, and a pocket-book containing a 5l. check.

MRS. RODWAY
re-examined. This is my watch and guard-chain—I will not swear to the check—I had such a check of Captain Bond for 5l. on this bank, but it was dated the 20th—I believe it to be the check—the 0 appears to have a tail added to it to turn it into a 9—it is precisely the same, with that exception.


Cross-examined. Q. What do you know the watch by? A. By the number and the maker's name—I was not quite certain of the number, and I went to the maker; but I can swear to the watch without the number, and the guard I made myself—the check was signed B. Bond, and another letter to it, which I forget.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

