





639. 



JOHN HERITAGE
 and 




JOSEPH JONES, alias
 Richard Boxall

, were indicted for

 stealing 5 live tame fowls, price 1l. 10s.; the property of 



John Vaughan: and 




JOHN LAMBERT



 for feloniously receiving 1 tame fowl, part of the same, knowing it to be stolen; and that Jones had been before convicted of felony.


JONES* pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES KENDALL
. I am groom to Mr. John Vaughan—he lives at Old Peckham—my master had nine fowls, which were in my care—I saw then safe at five o'clock in the evening of the 23rd Jan.—the next morning five were missing—I afterwards saw four of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Did you count them when you saw them at five o'clock? A. Yes—they were my master's—they were there when I entered the service nine months ago—this is the leg of one of them I know it by a wort on it.





RICHARD HAMBROOK
 (police-constable P 109.) On Saturday evening, 23rd Jan., I pursued the prisoner Jones—after taking him, I found, in coming back in the footsteps we ran, one fowl—it was shown to Kendall, and he claimed it.





JAMES BROWN
 (police-constable P 147.) On that Saturday evening I found two fowls in the track in which Jones ran—they were warm, and one was bleeding—they were shown to Kendall—he claimed them.





WILLIAM MORTON
 (police-sergeant P 7.) I had some conversation with

Jones, and went to Lambert's house on the morning of the 24th Jan.—I knew before that where he lived—he was not at home—I searched, and in bonnet-box in a chamber, I found a fowl which was picked—I found Heritage the same day—I told him he was charged with Boxall with stealing he fowls—he said, "I know nothing about Boxall or the fowls"—his father, who was present, said, "I have advised you several times to keep out of that gabond's company"—Heritage said, "I am all right"—in taking him along, he said, "It is that b—y Boxall—I have pretty well kept him ever since he has been out of prison—if be gets over this, I will give him something he won't get over—he has led me astray two or three times, but I will lead him astray this time, I will tell the whole truth, on the Monday afterwards I saw the three prisoners together—I repeated, in presence of Heritage, hat Jones had said to me—Jones was asked if it was correct, and he nodded to it—I told Heritage that Jones stated he was with him at the time the policeman saw him in the Kent-road, that he had two cocks strung round him, and Jones had three, and he was to go to John Lambert's, is the Kent-road, who would be sure to take them—I then told Lambert what Jones had said about him—he said he knew nothing of either of them—that he was going to Brown's-fields on Saturday night, and he kicked against the fowl, which I found in the bonnet-box.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen Heritage before? A. I may have been him—I have no knowledge of him.





GEORGE LEADBEATER
. I am an ostler—I reside in King's Reach-walk—I know the prisoners. On Saturday, 23rd Jan., I saw Boxall and Heritage in Rye-lane, Peckham, at four o'clock—I heard Heritage ask Boxall if he would go with him—Heritage said, "If we get anything to-night we will take it to Johnny's"—Boxall said no, he was afraid—Heritage then asked me if I would go—he did not say where, nor what it was for.





MARY BOXALL
. I am the mother of the prisoner Boxall—he lives with me and my husband. On Saturday evening, 23rd Jan., he was at home between three and four o'clock, and took tea with me—he went away, and I never saw him any more till he was in custody on the Monday—I know Heritage by sight—I have seen him come to my son—on that Saturday night he came about eight o'clock, and he asked for Dick—I said, "I am sure I don't know where he is Jack—I have not seen him since between three and four, I was wondering what had become of him"—he said, "Good-night," and went away.

HERITAGE,

LAMBERT,




NOT GUILTY
.
