




2642. 




THOMAS CAVANAGH
 and 



WILLIAM BALCOMB



 were indicted for stealing, on the 
5th of Sept., 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; and 2 postage stamps, 2d.; the goods of 



John Aveling Dix, from his person.


MR. BRYARLY
conducted the Prosecution.







JOHN AVELING DIX
. I am a commission agent, and live in Clapham-road. On the night of the 5th of Sept., about half-past eight o'clock, I was in Fleet-street, and missed my pocket-book.





THOMAS BARNES
 (City police-constable, No. 334.) On the evening of the 5th of Sept., about half-past eight o'clock, I was in Fleet-street, and saw the prisoners and another walking arm-in-arm up Fleet-street, towards Templebar—I saw Cavanagh leave the arm of Balcomb, and go between the prosecutor and the other two—the prosecutor was walking before them—Cavanagh went up, got in step with him, followed his step as he went, took the flap of his coat in his right hand, and put his left hand into the pocket—as he pulled it out he threw this pocket-book behind him, towards Balcomb and the other—I touched the prosecutor on the shoulder, and said, "Sir, your pocket has been picked"—he put his hand into his pocket, and said, "I have lost my pocket-book"—I kept hold of Cavanagh—he asked me to let him go—Balcomb escaped—this is the pocket-book.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time was this? A. About half-past eight o'clock, within a minute or two—Balcomb was not taken up till the next evening—another person was brought in custody at the same time—there were a number of people passing and repassing at the time this occurred.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You saw a third man in custody on this charge? A. I did—he was discharged at the station—I was on the opposite side of the road at the time I saw them coming down Fleet-street—I had seen them previous to that—Cavanagh left the other two, and got between them and the prosecutor—I was not behind the other two—I came up to Cavanagh at the time his hand was in the prosecutor's pocket—I am convinced Cavanagh is the person, I took him in the act—a woman gave me the pocketbook—she is not here.





GEORGE WARDLE
 (City police-constable, No. 325.) I took Balcomb on the 6th of Sept.—I took him to the station, and sent for Barnes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where did you take him? In Fleet-street, near Salisbury-court—there was another with him, who was taken by a brother officer, and discharged at the station—I followed them down Fleet-street from Chancery-lane—there was no crowd—they were walking leisurely along.





THOMAS BARNES

re-examined. I was sent for to the station, and saw Balcomb—I am quite sure he was one of Cavanagh's companions on this occasion—I had seen him with them previously, and noticed him because he was a fresh one—I had never seen him with these two before that evening—I have known Cavanagh a long time—the first time I saw Balcomb was soon after seven o'clock, coming from Temple-bar, on the opposite side—I got forward, opposite a private court by the confectioner's, where there is a very light window—I went and met them full in the face—they then returned in about half an hour, and I did the same on the opposite side, I was convinced I should know him again at a future time.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

MR. PAYNE
called






WILLIAM DORAN
. I am a journeyman at Messrs. John and Francis Lloyd's tobacco manufactory on Snow-hill, and live at No. 20, Lincoln-court, Drury-lane; Balcolmb lodges at Walter Palmer's, No. 9, in the same court.

On the Tuesday evening before he was taken, I met him sitting on the step of his landlord's door, about half-past six o'clock—I went with him and sat in doors, in his landlord's parlour, till half-past seven—I then left him, with the intention of his going up stairs to bed with his landlord—he complained of being very ill—I sat in the landlord's parlour, talking to the landlord, till half-past nine—I could see all the persons who passed in and out of the house as I sat there—Balcomb did not go out again while I remained there; I must have seen him if he had—not a soul came down during the time I was there—I then went home and went to bed.

MR. BRYARLY. Q. Were you in employ on this Tuesday? A. No; there was none for me—I have been out of work for these four weeks—since I worked for Messrs. Lloyd I have been at work for Mr. Curry, in Shoemaker-row—that is the last place I have worked at—I left about four weeks ago—Lloyd's was my first place—I worked there about nine years—I left them, I dare say, eight months ago, and about six weeks after went into Mr. Curry's employ—in the meantime I lived at home with my mother—I know the time I saw the prisoner, because, just before I met him, a policeman asked me to go and see what o'clock it was—I just turned my head into the public-house, in Great Wild-street, the Ben Jonson, I think, and it was half-past six—I sat with him in the landlord's parlour till somewhere about half-past seven, I cannot say to a minute—I noticed the time, and said to the landlord, "Is he going to bed already, half-past seven o'clock?"—he said, "Yes, Bill, I don't feel very well"—I know it was half-past seven by looking at the landlord's clock—I saw him go up with the landlord—he lodged in the two pair front—there is a passage leading out into the court; but the parlour door was open, and he could not well have passed without my knowing it—the outer door is generally locked, and you can always hear whether any one is going in or out—I do not know whether I should have particularly noticed if any one went in or out.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Who was the policeman that asked you to look at the clock? A. One of the F division; I know him by sight, but not by name.





WALTER PALMER
. I am a coach-painter, and keep the house, No. 9, Lincoln-court, Drury-lane; Balcomb lodges in my house. On Tuesday, the 5th of Sept., I came home from work at seven o'clock—I work at Mr. Tyrrell's, in Long-acre—I found Balcomb and Doran in my parlour when I came home—Balcomb complained that he was very ill, and went up stairs to bed about ten minutes after I got home—I went up with him to the second floor front room, and remained there about five minutes, while he was getting into bed—tl saw him into bed—Doran was in the parlour when I went down again, and remained there till half-past nine—my parlour door was open, and I could see any one who came in or went out—Balcomb did not come down and go out between the time I left him in bed and half-past nine—I saw him at six o'clock next morning in his bed-room.

MR. BRYARLY. Q. How many does your family consist of? A. Only my wife—I have two lodgers besides Balcomb—they are out at work during the day, and generally return about eight o'clock—they have not latch-keys—the front door is alway open till ten o'clock—there is no lock to it, only a bolt—it stands wide open in the daytime, for the lodgers to pass in and out—they have rooms of their own, and there their friends visit them—I generally look to see who passes—as I sit at the door, I can always see them go in and out—it was dark at half-past seven, at this time; I had two candles on my mantel-piece—Balcomb could not have gone out without my noticing him, because I was sitting at the door after half-past nine, and there were some

friends sitting by the street door—I did not notice who they were—they were sitting along the railing—Balcomb is a tailor—I believe he was at work for two hours on the 4th of Sept.—I believe he was not at work on Tuesday—I cannot say whether he was at home, as I am out all day at work.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you know any thing about his going to work for two hours on Monday? A. Only by some of the lodgers saying so.

COURT. Q. Who slept in the front room with him? A. Two more young men, named Tully and Johnson—I do not know where they work—Tully, I think is a bricklayer's labourer; he comes home rather dirty, about half-past eight at night—I do not know what Johnson is—he came home about ten o'clock that night—Tully went to bed between nine and ten—he staid with me in the parlour till then—no one else is here who was in the house that night—my clock stands right opposite the window—it is one of those round, old fashioned, eight-day Dutch clocks, in a wooden case.

CAVANAGH—


GUILTY
. Aged 19—


Transported for Ten Years.


BALCOMB—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

