



1818. 




JAMES LEWIS
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Lines, on the 
15th of June, at 
St. Luke's, and stealing therein, 1 saw, value 8s. 6d.; 1lb. weight of pork, value 6d.; and 2 birdcages, value 3s.; his property.






JOHN LINES
. I live in Twisters-alley, Bunhill-row, St. Luke's. On Tuesday, the 16th of June, I went into my workshop, at the bottom of my yard, a wall encloses it with the house—I found the shutter was broken down, which had been nailed up for five months—on looking about I missed a hand-saw, two birds, and two cages, and some pork—I afterwards found one bird in the cage, in Chequer-square—Mr. Tarbox, who had bought it, detained the prisoner while I went for a policeman.

Prisoner. The workshop is fifteen feet from the dwelling-house; he now indicts me for breaking and entering the dwelling-house. Witness. My shop is at the bottom of the premises—the garden is now taken in, and made a shop of—you go out into the open air to go to it.





WILLIAM TARBOX
. I live in Chequer-place, Whitecross-street. On Tuesday, the 16th of June, the prisoner came to me with a linnet in a cage, to sell, at two o'clock in the day—I gave him 1s. for them—he said he had had it above six months, and told me to be very careful, and mind what seed I gave it, and to give it the same as he had given it himself—in consequence of inquiry, I afterwards went and found him behind an old house, in Chequer-square—I told him a gentleman had called about the bird—he then said he bought it of a man in Old-street, for 8d.—he was apprehended on the 17th.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you leave me, and go into your house, and did not I wait till the policeman came? A. Yes, there were two or three persons round; you could not run away.





JOHN STONE
. I am in the employ of Warren and Fowler, in Old-street, St. Luke's, pawnbrokers. On the 17th of June, the prisoner pledged a

saw—he asked 2s. on it—I lent him 1s. 6d.—he said it was his own, and I took it in—I am not certain of the time.





EDWARD SLARK
 (police-constable G 100.) I received charge of the prisoner—he said he bought the bird of a man in Old-street, for 8d.—I found 3s. 4 1/2 d. on him—he said he met a man in Whitecross-street, who asked him to buy the saw, that he said he would not buy it, and then he pawned it for him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTYAged 20.— Of Stealing only.—


Transported for Seven Years.
