




719. 




GEORGE WOODLEY
 and 




WILLIAM JONES



, stealing 288 coffin-plates, and other articles, value 5l. 12s.; the goods of 



Joseph Price and another, the masters of Woodley; Jones having been before convicted: to which 
WOODLEY pleaded 


GUILTY
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.







JOSEPH NORIE
 I am foreman to Mr. Joseph Price and another, of King-street, Smithfield—Woodley was in their service. On 20th Feb. I put myself in a position to see the front of their premises, at a quarter-past eight o'clock in the morning—I saw Jones loitering about the next door, and in a few minutes I saw Woodley come to the shop-door, and beckon Jones in—I then saw Jones come out with a sack on his shoulder—I followed him to Smithfield, till I saw a policeman—J then went to him with the policeman, and the policeman asked him what he had in his bag—be' said coffin-furniture, which he had brought from his master, Mr. Price, in King. street, and he was going to take them to a customer over the water—he was asked the customer's name, and he said, "Mr.—, Mr.—, Mr.—," and then he broke off—we took him to the station, and went back and gave Woodley in charge—this is the property; it is my master's, and worth about 3l. 10s


Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Did he not say they were given to him by some person, and then he could not get out the name? A. He said he was going to take them to a party over the water, and then he could not get out the name—he said he had been sent by a party on the other side of the water to fetch these goods.

MR. ROBINSON
Q. When did he say that? A. As he was walking to the station—he had been loitering about the house for nearly five minutes—he did not go into the house, he went up to it.





ADAM M'DONALD
 (City-policeman, 241). I took the prisoner into custody—he was asked at the station for his address—he gave No. 40, Isabella-street, Oakley-street, Lambeth—I went there with my sergeant, but could not hear of him.





ANDREW PATTERSON
 (City-policeman, 87). I took Woodley into custody.





JOSEPH NORIE

re-examined Woodley had no authority to send then things out.

Cross-examined. Q. Who would have authority? A. No one—when they were bought we delivered them to Woodley, the porter—he was the person to deliver them out, when he was authorized to do so—he might get any one to help him, if be were ordered to deliver them—these were delivered from the front door.

Woodley. I employed this man to take them.





THOMAS STROUD
 (policeman, L 174). I produce a certificate of Jones's former conviction at this Court—(read Convicted Sept., 1847. confined sit months)—the prisoner is the person.

JONES—


GUILTY
 Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There were two other indictments against Woodley, and one against Jones.)
