



332. 




THOMAS REEVES
, was indicted

for a like offence.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a record of the conviction of Thomas Reeves at this Court in April, 1817—I have examined it with the original—it is a true copy—(read).






WILLIAM TERRY
 (policeman, K 395). I was present at the prisoner's trial for uttering counterfeit coin, in April, 1847, at this Court—he is the person.





ISAAC HOLMEWOOD
. I sell bread at Peckham for the League Bread Company. On 25th Nov. between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came for a quartern loaf, and gave me what I supposed to be a half-crown—I put it in the till, where there was no other half-crown, and gave him Is. 11 1/2 d. change—I saw he had a hurt on his finger, and he said he had burnt it—I took the half-crown out of the till again, having some suspicion, and found it was bad—I was going out, and at the door met West, the policeman, and gave it to him.

Prisoner. Is there no other way in which you can identify me but by my hand? Witness. Yes, I should know you again from five hundred, independent of that, by your features.





THOMAS WEST
 (policeman, M 349). On Saturday, 25th Nov. I saw the prisoner in the Old Kent-road, about eight in the evening; and followed him to Holmewood's shop—he went in, and I saw him come out again with a loaf under his arm—I went into the shop and Mr. Holmewood gave me this counterfeit half-crown (produced).

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me afterwards? A. Not till I took you, at about twelve on Friday, you were then walking along—I told you you were charged with passing a counterfeit shilling on the previous Saturday night, to an Italian boy in Union-street; you said you were not there, and had not bought any image; I asked you where you lived, you told me over the water.





ANTHONY PRETTIGES
. I am an image-maker, at 3, Church-street, Shoreditch. On Saturday night, 25th Nov., between nine and ten, I sold the prisoner three images in a street overthe water—he gave me 1s. and went away—on looking at the shilling and putting it into my mouth, I found it was bad—I gave it to Whitlamb.





JOHN WHITLAMB
 (policeman, M 89). On Saturday, 25th Nov. I was in company with West, and saw the prisoner in the Old Kent-road—saw him go to Mr. Holmewood's—after he came out, I followed him to Southwark Bridge-road; lost sight of him for a few minutes, and met him again in Union-street—I there saw him go up to Prettigee and purchase three images—I saw him leave him, and Prettigc-e gave me the shilling—the prisoner then passed into a dark turning, where I lost sight of him—on 1st Dec. I was with West, and saw the prisoner cross the Blackfriars-road into Webber-street—I told him I wanted him for uttering a bad shilling to an Italian, on Saturday, 25th Nov., in Union-street—he said he saw no Italian, neither had he been in Union-street—his fore-finger had a green sore on it.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me go into Holmewood's shop? A. Yes—and saw you come out with a loaf—I did not then know that you had passed the half-crown—I had not met West then—when I met you again it was in the Kent-road—I found this little brush on you, which has apparently been used for some chemical stuff.

MR. POWELL. The half-crown and shilling are counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

