



289. 



WILLIAM SAUNDERS



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Ditchman, and stealing 2 shawls and other goods, value 39l. 15s.; his property.






WILLIAM DITCHMAN
 I live at 5, Buckingham-street, Caledonian-road, in the parish of St. Maty, Islington. I am a solicitor's clerk—On 12th Nov. I left home about half-past eleven or twelve o'clock—I left my servant at home—I returned about half-past ten or eleven in the evening—I then missed the articles stated, and a few others—I am afraid 40l. would hardly replace them—they were worth a great deal more than 10l.—the articles produced are some of them.





CHRISTIANA SHETHER
. I am servant to the prosecutor. On Sunday evening, 12th Nov., I left the house at a quarter before seven o'clock—I lelt the street-door fastened, the latch was closed—I tried the door with my hand, so as to ascertain that it had caught—I returned at nine o'clock—I missed a hat from the back parlour, and the other articles stated.





EMILY PALMER
. On Sunday evening 12th Nov., about eight o'clock, the

prisoner came from Mr. Ditchman's street-door, and asked if anybody was at home—I said, "No, "but if there was any message I would deliver it when the person came home—he said there was no message, only say that the man called from 15, Walton-place, Caledonian-road—at a quarter-past eight I fetched the supper beer, and I saw a light move in the front bed-room of the house, so as to intimate that there was somebody there—I thought it was the girl.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see my face? A. Yes.

Prisoner. I can prove I was at Woolwich the very day this happened. Witness. I had never seen him before—his face was towards me—there was light enough for me to see his features—I am sure be is the man.





WILLIAM HARRIS
 (policeman, N 112). On Sunday, 3rd Dec, I took the prisoner into custody at Islington, on another charge—I found this knife in his pocket, which is claimed by Mr. Ditchman.

Prisoner's Defence. I have had that knife twelve months, and the hat I bought on Sunday morning, 3rd Sept.





JAMES BRAKNEN
 (police-sergeant, N 9). I was with the other officer when the prisoner was taken—he had this hat and this handkerchief on—I told him where these things were lost from—he said, "I can prove where I had the handkerchief from, and the hat I bought in Petticoat-lane for half a crown.





WILLIAM DITCHMAX

re-examined. lean swear to the knife—I had had it a month or six weeks—it was in the pocket of the trowsers that were taken—I had used it on Sunday morning—a piece was broken off—I have no doubt about this hat and handkerchief being mine—a short time before, I was out, and a person who distributes tracts came—I took one, and my hat being rather too large I put this tract inside the lining, and it was found in it when the hat was found on the prisoner's head—this is it.




GUILTY
. †—


Transported for Ten Years.

