



779. 




EDWARD BROWN
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Alfred Martinelli, on the 
25th of January, and stealing therein, 3 rings, value 5s.; 2 shawls, value 1s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 1 gown, value 2s.; 1 pencil-case, value 8s.;1 box, value 1s.; 1 piece of stone, value 6d.; 4 sovereigns and 10 shillings; the property of 



Caroline Amelia Green:—3 brooches, value 3s.; 1 breast-pin, value 1s. 6d.; 2 seals, value 2s.; 1 split-ring, value 6d.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 6d.; 7 images, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 knife, value 1s.; the goods of said 



Alfred Martinelli.






ALFRED MARTINELLI
. I live at No. 26, New-street, in the parish of Lambeth. On the 25th of January I left home, about three o'clock in the afternoon, with my wife—I left the front parlour-window quite secure, with a spring latch to it—I have a lodger, named Green—she was at home when I left, in the front-room first floor—I returned a little after eight, and found the parlour window broken, and the latch undone—I missed the images off the mantel-piece, and other articles stated, from the room.





CAROLINE AMELIA GREEN
. I lodged in the front-room first-floor of the prosecutor's house. On the 25th of January I left the house, about half-past four o'clock, with my cousin, leaving nobody in the house—I shut the street-door, and am quite sure it was fastened—I returned between nine and half-past, after Mr. Martinelli, and missed three gold rings, four sovereigns, 10s., a 3d. piece, a small-box, a dress, two shawls, a pencil-case, and two handkerchiefs.





MARY ANN JONES
. I am the wife of William Jones, of No. 64, New-street, Kennington Cross. On the night of the 25th of January, I was coming home about ten minutes before seven o'clock, and saw three young men near Mr. Martinelli's house, whispering together—I passed them, and spoke to Churchill, who returned with me, and then I saw the same three young men come out of Martinelli's house—Churchill ran after the prisoner, who was one of them, and took him—two of the three had bundles, the other had not—the prisoner had a bundle—I went, and called a policeman—I pointed out the direction in which the young men had run, and he picked up a bundle down a street at the corner of Martinelli's house.

Prisoner. I was standing at the corner of a street and saw three men come running up a dark street, and one behind them, hallooing, "Stop thief"—I did not move from the corner till they passed—they ran down a turning. Witness. I heard no cry of "Stop thief" before Churchill seized the prisoner, and he hallooed "Stop thief"—he was secured in Lower Park-street, which is the next street but one—I am certain he is one who came out of the house.





ROBERT WILLIAM CHURCHILL
. I am a labourer, and live in Park-street, Kennington—I saw Mrs. Jones in New-street, about ten minutes to seven o'clock, on the 25th of January, and went down the street with her—I saw three men come out of Martinelli's house—I could not distinguish who they were at the time—I know all three of them—the prisoner is one—hewas the last that came out, I am certain—he had nothing with him that I saw—if I ever said he had a bundle, it was a mistake—I went down the street on the left and secured him—he had no bundle then—I had not lost sight

of him from the time he came out of the house till I seized him—I did not know him before—I heard money rattle when I took him, and found four sovereigns, six shillings, three sixpences, a 3d. piece; two seals attached to a ribbon, three rings, two brooches, a silver pencil-case, a gold pin, and a little box—they were all loose, some were on the pavement, and some in a garden in front of the houses—I gave them to the constable, with a ring and brooch which some one gave to me on the spot.





CHARLES CUTBUSH
 (police-constable L 63.) I received the prisoner in charge with the property—Mrs. Jones pointed out a street about one hundred yards from the prosecutor's—I ran in that direction, and picked up this gown, shawl, and handkerchief.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. When the three men ran past me down the street, I ran to see what was the matter—Churchill grabbed hold of one of the men, and he dropped something—he then let go of him, came over and collared me, saying, "You are one of the party," he then said, "No, I cannot swear to you;" and let me go—I went over the way with him, and staid while he picked up the things; a lot of women and boys said I was not the party.





ROBERT WILLIAM CHURCHILL

re-examined. I did not catch hold of any body before him, nor did I say I could not swear to him—I took hold of nobody but him—there were only three men in the street—I did not let him go.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

