



1742. 




MICHAEL CARROLL
 was indicted

 for feloniously killing and slaying 



James Bristow.






RICHARD SMITH
. I am a smith—I live opposite the gas-works at Old Ford. On Saturday night, the 10th of Aug., I was at the Dog and Part-ridge, at Bow—I came out there a few minutes before twelve o'clock—on my road home with some friends we had a little conversation—I walked a few yards past my own door, and we stood talking about some working affairs—a stone was thrown, as we supposed, from a window opposite, and it struck a young man named Kingdom on the back of his head—Bristow was not there then—we then had to retreat from a party who interrupted us with sticks, &c.—we ran towards the railway arch at Old Ford—we waited there a few minutes—Bristow then came up to us in his way home—we stood at the corner of the street he was living at—Carroll had been with the party before—I do not know whether he was there at that time—I went back to go home, and we had to go past the house where the disturbance took place, and Carroll was walking in a kind of concealment, with the poker under his coat—Thomas Smith, who had been struck previous to that, in passing along by himself, hallooed out, "There is the man that struck me"—I did not hear Bristow say anything—I was then about four-teen or fifteen yards from the door of the house, and the prisoner was about ten yards—he was near enough to hear Smith say, "That is the man that struck me"—as soon as he heard Smith say that he went to the door, and rapped twice with the head of the poker—by that time Bristow

had got a few yards past the house—I was perpendicularly opposite—Carroll seized Bristow by the collar, and struck him with the poker by the side of the head—in consequence of that Bristow fell—the rest of the Irish party then chased me and those who were with me, and we ran back again to the railway arch—we missed Bristow, and did not see him for a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, when he was coming back with two policemen—he had been to the station-house—I am sure the prisoner is the man who struck him with the poker—he had not spoken to the prisoner, or to nny of them—he was smoking his pipe, and when he was struck the pipe fell, and the lighted ashes made the light more brilliant—the pipe fell before Bristow did.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. What had you been about at this time of night at this public-house? A. Taking a glass of beer, like anybody else—I went in by myself—I think there were only about three or four others in the public-house—I knew them—I used to work with two of them—when the stone was thrown there was me and three others, and Kingdon, who got struck, was just at his own door—I went into the public-house about half-past eleven o'clock—I first saw Bristow after we had had a skirmish with the Irish party, who came out with sticks—we ran to get away from them, and we stood talking for nearly twenty minutes after, before I saw Bristow—we stood talking the matter over—we were afraid to go back, as there were so many of them with sticks and other things—the prisoner was not near us then—he was not in our sight—we had run from the direction of his house to the railway arch—I was nearest to Bristow when he was struck—there was Kingdon and Bristow, and one or two friends—I was about half a dozen yards from the prisoner when the blow was struck, and the rest of the party were about half a dozen yards behind me—just before the blow was struck we had been doing nothing but just talking the matter over—we had not done anything to him—we had no quarrel with him when the blow was struck—we had previously, but Bristow was not there.

COURT. Q. At the time Bristow came up and was struck, were any of you attacking the prisoner? A. No.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Were you saying anything to him? A. No, the farthest of us were twelve yards from him—there was nothing said to him, but Smith said, "That is the man that struck me"—the poker was then under his coat—it was a starlight night—I did not perceive any moon—the prisoner had not been beaten or attacked till he offered to fight Joseph Williams, and then he began to call out, "Mike"—he went btck towards his own house, and in less than two minutes the party was out with sticks—no one had touched Carroll, but Joseph Williams—no one else laid a hand on him that I saw.





BENJAMIN MATTHEWS
. I am a bricklayer. On that Saturday night, about twenty minutes past twelve o'clock I was in bed—I heard a noise in the street—I ran out and saw several persons with sticks, and I saw the prisoner with a poker under his coat—I did not see Bristow—I went in doors.





JAMES MALLARD
. I am father-in-law to James Bristow, the deceased. I was at home all that day when he was brought home at night—I examined him—he was very much covered with blood, and had two wounds on his head.





JOHN GILBERTSON
. I am assistant to Mr. Baker, a surgeon, at Bow.

I saw the deceased about a quarter past five in the morning—he was suffering from the effects of concussion of the brain—I found two wounds on his head, and from their external appearance, I should say the wound over the right temporal muscle caused his death—he died about three hours after I saw him—it was his body that Mr. Garman afterwards saw.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you see him? A. At his own house—he had been bleeding, but not very much—the blood was stopped when I saw him, and I should say it had been for two or three hours—he died about eight o'clock in the morning—when a person is in a state of coma, as he was when I saw him, the pulse is very low—it would not be right to bleed him then—a man is as if he were asleep—had he been bled at first, it would probably have reduced the circulation—one of the wounds was not more than a quarter of an inch long—the one over the temple was large.





HENRY VINCENT GARMAN
. I am a surgeon. I did not see the deceased till after he was dead—my impression is, that the violence of the blow caused a rupture of a branch of an artery on the right side of the head, which allowed a certain quantity of blood to escape, and that accumulated into a clot and caused death—it was all in consequence of a blow.





NORTH FOLEY
. I am a widow, and keep a greengrocer's shop. I was clearing up my place, and heard a screaming outside—I then opened the door to see for my children, but they were inside—I closed the door, and took the latch by the handle and peeped out—I saw Carroll down, and a number of men beating him—the back of his waistcoat and his shirt were exposed—I did not know any of them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see Smith? A. I do not know the party—they were all strangers to me—I went out, the man roused up, and I knew him to be Carroll—he looked as if he bad been very well beaten—he had some marks.





JOSEPH WILLIAMS
. There was a battle—Bristow was not there at that time—I was there when Bristow first came up, which was about twenty minutes after the battle—he did not strike anybody, or act offensively to anybody—I did not see him struck, but I saw the prisoner with a poker concealed under his coat, as Bristow passed, and I saw him walk over to Bristow—I did not see him strike him—I saw the prisoner go to a door and knock—some Irishmen came out with sticks—Bristow went down with me for the purpose of identifying some person who had bitten him.





EDWARD FULCHER
. I was up stairs when the first of these parties ran away—I opened the window, and saw some of them come back, but I do not know who—I then heard another row—I went to the door, and saw Carroll with a poker—I asked him for it, and he gave it me directly.

Cross-examined. Q. Whom did you see near there at the time? A. I do not recognize any one that I saw, only Carroll—I did not see Smith there—I did not see any fight between the parties after I had taken the poker.





WILLIAM MORLAND
. I saw Carroll fight with Joseph Williams, and after that these twelve or fourteen Irishmen came up with sticks at the corner of Taylor's-buildings—Bristow was not there at the time Carroll was fight-ing Williams—I am sure of that—Bristow was there about twenty minutes afterwards—I saw Carroll with a poker under his coat—I did not see him strike anybody.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen Carroll beaten by anybody? A. I

saw him beating Joseph Williams—Richard Smith was there at the time—it was light enough to see who the persons were, if you were pretty close to them—I saw Bristow supported along by two policemen—he lived in Douro-street, I believe, which is about 200 yards from where this took place.





WILLIAM COCKERELL
 (police-constable K 266.) I saw nothing of the fight—the prisoner was not drunk.

MR. ROBINSON
called






DANIEL KEYNON
. Between twelve and one o'clock on that Saturday night, the party connected with the deceased man came to my door, and Williams, as far as I am given to understand, knocked at my door—Richard Smith was there—they complained of people being in the front room, raising the window, and cutting one of their mate's heads—I saw no man with his head cut—they did not want to search my place—I saw Car-roll standing at the corner of the street with his hands in his pockets—he told the men not to be too hasty—he said the night was dark, and they could not tell whether the stone came from this side or the other—they said, "You Irish b—, what is that to you?"—Williams went and pulled him into the road to fight him, and the others struck him with their fists—I went in and heard him singing out as if he was being violently beaten—I looked out, and he appeared to have been violently beaten—Smith was in the party—there were five who came to my door—there were seven or eight persons round Carroll.





JOHANNA LEE
. I saw Carroll coming round the corner with both his hands in his pockets—there were five men kicking at Keynon's door, and then they went to Carroll, took his coat over his head, and took his hat off—I know Kingdon was one of the men, and he took his hat—I could not swear to any other of them.
(—Davidson, manager to Messrs. White and Co., the prisoner's employers, gave him a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

