




1548. 




SAMUEL WITHERS
 and 




HENRY GILES ATKINS
 were indicted for

 uttering a forged 5l. Bank of England note, with intent to defraud the 

Governor and Company of the Bank of England.—2nd COUNT, with intent to defraud 



John George Weston.






JOHN GEORGE WESTON
. I am a tobacconist, and live at No. 35, Holbornhill. On the 25th of April, about seven o'clock, the two prisoners came to my shop together—Withers spoke first, and asked me the price of goods, which I told him—he then said that he wanted to make a purchase, and that he had a bill, which he produced—I said, if it was a good bill I had no objection to take it—he said it was accepted by a party in the Custom-house, if I inquired I should find it worth my notice—he left it with me to see if I would take it—this is the bill—it is accepted by a Mr. Burnside—his residence is stated in the bill as Spring-terrace, Horsemonger-lane—I went next day to the Custom-house—I did not find any such person as Burnside—I did not see the prisoners myself afterwards till they were in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. I believe you entered into an arrangement with Withers to take some cigars on your discounting the bill? A. No—he left it with me to inquire—I said, if I found it was good, I would take it—I did not inquire at No. 5, Spring-terrace, as Burnside was not known at the Custom-house—the prisoner represented him as a clerk or officer there—I inquired of several people in the hall—I found he was not in the Custom-house at all, and did not trouble to go to Spring-terrace—I have been there since, and found a Mr. Burnside lived there; and next day we went, and he was gone, and his goods also—I did not know Burnside, and never took two bottles of wine with him—when I went after Withers was in custody, I was asked to take a glass of wine by a person representing herself as Mrs. Burnside—I did not see Mr. Burnside there at all—the address of Withers, No. 15, Stand-gate-street, Lambeth, is on the bill—I went there to arrest him—he was not there—nobody knew the name of Withers there—after a deal of inquiry, and waiting about all day, we found him, and found he had lately married a person named Bath—he was living there by that name.





JAMES MORRISON
. I am in the service of Mr. Weston. The prisoners

came to the shop when master was not there—I had not seen them when master was there—they came together, about ten o'clock, on the Saturday evening—Withers said they had made an agreement with Mr. Weston for some cigars, and they had come to take them away—they named what sort they wanted, and I gave them 2lbs. of cheroots, 2lbs. of different sorts, and 2lbs. of British Havannahs—they took them away, and Withers gave me a 5l. bank-note—Withers came back, and said he would take another pound of cigars—the goods amounted to 3l. 1s.—I gave him 5s., which was all the change I had, and they went away—I put the 5l. note into the till until I went home—I then gave it to Mr. Weston—there was no other note there—it was the only note I ever took.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe Withers called three times that day? A. Yes—the first time was about one o'clock—he asked me if Mr. Weston was at home—I said No, I thought he was at the other shop in Queen-street—they went out, then called again, between four and five, and asked if Mr. Weston was in—I said I had not seen him since—I did not tell them he was at the shooting gallery—they called the third time about ten, and asked if Mr. Weston was within—I said "No"—Withers said he had come for the cigars, he had made an agreement with Mr. Weston, and I let him have them—he said he had been into the country, and was going again, and would come for the change of the note when he came back on Monday—he told me to tell master he was the Mr. Withers who had left a bill with him the day before—I told master so—master had told me not to give up the bill, and I did not—I looked at the number of the note when it was first given to me to see the number—I am certain of that—this is my signature to this deposition—(the deposition stated, "The note was No. 1769; I took no note of the number at the time; I put it into the till; I noticed the number at the time.")

MR. WESTON. The witness gave me the 5l."note—I looked at it, and pronounced it bad immediately—I went on Monday morning to the Bank, and had it marked "forged"—this is it.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am inspector of Bank-notes at the Bank of England. This note is forged in paper, plate, and signature.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you call it a good imitation? A. No.





THOMAS GREATHEAD
. I am a cheese monger, and live in Bridge-row, Lambeth. I received this 5l. note, which has been produced, on Saturday, the 13th of April, from a woman—on looking at it afterwards I imagined it to be forged, and sent after her—she brought the prisoner Withers to me the same day, and said, in his presence, he was the person who had paid it to her—he asked to look at it—I showed it to him—he said it certainly was the note he had given her, but from the parties he had it from, he did not think it was a bad one—I told him my impression, it was; that I had spoken to the woman, and I should have the money back on Monday—I had given her the change for it—on the Tuesday they paid four sovereigns—I kept the note till Saturday, the 27th, about eleven o'clock, or from that to one, when Atkins brought the remaining sovereign, and took the note away—he was not with Withers when he came before, but he had called in the meantime with a message, and he said he had come from Withers to pay the sovereign and take the note.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know who the woman was? A. Yes; I had known her some years—I think Withers said he knew it was the note he paid the woman, because the name of Mason was on it—he looked at it, and said it was the note—I cannot say he recognised it by the name on it, but I had seen that name on it—it had been kept separate from other notes—I told the woman I believed it was a bad note—she proposed to take it back, and pay me.






SARAH MURRAY
. I live in Temple-street, St. George's-road. On this Saturday night the two prisoners came to my house—Atkins came first with a bundle to Mrs. Danks; I live next door, and she not being at home, I took the bundle from him—Withers came to Mrs. Danks's shortly after, and she not being at home, I went to him—he said, "Have you seen Atkins? because he has got a bundle of mine"—while I was talking, Atkins came up—I was standing at my door, and we had a little conversation—the bundle was opened, and about a dozen cigars taken out and given to me—they then went away.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Withers's residence? A. No—I never saw him before, nor his wife.





JAMES WOOD
. I keep a public-house in Blackman-street, Borough. On Saturday, the 27th of April, Atkins came to my house, and offered me 2lbs. of cheroots—I bought them of him.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you pay for them? A. Sixteen shillings—that was a fair price—I have known him about four years as a tobacconist—I never heard anything against him—he kept a shop in Dover-road when I knew him.





JOSEPH TODHUNTER
 (City police-inspector.) I have produced the note—it has been in my custody—I apprehended Withers on the 29th of April, in Stangate-street, Lambeth, going into his house, No. 15, I believe—I apprehended Atkins on the 3rd of May, in Kent-street, Borough.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you search Withers? A. Yes, and the house afterwards—I found on him a bill for 4l. 14s. 6d., at three months' date, a similar bill to the one produced, but the drawer of this is the acceptor of the other; also a spoiled bill for 9l. 15s.

Atkins's Defence. Mr. Weston has known me many years; I gave him an order a week before for cigars.

WITHERS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.


ATKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—



Confined Two Years.


Third Jury, before Mr. Baron Gurney.

