




2302. 



ROBERT WHITE
 and 




JOHN HEATH
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 watch; the goods of 



Philip Lewis; Heath having been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL PINKERS.
 I am a general dealer—I had the care of Mr. Philip Lewis' stall on the 11th of July—there was a crowd of people round the stall, and I ordered a man, who I believe was White, several times off the stall—I had several watches handing up—I afterwards missed one—it has not been found—it was the property of Mr. Philip Lewis—I gave an alarm to the officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Was it not the officer who gave an alarm to you? A. No—the stall is in Levy's clothes exchange, Houndsditch—I had nineteen watches there; some of all sorts—a boy told me about the watch—he is not here—the officer spoke to me about ten minutes afterwards—it was worth a sovereign—I saw it between eleven and twelve in the morning, and about twelve o'clock the boy told me it was gone.





ROBINSON WEBB
 (City-policeman, 658.) I was in Levy's clothing exchange, and saw the prisoners in company—I watched them for about three quarters of an hour, saw them go up to a jeweller's stall, Heath took up a timepiece, and attempted to steal it, but the man took it away from him—they then went to Lewis's stall, White got into conversation with Pinkers, while Heath took the watch from the nail.

JURY.
Q. Were the prisoners together after they took the watch? A. I saw them leave the stall together—they were both together when they left the exchange, as far as I could see—I went after them for about twenty yards, and then did not know which turning they took—I went down one, which must have been wrong—I had seen them talking for three-quarters of an hour before.





JOHN NEWELL
 (policeman, N 102.) I produce a certificate of Heath's former conviction—(read—convicted 7—th April, 1845, and confined one year)—he is the person.

WHITE—


GUILTY.—



Confined One Year.


HEATH—


GUILTY. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

