



1652. 




RICHARD GOODHART
 was indicted

 for stealing certain bonds and securities for payment of money, the property of 



Thomas Baxter.






THOMAS BAXTER
. I live in Assembly-row, Mile-end, and am clerk to Curtis and Co., floor-cloth manufacturers, in Whitechapel-road. On Monday, the 17th of May, I went to the counting-house, and found two desks had been broken open, also a deal box, in which I had a tin box, in which were these Spanish and Portuguese bonds and certificates stated in this indictment—I have valued them at what they would now fetch, which is 300l., but their nominal value is more than 3000l.—they were all gone—they had been safe the evening before, when the counting-house was locked, and all the place made fast—there was a hanging shutter to the window, and they got in by that window—these now produced are my property—I have compared them with a list I have of the numbers, dates, and amounts—I have not the least doubt of their being mine.





JAMES FLETCHER
. I am a waterman. On Friday evening, the 21st of May, I was at the White Hart public-house, Drury-lane—there were some persons there, and the prisoner was amongst them—I had never seen him before—we were playing at skittles—a person who went with me pulled off his jacket, and put it by the side of the bench—as he was going to put it on again, he missed his tobacco-box and his knife—there was a disturbance about it, and a young man who was with the prisoner said, "Do you oppose we should go to steal such a thing as a tobacco-box, when we have got so many thousand pounds about us?" and the prisoner then produced

a blue handkerchief, like the one which is here now—he held it up, and then laid it on the counter, but still kept hold of it.





DOMINIC CARD
 (police-sergeant F 15.) I walked after the prisoner on the 21st of May from Drury-lane towards the station about eleven o'clock at night—I saw him several times shift his hand from one of his pockets to another—this raised my suspicion, and when he got into the passage leading to the charge room, he dropped this parcel—I said, "There it is,"and I was in the act of picking it up, and a man who had been in the skittle-ground took it up—I took it from him and opened it in the charge-room—I found it contained the property stated in the indictment.





GEORGE MUSGROVE
. lam an inspector of police. I produce the pro-perty which I received from the officer.

Prisoner's Defence. The man who, as the officer states, picked up these bonds, was before me, and the officer with a great deal of trouble got them from him, and that man was a friend of Fletcher's.





JAMES FLETCHER
. I never saw the man before.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—


Transported for Seven Years.
