




889. 




WILLIAM STRUDWICK
 and 




CHARLES JACKSON



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward William Wollen, at 
St. John's, Westminster, and stealing 1 watch, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 6 spoons, and 1 ring, value 2l. 104.; his property: to which


JACKSON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fourteen Years
.

MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution,





EDWARD WILLIAM WOLLEN
. I am an ironmonger, of 17, Besborough-place, Belgrave-road, in the parish of St. John, Westminster On Saturday night, 3d March, I went out with my wife, about seven o'clock—I secured the back-door with bolts and locks; the rindows were shut and fastened, and I left the front-door on the latch—no one could get in without a key—I was away about an hour—when I came back, before I got to my house, I noticed a light in my bed-room—I knew I had left no one in the house, and I directly thought there were thieves in the house—I left my wife, and tried to get in at the front-door with my key, but could not succeed—I then went round to the back, where there is a wall, dividing my house from the sewer, and I then saw a man, who I believe was Strudwick, attempting to get over the wall—I was within ten yards of him—he was getting from my premises—I called, "Police!" and for assistance from my neighbours, and no one came—the man did not get over, but went back again—I should say he could hear and see me—I next saw him in the custody of the police—I came round to the front again, and found the door open—I went into my house, and found the drawers open—the kitchen-door had been burst open, and the cupboards and drawers all open—it appeared to me that the house bad been entered from the area-window—they had got down the area, cut the glass, and turned the sash-fastening—there was glass cut out large enough to admit two or three fingers, and sufficient to turn the catch—I missed a watch, a pair of sugar-tongs, six spoons, and a ring—I found some lucifer-matches.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINI. Q. The wall is at the back of the premises? A. Yes—I saw the front of the man—I believe Strudwick is the man—I am satisfied of it in my own mind—I saw him perhaps a minute or two—I saw his face—I was somewhat confused and excited—I had been running; I stood still when I saw him—there was a gas-lamp just across the sewer, by which I could see his face, and it was a light evening.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. How far off was the gas-light? A. Perhaps twenty yards, or a little more—he could have got over the wall without any difficulty, but seeing me he went back again.





EMMA WOLLEN
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I came home with my husband on the evening of 3d March, and saw a light in the upper room—my husband left me, and ran on—I went to a neighbour, Mrs. Bickerton, she came out, and I went to my door—when I had been there two or three minutes, Strudwick rushed out—I have no doubt whatever that be is the man—I touched him on the arm as he passed, and said to some of the neighbours, "That is the thief; pray hold him"—he tried to escape over a fence in front of the house, across the street—he was taken in endeavouring to get over—it

is a fence, enclosing ground for building upon, and runs in front of about sixteen houses—I did not lose sight of the-man till he was taken.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite positive that you never lost sight of him? A. Quite—I am certain of him—I have not the least doubt in the world—I cannot tell whether he saw me as well as I saw him; I should lay, he was looking away from me, trying to escape—his head was turned away from me—I am positive of him, because I did not lose sight of him till he was taken—I am sure the same person who came out of the house was taken into custody—I am not sure of him by noticing his features—there were about a dozen people collected—the prisoner did not make his way through them—they were standing near the door, the man did not pass among them—when he came out there were very few people, they were not near enough to him, when he came out, for him to go among them before be got to the fence—when he came out he did not seem to know which way to go; he first turned to the right, then the other way, and afterwards went to the fence, and was taken there.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you see him taken? A. Yes; as he was in the act of getting over, Farrington took him





JANE BICKERTON
. I am the wife of John Bickerton, and live next door to the prosecutor. I recollect Mrs. Wollen coming to my door on Saturday night, 3d March—I and Mr. Farrington, a lodger of mine, went out with her—when we had been at the door two or three minutes, the two prisoners came out, and one ran one way and one another—I can swear to Strudwick—he ran, and tried to jump over the railing, Mr. Farrington caught him—I had not lost sight of him at all—there was no one on the house-side of the paling but me, Mrs. Wollen, and Mr. Farrington—it is an iron railing that goes round the area—there is a row of houses, of which this forms one-the railings run in front of all the houses—the fence where he was caught is another place—to get from Mr. Wollen's to that fence you must cross over the road—Strudwick had crossed the road when he was taken.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him taken? A. Yes; at the palings—they are not so far off the house as the width of this Court—there were no other people assembled opposite the door, only us three; I am quite sure of that—I do not know whether any others were standing looking on—I only noticed Dangerfield, who caught Jackson—I was not at all agitated—I had an uninterrupted view of Strudwick, he did not pass through any people whatever—he never went near anybody at all till he passed Mr. Farrington—he went straight ahead when he came out of the door, he did not stop at all; he ran direct to the paling.





JAMES FARRINGTON
. I am a smith, and lodge at Mrs. Bickerton's. On this night I went out with her and Mrs. Wollen to the front door of Wollen's house, and saw Strudwick come out—I was standing on the pave-ment, about six yards from the house—he came towards me, and then turned short, and ran to the paling—I caught hold of him, and held him—he had not been out of my sight from the time he came out of the house—there might have been three or four persons there—the paling is immediately opposite Wollen's house.

Cross-examined. Q. Then when he came out of the house be turned towards you? A. Yes; I was standing at the right of the door—when he came close to me he turned back, and went to the railing—he did not have to go through any people—there were not many people collected; there were further on, but not where he was running.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. What did you do when he came towards you? A.


I caught hold of him on the paling, and threw him down—I was close after him.





JAUES ROGERS
 (policeman, A 288). I received charge of Strudwick, in Besborough-place, from a policeman of the B division—I took him to the station.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






EDWARD STAINES
. I reside at I, Dorset-street, Vaux hall-bridge-road, and am a button-maker, in the employ of Mr. Nutting, of Regent-street, West minster, and have been so eleven years. On the night of this burglary I was at the Besborough Arms—I heard a cry, ran out, and met the prisoner Strudwick in the middle of the road, near the Besborough Arms, which is in a turning on the right, called Besborough-place, opposite side to where Mr. Wollen lives—Strudwick was going towards the prosecutor's house—I joined him, and we both ran towards the house the cries proceeded from—when we got there, there were between forty and fifty persons there, running backwards and forwards—I cannot say whether there wore any persons near Wollen's door—the persons running appeared to be in pursuit of some one—I lost sight of Strudwick, leaving him against some palings—I saw Jackson running, and went in pursuit of him, and received a blow on my arm from him, with a life-preserver—I helped to take him, with a gentleman whose name I do not know—I informed the police in which direction he ran, aid the spoons were there found—I went before the Magistrate next day, for the parpose of stating what I have now said, and I was ordered to stand down by the Magistrate's clerk.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do you know Strudwick? A. No; I know him by sight, not personally—I never spoke to him; I swear that—I may have known him by sight these twelve months—I did speak to him when we were running together towards the prosecutor's house, but not before—I was in the tap-room of the public-house, drinking—I have seen Strudwick rowing on the water, when I have been on the land, and the people have said, "There goes Strudwick;" that is how I came to know him—directly he came up to me, he said, "There are thieves"—I said, "Yes;" and he raid, "Come and help me to pursue them," and we went to the home—the Besborough Arms is between twenty and thirty yards from there; it may he more; I never measured it—it is in the same street—there are no houses opposite the prosecutor's, but there are further down—that is the person that Jackson struck (pointing to a Mr. Miachell)—Jackson was nearly opposite the public-house, running towards the place I had left—he was three or four houses from the place—I did not meet him till after I left Strudwick—when I was coming from the paling he was in the road—I met him face to face—I was running to and fro about a minute or two in front of Wollen's house, to see if I could see any of the thieves—I did not see anybody come out of the house—I heard the Cry of "Stop thief!" in the Besborough Anns; that was three or four minutes before I saw Jackson—I should think there were forty or fifty people there; there might be more or less—I swear, to the best of my belief; there were thirty—they were right along the road from the Besborough Arms, running all manner of ways, up and down—me and Mr. Dangerfield took Jackson into custody—I did not see Strudwick after that, till he was at the station—I met him in the hands of the police, before he arrived at the station—I did not then say to Mr. Mitchell that I knew Strud-wick, and that he was one of the biggest thieves in Westminster—I said nothing about him; not a word—I only told him to come down to the station when I saw his head was bleeding—I swear I never mentioned Strudwickjs name to him—we walked together—we did not have much talk; we only said it

was a shame that they should use those things, and cut people's heads open like that—I did not tell Mr. Mitchell, when I saw Strudwick in custody, that he had been with me a short time before, and it was very singular he should be taken into custody—I have never been in any trouble myself.

MR. PARRY. Q. Was Mitchell's head bleeding? A. Yes; he seemed to be suffering—I told him he had better go to the station—that was all I said to him.

COURT. Q. You only saw Jackson running? A. No; I thought he was the thief, because he had his coat and waistcoat open—he was three or four doors from Wollen's house—I left Strudwick at the paling—he said, "There are thieves; I shall get over here, and see if I can see them," and I left him in the act of getting over—he had not got quite over; he had his two hands up, to lift himself up, to look over—I directly ran among the crowd, and did not see any more of him till he was in the hands of the police, and then Jackson was in custody as well.





GEORGE SNEE
. I live at 4, Goodman's-green, Westminster, and am a carpenter. On this night I was near the Besborough-gardens, about 250 yards from Wollen's house; and heard a cry of "Thieves!" and "Murder!"—I ran towards Besborough-place, where the sound proceeded from—when I got to the Besborough Arms, I saw Staines come out from there—I saw Strudwick standing in the road, and saw Staines join him; they proceeded in the direction of the prosecutor's house, and I followed close behind—I saw Strudwick a minute or two, and left him standing by the pales—a man ran out from the crowd, and struck Staines on the arm—I was about twenty yards from Wollen's door at the time—Staines said, "What did you hit me for?" and then ran after him, and took up a stone or brick to heave at him.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did not you see Strudwick again? A. No—I have been at work for myself four years—I have seen Strudwick before, and knew him so as to speak to him—I have known him about four years—I never went to a public-house with him, nor with Staines—we did not all three walk up together—Staines and Strudwick walked there together—I walked behind—he merely went to the palings, to look over—I was about ten yards from Strudwick when he went up to the paling—Staines went pretty near to the paling with him—he was in the road—I was in the road about two minutes before Jackson came out—he was right opposite the house, and about twenty yards from the door when he struck Staines—I was standing just behind Staines—I should think there were twenty, or thirty, or fifty people between me and the house when Jackson came out, he had to run through the mob to strike Staines—I know Staines, by seeing him; I have no acquaintance with him—I knew him, just to speak to him, when I saw him—we were never out walking together—I never met him in a public-house—I did not go to the station-house with Strudwick or Jackson—I did not go to the police-office—I did not see where Jackson came from, when he came up—he came from among the crowd—Strudwick was just by the paling, three or four yards from me, leaning over it, looking—it is about five feet high; a wood hurdling or fencing—he could look over it.

MR. ROBINSON
called






WILLIAM GEORGE MITCHELL
. I am a stockbroker. I apprehended Jackson—Staines was there; he was running with those who were running after Jackson—after I seized Jackson, those who were in pursuit of him came up, and a policeman in plain clothes, and I handed him to him—we went together to the Besborough Arms, and met a policeman with Strudwick, and as soon as we came up to him Staines said, "I know that fellow; he is one

of the biggest thieves in Westminster"—he applied that observation to Strudwick.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did he mention Strudwick's name? A. No; he was looking at him—there was a crowd of ten or fifteen persons—Jackson was within hearing; he was as near as he could be to Strudwick at the time—I was hurt on the head, and bleeding, but I was not at all confused.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. How long were you walking with Staines and Jackson before you met Strudwick? A. Not above five or six minutes;—I believe Staines addressed the observation to Strudwick.

MR. WOLLEN
re-examined. This is my watch, and these spoons and tongs are mine—I left them in the house on that evening—I next saw them at the station the same evening.





EDMUND COX
 (policeman, A 269). I picked the watch up in the direction in which Jackson had run, about a hundred yards from the prosecutor's door—I also found five spoons, and the sugar-tongs; they were together.
(William Knell, undertaker, 89, Regent-street, Westminster; Edward Lawrence, cowkeeper, Palmer's-village, Westminster; John Simmonds, tobacconist, 4, Brunswick-road, Westminster; Richard Stevens, labourer; Thomas Finch, baker, 10, Paradise-row, Westminster; gave Strudwick a good character.)

STRUDWICK—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

