



568. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 handkerchief. value 1s.; the goods of 



George Juckes, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE JUCKES
. I live at No. 9, Bolton-terrace, James-street, Camdentown I am a carpenter. I was at the corner of Warren-street at twenty minutes before twelve o'clock at night on the 14th of Jan. and I perceived a handkerchief taken from my left-hand jacket pockets—I turned round, and

saw the prisoner going round a wagon—he was close up against me when he took the handkerchief from my left-hand jacket pocket—I felt him take it, and turned short round he might have been the space of a yard from me—he then turned round a wagon—I missed my handkerchief, and cried "Stop thief!"—I pursued the prisoner—he ran up Warren-street—the policeman sprang his rattle—on my getting into Grove-street I found the prisoner in custody, and my handkerchief was in the policeman's possession—I had used the handkerchief about five minutes before I felt it taken—there were lots of people round the wagon, but the prisoner was the nearest to me when I turned short round.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. How came there to be lots of people round the wagon? A. The horses were slipping about, trying to get up Warren-street—it was a frosty night—there might be twenty people round the wagon, looking at it—I had been out to take a walk, and was coming home—I went out about nine o'clock, and walked to Oxford-street, and back to Camden town—I had not been anywhere else—I got to Oxford-street about ten o'clock—I went into a house and had a glass of ale—I returned from Oxford-street about half-past ten o'clock, and from then till twenty minutes to twelve I had done nothing but walked from Oxford-street to Camden-town—it was about 400 yards from where I missed my handkerchief to the place in Grove-street where I found the Prisoner—I cried "Stop thief!—there were some more persons ran—the policeman sprang his rattle, and when I came up I saw the prisoner in custody—there was a lamp at each corner of the street, by the wagon—when I turned sharp round I did not see anything in the prisoner's hand—I am quite certain I felt a hand in my pocket.





JAMES MASON
 (police-constable S. 168) I was on duty in Grove-street—I heard a cry of "Police!" and "Stop thief!"—I saw the prisoner running towards where I was standing—I saw him throw something down on the footway—I stopped him—Hughes came up, and I desired him to look in the direction where supposed something was thrown—I found some duplicates clenched in the prisoner's hand.

Cross-examined. Q. You took a great deal of trouble about these duplicates? A. I made some inquiries—I was not able to trace them to any one but the prisoner—I was ordered to give them back to him—I saw him running when I came up, and there might be ten or twenty persons running—he was fifty yards ahead of the others—he ran into my arms—I did not say to him, "It was all a chance that I did not take another man that I saw running down the street"—I said it was a chance, I happened to meet him, as I happened to come up the street—there was no other man to take—I saw him throw something, which proved to be handkerchief, and he ran into my arms—several other persons came up—I cannot say whether they heard what passed about the chance—I think it is probably they might.





JOHN JUGHES
 (police-constable S 102.) On the night of the 14th of Jan. I was on duty in Warren-street—I heard the cry of "Stop thief!"—I saw the prisoner running into Grove-street—I followed him and sprung my rattle—Mason had him in custody when I came up—he directed me to where the prisoner had dropped something on the path-way, close to the railing—I went to the spot and found a silk pocket-handkerchief—the prosecutor said, "If it is my handkerchief, it is blue with white spots, and has hole near the middle of it;" and it turned out to be so.

Cross-examined. Q. Did youhear what passed between him and the manson? A. No—the people who were running were a little behind me—I had before sen the prisoner run into Grove-street—I saw three men coming up Warren-street—I ran myself before the three—there were four ran at the time I ran, the prosecutor, a gentleman, and his friend—there

might be from ten to twenty persons run into Grove-street, after they heard the cry of "Stop thief!"—I did not run till I heard the cry.

COURT
to
JAMES MASON. Q. Did any other person pass near enough to the spot where the handkerchief was picked up, to have thrown it there, except the prisoner? A. No I distinctly saw him throw it from his right handd.





GEORGE JUCKES

re-examined. This is my handkerchief.





JAMES WEBB
 (police-constable S 228.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted the 2nd of June, 1846, and confined six month)—I was present at trial—the Prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

