



1250. 




JOHN ARCHER
 was indicted

for feloniously and knowingly uttering, on the 
29th of May, a request for the delivery of 12lbs. weight of shag tobacco, and 12lbs. weight of returns bird's eye tobacco, with intent to defraud 



John Lloyd and another.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY WEST
. I am in the employ of John and Francis Lloyd, tobacco-manufacturers, Snowhill. On Thursday evening, the 29th of May, about five o'clock, the prisoner came to the warehouse, and presented an order—he said he was going to Friars, Smithfield-bars, (which is a tobacconist's,) and would call as he returned—the order was signed "Joseph White, Clare-street," who is a customer of ours—I looked at it after the

prisoner was gone, and sent it to Mr. White—the prisoner returned before the person came back—I said the tobacco was not packed—when the person returned from White's, the prisoner was told the order was not White's, but was forged—he was taken to the station—I was handing the order to the clerk at the station—the prisoner snatched at it, and got part of it, and I suppose he must have eaten it in the scuffle, as his person and the place were searched, but we could not find it—I have the other part of it—I believe the words were, "Please send by bearer 12lbs. of fine shag, and if you are sending by our way on Saturday let me have 12lbs. of birdseye returns; let the shag be good. J. White, Clare-street"—I am sure the order produced at the station was the same the prisoner produced to me—I did not know the prisoner before.





JOSEPH WHITE
. I am a tobacconist, and live in Clare-street. I have dealt with Messrs. Lloyd many years—the prisoner lived with me for about a month, and has left a year and half—a piece of paper was brought to me—it was then entire—this now produced is part of it—I am satisfied it is not my handwriting—I have every reason to believe it is the prisoner's writing—I have seen him write, and am satisfied it is his writing—I gave him no authority to write it.





JAMES HOLLAND
 (City police-constable, No. 262.) I received the prisoner in charge, and while the charge was being entered at the station, the order was handed over—the prisoner snatched at it, and got part of it—I closed in with him, but could not get it, and do not know what be-came of it—all his clothes were taken off, but I could not find it—he said nothing.

Prisoner's Defence. I have been bad in my head, having a stone thrown at me fourteen years ago; I had been out of employ some time, and had nothing to eat all day; I met two or three people I knew, and asked them for relief: they took me to a public-house, gave me spirits and beer; when I left them I felt quite giddy; if I take the least drink it causes my head to come bad; I lived with a surgeon in Southampton-street, Bloomsbury, and he told my father I was inclined to be insane, and was not accountable for what I was doing; he was out of town a few days ago.





JAMES HOLLAND

re-examined. The prisoner was quite sober.




GUILTY
.** Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

