





1402. 




JAMES NICHOLAS

and




RICHARD ROBERT ELLIS



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Leigh, at 
Lewisham, and stealing two watches, 1 milk-pot, 24 spoons, and other articles, value 14l. 13s. 6d., his goods, Nicholas having been before convicted.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






ESTHER LEIGH.
 I am wife of William Leigh, of No. 8, Ordnance-row, Lewisham-lane, in the parish of Lewisham. I keep a greengrocer's shop—on Sunday 20th Feb., about two o'clock. I left home to go to a funeral, leaving my husband at home—I returned at half-past eight, found the door closed and waited for my husband—he came in five or six minutes with the key, and tried to unlock the shop door, but could not—we went to the private door, it was wide open—we went in, and went down the kitchen steps at the back of the house—the kitchen door was wide open, the shutters down, the window open, and the drawers also—I found both bed rooms strewed with linen and other articles, and the landing also—the drawers were all opened and emptied—I missed two silver watches, a silver milk-jug, twenty spoons, a blue and white silk handkerchief, and other articles—these are the watches and handkerchief (produced)—I hemmed this handkerchief with ravelling—it is my husband's.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN.
Q. When had you seen it before? A. In the morning—it is nothing unusual to be hemmed with ravel—I lost several others, but had only one like this.





WILLIAM LEIGH.
 I keep this shop. On 20th Feb., after my wife went out, I went to chapel at half-past six o'clock, with my wife's aunt, who lived in the house—I keep no servant—I locked the shop door and the private door—the kitchen windows were shut—they had never been open since I had the house—when I returned I found my wife at the door, the private door open, and found everything as my wife has described.





ROBERT DIXON.
 I am assistant to Mr. Perkins, of Battle-bridge, pawnbroker. I produce a silver watch, chain, and key, pledged by Ellis, on 21st Feb., about one o'clock, for 30s.—he gave his address No. 5, Congreve-street—I asked whose it was—he said it was his brother's.





JEREMIAH LOCKERBY
 (policeman, S 180.) On 25th March, at night, I took Ellis, in Somers-town. I said I took him respecting a bit of beef—(that had nothing to do with this charge)—he said he had been to the station and made that all right—I took him to the station, and said I wanted him on suspicion of a robbery at Greenwich, on the night of 20th Feb.—he hesitated, burst out crying, and said, "You know I did not do it, but I won't suffer for anybody else"—on 9th May, I went to the House of Correction, and took Nicholas on his being discharged from gaol—he had been there two months—I said I wanted him on suspicion of a robbery at Greenwich, on 20th Feb.—he said, "I never was at Greenwich in my life"—he had three handkerchiefs in his hand—my brother officer took them from him—he said, "Those are my handkerchiefs, let me have one to put on, and took the one produced, and put it into his pocket—I said, "You shan't have it at all"—he became rusty, and would not go—I gave it to my brother officer—he said, "Those three handkerchiefs are all mine," and he said so again going to the police-court.





JOHN DEAR
 (policeman..) I was with Lockerby. Nicholas selected the blue and white handkerchief to put on—he had been committed on 10th March—Ii took him there—I was present on Saturday night, 27th March, when Ellis was taken—when he was in the cell at Greenwich, on the Monday, he said, "I will not suffer for other people, I will tell the truth; I

had it from Chandler; I know where it came from, it came from Greenwich"—Chandler was tried here last sessions.

Ellis. Chandler asked me to sell it, and I gave him the money.





GEORGE JAMES STEERS.
 I am an officer of the House of Correction. I received this handkerchief with two others, from Nicholas on 11th March—he had come in on the 10th—they were given up to him when he went out.





RICHARD LAMBERT.
 I am gate-warder of the House of Correction—these three handkerchiefs were taken from Nicholas, and handed to me three days before his discharge.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman, R 84.) On Sunday, 20th Feb., I was at the Greenwich terminus, in plain clothes, watching persons who came down from London—Nicholas came down about five o'clock in the afternoon—I have no doubt of him—I had seen him before—Chandler was with him—I did not see Ellis—I followed them up South-street, which is not half a quarter of a mile from Mr. Leigh's—they went in that direction—one of them, I cannot say which, had this silk umbrella under his arm, or one exactly like it—I believe this to be it—it was given to me.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons came down? A. 150, or more—I saw the umbrella when they came towards me—they passed me, and I went out of the station behind them, went before them again, walked to the corner of the street, and let them pass me again.





GEORGE BARNARD LIMBREY.
 I am a baker, at Lewisham-road. On the morning after the robbery I found this umbrella in a passage, at the back of my master's premises, which adjoin Mr. Leigh's—it would lead to the back of Mr. Leigh's house, to the kitchen—there are two houses between.





PAUL PRITCHARD.
 (policeman.) This signature to these depositions is Mr. Jeremy's—I was present ar the police-office, and heard the prisoners make a statement, which was taken down—(read—"Nicholas says, 'I am innocent, I was never in Greenwich in my life till I was brought here;' Ellis says, 'On 21st Jan. I was at Battle-bridge; a man named Chandler came up and asked me to have a glass of ale, when I had drank it he asked me to go and pledge the watch, which I did, and gave him the money; I know nothing of Nicholas.' ")

MR. PARRY
here withdraw from the prosecution against
ELLIS, who was



ACQUITTED.






HALL RICHARDS.
 I produce a certificate of Nicholas' conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1844, confined three months)—I was present—he is the man—he had been constantly in prison since.

NICHOLAS—


GUILTY. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

