



609. 




HENRY PUDDUCK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of January, at St. Marylebone, 2 tea-pots, value 10l., and 1 milk-pot, value 2l., the goods of 



Mary Lushington, in her dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM HERBERT
. I am servant to Miss Mary Lushington, of No. 4, York-place, Baker-street—she is the housekeeper—I have the care of the plate. On Wednesday, the 22nd of January, I was in the kitchen about half-past eleven o'clock in the day-time—the plate is kept in front of the house, in my pantry—I saw two tea-pots and a milk-jug, and other plate, which had just been cleaned, standing on the dresser, about a quarter of an hour before—while I was in the kitchen I heard the area door at the bottom of the steps open, and in about a minute I heard a sort of jingle in the pantry—I went there, and missed two tea-pots and a milk-jug—I saw the prisoner going up the area steps into the street—I went after him, came up to him, tapped him on the shoulder, and said he had something which did not belong to him—he said he had, that he had just picked them up—I got an officer, and had him taken—I was present when two teapots, silver milk-jug, and two packets of blacklead, were produced from his person—he had them in his hand, in a bag—(looking at them)—these are my mistress's property—they are silver, and are worth 20l., I should think.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is Miss Lushington here? A. No, she is about seventy years old—her sister lives in the house with her, and she is between fifty and sixty—they have lived together many

years—Mary is the elder sister, and the house and all the property was left to her—the prisoner is the man I saw coming up the steps—I did not see his face going up the steps—I took him within three or four minutes, about thirty yards off—there was nobody else passing.





WILLIAM RANDOLPH DONALDSON
. I live in Northumberland-street, New-road. I was passing No. 4, York-place, on the 22nd of January, and saw the prisoner come out of the area about twelve o'clock, or a little before—I saw the witness seize him, and am certain the man he secured is the man I saw come out of the area.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see two other men standing by the rails of the area? A. Not then, but when the footman brought him back to the house, I saw two men standing at the corner, about two doors off—they were dressed as mechanics.





WILLIAM HERBERT

re-examined. I saw two men standing at the rails when I looked—I am quite sure the person I saw going up the steps was neither of those two men, because 1 particularly noticed his height, and the coat he had on.





THOMAS GANE
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I know the prisoner to be the person who was convicted by the name of George Fountain.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

