



1476. 




THOMAS JACKSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of March, at 
St. Martin-in-the-Fields, 45 yards of woollen cloth, value 40l., the goods of 



George Gillott and another, in their dwelling-house.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE GILLOT
. I am a tailor, and live in the Strand. On Saturday morning, the 25th of March, at a quarter-past nine o'clock, I missed a piece of brown superfine cloth, measuring forty-five yards and a quarter, worth about 40l., but being damaged, it cost me 38l.—I had seen it safe between seven and eight the same morning—I found a bat left in the shop—on the Wednesday week following I saw the cloth at Mr. Dempster's shop—this now produced is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where do you live? A. Two doors from Buckingham-street—the cloth was on a shelf behind my shop-door—I gave an alarm immediately I missed it—it is my dwelling-house, and in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields—I am in partnership with my brother—we both contribute to the rent, but do not both live in the house—it is my dwelling-house.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you any right to a portion of it by yourself? A. Yes, I pay rent for part of it to the firm—the business pays the rent and taxes—the servants of the firm do not live in the house.





ELEANOR DARCY
. I have the care of a suite of chambers in Buckingham-street, Strand. About nine o'clock in the morning, on the 25th of March, I was standing at No. 3, in the same street, next door to the public-house, which I had a full view of—I saw the prisoner come out of it with a roll of cloth, rolled up much tighter than it is now, and without any paper on it—he brought it out in his arms, put it into a cab, which was coming down the street, and got in himself—he had no hat on, nor any with him.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose this did not take long? A. Not very—the cab came down the street—it stopped opposite the public-house before the prisoner came out—he did not carry it on his shoulder, but in his arms—I was not much farther from him than I am now—he did not speak to me—I had never seen him before—on the 24th of April I went to the station-house, and saw him in custody—I swear positively to him.


MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Before you saw him had anybody else been pointed out to you? A. Yes, the same morning—I did not know that person—"when I saw the prisoner I knew him directly—I have not seen one Clark.





ELIZA STONE
. I am the wife of Richard Stone, a tallow-chandler, of Buckingham-street. On the 25th of March I was at the corner window of my husband's house, which gives me a view up and down the street into the Strand—I know the prosecutor's shop—I saw the prisoner bring some cloth down Buckingham-street, and go into the public-house opposite, and I do not think it was a minute before he put it into a cab, and drove away with it—he had no hat on—he had nothing round the cloth—I am positive of him.

Cross-examined. Q. Is your house on the same side of the way at Darcy was standing? A. No, opposite—I was at the first floor window—the person walked very quickly—Buckingham-street is on a descent from the Strand—he carried the cloth on his right shoulder coming down the street—as I was at the window his left side was nearest to me, that 1 am sure of—I had never seen him before—I took particular notice, and said I should know him again—I did not call out of the window to him, nor ask him what he had got—he passed very rapidly into the public-house, and immediately came out with the cloth.





FRANCES DAY
. I am servant to the Rev. Mr. Isaacs, of Richmond-row, Dalston. On the 25th of April I was cleaning the steps of Mr. Vaughan's private door, in Buckingham-street, where I lived at the time—I saw a person, whom I believe to be the prisoner, with a bale of cloth—he had no hat on—I did not see any hat with him.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you attending to what you was about? A. No, I was gaoing about—I was examined before the Magistrate, but not bound over.





JAMES LOCKYER
. I am shopman to Mr. Dempster, pawnbroker, Black-friar's-road—I have a roll of cloth which was pawned at our shop, on the 25th of March, for 19l. 10s., between the hours of three and five, in two pledges, by a person I know perfectly well—his name is Clark—it was not the prisoner—I am sure I could not be mistaken—Clark is twice the prisoner's age and taller—he is full forty-five or fifty.

COURT. Q. What is he? A. A man who pawns things from the Queen's Bench—they are called Benchers.






JOHN BRADDICK
 (police-constable A 30.) On the 24th of April, I took the prisoner into custody at the Cock and Bottle, Bedfordbury—I found 3l., and some silver on him—I received this hat at Bow-street, from the inspector—I do not know that any one was present—I fitted it on the prisoner's head the following morning—it fitted him very well, in my opinion.

Cross-examined. Q. Would it not fit any body whose head was the same size? A. Yes—it fitted him remarkably well.





GEORGE GILLOT

re-examined. This is the hat that I found in the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the whole of the cloth here? A. I have not measured it—it is in three pieces—I can swear they are portions of the cloth I lost.




GUILTY
of stealing only.
 Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

