



1266. 




WILLIAM BANNISTER



, stealing 1 watch, value 10l., the goods of 



Ann Thompason; 1 show 1l., the goods of 



Charlotte Warner; and 1 apron, 3d., the goods of 



Margaret williams; in the dwelling-house of 



Edward John Stanley.


MR. EWART
conducted the Prosecution.






EBENEZER BENJAMIN CHESNAY.
 I am a teacher of dancing and music, and live in Belgrave-mews East, Grosvenor-crescent. On 26th April, between one and two o'clock, I was standing at the corner of Grosvenor-erescent, and saw two men standing in Halkin-street, whom I had seen come out of the mews where I live—I saw one run through the Church or chapel-yard, at the top of Belgrave-mews, and whistle with his fingers—he then ran through a bit of waste ground at the back of the chapel—I walked a few paces, and saw him look up to the top of the house, No. 2. Grosvenor-crescent—I looked up, and saw the prisoner come out of the middle attic window into the gutter—I am sure he is the man—I saw him feel in his pockets—I spoke to a person coming by, and noticed him some time, I saw him go along the gutters to No. 3 and 4, and try to open the windows of both houses—I called, "Police!" and immediately I did so the shrunk down in the gutter, and hid himself—I told the policeman what was going on—he crossed over, and we saw him come out of the gutter, and run along the parapet to No. 9, and get in at window—I went and got another Policeman.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear to me at the top of six-story house? A. I can—I kept my eye on you from the moment you got out of No. 2 till you got in at No. 9—I am quite confident you are the man, from your height, make, and dress.





ISAAC SARGENT.
 I live at 6, Grosvenor-crescent, and have charge of Nos. 6, 7, and 9, which are empty house. On 26th April, about twenty minutes to one o'clock, in consequence of information, I went to No. 9 with the policeman—I did not hear any one about the premises, and came out

again—I went in again, and found nothing—I went in a third time, and then found the prisoner coming down the first flight of stairs—he was taken into custody—I asked him what business he had there—he said he had been to examine some chimney-pots—I asked him, "Who for?"—he said he did not know the gentleman's name—I asked who employed him—he said he was his own master, he was engaged to do the job—I afterwards searched the roof of No. 5, and found this shawl rolled up, and part of it stuffed into the mouth of a pipe leading to the gutter—I gave it to the policeman.





WILLIAM LOW.
 I am footman to Mr. Alexander Wood, of 5, Grosvenor-crescent. On 26th April, in consequence of what I heard, I went up to the back attic, and saw the lead pulled away from the side of the gutter at that window—I afterwards moved those pieces of lead, and out dropped a gold watch—I gave it to the policeman.





JOHN MARTIN
 (policeman B 36.) On Wednesday, 26th April, about one o'clock in the day, I was on duty at Grosveenot-crescent—the prisoner was pointed out to me on the roof of a house—I saw him go into No. 9—I went to the keeper of the house, went in, and found the prisoner on the second or third floor—the keeper of the house had been in before—I asked the prisoner what he was doing there—he said he was a sweep, employed to examine the chimneys—I asked who employed him—he said he did not know—I took him to the station—he there said he was a butcher—I took this apron from him—he said it was his own—this shawl (produced) was given me by Sergent, and this watch (produced) was handed to me by Conatty, a policeman, who is not here—I did not see him get it—I found 10s. 6 1/2d. in the prisoner's pocket.





WILLIAM LOWE

re-examined. I cannot swear that this is the watch I fount, but the seal had a "D" on it, and so has this—the watch has the same appearance, and was fastened just in the same way, with a silk guard—Grosvenor-crescent is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square.





ANN THOMPSON.
 I am in the service of the Hon. Edward John Stanley, of NO. 2, Grosvenor-crescent. This watch is mine, and is worth 10l.—on the morning of 26th April I left it in a drawer in my bed-room, which is one of the attics Warner, my fellow-servant—I have seen her wear it, and know it—this apron belongs to Margaret Williams, a fellow-servant.

Prisoner's Defence. As I was crossing Grosvenor-square a man stopped me, and asked if I would go and examine some chimneys, and he would give me 6d.; he took me to No. 9. out at the garret window, and told me to stop there; I waited a quarter of an hour: I looked out, and saw this apron lying in the street; I went down and picked it up; I went up to the house again, and staid there till the policeman and a mob of people came, and I was taken.




GUILTY. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

