



2410. 




JOHN BASTOW



, stealing 2 coats, value 7l.; the goods of 



Edward Scratton.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES KINNERLY
. I am a constable, in the employ of the Eastern Counties Railway. I was on duty at the terminus on Saturday, 7th Oct., at the departure platform—I saw the prisoner, and watched him about an hour and a half—trains went out and came in, but not there—the prisoner did not

take any ticket—I then saw him go into the first-class waiting-room—he stood as if looking at a placard that was up, but his eyes were looking about—I saw two gentlemen come in and take some luggage, and a porter came and took it out after them, the prisoner followed them—I continued to watch him—I saw the gentlemen go into the waiting-room again, and the prisoner stood leaning against the door-post—shortly afterwards they went out, leaving the prisoner alone—he came on the platform and looked about—he then went into the waiting-room and took two great coats on his arm and walked out towards the street—when he got midway he went across to a placard, and was looking back on the way he came—I went up and said, "Where are you going with these coats?"—he hesitated, muttered something and said, "I am going to take them to the Lost Property Office"—I said, "I will save you the trouble; I will take them and you too"—I took him before the Superintendent, he stated he had been at the station for two years—the Superintendent said, "I saw you at the station this morning, and told this man to watch you."

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did he not say that he was looking for his brother, and that he had been there before to see his brother? A. Yes—he said he wanted Turner to come, but he did not come—he said he had spoken to a gentleman about taking these to the Lost Property Office—he did not say that if I would go with him he would find the person—the Lost Property Office is not difficult to find—there is a board put up, it is very conspicuous—the Woolwich trains go from there.

COURT. Q. Had this man any authority to take them to the Lost Property Office? A. No.





EDWARD SCRATTON
. These are my coats—they were not lost property, I left them in the first-class waiting-room—I was going back to get them.

Cross-examined. Q. Are they both yours? A. Yes—I was going to Chelmsford—the coats had been in the waiting-room ten minutes or a quarter of an hour.

Prisoner. I never was under lock and key before; I used to go on the railway every morning and night; the Lost Property Office was close by where I was; I was not going in the direction of the road.
(George Edward Parish, of Queen-street, Cheapside, and Mr. Letts, a printer, of the Strand, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
