




147. 




ISAAC JESSOP
 and 




THOMAS TICER
 were indicted for

 stealing on the 
2nd of Nov., at 
Chingford, 6 sovereigns, 180 groats, and 4 5l. Banknotes; the monies of 




Robert Boothby Heathcoate, clerk, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






REV. ROBERT BOOTHBY HEATHCOATE
. I am the Rector of Chingford. On Saturday, the 1st of Nov., about six o'clock in the evening, I had two old 5l. notes and three other 5l. notes, which I had received from Mr. Frazer, the cashier at Messrs. Childs', on the 29th of Oct., a few sovereigns and some id. pieces—I put them in the drawer of my writing-desk, which was in my study—it was all safe at six o'clock in the evening—I locked it up with a Bramah key—I missed it on Monday—Jessop had been a servant in my house—I turned him off in Aug.—I had put the Bramah key into my shaving case, where it used to be kept—Jessop knew it was kept there—on Sunday, the 2nd of Nov., I was going to church at a quarter before eleven o'clock, and saw Jessop coming up a corner as if he were going to my house—he had not on his working dress—to the best of my belief I do not think anybody else in my house knew where the key was beside Jessop—I never took any money out in presence of any of my servants—on the 4th of Nov. I met Jessop coming from the train, and taxed him with having been in my house—he said he had spoken to the kitchen-maid outside the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When was it you had seen this safe? A. On Saturday, at six o'clock in the evening, and missed it on Monday—when I went to church on Sunday I left the kitchen-maid in my house, and the nurse was up stairs, to the best of my knowledge—I understand there

were no others at home—I think all went to church but them—that kitchen-maid had been in my service at the time Jessop was—Jessop is a native of Chingford, and had been staying out all night when I sent him away—I should have been sorry to have given him a character—I had a great number of 4d. pieces, as near as I can remember about 3l. worth—Jessop knew where my key was—to the best of my belief, I have taken money out in his presence, and he cleaned the box tops in the shaving-case—the key was in one of the glasses in the shaving-case, which was kept in my study—the kitchen-maid might have had access to it, and might have found the key.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Jessop was your footman? A. Yes, and had access to my study—I recollect several times having paid money in his presence—I have locked the case in his presence.





JAMES ELLIS
. I live at Chingford, and am a farmer's labourer. I know both the prisoners—I was in their company on Saturday night, the 1st of Nov., at Mr. Emery's beer-shop at Woodford—I was with them about half an hour—we drank one pot of beer together, which I paid for—they did not pay for any beer, and did not give any reason why they did not pay.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time was it? A. From half-past ten to eleven.





JEMIMA RADLEY
. I was in the prosecutor's service at Chingford, on the 1st of Nov.—I had been so for a year and eight months—Jessop was a fellow-servant of mine—I do not exactly know when he left—it is very nearly three months ago—he was paying some attention to me—on Sunday, the 2nd of Nov., he came to the door about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning—the nurse was up stairs—she and were the only persons in the house—my master and the family were not at home—I was in the kitchen—I went to the door of the house to speak to Jessop—my master's study is about the middle of the house—the window is about three or four feet from the ground—I could not see the study window while I was standing at the door with Jessop—I do not know whether the study window was fastened or no—the door of the study comes into the passage inside the house—Jessop was at the house door a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, with me—I did not see any other person—when Jessop and parted there was an arrangement made between us to meet again, and he came to church with Ticer in the afternoon, after was there—I came out of church with them, and we walked to the top of the hill, very near to Mr. Heathcoate's house, where they had to come to go home—we parted there, and made an arrangement that should meet Jessop on the 'Sunday evening, from half-past seven to eight o'clock—I kept the engagement, but when I got there did not find Jessop, or any other person representing him—I know he lived with his father and mother at Chingford Hatch—I do not think he has been in any situation since he left Mr. Heathcoate's—if he had I should have known it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Then, in point of fact, Jessop was talking to you the whole time that morning, and did not leave you at all? A. No—I was eighteen months in Mr. Heathcoate's service, and he turned me away in consequence of my talking to Jessop—he has not turned me away without a character—he said he would do all he could for me—Jessop was fifteen months in my master's service—there was plenty of property about—he was a well-conducted young man, as far as I know—I do not know that I was to be married to him.





HENRY WRIGHT
. I am a horse-clipper and groom, and live at Chingford. I have known the prisoners some time—on Sunday, the 2nd of Nov., I saw both the prisoners about half-past eleven o'clock, as near as could be—Ticer

was ten or eleven yards before Jessop—they were going towards'Mr. Heathcoate's house, and were about 120 yards from it—I did not speak to them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You nodded to them? A. Yes, I had known them previously, and had been in the habit of seeing them about that neighbourhood—I do not know whether they were acquainted.

COURT
to
JEMIMA RADLEY. Q. Was Ticer in the habit of visiting Jessop when he was in your master's service? A. Yes.





ISABELLA HODDELL
. I am the wife of William Hoddell—we keep a beer-shop. I know the prisoners by their using my house—they have been there together, but not a great deal—they came on Sunday, the 2nd of Nov., about two o'clock in the afternoon, and stopped till half-past two—they came again about five, and stopped till about half-past five—they had ale, ginger-beer, and cheroots—they paid for them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was not Ticer a person who lived in the village? A. Yes, all his life, I believe.





FREDERICK ROBERT SALTER
. I reside with my father, who is a hatter, I and lives at No. 24, Aldgate. On Monday, the 3rd of Nov., the prisoner Jessop, I think, came to the shop—he came alone, and was alone all the time—he said he wanted a bat—he had just lost his hat—he was infact without one—he came in with nothing on his head—it was about a quarter before eight in the morning—I fitted a hat on him—it was rather too large, and I put a small piece of paper under the leather to make it less—the paper had some writing of my father's on it, and I knew it again when I saw it at Waltham-cross—that enables me without doubt to swear to it; and here it a mark also, which I know, on the leather of the hat, (looking at it)—this is the hat—here is our own name in it, and this mark on the leather—12s. 6d. I was the price paid for it—he offered me a 5l. note—I did not notice whether it was of the Bank of England—it was rather a ragged note, and I refused it because it had only one number on it—he substituted another note for it, which looked a new one—I asked his address—he said, "William Thomas, No. 19, Norton-falgate," which I took down on the note—this is the note I am certain, (looking at one)—here is my own writing on it—my father brought out the change.





JAMES BROWN
. I am shopman to Mr. Gamble, a boot and shoemaker, No. 16, Aldgate. On Monday, the 3rd of Nov., two young men, who I believe to be the two prisoners, but I could not recognize them, came to the shop together, about half-past ten o'clock—I sold them these two pairs of shoes on that occasion—this pair (looking at them) I did not tell them—the shortest of them had this pair on his feet when they came, and my lad sewed this button on them in our shop—this is the pair which I sold to the shortest person—these are plain leather, and this pair which are enamelled-leather I sold to the taller of the two—I think the shorter one paid me one guinea for them, but I am not certain—he gave me a 5l. note—I gave him four sovereigns, and he gave me 1s—this is the note—here is my writing on it, the address they gave, "Charles Snow, No. 29, New-street, Peckham"—I wrote this in presence of the two persons—here is our private mark on the toes of the shoes, and this pair is on a new style—we had not another pair of this sort in the shop—they were sent to me as a sample—they have a hook and eye to them—this other pair is not particular, they might be bought in any shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. All that was done by your lad was to put a button on one of the shoes similar to what is produced? A. Yes.





THOMAS HAWES
. I was in Brown's shop—two persons came in on Monday, the 3rd of Nov., before ten o'clock—I partly altered two buttons on their shoes—I

know my work—this is one that I altered—I am able to speak with certainty about it—this one button I put on—I cannot say whether the prisoners are the persons—I did not sufficiently notice their countenances.





JOSEPH GOODMAN
. I am shopman to Moses and Son. On Monday morning, the 3rd of Nov., the prisoners came to our shop about eleven o'clock—speak confidently as to their being the persons—I have no doubt about it—they purchased goods to the amount of 8l. some odd shillings—they paid me a 5l. note, three sovereigns, and some silver—the goods they bought consisted of these two over-coats, Codrington-coats, these two pairs of trowsers, (looking at them) and a hat—I cannot speak to this hat as being the one, because the lining is gone—they were in the shop about an hour—we have not the note they paid—it was paid into the banker's on the following morning—it was neither a new note nor an old one—it was not torn.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Who offered you the note? A. would not be positive—I think it was Ticer.





THOMAS HIRAM FRAZER
. I am cashier in the banking-house of Messrs. Child and Co. The Rev. Mr. Heathcoate keeps an account there—I paid him some notes on the 29th of Oct.—these notes produced are two that paid him.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you pay them personally to him? A. Yes—we always put the numbers of the notes we pay, on the back of the check, as these are, when they are single checks.





FRANCES JESSOP
. I am the wife of Joseph Jessop—we live at Chingford.—I am the prisoner Jessop's mother. On the 2nd of Nov. he was living with me, and bad been for some time—he always lived with me when he was out of a situation—he was out of a situation then—he went to Church that Sunday, and the next time I saw him was on the Tuesday—Ticer was a companion of my son's—he has been acquainted with him from a boy, and he wait with him on that Sunday—they returned to my house together, at nearly two o'clock on Tuesday—they brought a parcel or two with them—the officer came in at the back-door as they came in at the front—my son had half-a-sovereign of his father on the Saturday night, and he bad 1s., or 2s. besides—the bundles my son and Ticer brought were given to the officers—I did not see them opened.





WILLIAM MAY
 (police-constable A 384.) I am on duty at Chingford—I took the prisoners on Tuesday, the 4th of Nov., at Jessop's house, about two o'clock—I had seen them before going in a direction from the railroad towards that house—I told them they were charged on suspicion of stealing some money from Mr. Heathcoate—Ticer said, "Here is a pretty job about our going away on Sunday night"—these are the over-coats the prisoner had on—this is the one Jessop had on, and this one was on Ticer—they were left at the station with the sergeant—this hat which has the mark in it Jessop had on—this without a lining Ticer had on—I said, in going along, they looked like new clothes—Jessop said they bought them in Aug. last, and Ticer said he bought his hat at the same time.





AUGUSTUS PONMAN
 (police-constable N 326.) I assisted May in taking the prisoners at Jessop's house—this pair of shoes was on Jessop's feet, and this other pair on Ticer's feet—I received the bundles from Mrs. Jessop, containing these trowsers and some other things.





MOSES LANDER
 (police-sergeant N 41.) I saw the prisoners at the station about nine o'clock in the evening of the Tuesday on which they were taken—Ticer said he bought his coat in King-street, Borough, in Aug. last—I took these shoes off his feet—he said he bought them in Windmill-street, Gravesend, and he bought this hat without a lining, which he said was his,

at the same time he bought the coat—Jessop said he bought his coat on Holborn-hill in Aug. last, and his hat at the place stated in it—I produce these two notes—I have made inquiry at Peckham for Charles Snow, No. 29, New-street—I can find neither street nor person—I have inquired for William Thomas, No. 19, Norton-falgate—no such person is to be found there.
(Ticer received a good character.)

JESSOP—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


TICER—



GUILTY. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.







Confined One Year
,
