



2296. 




JAMES HICKS
 was indicted

 for stealing 32 printed books, value 13s.; and 6 pieces of printed music, 10s.; the goods of 



John Edward Evans.






WILLIAM JOHN CHALKLEY
. I am in the employ of Mr. John Edward Evans. I was drawing a truck with some parcels in it in Cheapside, on the evening of the 23rd of Aug.—I was near the corner of Gutter-lane—I had three parcels in the truck, and was going to deliver them at different booking-offices—just as I got to the corner of Gutter-lane I felt the handle of the truck give a sudden jerk—I turned and missed the middle parcel out of the truck, and I saw the prisoner—I dropped the truck and pursued him—he threw the parcel down in Gutter-lane—I passed by the parcel and pursued the prisoner—he was stopped in a turning near Gutter-lane, by a young man belonging to one of the warehouses—we brought him back to Cheapside and gave him to a policeman—the parcel contained thirty-two printed books, and some printed music.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you? A. In Cheapside—I was going to deliver a parcel at Gerrard's Hall—I cannot say whether I had got beyond Gutter-lane or not—I was about the centre, or as near the corner as possible—I cannot tell the name of the street in which the prisoner was stopped—the person who stopped him is not here—there is no other witness here who saw anything of it but me—there was a lad saw it, but he is not here—sometimes a parcel of that size contains 30l.; or 40l.; worth of property—I should have lost my character if I had lost that parcel—I was about a dozen yards from the prisoner when he dropped the parcel—there were other persons after him and me, but I was close on him—there were no persons running a head of me with the exception of the prisoner, and no person coming the other way that I observed—I was flurried, but I kept my eye on the prisoner—I was behind him just before he was stopped.

COURT. Q. How near were you to him when he dropped the parcel? A. Ten or a dozen yards—I was not near that distance from him when he was stopped—I am sure I did not lose sight of him—it was about seven o'clock in the evening.





HENRY MONTAGUE
 (City police-constable, No. 481.) I found Chalkley with the prisoner in his hand—he told me he had stolen the parcel, and he

gave the prisoner in charge—this is the parcel—the prisoner was stopped by a porter I believe, but I did not see any one but Chalkley with him.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

