



2575. 




GEORGE WHITE
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



William Teape, on the 
28th of September, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person, and against his will, 1 bag, value 5d.; 1 piece of printed cotton, value 1d.; and 1 pair of boots, value 19s. 6d.: and immediately before, at the time of, and immediately after the said robbery, beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.






WILLIAM SMITH
 (police-constable E 151.) On the morning of the 29th of September, about twenty minutes to three o'clock, I heard a scuffle in Church-street, St. Giles's, and saw the prisoner running—I asked what he was running for—he said, "Oh, nothing particular, I am going home"—I asked what he had under his arm—he said it was his own property—it proved to be a pair of boots and a piece of calico in a bag—I took him to the watch-house—I found a lucifer box and other articles on him.





WILLIAM EDWARDS
 (police-constable E 50.) I was standing at the corner of Buckeridge-street, and saw Teape coming towards me up Church-street—I noticed the prisoner, who was behind him, strike him twice—he struck him on the back of his head, and knocked him down, and when he was on the ground, the prisoner ran away with the boots and bag which he took from him—it was done instantly—I went up to Teape, who appeared the worse for liquor—I went with him to the station—the prisoner was then in custody—he was in my sight when Smith stopped him.





WILLIAM TEAPE
. I live in Prince's-street, Newport-market. These boots, bag, and cloth are mine—I made the boots twelve years ago for a

gentleman on Blackheath—I am sober now, but my head is not right yet where I pitched against the stone—I was not able to work for a fortnight—I was knocked down and robbed on this occasion—these articles are my property.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Do you know Dismore's gin-shop? A. If they followed and knocked me down, it ought not to be allowed—the boots were given me to put on the tree—I never saw the prisoner in the whole course of my life—I was not drinking with him that night in the Seven-dials—I had been drinking, but not with White—I would not drink with such a thing—his knocking me down sobered me—I do not know Brady—I came from Cork—his father and mother wanted to buy my boots, but I would not sell them—I had no quarrel with the prisoner, and never saw him till he robbed me—I did not see the prisoner in a gin-shop that night—I swear I did not drink with him—I never saw him till he knocked me down—I had my bag under my left arm—I did not trust anybody with it to take care of.

MR. DOANE
called






JOHN COCHRANE
. I am a tailor, and live in Cecil-street. On the 28th of September I was at Dismore's gin-shop, Seven-dials, about twelve o'clock at night, and saw the prisoner there, and the prosecutor, talking together—I cannot say they were drinking together.

Q. Did you overhear any thing they said? A. No—they appeared in conversation—I knew the prisoner, and he asked me to drink—the prosecutor had a bag—he did not stay there more than ten minutes—I went there to find my brother, and we both left the house together—the prosecutor did not leave while I was there—I saw nothing done with the bag—I left them standing together at the bar—several persons were standing in the house—the prosecutor and prisoner were face to face, like persons drinking together—the prosecutor was rather intoxicated—three or four more stood at the bar face to face.
(Mary Collins, of Oakley-street; Dennis Mahoney, Margaret Mahoney, Mary Conner, and William Phipps, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
