




1685. 



MICHAEL RAGAN
 and 




JULIA REDDING
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
1st of May, 216 handkerchiefs, value 17l.; and 7 1/2 yards of cambric, value 3l., the goods of 



John Horatio Canning; and that Red-ding had been before convicted of felony.



MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT ROGERS
. I am in the employ of Mr. John Horatio Canning, of Wood-street, Cheapside. On the 1st of May I went with a gig to Shoolbred and Cook's, in Tottenham-court-road—I had a lad in the gig—I went into the house, and had occasion for a parcel that was in the gig and the lad brought it to me into the house—when I came out I missed a parcel that had been in the gig, containing eighteen dozen of handkerchiefs and some cambric, worth about 20l.—these articles produced are part of the goods—there is a private mark on them that I can identify, and I also recognize this wrapper that is round them.





DAVID CHARLES WATERS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Franklin, a pawnbroker, in Tottenham-court-road. I produce two handkerchiefs which were pawned by Redding for 9d., on the 1st of May, about four o'clock in the afternoon.





EDWARD FAULKENER
. I produce twelve other handkerchiefs, pawned by Ragan on the 1st of May, about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, Ragan. I never pawned any. Witness. Yes, you did, you were rather intoxicated.





WILLIAM BALL
. I keep a shop. On the 1st of May, about four o'clock, Ragan came and said, did I want to buy a duplicate of twelve handkerchiefs that he had just pawned—I declined having any thing to do with them.

Redding. I was standing at my door—Ragan and another man came to me—the other man asked me to hem these handkerchiefs for him—I took them, and before I had time to do it the other man came and asked me to pawn them, which I did, where I generally pawn things.





JAMES GARNER
 (police-constable E 132,) I took Redding—she said she had never been near Mr. Franklin's, and had not had the handkerchiefs in her possession.





ROBERT ZOTTI
. I was in the police. I produce a certificate of Redding's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—she is the same person.

RAGAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged.

REDDING—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.




Transported for Seven Years.
