



943. 




WILLIAM RUSSELL
 was indicted

for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Maunder, at 
St. James, Clerkenwell, on the 
13th of December, and stealing therein, 17 spoons, value 9l.; 1 fruit-knife, value 8s.; 1 cream-jug, value 1l. 10s.; 1 buckle, value 3s.; 1 pencil-case, value 6s.; 1 necklace, value 12s.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 8s.; 3 brooches, value 2l. 10s.; 3 rings, value 1l. 10s.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 8s.; 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 watch-key, value 10s.; 1 coat, value 2l. 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; 2 seals, value 1l.; 2 gowns, value 3l. 12s.; 1 shawl, value 2l.; 3 shirts, value 1l.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 1l.; 3/4 of a yard of velvet, value 10s.; 6 sheets, value 1l.; 1 table-cloth, value 1l.; 1 veil, value 1l.; 6 sovereigns, 3 half-sovereigns, and 9 shillings; his property.







MARY MAUNDER
. I am the wife of William Maunder, and live in the school-house, St. James's-walk, in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell. On the 13th of December my husband and I went to church together, about half-past six o'clock in the evening—I fastened the house, and left the doors and all secure, and the articles stated safe—we returned from church about half-past eight, and could not get into the house—this skeleton key was in the door—my husband got in at the back, and let me in—I then missed the money and property stated—some had been locked up in a drawer, which was broken open—in consequence of information, I afterwards went to Featherstone-street station—I do not remember the day, it was in the early part of February—I there saw a lace veil, which I had not missed before—I knew it immediately my attention was brought to it—I also saw some shirts which were produced by the pawnbroker—those now produced are them—here is my own needle-work in them—this lace veil is also mine, and this hair-guard, silver tooth-pick, and little coin—they were all safe in the house when I went to church—I had left all the doors fastened, and bolted with two bolts—we came out at the front-door, and locked that after us.





WILLIAM MAUNDER
. I went to church with my wife—we returned home about half-past eight o'clock—I got in, and found the side front-door open, and the passage door also—I had left the fastening of the doors to Mrs. Maunder—I had gone to church about ten minutes before her—I lighted a candle, and found the articles stated gone—I know they were perfectly safe before I went out—the articles produced are my property.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you occupy the whole house? A. Yes—it is a school-house—it belongs to the parish, and is engaged for the Sunday-school, and sometimes there are a few committees—I am the writing-master—these things were taken from our bed-room—no one but myself and wife sleeps in the house—I do not pay any rent—the house joins the school, which is at the back—we reside there, and are engaged by the committee to superintend.





EBENEZER SEABRIGHT
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Old-street. I produce a necklace, pawned on the 8th of January, by a female, in the name of Ann Thompson, but I believe her name is Russell.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know her before? A. Yes—she always went by the name of Thompson, but I heard her name was Russell at the office.





JAMES BRENNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 1st of February, on another charge, in a house in Pear Tree-court, Brick-lane—I saw Redmond find in the room the property which has been produced—I found a pocket-book in the prisoner's coat pocket, containing twenty-three duplicates, one dated the 20th of January, for a pair

of sheets, 5s., at Mr. Wood's, in Goswell-street; another, dated January 8th, for a necklace, 3s., at Mr. Hawes's, in Old-street—I went to those shops, and found the articles, which Mrs. Maunder has identified.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was it you went to this house? A. About half-past seven o'clock in the morning—I know it was his lodging, by watching him in there, and by seeing the woman he cohabits with, shake a mat at the door the day previous—I know he cohabits with that woman by seeing them together frequently—I did not find him in bed with her—he was standing behind the door when he opened it—he must have got out of bed to do it—I had been watching him for some considerable time.





HENRY REDMOND
. I am a policeman. I went with Brennan, and found the prisoner in his night-clothes—Brennan told him he wanted him, as he considered he had committed a robbery—he took a skeleton key from the mantel-piece, and said, "Halloo, Mr. Russell, what do you call this?"—he said, "it is nothing, you will find more of them—Brennan then went to a table, and asked what was in the drawer—he said, "Nothing yon will find nothing there"—Brennan insisted on breaking it open—he broke it open with a knife, and took out another skeleton key—I found this little box on the mantel-piece, containing this coin, toothpick, and hair-guard—in a cupboard I found this dark lantern in a small bag behind a looking-glass;—on the table I found this bunch of skeleton keys, and in a small box by the side of the bed I found a black silk mask, which is used to go over the face—I have also a number of other skeleton key, which Brennan took from a bag, and two crow-bars—part of these keys were in a coal cupboard.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you expected to find all these when you went there? A. Not to many as these—after finding one on the mantel-piece was suspected there were others—I never saw the prisoner in the house except that morning.





JOSEPH JOHN WOOD
. I am a pawnbroker, in Goswell-street. I have produced a pair of sheets, pledged by a female, on the 20th of January.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
