




2142. 




MARK MARKS
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
2nd of May, 15 rings, value 9l., the goods of 



William Thomas Middleton, well-knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM THOMAS MIDDLETON
. I am a jeweller, and live in Granada-place, Commercial-road. On Tuesday morning, the 2nd of May, about twenty minutes past four o'clock, I got out of bed—I heard some one at my door—I went down and found my window had been broken open, and the shutters displaced—I lost about 150l. worth of property—I had seen my shutters closed about half-past eleven the night before—I received eight rings from Harris, and gave them to the officer.





JOHN JAMES HARRIS
. On Thursday, the 4th of May, I bought eight rings of Mr. Samuel, a jeweller, for 2l. 12s. 6d.—there were only three of them standard gold, the others are only gilt—the utmost value of them is two guiness and a half for a dealer—I should tell them for about 3l. 10s.—I cannot say that these now produced are the rings—I gave them to Mr. Middleton.





SAMEL SAMUEL
. I live in Brick-lane. On the 4th of May I bought eight rings of Lazarus for 2l. 7s. 6d.—I believe these to be them—I sold them to Harris.





SIMON LAZARUS
. I am a dealer in clothes, metal, and furniture, and live in Well-street. On Wednesday, the 3rd of May, I received some rings from Reeves—I took them on approbation—I was to give two guineas—Mr. Samuel sold them for me—he gave me 2l. 7s. for the eight—I had bought one of him before that—I gave 8s. 6d. for it—this is one—it is gold—the real value of it is 4s. a dwt





JOHN REEVES
. I live in Goswell-street. On the 2nd of May I saw the prisoner and two other men at my house between six and seven o'clock in the evening—the prisoner produced thirteen or fourteen rings—he asked me to give him 70s. an ounce for them—I had known him for ten years—he was in the habit of coming to my employer, Mr. Charles Syrell, of Barbican—I bought thirteen or fourteen rings of him for 6l. 15s.—the other five or six have been melted—I bought two silver scent boxes of him—they have been melted—I bought a plated pin of one of the other men—that has been melted—I bought a small plated ring for 6d.—that is also melted—I paid part of the money to the prisoner, and part to the other men—I let Mr. Lazarns have these rings on approbation—he had them out two days—he gave me two guineas for eight—I have only been in business four months.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. A. What was the value of the property that was melted? A. Equal to that I sold, or rather more, because the rings I melted were heavy—I melted them two days after—the policeman came eight days after the robbery—I told him I did not know I had bought any rings—he might have asked me if I had sold any within the last eight days—I think he did—I said, "I don't know whether I have or not"—he took out his card and gave me—I said, "If you had given me this at first I would have told you at once"—there were no other persons in the shop when the prisoner and two other men came in—I took two of my servants to identify the men, and they could not.





NICHOLAS PEARCE
 (police-inspector.) I received information about this robbery in the early part of May—I took the prisoner into custody at the King of Prussia public-house, on the 10th of May—I told him it was for being concerned in a burglary at the house of Mr. Middleton, in the Commercial-road—he said, "I had nothing to do with it, so help me God"—I said

he had disposed of some of the rings to Mr. Reeves—he said he had not disposed of any rings to Mr. Reeves.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask Reeves if he had bought any ring? A. Yes, and he said, "I don't know whether I have or not"—I asked if he had sold any within the last eight days—he said, "I don't know whether I have or not"—I took out my card, and then he said he had, and showed me a book with an entry of eight rings to Mr. Lazarus.





JOSEPH LEWIS
 (police-inspector.) On the 18th of May the prisoner was locked up at the station—he sent for me—I went to him—he stated that on the evening of the 2nd of May he met two men in Petticoat-lane; they asked him to take a walk with them; he did so, and they went to Mr. Reeves's house, in Goswell-street, and disposed of some rings, about twelve o'clock that day—he said Mr. Reeves had received nearly the whole of the property stolen from Mr. Middleton's—he said it consisted of gold watches and gold chains—I told him anything he stated to me would be stated against him.

Cross-examined. Q. When was the last trial? A. Towards the latter end of the last Sessions—there has not been a reward of 50l. offered on conviction, that I am aware of—I proved this conversation on the last trial.
(See Eighth Session, page 295.)
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Ten Years.

