




3009. 



JOHN MYERS
 and 




JOHN EDWARDS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of October, 1 mare, price 7l,; I cart, value 2l,; I set of harness, value 1s.; 2 sacks, value 4s.; and 8 bushels of pollard, value 6s.; the goods of 



Charles Franklin.






WILLIAM FRANKLIN
. I live with my father, Charles Franklin, in Nicholas-lane, Poplar. This mare, cart, harness, sack, and other articles were his—I left them at ten minutes before two o'clock on the 11th of October, at the door of a house in Queen-street, Ratciiffe, while I went in to drink—I was not gone in more than three minutes—when I came out they were gone—I saw the pony the next day at Mr. Monk's, a horse slaughterer—I know nothing of the prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How much was your pony worth? A. 7l—it did not want killing—I found the cart, and the harness in it, facing Mr. Smith's, a distiller.





GEORGE JACKSON
. This pony was brought to Mr. Monk's yard by Edwards—he came to my house, and said I must come to the yard to buy a horse—I said, "Whose is it?"—he said, "My brother's, who is gone to Richmond to buy another, it is so lame it is of no use, we bought it in Smithfield"—I said, "What do you want for it?"—he said 50s.—I said it was not worth half that money to slaughter—he said, "What is half the money?"—I said, 25s.—I said it was not worth more than a sovereign—he said he could not take that, if he did not take 22s. home his brother would kick him—I said I would give him 21s.—he said he could not take that—I said, "How will you get your cart home?"—he said it was at the back of the still house, and was going to stop there till his brother came at night—I bought the pony for 21s.—it was very lame.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not about three years and a half old? A. I cannot say—upon my oath it was not worth 3l. to come into the yard.

JURY. Q. Where was it lame? A. It had a ringworm on the off hind foot, and it could not set its right foot to the ground.





ELIZA MERCER
. I live in Twine-court, Shad well—Edwards came to me with a horse and cart on the 11th of October, about eleven o'clock in the evening, and said, "Eliza, let me leave the horse in your yard this night, I will take it away in the morning"—my mother came out, and said, "No"—he had two sacks in the cart—one appeared to be full, the other about half full—I had been at my fish-stall that afternoon, and between

two and three I saw Edwards drive by, with several little boys in the cart—I thought Myers was with him, but I could not swear to him—I am sure Edwards was the man—I have known him a good while—I have had no quarrel with him.





CHARLES LIMMON
. Hive in John-street, Stepney, and am servant to Mr. Rogers, who collects at the toll-bar in Mile-end. On Wednesday morning, the 12th of October, Edwards and another person came in the cart, and said, "We have got no money, will you take this sack in for toll?"—I said, "Let me look at it"—I looked, and said, "No, it is not worth 3d"—I put it into the cart, and said I could not take it—my master came in, and said, "I dare say it is worth 6d. t will you call for it when you come back?"—they said, "Yes"—I cannot swear that Myers was one of them.





JAMES OSBORN
 (police-constable K 83.) On Wednesday, the 12th of October, I was at the back of the London Hospital, a boy said the prisoner Edwards had stolen a horse and cart—I collared Edwards, and told him I wanted him to go with me to the station—he said, "What for?"—I said, "Come along"—he said, "I know nothing about the horse and cart, it was Hicks and another who stole it, I went to Romford."





WILLIAM LEE
 (police-constable K 268.) I took Myers in Twine-court, on Sunday night, the 16th of October—he said he knew nothing about it—I told him I would bring witnesses to prove it—he said all he knew was he rode in the cart to Romford with Johnny Carty—said, "Was any body else with you?"—he said, "Yes, I believe his name was Hicks"—I said, "Did you see me at Romford?"—he said, "Yes, I thought you was after us, and we turned back."

EDWARDS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

MYERS—


NOT GUJLTY
.
