




950. 




HENRY HAGGETT
 was again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of January, 10 quarts of beans, value 18d.; 6 quarts of oats, value 18d.; and 1 quart of chaff, value 3d.; the goods of 



Charles Burrows and another, his masters: and 





BENJAMIN TINGEY



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.







CHARLES BURROWS
. I am a coal-merchant, and have a partner. Haggett was my carman to take out coals, and deliver them—I sent the nosebags out with corn to feed the horses with—it was his duty if they did not eat it all to return it to me—he was not authorised to part with any of the food—he had no gratuity—he had been about seven months in my employ, and for five or six weeks had had charge of a team—I did not deal with Tingey—I knew nothing of him—about the 20th of January, I believe, from the entry in our books, Haggett went out with coals—Thomas goes to assist occasionally—I believe he went out that day.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Thomas had ceased to go with the wagon about the time he made the communication to you? A. He had—I have inquired about Tingey's character, and have heard a very respectable one up to the present time.





CHARLES THOMAS
. I live with Mr. Burrows, and went out with the teams of coals—I went out with coals with Haggett—I do not know what month it was in—it was about six weeks ago and better—the first time we went to the Mother Red Cap public-house, near Highgate, and before he began to unload the coals, a man, like a countryman, stood by—he went up to him, and asked if he would buy the corn—the man said he would, and then Haggett took the nosebags off the wagon, took them over to a shed on the other side of the road, and emptied them into a manger—the man agreed for 8d., and when they were unloaded he said he would give him a quartern of gin instead—Haggett would not take that, and sent me back to take the grub away, but the man afterwards agreed to give him 8d.—the horses had not had any of the food at all—it was oats, chaff, and beans—I know Tingey, by seeing him at a public-house—he had nothing to do with those nosebags—about eight or nine days afterwards we went to George's-place, Holloway—Haggett did not put the nosebags on the horses while he was unloading the coals there—in coming back he pulled out of his way, came to the Pied Bull public-house, and delivered two nosebags of food to Tingey there—I had seen him before that at another place—the nosebags were full when Haggett gave them to him—they were returned empty-Tingey paid Haggett 8d. and a quartern of gin for them—the horses had had none of the corn at all—I do not know whether Tingey keeps the house there—I had seen him once before, when he bought two nosebags, at another place.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. This was six or seven weeks ago? A. It is better than six weeks ago—I did not tell my master of any thing till the 29th of February—Haggett went out of his way to give this corn, he might have turned down a road which was twenty-four or twenty-five yards nearer—there was a public-house near where he shot the coals.





CHARLES BURROWS

re-examined. I had my reasons for stopping Thomas from going out with the horses—I had told him not to allow any of the men who went out with the horses to come into the granary, but to let the corn down through a shaft to them, and to remain there—I had not the slightest reason to complain of him, but made him stop at home to take care of the corn.





JOHN SAYER
. I apprehended Tingey.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When you took Tingey, did he not say he knew nothing about it? A. He did.

JURY
to
CHARLES THOMAS. Q. Where was the corn put? A. He took it into the stable—I saw him pay for it.

(Several witnesses gave Tingey a good character.)

HAGGETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.

TINGEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—Recommended to mercy.—



Confined Three Months.
