



625. 




ANN BROWN
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving of an evildisposed person 1 50l. and 1 40l. Bank-note, the monies of 



Jesse Vincent Watkins, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JESSE VINCENT WATKINS
. I am a partner in the house of Newton and

Co., advertisement agents in Warwick-square, and live in Myddleton-square. On the 1st of January I had a 40l. and a 50l. notes—I kept them in a little mahogany box that stood on the drawers in my bed-room—I did not return home till half-past eight o'clock—I found the house had been robbed—the box was broken open, and was in the hands of the police—I gave information, and directed the notes to be stopped—on the 15th of January I received a communication from the Bank—I went, and found the prisoner in custody—I found my 50l. note there—the prisoner was taken to the Mansion-house, and remanded till the following Tuesday—I afterwards received information from an officer, and I saw the 40l. note—it was one of the notes I had lost.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. You knew the number of the notes? A. Yes—I communicated them at the Bank and to the officer— Ioffered no reward.





JOSEPH SPURRELL
. I am one of the cashiers of the Bank. On the loth of January the prisoner presented this 50l. note to me for change—findingit to be a stopped note, I took her to the Secretary—as we were going along she said, had she not better fetch the gentleman who gave her the note?—this address was on the note—(read)—"Elizabeth Brown, 52, York-row, Westminster."

Cross-examined. Q. What time was this? A. Between twelve and one o'clock—I made no answer to her when she said, had she not better fetch the gentleman—she went very willingly to the Secretary's office.





JOHN KILLINGWORTH
. I am shopman to Mr. Perkins, a pawnbroker in King's-road, Chelsea. I have known the prisoner about two years—shehas been a customer—I have seen her husband—I have not seen him here to-day—she had been in the habit of coming to pledge articles, and to redeem them—she has not pledged exceeding 2l. at once—she was always of respectable appearance—on Monday, the 4th of January, she came to my employers about seven o'clock in the evening, and asked if I could give her change for this 40l. note, and produced it—she never offered me a note of so large amount before that I remember—I gave her 40l. in full—she afterwards paid for some articles she redeemed, to the amount of 8l. or 9l.—I did not know she was going to redeem them when I changed the note—I gave it to her all in sovereigns—I asked her her name—I did so because I wished to be certain in writing it down on the note—she said her name was Brown, and she lived in York-row—she had removed, and I thought she lived in George-street or Lower Sloane-street—Idid not ask her where she got the note from—I did not consider that there was any necessity, as she came respectably dressed, and I had known her so long a time—I wrote on the note what she told me—part of the writing is cut out—here it is—(reads)—"A. E. Brown, York-row, Westminster, 4th day, 1st month"—we have a looking-glass in our shop—when I was changing this note for her I saw the reflection of a man's hat close to the door, but no countenance.

MR. WATKINS
re-examined. This 40l. note and 50l. note are mine.





SUSANNAH TURNER
. I am a prisoner in this gaol, charged with stealing two books—I have been in the same ward with the prisoner—I heard her speak several times to a woman named Thornton—she said she had changed the 10l. note at the pawnbroker's, and that party was coming against her, and she should have done very well if she had not taken the

50l. note to the Bank—she seemed in a great deal of trouble about a person she called her brother—she said she had only 10l. out of the lot to spend—she said if she should be transported she understood persons might go there, and be hired out as servants, and she wished to God it might be true—she said the robbery she was taken up about was committed in Myddleton-square.

Cross-examined. Q. How came you to state this? A. The matron asked me some days back what I had to state, and of course I owned the truth—the matron did not say whether any body desired her to do it—I bad said nothing to the matron before she spoke to me—I should not have named any thing I had heard had I not been questioned—the matron spoke to me three times—once by herself and twice before the Sheriff—afterthe matron had stated what she heard me say, the Sheriff asked me if that was true—I said, "Yes, that was what I heard"—the matron did not tell me it was any advantage to me—she said it was doing me no harm nor any one else—I saw the Sheriff twice, and the solicitor for the prosecution was there the last time.





JOHN FORRESTER
. T was sent for to the Bank of England on the 15th of January—I found the prisoner at the Secretary's Office—I asked her name—she said, "Ann Brown"—I asked her where she got the note—shesaid that a gentleman had given it to her whom she had been acquainted with before, but she did not know his name, that he was in deshabille, and did not like to go into the Bank himself, but he said if she would take it in, he would give her 10l.—she said he was in Threadneedle-street, or somewhere about the Bank—I said we had better go and see if we could find him—we went and walked, about the Bank and Threadneedle-street, but could not find him—I went to see for No. 52, York-row, which is the direction on the note—there is no such place.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
