




1319. 



WILLIAM WILSON
 and 



ROBERT OWEN



, stealing 17 forks, 4 sauce-ladles, 1 butter-knife, and other articles, value 40l. the goods of 



William Hammond, in his dwelling-house; to which


WILSON pleaded 



GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.






CHARLES FRENCH.
 I am in the service of William Hammond, of Russell-square. About half-past two o'clock in the afternoon of 18th May, I put seventeen forks, two gravy spoons, six dessert spoons, four ladles, one butterknife and other articles, into the pantry—about twenty minutes afterwards the area bell rang—Owen was there; he offered two combs for sale—I said I did not want any, and he shut the area door—the plate was then sale—there is a door from the area into the pantry—the window was then open from six to eight inches from the bottom—about a quarter of an hour afterwards I went into the pantry and missed the plate—the window was then wide open—somebody had lifted it higher, and the flower pots, which before were ranged in front of the window, were put all on one side—I alarmed the butter ran into Guildford-street, and at the corner of Greville-street saw Owen in Cramp's custody, who had these four forks (produced)—when I came back I found these combs on the dresser.





SAMUEL GREEN.
 I am butler to Mr. Hammond. On 18th May, about twenty minutes to three o'clock, French alarmed me—I went into the pantry, found the plate-tray empty and the window open—I ran out, and in about ten minutes I saw Owen in Cramp's custody, at the corner of Greville-street—this plate is my master's and is worth 40l.





HENRY LONG.
 I live at 3, Robert-street, Bedford-place. Between two and tree o'clock on this day, I was in Guildford-street, and saw Wilson running, and heard a fall of plate on the pavement—Owen picked it up—he turned in a different direction, threw away four forks, and ran into Cramp's arms—the other one turned towards the Foundling—I followed, and missed

him between some cabs in Guildford-street—I went into Mecklenburg-squre and told two policemen—I returned, and when near the Foundling I saw a cab, and Wilson in it, in custody of a policeman—I had picked up the plate which Owen threw away, and gave it to Cramp.





JOHN CRAMP.
 I live at Lamb's Conduit-passage. I was cleaning the window, and saw the prisoners pass, with something bulky under their coats,—Wilson gave Owen four forks, who dropped them—I immediately pursued them, and received Owed, and the forks from Long.

Owen. Q. Did you see Wilson give me the forks? A. In your hurry to receive them you let them fall on the kerb.





EDWARD HARRIS
 (policeman, E 17.) I received information from ling, and found Owen in Cramp's custody—I received him and the four forks—he said he heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw a boy running, who dropped some forks, and he picked them up—I afterwards received the plate which was found in the cab.






GEORGE FIGGURES.
 I am in the service of Dr. Roots, of Russell-square. I was with my master's carriage, and saw two boys, who answer the description of the prisoners—one of them had something in a yellow handkerchief.

Owen's Defence. I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw a boy drop four forks; I picked them up, and ran after him, and a gentleman took me.
(Isaiah Henry Cohen, china dealer, gave Owen a good character.)

OWEN—


GUILTY.—


Transported for Ten Years.

