



12169. 




JAMES M'CABE



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Grey, and stealing two quilts, value 5s.; 1 sheet, 2s.; and 3 hoots, 25s.; his property.






MARY GKEY
. I am the wife of George Grey, of 26, Upper Rosoman-street—it is our dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell. On the night of 16th Sept. my husband was not at home, and I went out to market at eleven o'clock—I locked my room door alter me—I took my little girl, nine years old, with me, and left another little girl in the cradle asleep—I returned about half-past eleven—my street door was open, and a man stood partly behind it with a bundle in his arms—I put my key into my own door, and it was open—the man went out—I ran after him, and called, "Stop thief!"—he ran into Garnault-place and was stopped—I am quite sure the same man was stopped that ran out—the bundle was found—it contained all the articles stated but the boots, which were found in the morning—they are all my property, and were safe when I went out.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. What house do you keep? A. We have only an apartment—I got on the step of my door before I observed this—the door opens inside—I only saw the man's hand, and then he bolted out—I saw him all the way he ran till he was stopped—I did not tell M r. Wooden that the man had. black whiskers, and was a dark-looking fellow—I was not five yards from the prisoner when he was running—I had never seen him before that night—I saw him at the station on the Monday.

COURT
Q. You followed him immediately he came out of the house? A. Yes; he ran about a hundred yards before he was taken by Mr. Adams—I never lost sight of him—I followed him closely—I saw him when Mr. Adams took him—there was no other man running from the house.





GEORGE HENRY ADAMS
. On Saturday night, 16th Sept., about ten minutes before twelve o'clock, I was going along Garnault-place—I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw the prisoner running—I saw him throw the bundle over the railings of a house in Garnault-place—he ran about twelve yards; then he walked along—I seized him, and told him I was a constable, and he was my prisoner—he said, "Let me go, I am not the man"—I said "You are"—he said, "You will find you are mistaken, '—the prosecntrix came up and gave him into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there not another man near you? A. There was no one near till I had got the prisoner in custody—I am a hair-dresser and a special constable—when I heard the cry of "Stop thief!" I was about thirty yards from the prisoner, walking towards him, he was near the area where he threw these things—there was nobody there but him.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to get shaved; another man passed by me, and the officer took me.




GUILTY
. * Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Year.

