



845. 




EDWARD JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of February, 2 watches, value 2l.; 1 guard-chain, value 4s.; 1 pencil-case, value 3s.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 3 breast-pins, value 3s.; 1 brooch, value 4s.; 8 toothpicks, value 2s.; 1 pair of pistols, value 25s.; 3 printed books, value 6s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 2 half-crowns, 5 shillings, 2 sixpences, 1 groat, 1 penny, and 12 halfpence; the property of 



Jacob Russell, his master.






JACOB RUSSELL
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Shoreditch. the prisoner was my errand-boy from about October till February—his friends live in the Old Kent-road—the prisoner was very much distressed, and they used to pawn at a shop of mine in the Kent-road—his mother told me a distressing tale, in consequence of which I said I would get her elder boy to another pawnbroker, and I took the prisoner—on the 12th of February, in consequence of some suspicion, I called the prisoner into the kitchen, and directed him to turn out his pockets—he took out some things, but very trifling, but I saw that some of them had belonged to my warehouse—I said, "You have more than one pocket"—he said he had not, but I felt, and took from his pocket this pair of pistols, and the duplicate with them—I then put my hand into his pocket again, and found 12s. in silver—he said he had taken that on the Monday before, and 3s. 6d. more—I found two silk handkerchiefs on him—I had kept money in a cupboard below—I had not given the prisoner any wages, but generally on a Sunday I gave him a sixpence or a shilling—I went up stairs, and in his trowsers I found this watch, and then this other watch and this jewellery—he said they were all mine, and he had taken them from the warehouse—as we were going up stairs from the kitchen, he went into a corner of the shop, by the fire-place, and said, "Stop a minute"—he put his hands together, and appeared to be in prayer—I did not disturb him—we then went up stairs—I found amongst his things up stairs, a bible, a hymn-book, and another book—he said he had taken them from me, and destroyed the duplicates—I found his cloak and trowsers under the sofa, and in the trowsers I found these watches and other things—the whole of the property is worth 4l. or 5l.—this handkerchief was produced from a drawer—when I asked him what he had done with the 3s. 6d. more which he said he taken from the cupboard, he stated that he had sent half-a-crown to his mother in his stockings, and that he had sent her half-a-crown or 3s. 6d. a week—I can

identify this pair of pistols and this seal, which were found on him, as being mine.





CHARLOTTE LEAFE
. I am in the prosecutor's service. I saw the prisoner in the shop on the 10th of February, the day the shop was closed, owing to the marriage of her Majesty—the prisoner was at the till—I put some question to him, and he said he wanted the key of the cupboard, to get a book in the name of Beck with—I told my master of it, and saw my master find the articles up stairs, Under the sofa.





MARTIN ROOTS
 (police-constable H 170.) I was called to the prosecutor's and took the prisoner, and have this property—the prisoner pointed to a cupboard, and said he had taken the silver from there, and he had taken some from there twice before.

Prisoner. I said I had only taken it once before.




GUILTY
. Aged 11.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Isle of Wight.

