



1779. 




THOMAS JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, at Camberwell, 12 spoons, value 7l. 9s.; 7 forks, 3l. 7s.; 1 butter knife, 1l.; and 2 knife rests, 12s.; the property of 



Josiah Westley, in his dwelling-house.






HARRIETT JEWELL
. I am servant to Josiah Wesley, of Cripplegate-terrace, Camberwell—the plate produced is his property—I saw it safe at twelve

in the morning of the 11th of May, in a basket in the dresser, and missed it soon after—I saw the prisoner going from the area gate, putting something into his pocket—I called out, and followed him nearly three quarters of a mile—he was running—I saw a policeman and described him—he was brought back in about a quarter of an hour—I found the basket by the area door, empty, except two salt spoons.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was nobody at home but you? A. Yes, mistress—I came out of the hall door, and saw the prisoner crossing the grass-plot—the area gate was left open—the house is in the high road—I ran three quarters of a mile without meeting a policeman—I did not know the prisoner before—I had lost sight of him when I met the policeman—he ran into Camberwell-grove—I am quite sure he is the person—I know the plate by constantly using it—the spoons are bruised, and the knife rests loose at the end—there is no initial or crest on them—I have used them for two months.





GEORGE TAYLOR
. I am servant to Mr. Curling, of Camberwell. On the 11th of May, about two o'clock, I found this plate under a shrub at master's door, and gave it to the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. Is your master's in the high road? A. Rather out of it, in the Crescent, Camberwell-grove.





GEORGE TILLSELL
 (policeman.) On the 11th of May I was at my bed-room window in the Grove, and saw the prisoner come round the corner, put his hand into his right hand pocket, take out two spoons and two forks, and throw them into my garden—I came down stairs, secured him, took him back to Mr. Westley's—the witness said, "That is the man"—I said, "What has he been doing?"—she said, "He has been robbing us of plate," and claimed what I had picked up—the prisoner came in a direction from Mr. Curling's house—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of Camberwell.

Cross-examined. Q. How long did it take you to get out? A. Not half a minute—I was on the first floor—I saw him directly I got out—he walked a little, but as soon as he saw me he ran—I stopped him about half a mile off, without losing sight of him—I am sure he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged.18—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

