



2157. 




JOHN COGGS
alias


O'CONNOR

 was indicted for

 a robbery on 



Robert Brailey, putting him in fear, and stealing from his person and against his will, 1 scarf, value 3s.; 1 handkerchief, 3s.; and 3 pence, his property:—2nd COUNT, for feloniously threatening to accuse him of crime punishable with death, with intent to extort money:—3rd COUNT, of crime punishable by transportation, with same intent:—4th COUNT, for demanding his money with menaces.


MR. BALDWIN
conducted the prosecution.






ROHKRT BRAILEY.
 I am a waiter at Randall's Commercial Lodgimhg-house, in King-street, Cheapside. On Sunday evening, the 15th of Aug., about a quarter to nine o'clock, I was at the back of Charing-cross barracks and

met the prisoner—I had never seen him before—he spoke to me first, and said, "Halloa, how are you? how is George?"—I have a brother named George—he said, "Will you treat me to a glass of drink?"—I said I would—I went into a public-house and called for two glasses of rum—I paid for it, he drank one glass and I the other—I do not remember where that public-house was—it was near the park—I had walked for about three minutes with him—I was quite sober—we then went and bought two cigars at a cigars shop leading into Regent-street—we went to a public-house in Regent-street, in a turning leading out of Regent-street, and had a glass of rum and water which I paid for—we staid there about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—we sat down there—we came out together we went to another public-house leading into the Haymarket, and had two more glasses of rum—I paid for them—I then told him I must go, and we walked to Charing-cross Hospital, to get an omnibus—he said, "Will you pay for me to go into the City, I am going there too"—I said, "I do not mind paying for you"—we got into a 3d. omnibus—I paid for both—we stopped opposite Bow church, and both got out there—I bid him good night at the corner—he followed me down there—I turned into watering-place—he followed me, laid hold of my shirt, and said, "I demand your scarf, and your pocket-handkerchief, and 10s., or transportation for life"—I told him I had not 10s. in my pocket—I gave him three penny pieces which was all I had—he partly took my scarf off my neck, and I partly gave it to him—he could not untie it—he laid his hand on it while it was on my neck—it was tied in a knot, and he could not undo it—he said to me, "I cannot undo it, undo it"—I did undo it, and he took it off my neck—he took my pocket-hand kerchief out of my pocket.

Q. How came you to let him do all this? A. By the threat of transportatiion for life—I saw him next on the 8th of this month, I only had two words with him in the morning—I was in conversation with him in the evening when the policeman came up—I told him I should give him in charge, that he should have no more money out of me, and I was determined to come to an end with it—I gave him in charge to the policeman—he said, "For God's sake do not give me in charge, I will never trouble you again, shake hands and I will go"—when the policeman came up he said I owned him 10s., and he had come for it.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. Did you not see the prisoner from the 15th of Aug. till the evening you gave him into custody? A. I did not—the first time I saw him on the 8th of Sept. was at five minutes to one o'clock in the day—I gave him no beer or anything to drink—I did not treat him—he asked me if I would give him a shilling—I said, "No, I will not"—he said, "I have had no breakfast, do give me a shilling"—I gave him a shilling out of charity—I treated him with the rum the first evening I met him, because he asked for it—it was out of charity—he asked for the cigars—I told him I did not smoke, and he was quite welcome to them both—he took the two and I paid for them—I never smoke—I do not suppose I treated him to the cigars out of charity—you can call it charity—he asked for them and I paid for them—I had no feeling at all towards him—my wages are 12l. a-year—I paid 3d. each for the cigars—I took the rum in its raw state in the first public-house—we did not sit down there; we were there about three minutes—after leaving the cigars-shop we went up Regent-street—I cannot recollect whether we walked arm in arm, I do not think we did—we walked up Regent-street—I do not know the sign of the public-house that we went into after leaving the cigar-shop, nor the name of the street—I have not gone

down there since to try and discover the public-house—it is on the left hand side of Regent-street going towards Piccadilly—from the Haymarket towards Regent's-park I call going up—the public-house was on the left hand side as we were, coming from Piccadilly up Regent-street—the cigar shop was at the corner of Marylebone-street I think, I am not certain of the name of the street, it is near Piccadilly—we were coming from the Quadrant towards Oxford-street, and the public-house was on the left hand side as we were going up Regent-street from the cigar shop—I do not recollect on which side of the street we were—the turning is about a quarter of a yard up Regent-street—we staid about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour in the next public-house—we sat there—the prisoner was smoking his cigar—we had one glass of rum and water there—there were four gentlemen in the parlour there—a man brought the rum and water in—I do not know him—I had never seen him before.

Q. What was your conversation about all this time? A. Our conversation was more about Jenny Lind than anything else—I have been to hear Jenny Lind I think once—I paid 3 s. to the gallery—I do not know whether the prisoner had been to hear her, I believe not—I did not ask him to go—I believe all our conversation was about Jenny Lind from the time of our meeting by the barracks till we got into the second public-house—I do not recollect anything else—after we left that public-house, we walked to Charing-cross Hospital—we went and had another glass of rum first in the Haymarket—I do not know what part of the Haymarket it was in, it was the lower part, on the Haymarket theatre side—I do not know whether there is more than one public-house on that side; I never counted them—we did not go up stairs there, we stood at the bar and had plain rum—we only had spirits three times—we had no ale or porter—I had not taken anything before I met the prisoner that I am aware of—I had left my employer's house about six o'clock—I had been to church at the church against Trafalgar-square, St. Martin's, I believe it is called—I no not know who preached, nor what the text was, or the gospel for the day—there is evening service there I know, for I have been to it—I believe it commences about half-past seven—I had been there before—I do not know the person who preached there—the service is generally over by a quarter-past eight I believe, but I do not know exactly—I went to hear the sermon, and did hear what there was of it I suppose—I cannot tell what it was about—I did not notice what kind of clergyman it was who preached—I was very low down—there was no charity sermon—I had no money to give away—I do give money in charity—I got home about ten minutes past ten—I saw all my fellow-servants there, and a great number of persons—I did not mention what had occurred.

MR. BALDWIN.
Q. Had you any money in your pocket when you went to this church? A. Yes, I gave the prisoner the 1s. on the morning of the 8th out of charity, because he had told me he had had no breakfast—I recollected he was the same person that I had seen on the 15th—he stopped me—I told him it was the first shilling he had of me, and he should have no more—he said "I shall have a great many more out you, and before you have been in your place three days I will have you out of it"—at this time there was no other person present—it was in Lawrence-lane—I did not see any person near that I could have called and given him into custody to.

MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. Lawrence-lane is a very great thoroughfare is it not? A. It is—I did not look for any one to give him in charge to—I had made up my mind to do something, to give him in charge if he came bothering me.





THOMAS MIDDLETON
 (City policeman, 452.) About ten o'clock on the

night of the 8th of Sept. I saw the prisoner and prosecutor at the corner of the passage in Ironmonger-lane in deep conversation—I crossed over to them, and the prosecutor gave the prisoner in charge—he said, "He wants to extort money from the under the threat of an unnatural offence"—the prisoner replied, "I have lent this young man 10s.; I have now come for; and he won't pay me"—he said, putting out his hand, "For God's sake do not press the charge, shake hands with me, and I will never annoy you any more"—I took him to the station—he gave the name of John Coggs—I found a pocket-book on him, and 1s. 3d. in money—he refused to give his address that night—he gave it next morning—I found that he lodged at No. 4, Cumberland-court, Cumberland-street, Middlesex Hospital—he was known there by the name of O'Brine—his real name is O'Corner.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know what his name is? A. I understand from the parties where he lodges that that is his name.





ROBERT BRAILEY

re-examined. He first of all demanded 10s.—I gave him 3 d., and then he took my scarf and handkerchief—I parted with those articles under the fear that I should be charged with something for which I might be transported—I saw him take the handkerchief—he searched my pocket—he took it from my pocket—I did not tell him to search my pockets—I parted with it under the dread of transportation—he took it—I did not make any attempt to get it back.

MR. O'BRINE
contended that the 1st count, charging a robbery at common law, could not be supported by this evidence, which only amounted to a threat to charge an infamous crime, (see The Queen v. Henry and Taunton, 2 Moody's Crown Cases, 118;) and that the 4th count was defective, the words "without any reasonable or probable cause" not being added.


MR. BALDWIN.
in reply, quoted the case of The Queen v. Stringer, (see Moody's Crown Cases.) in support of the 1st count; and with respect to the 4th, stated that the words "without any reasonable or probable cause" were unnecessary in the form of the present charge.

The COURT
ruled that the counts were sustainable (referring to The Queen v. John King, p. 752 of the last Sessions' Paper.

) 


GUILTY

on all the counts. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
