



1807. 




MARY COLEMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of April, 1 sheet, value 1s. 6d.; 1 table-cover, value 1s. 6d.; 3 petticoats, value 2s. 4d.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 1 frock, value 6d.; 3 pinafores, value 1s.; 1 pelisse, value 8d.; 1 bed-gown, value 4d.; 1 cap, value 3d.; 1 shirt, value 1s.; 1/4 yard of calico, value 3d.; and 1 flannel wrapper, value 6d.; the goods of 



John Moon; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






CATHERINE SARAH MOON
. I am the wife of John Moon, of John-street, Tottenham-court-road. On the 29th of April I took a bundle of

things to Mrs. Le Cheminant to be mangled—it contained sixteen articles, the sheet and other things stated in the indictment—they were my husband's—these now produced are them.





ISABELLA LE CHEMINANT
. I am the wife of Nicholas Le Cheminant, and live at No. 12, John-street. On Friday morning, the 29th of April, about eleven or twelve o'clock, Mrs. Moon brought me the things to he mangled—I put the bundle in the window—I went out for an hour and a half—I left three children in the room, the eldest seven years old—when I came back I missed the bundle—I know these articles, I have had them to mangle several times.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Had you known the prisoner? A. She had brought mangling to me twice before—she did not bring me any that day, nor for a good while before—I did not know where she lived—she always came for what she brought





MARY BADCOCK
. I live at No. 15, Windmill-street. On Friday, the 29th of April, the prisoner brought me a dozen and four articles to be mangled—there was a shirt, sheet, some children's pinafores and other things—these are the articles—(looking at them)—she said they were for her mother, and she would fetch them at four o'clock—she brought a dress with them, waited for that to be done, and took it away—I mangled the other things, and put them up—the officer afterwards came with the prisoner—he asked me, in her presence, if she had brought me a parcel to mangle—I gave him the parcel.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know her before that day? A. No.





JASPER BALDRY
 (police-constable E 43.) I found the prisoners Windmill-street, Tottenham-court-road, on the 29th of April—some of the bystanders said she had stolen a bundle of linen, and taken it to Mrs. Badcock's—the prisoner said she did not take them with an intention of stealing them, but she had been sent by her mistress to get them, done or undone—she then said it was not her mistress, but a woman named Mack—I went to Mrs. Badcock's and got the things—I then went to Mrs. Mack, who denied having sent the prisoner on any errand, and said she knew nothing of her but by seeing her clean the steps for a few days.

Cross-examined. Q. Who is Mrs. Mack? A. Her name is M'Nairs, I believe—she is keeping a house for her brother—the prisoner said, to her absence, that she had sent her for them; but when Mrs. M 'Nairn was present the prisoner said she should say nothing.





JAMES HILSDON
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the prison.




GUILTY
. Aged 14.—



Transported for Seven Years.
