



945. 




JOHN RAIN,



 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John North, and stealing 24 handkerchiefs, 3 shirts, and other articles, value 12l.; his goods: having been before convicted.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SIBLEY
. I am servant to John North, a surgeon, of Gloucester-place. On Thursday evening, 13th March, at a little before eight, I took the teathings into the parlour, and heard some one coming down from the first-floor, and saw two men run out of the house—one was of the prisoner's size—he had a dark frock-coat and dark whiskers—one had a bundle—I called, "Stop thief!" and laid hold of somebody, who turned out to be one of the witnesses, and fell down.





JANE THOMAS
. I am in the service of Mr. Stone, of 42, Bryanston-street. I was opposite Mr. North's, and heard some one trying to open the door, as with a key—I stopped, and two men came out—the prisoner is one—he had a bag of linen under his arm—he dropped something on the top step—he tried to pick it up, but could not, as Sibley was close behind him—he ran up Gloucester-place towards Dorset-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is not there a gate in front of the steps.? A. No—I went to the station two days afterwards—the prisoner was told to stand up for me to look at him, and was brought under the light—I knew him by his hair and whiskers.

MR. PARNELL. Q. Was there gas Qver Mr. North's door.? A. Yes; I saw the prisoner's face twice at the door, and when he came down the steps—six or seven persons were present when I recognised him.





HENRY JORDAN
. I live at 13, Brid port-street. I was in Gloucester-place and saw a man about the prisoner's size running in the direction of Montague-place with a bundle, which when "Stop thief!" was called he tried to throw over an area railing, but it dropped by the railing—he ran into Montague-place.





JOHN STEBBING
. I am a printer. I was passing Mr. North's—Sibley ran out, laid hold of me and fell—I saw a man who I believe to be the prisoner with a bundle—I afterwards saw it picked up.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not see his face? A. No.





WILLIAM PRENTOR
. I am a baker, of York-street. I heard a cry of "stop thief"—a person ran past me—I ran after him, and overtook him in Montague-mews—I held him five or six minutes—he said, Do not hold pie, it is only a lark"—and as eight or ten persons came and said they knew nothing against him, I let him go—I have not the slightest doubt of the prisoner being the man—I pointed out to the policeman the place where I held him—I saw a life-preserver and screw-driver found about ten yards from the place.

Cross-examined. Q. He did not attempt to get from you. A. No; I identified him on the next Sunday at the station.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-sergeant, F 1). On 18th March I was in Drury-lane and saw the prisoner taken by sergeant Thompson—I followed a young man who was jn the prisoner's company to 13, Charles-street, Drury-lane, as I heard the prisoner ask him to go and let his old woman know; and I had seen the prisoner at that house several times in the first-floor

room—I found four females there, and the man that went before me-1 ound there this Jemmy, which takes in two, two keys, a wax-taper, and some lucifers.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant, F 11). I took the prisoner, and told him it was for being in a house in Gloucester-place—he said he had not been in Gloucester-place these four months, he was too ill, he could not do such a thing—he said to a young man with him, "Tell my old woman to bring me some tea and a blanket down, for I am afraid I shall be locked up"—I spoke to Ashman and be followed the man.





JONATHAN EDNEY
 (policeman, D 103). I went to Mr. North's and found a bundle containing eight shirts, twenty-four silk handkerchiefs, two waist-coats, and one coat—I received this screwdriver and life-preserver from policeman, D 241—here is the lock off Mr. North's door—this key (product by Ashman) fits it.





MARGARET REYNOLDS
. I am servant to Mr. North. This bundle of clothes was brought to the house—they are my master's, and were in the wardrobe drawer in his dressing-room on the second-floor—the street-door was on the latch that night—there were no signs of its having been broken.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it was fastened? A. I saw it fast three minutes before.





GEORGE LISTER
. I am servant to Col. Robinson, of 21 Montague-square, Prentor pointed out a place in the Mews to me where he held a man, and about twelve yards from there I found this life-preserver and screwdriver.

Cross-examined. Q. It was not till next day.? A. About half-past six in the morning, it had not long been light.





GEORGE BOARDMAN
 (policeman, E 10). I produce a certificate—(read-John Smith, convicted Feb. 1843, transported seven years)—I was present-the prisoner is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. He behaved very well? A. I suppose, so as he returned in three years and a half.




GUILTY
.** Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

