



1464. 




JAMES FELTHAN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 sovereign; the money of 



James Arthur, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES ARTHUR
. I live in Shovel-alley, Princess-square. On the morning of the 28th of May, I was in a coffee-shop, in Ratcliff-highway—I said I had been in that coffee-shop two years before, when I was badly off, and was very kindly treated, and if there was any poor fellow there who was as badly off as I was, I would treat him—the prisoner was there—I gave him two half-pints of coffee—I laid out to the amount of 1s. 6d. on one and another—I had three sovereigns and 8s. in a bag in my fob—I was going to stand treat, and took out my bag—instead of getting hold of the mouth of it, I got hold of the bottom—the money fell on the ground—I said, "I am only a poor man, don't rob me, I have used you well"—there were four or five persons down scrambling—the prisoner was one—I distinctly saw him take up a sovereign—he put his hand within six inches of mine, with the sovereign in it, and while I was getting the rest, he went—he did not give me the sovereign—he put it near me, and then drew it back—the other gave me the money they picked up





THOMAS GREEN
 (police-constable H 136.) On 28th May, the prosecutor spoke to me—I went in search of the prisoner, and found him at the Barley-mow public-house; told him what he was charged with—he said he know nothing about it—I found on him 19s. 6d. in silver, 1 1/2 d. in copper—he said it was his own.





ROBERT WATKINSON
. I am barman at the Golden Eagle, Shadwell. On 28th May, between half-past four and five o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came and called for a quartern of gin and a halfpenny biscuit, they came to 4 1/2 d.—he gave me a sovereign—I gave him 19s. 7 1/2 d. change.

Prisoner's Defence. There were two prostitutes and several men in the prosecutor's company; a lot of people scrambled for the money, but I never stooped to pick it up; I had received a sovereign on the 20th, for taking some things to the Great Western Railway; I changed it; this was my own money; there were people in the room with blue jackets like mine.





CHARLES M'CARTHY
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted July, 1846, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
.(†) Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

