



175. 




DANIEL CONNER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of Oct., 2 sheets, value 7s.; 3 shirts, 9s.; 1 shift, 2s.; 1 pair of stocking, 1s.; 1 towel, 1s.; and 1 copper, 10s.; the goods of 



John Gault, the copper being fixed to a certain building: 2nd COUNT, not stating it to be fixed.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.





MARY GAULT
. I am the wife of John Gault, who is in the employ of the Brighton Railway Company—we live at No. 35, in the Maze, Borough. On the 2nd of Oct. I hung out some clothes in my yard, and saw them safe at nine o'clock at night—I fastened the back door, and at that time the copper was safe in the back-kitchen—the door was only latched—the policeman brought the clothes to me at near two o'clock in the morning—they they were the articles stated, and are all my husband's property—the prisoner was then in custody—I missed the copper—it had been fixed with mortar and bricks—it has since been refixed.





THOMAS CROCKETT
. I am a salesman in the Borough-market, and live at No. 36, in the Maze, next door to the prosecutor. On the 24th of Oct., I was disturbed about half-past one o'clock in the morning, and beard a something rumbling in the passage between my house and the prosecutor's—it sounded to me like copper—I got but of bed, threw up the window, and saw a man who had just passed my window a little to the left—I then saw a second person, the prisoner, come out of the passage—I hallooed out, "Halloo, mate, what is up there?"—he made no answer—I sprang my rattle, and the policeman flew to the corner—the prisoner was met by the police in less than five minutes, and brought back.

COURT. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Not to my knowledge—I did not see him taken, but saw him brought back in five minutes—I am sure he is the person I saw come out of the passage.





GEORGE TOMPKINS
, (police-constable M 166.) On the night of the 23rd of Oct. I heard a rattle spring—I went towards the sound, and met the prisoner in Tooley-street, just at the end of the Maze, not a great distance from the passage—he was carrying a bundle, containing sheets, and other linen, wet—I stopped him, and took him back to Mrs. Gault's house—she identified the articles—most of them have been returned to her—as I was taking him back, Crockett was at his window, and identified him in a moment.





GEORGE ADAMS
 (police-constable M 156.) I was on duty in Tooley-street on this night—I heard the rattle spring, and went to the spot—in consequence of something I heard, I looked for the copper, and found it in a mews, right opposite the prosecutor's, concealed under a block or washing stool—Mrs. Gault identified it—I did not fit it.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming home about half-past one o'clock; I live in the same street; a young man asked me if I would carry a bundle from the Maze; I said I would; he gave it me, and told me to go on, and when I got to the top of the Maze the policeman stopped me, and said, "What have you got?" I said, "I don't know; I have just had it given me to carry."




GUILTY
of stealing only.**
 Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years
.


Before Mr. Recorder.
