



2074. 




WILLIAM CURTIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of February, 1 coat, value 30s.; and 1 handkerchief, 2s.; the goods of 



John William Carrington.






JOHN WILLIAM CARRINGTON
. I am assistant to Mr. Fitzgerald, a surgeondentist. On the 21st of February, the prisoner, in company with two others, came into our shop—the prisoner requested to have a tooth extracted, and placed his finger on the one he wanted taken out—I looked at it and said it was quite sound—he persisted in having it extracted—I then asked him into the surgery at the back of the shop—he walked in, followed by his two companions—I did not intend them to go in—I had a coat in the surgery and a handkerchief in it—when I went to apply the instrument the prisoner slipped himself about in the chair several times, I presume to prevent his losing the tooth,

and while that was going on, his companions left the surgery—a few minutes. after the prisoner left, after paying me 6d. for extracting the tooth—I walked to the door to see him out, and on my return missed my coat—the witness Hill was sitting in the outer shop, and she told me something—the prisoner is a little altered since I saw him, but his face is well known to me, living in the neighbourhood—if he is the man he has lost the last tooth but one on the right-hand lower jaw, if he has got that tooth I will say he is not the man—he took the tooth away with him, and might have slipped it in again, certainly.

Prisoner. I have three teeth out in the same place.
(The witness went into the dock and examined the prisoner's mouth)—Witness. There is no other tooth gone from there but the one I extracted—I am rather near-sighted, and now I am near him and see his mouth, I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Yes, I have, walking about the streets in company with other men—his hair does not appear quite so light as it did, and he has also shaved off a little whisker that he had—it must have caused him some pain to take his tooth out—he asked, me how much it was—I said 1s.—he said he could not afford that, he thought 6d. was enough—a man, having his tooth out, makes all sort of faces, and looks different to what he does at other times—he was in the surgery, I dare say, five minutes—the others went out two or three minutes before—it was a double tooth I took out—there is only one other tooth gone from that side—I positively swear he is the man.

JURY. Q. Did the parties speak together? A. They were all in conversation when they came in, and one of them said, "Don't pull his head off."

Prisoner. Here is a tooth which I have had taken out this morning in the prison. Witness. That is from the upper jaw, in front—it is decayed—the one I took out was a good one, and larger, and quite from a different place.





ANN HILL
. I am the wife of John Powell Hill. I was at the shop on this day, and saw the prisoner with two others—I am sure he was one of them—he went out with an apron to his mouth, apparently in great agon? after having his tooth extracted.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. Sitting in the shop, waiting for some medicine, Mr. Carrington was to serve me—they all three came in together—the apron prevented my seeing the prisoner's face well, as he went out—I had nothing to do with the coat myself—I have been tried twice—once I had three months, and once six months—the last time was seven years ago, before I was married—I have never been in custody since, but have got my living honestly by needle-work—I was never an unfortunate woman—the first time I was tried was for concealing the birth of my baby, and the second time was through being led away by a person at my house who took some of my master's property—I did not steal it—I have been married five years—my husband was the author of my ruin.




GUILTY
. * Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

