



666. 




ROBERT FROST



, stealing 1 snuff-box, 1 miniature, and other articles, value 67l.; the goods of the 

Great Western Railway Company, hit masters. 



MESSRS. CLARKSON

and



SIRR


conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH SCOTT WALLIS
 I am steward to the Earl of Craven. On 10th Nov. I sent some packages from his house in Ashdown-park—I do not recollect the number, but among them was a box containing a snuff-box, a seal, a wafer-knife, and candlestick—I gave the packages to Taylor to take to the Shrivenham station—I am sure I gave him the box containing those articles—I went to Coomb Abbey, and on the 26th Nov. examined the box there—I found the lock had been broken off—the box had been opened, and was in confusion—the musical seal, the snuff-box, the paper-knife, and candlestick, were gone—I had packed them myself, and had locked it—this is the seal (produced).





DANIEL TAYLOR
 I am a carrier, living at Ilstone. I received sixteen packages on 10th Nov. to be forwarded to the Shrivenham station of the Great Western Railway—I had a bill of them; this is it—I delivered them to the porters at the station the same day—Edwards was one porter.





HENRY EDWARDS
 I live at Borton, near to Shrivenham, and am porter to the Great Western Railway. On 10th Nov. I received from Taylor these packages addressed to Lord Craven—some of them were to go to Coomb Abbey—this list (produced) was brought to me—it is signed by the officeporter—the packages were left in the goods' shed from the Friday till the Sunday afternoon—they were then loaded and sent to Farringdon-road by a passenger-train—the goods-train does not stop at the Shrivenham station.

Prisoner. Is it not a usual thing for the goods-train to stop at Shrivenham? Witness. Only when they have cattle.





GEORGE WESTLAKE
 I am a guard of the Great Western Railway. On 12th Nov. I was guard of the goods-train from Bristol to London—the prisoner was under-guard with me that day—Murch, the proper guard, was not with the train; he stopped at Bristol.

Prisoner. After we leave the station is it not usual to whistle to receive a right signal? Witness. Yes—you answered me with the "All right" signal—if you had been in a covered waggon you could have answered my signal—I did not see you at any station where you ought not to have been—this is the road-bill of that day with my name signed to it—I took up at the Farringdon-road, one truck, for Reading; a horse-box, for Abingdon, and three for London—this is the report I made (produced).





JOHN ALLEN
 I am deputy superintendent of the goods department of the Great Western Railway at Paddington—a way-bill comes up with the goodstrain—it is checked by an officer—this is the way-bill of 12th Nov. from Shrivenham—there were sixteen packages consigned to Lord Craven—eleven were to go to Coomb Abbey—they came by the goods-train from Farringdon—Westlake was the chief guard of that train—the prisoner was under guard—I had given Murch leave of absence.

Prisoner. Q. This bill arrives with the passenger-train? A. Yes; it is a document of what is coming by the goods-train.





JAMES MURCH
 I am a guard in the employ of the Great Western Railway—the prisoner was an under guard. I remember seeing him at the Bacchus Tavern at Bristol in Nov.—it was about eight or nine weeks previous

to the 7th Jan.—he had a seal with him which played a tune—this is it—he said it was picked up by a packer on the Eastern Counties Railway, and the packer, not knowing the value of it, it was sold to a porter for half-a-crown, and was handed to him to get it raffled for, that his brother-in-law was getting up the raffle, and there were nearly thirty members down at a shilling a member.

Prisoner. Q. Did I tell you where the porter lived? A. No—you said a porter or a guard.





DANIEL WAKEFIELD
 I am barman at the Red Lion, Edgware-road. I saw the prisoner at my master's house between 15th and 20th NOT—he had this gold musical seal with him; he wound it up and put it on a pot—he was showing it to a friend who was with him—I asked him to allow me to look at it, and he did—I said it must be of great value: he said it was, but it did not cost him much; he had bought it of a man who picked it up, and had given 5s. for it, and if he sold it he wanted 5l. for it—I returned it—he wrapped it up in paper and put it into his pocket.

Prisoner. Q. Did I say I bought it for 5s., or it was bought? A. You said it was bought—I do not know whether the person with you was a Company's servant.





THOMAS AUGUST
 I am the prisoner's brother-in-law—he gave me this seal a fortnight or three weeks before Christmas to get it raffled for—I gave it to my brother-in-law Brooks—he said he would raffle it for me.





ALFRED BROOKS
 I am August's brother-in-law—he gave me this seal in Dec. to raffle it, if I could get people to raffle—I had it two or three weeks, and pawned it on 26th Dec.





JOHN COLLINO
 I am assistant to Mr. Crawley, a pawnbroker at Bow. On 26th Dec. I took in this seal from Brooks—I lent him 5s. on it, and gave him this duplicate (produced).





JOSEPH COLLARD
 I am principal superintendent of police on the Great Western Railway Line—I went to Old Ford, and saw August and Brooks—I explained to them my object in coming to them—after some time Brooks produced this duplicate of a gold seal.

Prisoner's Defence. We had a long train that evening; between sixty and seventy wagons—my duty was, when the guard blew his whistle to answer him—the wagon that they say this was taken from was covered, and if I had been in it I could not have answered the signal; it was impossible I could be in it and give a light to the guard; it was my duty to be in an open wagon; J could not go twenty or thirty wagons back; I am willing to bring the party forward; I bought it of a porter who said he had it from a packer on the Eastern Counties; it was given me to get raffled, but as they were living in a country place, they could not do so, and all that I could get more than 30s. I was to have for myself; I sent to Mr. Collard, and had he come to me, there is not the least doubt the whole of the property would have been restored.





JOSEPH COLLARD

re-examined. He requested to communicate something to an officer, but the Magistrate declined allowing him to do so—he did not give the name of any man.




GUILTY
 Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
