



1958. 




GEORGE STATE
 was indicted for

 stealing 5 gowns, value 2l.; 9 pairs of stockings, 1l.; 15 collars, 4l.; 8 shifts, 14s.; 2 shirts, 4s.; 6 petticoats, 6s.; 8 handkerchiefs, 10s.; 1 pair of slippers, 2s.; 1 pair of gloves, 3s.; 2 napkins, 3s.; 1 basket, 1s.; 2 aprons, 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of sugar—tongs, 1s. and 5 gown—bodies, 1s.; the goods of 




WILLIAM HENRY HUTTON

.





CATHARINE HUTTON
. I am the wife of William Henry Hutton—we live in Emmerson—street, St. Saviour's, Southwark. On the 23rd of July I hired the prisoner as a porter to carry my luggage from the railway—train—I had two bandboxes and a portfolio—I had in the boxes five dresses, the shifts, stockings, and other things stated—the prisoner was to take them to the India coffee—bouse—I went with him and delivered them into the hands of the person there to keep for me, and when I went for them the prisoner had received—them—they were things I had brought from Brussels—I never saw the prisoner afterwards till he came next door to me, and they sent him—he came to me, and said he would tell me all about where I lost my things, and I saw a handkerchief which was mine round his neck—I fetched one like it—I am sure the handkerchief he had on was one that was in one of the parcels—I am a German.

Prisoner. She gave me the handkerchief to tie round my hand. Witness. No, I did not





MARY FLUSTER
. I am the wife of William Fluster—we keep the India, coffee—house in Union—street—on the 23rd of July the prisoner and Mrs. Hutton came and brought these things—she asked me to let them stop there till the house opposite was open, and they went away—the prisoner came back in about an hour and said, "Mistress, I am come for those parcels I left," and I let him take them—I am sure he is the person—he took one the first time, and then came back and took the others.

Prisoner. I was not there at all.





MARY ANN FLUSTEE
. I live at the coffee—house—I was at home when the prisoner came the first time, when he came and said, "Mistress, I am come for those things"—he took one bundle—I was not present when he came again.





EDWARD MITCHELL
. I am a hawker. On the 23rd of July I was going up Union—street—I saw the prisoner and Mrs. Hutton on the opposite side—I knew the prisoner—he crossed and spoke to me—I did not pay much attention to him—I' went up the street—I came back and saw him again—he said he had been carrying some things for the lady, that she had not paid him, and he would go and take the lot if he did not get the money—he asked me to go to the coffee—shop, which I refused—he took a handkerchief off his

neck and said he would pawn it to get some drink—we went to Red—cross-street—he then left me to go to see for another young man.





JOHN COLLINS
. I am a hatter, and live in Guildford—street. On the 22nd of Aug. the prisoner came to our house, about eleven o'clock in the morning—he was very drunk, and came to inquire if there was not a lady who had lost a parcel—we told him to go next door—he then said he knew about the property—he knew where there was a gown pawned in Suffolk—street, and that he saw the ticket burnt—Mrs. Hutton then came and said it was her handkerchief that he had on—he took it off and gave it her.

MRS. HUTTON. I gave him 6d. for porterage.

Prisoner's Defence, This lady had the bundles in the Southwark Bridge—road, she asked me where there was a public—house open; we went on, and she said the things were very loose, and all over mud; she gave roe this handkerchief to tie my hand up; she asked me to carry these things to the Monument public—house; it was not open; she went into the coffee—housp, and left them there; she then went to Guildford—street, went up stairs, and called out of window to tell me to stop; I waited nearly half—an—hour, and she did not give me anything; she was very much in liquor; I have never been to the coffee—house since.




GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

