




1031. 




THOMAS SMITH
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of Feb., 1 can, value 2l.; and 16lbs. weight of copper, value 2l., the goods of 



James Scott Smith and another; and 





JOSEPH TRALING



, for receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






FREDERICK EVEMY
. I am carman to James Scott Smith, and George Smith. About two o'clock, on the 9th of Feb., I had a wagon at the White Swan-yard, Mile-end—I had a copper can then—I went on to Thomas's-street, Whitechapel—some one gave me information a little after three o'clock, and the can was gone—I went to Traling's house—I saw him, and told him I came to search for a can—he said I might search, he knew nothing about it—I and the officer searched, and found the can in an ash-heap, covered with ashes—it is copper—it was beaten in this way when I found it, but was quite sound when in my wagon—I can swear to it as my masters'—it has his name and number on it—it is worth two guineas when new.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you go over any other premises belonging to Traling? A. Yes—he has the front shop and the room where he was living in—there are other persons living above him—I have no doubt about that—I cannot say whether the yard was common to the whole of them—you get into the yard by going through his house—there if a passage that goes to the other part of the house, and leads to the street—you can get to the passage without going through Traling's house—a person could get into the yard without Traling seeing him.





REBECCA HOLLOWAY
. I am the wife of William Holloway, and live in Princes-street, Whitechapel. About three o'clock in the afternoon of the 9th of Feb., I saw Smith come up the street with a can on his arm—he stopped against Traling's shop door, at the corner of Dunk-street—I went into my room to see if I could see where he went, and I lost sight of him.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear that he did not go down the Passage? A. Yes—he did not go that Way—the passage is in Princes-street, and the shop door in Dunk-street—I was at my own street door—he passed the passage—other persons live in Traling's house—they get to the house through the passage—there is no other way for persons who live up stairs to get in—I swear Smith did not go through the passage.

Smith. Q. Can you swear it is the can I had? A. Yes.





HANNAH HARRINGTON
. I am the wife of John Harrington. About half-Past two o'clock, on the 9th of Feb., I was cleaning my bed-room window—

I saw the distillers' wagon—I saw a man walk on the opposite side, and when he came to the wagon he stopped in the road, and took a large copper can out of the basket that was in the wagon, took it in his arms, and went along King Edward-street with it—I do not know him.





GEORGE BEECHAM
. I saw Smith with a can—it was then quite perfect—I went quite close to him.





GEORGE TREW
 (police-constable H 125.) I went to Traling's house in Dunk-street, Mile-end—I said I was an officer, and suspected he had a can that had been stolen out of that man's wagon—he said he had not, I was welcome to search—I said I should like to go into the yard and search it first—he said, "You had better search the shop first"—I went into the yard, and saw the can found under the cinder dust, against the back door—I after-wards searched the shop, and found under the counter, covered with rags, a large hammer all over wet, cinder-dust, and marks of copper on it—the can was very much knocked about—I compared the hammer with the holes in the can, and it exactly corresponds with them.

Smith's Defence. I am innocent.
(John Gudgeon, a shoemaker, in Collingwood-terrace; William Day, a shoemaker; Thomas Chandler Butt; Charlotte Dunning, the wife of a labourer in the dock-yard at Chatham, gave Traling a good character.)

SMITH—


GUILTY
. † Aged 18.

TRALING—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.





Transported for Seven Years.

