



831. 




JOHN M'GREGOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of January, 1 mare, price 30l., the property of 




James Edwards.






STEPHEN SIMPSON
. I am in the service of James Edwards, a coach proprietor, of Rochester, in Kent. He has stables in different parts of Kent—I have seen a bay mare in possession of a policeman at Kennnington, in the parish of Lambeth—it was Mr. Edwards's property, and worth 30l.—I had seen the same mare at Dartford last Saturday week, the 22nd of January, in my master's stables—it had been moved from Dartford to North-fleet.





JOSEPH CLARKE
 (police-constable L 157.) I vent to Mr. King's liverystable, in Queen's-row, Kennington, on Thursday, the 27th of January—I saw the prisoner there with Mr. King, standing in a two-stall stable, by the side of this bay mare, which is the same Simpson claims as Mr. Edwards's property—I asked the prisoner if the mare belonged to him—he said, "Yes"—I asked where he brought her from—he said from Portsmouth, and that he had brought her that morning from Croydon—I told him I supposed it to be stolen, and I should take him into custody on my own responsibility—he said he would go any where with me—I said I supposed he would—we left the stable, and went about 200 yards—he then said, "Stop"—I said, "Mind, whatever you say must be given in evidence against you, if you say any thing—I don't want to hear any thing"—be said, "No, I will tell you the truth, I stole the mare from Northfleet;" that he got into the stable by a-back way, and laid down about two hours; that he then got up, felt about the different horses, and picked this one out—I asked if he was not afraid of getting kicked—he said, "No," and that he found a pickaxe, and broke open the door the horse usually go in at, and took the mare away.





JOHN KING
. I am proprietor of a livery-stable in Queen's-row, Lambeth. I saw the prisoner in my stable-yard on the 26th of January, about four o'clock in the afternoon, with the mare—he asked if I would purchase the mare—I asked what he wanted for her—she was brought out of one stable into another—he asked 12l. for her—I said I should not buy her—I went away, leaving him there—I saw no more of him till twelve o'clock at night—I gave information to Clarke next morning.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not ask if you knew anybody who wanted a mare of that description? A. No—I did not say, "Wait till Harry Balls comes over, and if he does not buy her I will"—I said, "Wait, and very likely Balls will come over to look after her"—and in the meantime I went out to Clarke, to give him information as I supposed it was stolen—I gave information the next day, as I had a job to go with a fly and yon went away—I did not see you again till next morning, and then I went and fetched Clarke.

Prisoner. This man and his partner have been receivers of stolen property for several years. Had it not been for his partner, the mare never would have been there—a year and a half ago his partner received property to a considerable amount. Witness. The person is not my partner at all—he is my brother.

Prisoner. I know people who have taken things to him, and he has received them from them; and they have been advertised in the newspapers

for months. I should say one-third of his property does not belong to him lawfully.





THOMAS RUSSELL
. I am a horse-keeper to James Edwards, at Northfleet, which is five miles from Dartford. On Wednesday morning, the 26th of January, I was at the stable at Northfleet—I found the stable-door broken into three pieces, and the mare gone, which I had locked up over night—the pickaxe was moved from over the corn-bin, where I had left it over night—there is a pig-pound adjoining the stable, and the outside boarding of that pound was pulled away—the mare was brought again to Northfleet on Saturday night—I know the prisoner—he was in Mr. Edwards's service, and when he left I succeeded to his situation.





STEPHEN SIMPSON

re-examined. I have not seen the mare at Northfleet since—the man is not here who brought her back.





JOSEPH CLARKE

re-examined. I sent her to Northfleet by a very respectable man who usually takes horses for Mr. Edwards.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.
