



1890. 




JAMES WILKINS
 was indicted

 for a robbery on 



Samuel Manning, putting him in fear, and stealing from his person, and against his will, 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; and 32 shillings; his property.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution






SAMUEL MANNING.
 I am a superannuated officer of Government. On the night of Tuesday, the 3rd of Aug., I went to the Seabright Arms, Bethnal-green, and had a little porter—I left at a little after nine o'clock—when I was leaving, the landlord recommended me to go down a passage, which is not further from the Seabright Arms than across this Court—when I got a little way down, four men rushed upon me, pinned me against the brick-wall, and began to search me—I stood very quietly, and allowed them to do it—while they were doing it, I noticed their faces—the prisoner was one, I have no doubt of it—there was a light directly opposite—they put their hands into my pockets, and took out about 1l. 15s., a pocket-book, and

some memorandums—I never attempted to prevent their doing it; if I had been a younger man I should—I was not at all afraid—I am seventy-eight years old—when they had got my money and book, they ran off as fast as they could—I took the shortest end of the passage, and sent a hue and cry after them as soon as possible—I said to some one, "If you make haste, you will overtake them before they get to Hackney-road"—I then went back to the Seabright Arms—I was a little alarmed, and I called for a glass of water—in less than ten minutes the prisoner was brought back—he said he hoped I would not prosecute him, he was not the one that robbed me—I had not said anything about robbing.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. You had never seen any of these men before? A. I do not know that I had, but I should know them I saw them again—I might have said I thought the prisoner was one of them—I said positively, directly I saw him, "He is one of them"—I might have said, "I think he is one," before I had a full view of him—when I looked at him I was certain he was the man—the policeman called out, "Which is the gentleman that has been robbed?"—I said it was me, and the prisoner said what I have stated—he said that over and over again—it was a fine night—I might have got ten or twelve yards down the passage before this happened—the men appeared to me as if they came from the Seabright Arms—I say, the prisoner is one of the persons—I have said so all along.





ANN SARAH LAMBERT.
 I am the wife of Robert Lambert, an ironmonger, of Hill-street, Hackney-road—on the 3rd of Aug., at half-past nine o'clock at night, I was near the passage joining to the Seabright Arms, and saw three young men standing at the corner of the passage—one was inside the passage, that was the prisoner—I spoke to him—I thought he was my husband—it was exactly half-past nine o'clock—in five or ten minutes I heard of the robbery.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you standing at first? A. In Woodley-street, which is directly opposite the passage—I was close by the lamp.





THOMAS DARBY
 (policeman, K 224.) About half-past nine, or twentyfive minutes to ten o'clock that night, I was on duty near Elisabeth-street, Hackney-road, which is only across the road from the passage—I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw two men running across from the passage—the prisoner was one of them—as soon as they saw me they separated—the other one ran on the other side—I lost him, and gave chase to the prisoner—I was not two yards from him the whole way—I caught hold of him—another policeman came up in the other direction—he said, "Let me alone, I know nothing about it"—I had not at that time said anything to him, for I did not know what had happened—I took him to Hackney-road, and inquired—I heard that a gentleman at the Seabright Arms had lost his money, and said, "You must come there, and we will see"—he made no answer, I think, but while he was going he said it was a shame he should be dragged along the street in that disgraceful manner—when I got near the Seabright Arms, he said, "It is not me, if you lock me up I shall be ruined"—I said, "Hold your tongue; which gentleman has been robbed?"—Manning said, "I have been robbed"—he had not opened his mouth before the prisoner said what he did.

Cross-examined. Q. When you were pursuing the prisoner, were not some persons behind you? A. Not one, they could not come up to us—I said, before I got up the steps at the Seabright Arms, "Which is the gentleman who has been robbed?"—and after that the prisoner said, "I hope you wo'nt think it is me!"




GUILTY. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

