



1430. 




ELIJAH HODGE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry William Pickersgill, about the hour of two in the night of the 
18th of July, at 

St. Ann, Westminster, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 cloak, value 6l.; 1 pair of trowsers, 10s.; 1 hat, 8s.; 1 card-case, 5s.; 1 pair of gloves, 2s.; and 1 napkin, 2s.; his goods: 2nd COUNT, for burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MART M'ARTHUR
. In the summer of last year I lived as cook with Mr. Pickersgill, in Soho-square. One morning when I came down at half-past five o'clock, I found the house had been entered in the night—I was the first who came down in the morning, and found the street-door unlocked, unchained, and unbolted—there was an appearance in the kitchen of somebody having been into the house—I communicated this to the man-servant, and Mr. Pickersgill was called down—I had not fastened the door the night before myself.





CHARLES DOE
. I was in the service of Mr. Pickersgill, in July last, as footman—I am not so now. On Tuesday morning, the 19th of July, I was alarmed by the cook, who told me what had happened—I had fastened the street-door the night before, at eleven—we all went up stairs nearly together—I bolted both bolts, locked it, and put the chain up—I fastened the dining-room shutters, and locked the study—when the cook called me in the morning, I found the dining-room door open, the study, and all the doors open which I had locked the night before—they were opened by turning the keys—the street-door key was found in the area—I had left it in the door the night before—Mr. Pickersgill was called—I afterwards looked over the kitchen door, and found two rails taken down and laid inside the kitchen, by the dresser—the kitchen door opens on to the stairs which lead to the dining-room—by removing those rails, a person could put a hand through to undo the bolt inside, and so get into the house.





THOMAS WOOTTON
. I live at 13, Little Pulteney-street, and keep a public-house.

I know the prisoner very well—he lodged at my house some time in the summer, for a fortnight or three weeks—I cannot remember the particular time—I remember Beresford, the police-inspector, calling on me—I think he must have called in a day or two from the time the prisoner slept at my house last—I never saw him since.





WILLIAM ROWE
. I am constable of Truro, in Cornwall. In Sept. last I had occasion to go to the house of the prisoner's mother, who lives at Truro—I searched her house, and found in the kitchen a box, which is here—the prisoner was not there when I went—I knew he had been there the day before, and was living there—I searched that box, and found in it five duplicates in a tortoiseshell card-case—one of them refers to a cloak, pawned at Cording's—the others do not refer to this matter—I have been searching for the prisoner since that, and found him at last in the island of Jersey—I apprehended him there, the Thursday before last Easter—I told him what I took him for—he made no reply.

Prisoner. He did not tell me what he took me for; he is not the man who took me. Witness. I did not go into the house myself, as he knew me very well—I went to ask a, person to take him—he brought him out—I went to him in the prison, and told him the charge—I was in sight when he was taken.

Prisoner. You charged me with robbing a gentleman in Cornwall, you said that was what I was taken for. Witness. I did not say a word of the kind—I asked if he knew Mr. Pickersgill, of London, and told him what he was charged with.





WILLIAM FERNES
. I am assistant to Mr. Cording, pawnbroker, Aldgate, High-street—I produce a cloak—the duplicate produced was issued from our shop—the cloak was pawned on the 19th of July, to the best of my recollection, between twelve and two o'clock, by a man—I have the counter duplicate.





HENRY BERESFORD
. I am an inspector of the police. A communication was made to me, and I was inquiring about the prisoner at Mr. Wootton's, on Monday, the 18th of July, the day of the robbery.

Prisoner. I employed this man at the time to come to that house, as I charged a man with taking clothes from me. Witness. I never knew of that till afterwards.





HENRY WILLIAM PICKERSGILL, ESQ
., R.A. I am an artist, and reside at No. 18, Soho-square, in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster—the prisoner was in my service for about six weeks, and left on the 5th of April, 1842—I was called up on the morning of the 19th of July, when this discovery took place—this is my cloak, and one of the things stolen on the night in question—I know it by the clasp, which I bought in France—this is part of my card-case which was stolen that night—it was whole when stolen—I lost some tray-cloths and other things from the house—all the food in the house was disturbed and thrown about, and part carried away.

Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent of this charge; my brother was in London at the time, and I left London with him sailing in a vessel to the West of England; and if the things were found in my mother's house, I know nothing of them.

MR. PICKERSGILL. This is the box the prisoner had in my house.





HENRY PICKERSGILL
. I am the prosecutor's son, I do not reside with him—my attention was directed to the prisoner's box before he left the house—this is the box he had then—I am quite sure of it.

Prisoner. It is not the box I had at Mr. Pickersgill's, that was stolen from me when I left; it is very extraordinary this should have come into my mother's house without my knowledge—I have only one brother besides

myself—I never did it—I was in a situation, when I was taken, with a gentleman where I can get a good character, and he would take me back again.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

