




1436. 




JAMES BRADLEY
 and 



GEORGE LYALL
 were indicted for

 stealing on the 
5th of May, 3 trusses of hay, value 3s., the goods of 



Thomas Flight, the master of Bradley; to which


BRADLEY pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD HILL
 (police-constable T 113.) On the 5th of May I was directed to watch a wagon of Mr. Flight's, in the Uxbridge-road—it was driven by Bradley—it went down Portobello-lane to a rick of hay in Mr. Salter's field—there was a man there cutting the hay—the wagon was loaded with a load of hay in the ordinary way—I saw it leave, and followed it—it stopped at the Hoop public-house—I saw William Lyall and George Lyall there—William Lyall was ostler there, and George Lyall, the prisoner, his son, assisted him—they came out—Bradley got on the top of the load of hay, and threw down a truss—one of the Lyalls took it into the stable—I cannot say which—I saw William Lyall look round before they removed it, and then it was carried in—the prisoner George Lyall came out of the stable again, but not the old man—a second truss was then thrown down from the wagon—George Lyall took and carried it into the stable—directly the second truss was taken, Mr. Nicholls went and put his hand on George Lyall's shoulder, and I took him into custody—William Lyall made his escape—while I had got George Lyall, another truss was thrown down on the footway—I then went into the stable and found one truss of hay there, and two more in the loft—I saw Mr. Nicholls go towards George Lyall, and at that time I saw the truss of hay fall from his shoulder—I did not hear him say any thing.





GEORGE NICHOLLS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Thomas Flight. He purchased the rick of hay in Portobello meadow, and was about to remove it to Islington—I went with the officer to the neighbourhood of the rick, and saw the wagon loaded—I followed it—it stopped at the Hoop public-house—I saw one truss thrown down, and it was taken by a man, but whom I could not discover—a second truss was then thrown down, and George Lyall took that—I went and put my hand on him, and told him he had no business with that property, and I must give him in charge of the policeman—he said, "Very well"—I saw the truss of hay that was found in the loft—I believe it was the same description of hay as that in the rick.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. This was in the middle of the day, was it not? A. Yes, and the house is on the high-road—this created a crowd.





WILLIAM HAYWOOD BUDD
. I went on that day, and stopped at Kensington —I saw Bradley undo the bag of horse-meat, and give it to George Lyall—he took it, shot it into the manger, and gave Bradley the empty bag, and then Bradley threw down the hay.





HENRY GORE
. I keep the Hoop public-house. William Lyall was my horse-keeper, and George Lyall was employed by his father to help him, I have no doubt—I have not seen William Lyall since this occurred—I saw Mr. Flight's wagon at my house after the prisoners were taken, but never before to my knowledge—wagons frequently stop at my house

—it is a regular watering-house—neither my ostler nor his assistant had any authority to receive any hay from any body—William Lyall had been ostler to me for eleven months—I had a good character with him from an omnibus proprietor—George Lyall has been about there for four months, and seeing him destitute, I have given him food, as well as his father—I was at the back part of my premises at the time this occurred, attending to my customers.

LYALL—


NOT GUILTY
.
