



2069. 




GEORGE BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of July, 15 sovereigns, the monies of 



Thomas Hunt, from his person.






THOMAS HUNT
. I am a cotton-spinner, and live at Manchester. On the 2nd of July I was in Fleet-street—the prisoner overtook me, and asked where Fleet-street was—I said I believed he was in it—he said he was a stranger in London, and had come from Warrington, that he kept a farm there, and had come to London, to take a shop to deal in flour, as he would sell it to advantage, and he had 1000l. to speculate with—he said he was a native of Warrington, that his parents were dead, and had left him and another brother to carry on the farm—I said, "You have come from not far from where I came from; I came from Manchester"—he said he was glad we had met, and asked me to go and have a glass of ale, as he was tired of walking about, and he was a stranger—I refused—he pressed it, but I still refused—we walked on to the end of Chancery-lane—I said I had not been in any public-house but one, which was the Mitre (pointing to it)—he said, "We will go in there"—we went, and he called for a pint of ale, which he paid for—another man then came in, and knocked the table, and spilt some of the ale—he begged pardon—the prisoner said, "No offence," and asked him if he would have a glass of ale—he said, No, he could pay for it if he wanted any—he did take a glass, and then he took out a pocket-book, and showed his notes—and the prisoner, to convince him that he did not wish to sponge upon him, calling me his friend, pulled out his notes likewise—the prisoner then said to me, "Just to convince the gentleman, let him see that you could pay your road too"—I said, No, it was a thing I did not do—he said, "Just to show the man that you can pay your road as well as me"—I did then show two or three sovereigns—he said, just show him a few more than that, which I did—they then commenced talking about sharpers, and we went into another parlour, further in—the prisoner went in, and I followed him—the other man followed—the prisoner said, we must all take care of our money, for there were many sharpers about—he said, "Is your money loose? be sure whether it is correct or not"—I said, "I am sure it is"—he said, "Look; I should not like you to lose any thing in our company"—I did look, and counted fifteen sovereigns in my pocket, which was all I had—he said, "Here is a piece of paper, lap it up"—I did lap it up—he said, "Now, to convince the other gentleman your money is correct I will put it by"—I said, "No, I can put it by myself"—he said, "Just to convince the gentleman, I will put it in"—I was just putting it into my pocket, when he caught hold of it, and put it into my fob, as I thought— we sat a short time—we then went out, and they sent me into a shop to get three cigars, and when I came out they were gone—I found I had six copper halfpence in my fob, instead of the sovereigns.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time was this? A. About four o'clock—I remained there about an hour and a half—the other man did not seem to know the prisoner at first—I did not drink much—I was not drunk—we all three got into a cab—that was after the money got into my fob—I am not acquainted with town—I think they told the man

to go somewhere near Regent Circus—we got out of the cab, and walked along a street, then they sent me into a shop—we did not go into another public-house—I afterwards met the prisoner down at Manchester, at Strude-hill—I did not give him into custody immediately—he took me to the Seven Stars public-house, which is in Manchester—I took him to the house of Mr. Cook, a beer-shop—I had some beer there, but not with him—I do not know whether he had any—I went out and left him there with my brother, while I fetched two policemen—the prisoner would not let me explain to him what was betwixt us when I met him.

Q. Did you not tell him you had been robbed in London, you were doubtful about who did it, but you must have your money back? A. No, I did not say I must have 7l. back—he kept talking to me about his being a man in business—I said nothing about a sum of money—I did not say I was quite drunk that night—I came up to town on business—I could not tell how long I should remain—I staid at Hart-street, Covent-garden—I work for my living as a cotton-spinner—I am quite'sure I had 15l.—while we were going from Strude-hill to the Seven Stars, I did not say a word to the policeman—I had no doubt of the prisoner's guilt, but he begged so hard of me not to give him in charge till he had seen his old friend, and consulted with him—it was not to consult about paying me the 7l.

COURT. Q. You saw him on Strude-hill? A. Yes, he was speaking to two cheesemongers—I waited till he had done, and tapped him on the shoulder—I said I had been looking for him some time—he said to a person with him, "He says he knows me"—he said, "I don't know you, I never saw you before"—I said, "Don't you remember seeing me in Fleet-street?"—he said, "I don't know Fleet-street"—I taid, "Don't you know Chancery-lane?"—he said, "No"—he then said, "I see how it is, it is some transaction in business"—he asked me to go where he put up at, and said, "If I owe you any thing I will pay you"—he went on to the Seven Stars, and saw a man in his shirt sleeves—he said, "Can I have a private room?"—the man said, "Yes, straight forwards"—he rushed past him up the passage, and went out at the back-door—there was a man at the back-door, who tried to shut it to prevent my going after him—I pushed the man aside, and prized the door open, and jumped after the prisoner—I caught him in another street—he said, "Now you have got me again, I will acknowledge it"—he asked me to go back with him to the Seven Stars—I refused, and had him taken.





GEORGE DRAYTON
. I am waiter at the Mitre Tavern. I recollect the prisoner coming there and two other men.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.
