



1207. 




WILLIAM HALEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
St. Pancru, 1 bag, value 1d.; 1 box, 2d.; 1 coat, 30s.; 1 waistcoat, 8s.; 17 sovereigns, and 3 half-sovereigns; the property of 



John Savage, in the dwelling-house of 



James M'Cullum.






JOHN SAVAGE
. I am a labouring man, and live at Ferdinand-place, Hampstead-road. On Wednesday, the 29th of April, the prisoner slept in the same room with me—I got up first next morning, and went to work at a quarter to six o'clock, leaving him in the room—I did not see him again till he was in custody—three other men who slept in the room still lodge there—on

Saturday night, at six o'clock, I went to my box, found it broken open, and seventeen sovereigns, three half-sovereigns, a small leather bag, a coat, waistcoat, and a small lock, all gone from it—I had not been to the box since the Thursday morning—I saw it safe last on Sunday, the 25th, or Monday, the 26th—I have found nothing but the leather bag produced—I saw it found by the policeman at the bottom of the prisoner's tro, in the✗ lining—I have had it ever since I was a boy—there had been eight sovereigns in the bag and nine sovereigns and 3 half-sovereigns in paper, kept in this housewife, which was left on the drawers, empty—I have been nine years gathering the money—I know the bag by eight small holes in it.





JAMES HILSDEN
 (Police-constable.) On the 3rd of May, about six o'clock in the evening, I went to Rugby, and then to Lawford, and found the prisoner in a field, with three others—he was pointed out to me by Savage—I said, "Bill, I want you, for the money and clothes you had from Ferdinand-place"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—Savage said, "How came you to rob a poor man like me?"—I said, "You must go to town with me"—we went to the Rugby station—I there said, "I shall search you, and see what you have"—he said, "I have only 3s.," which I found on him—about five o'clock the following morning we arrived at the police-station—the prisoner had not been out of my custody—I told him to pull his clothes off—he pulled them off, I examined them, and at the bottom of his trowsers, between the lining and the cloth, I found this bag, with four sovereigns in it—I was obliged to cut the lining to get it out—the prisoner said they had been there some time—Savage said, "That is the bag my money was in, "and described the marks on it—the prisoner had on a coat, waistcoat, hat, handkerchief, and shirt, which were all new.





MARGARET M'CULLUM
. I am the wife of James M'Cullum, who keeps the house. No. 12, Ferdinand-place. We take in lodgers—we live in the house ourselves—it is in the parish of St. Pancras.

Prisoner's Defence. I felt the lodging on Thursday morning, I could not get work, and walked to Rugby.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported For Seven Years.

