







1930. 



JOHN WELLHAM,



 JOHN JACKSON,



 GEORGE MOORE,


 GEORGE GARDENER
, and 



JAMES GARDENER
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering into the dwelling-house of 



Henry Dewsbury, at 
St. Margaret, Westminster, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 pictures and frames, value 50l.; 2 china ornaments, 1l. 10s.; 1 dish, 1l.; 1 card-case, 10s.; 1 chimney ornament, 5s.; 1 work-box, 1l.; 6 doyleys, 6d.; 5 napkins, 10s.; and 10 yards of brown h oil and, 5s., his property; and that MOORE had been previously convicted of felony.


MR. BRIERLY
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH HALE
. I live with Mr. Henry Dewsbury, at No. 1, Upper Gore, Kensington—it is his dwelling-house—I went to bed at eleven o'clock at night on the 31st August—I was the last person up—I am sure I shut all the windows and doors safe—the drawing-room is on the first floor—the front window looks into the main road and the back into the back garden—I saw that the windows of that room were down, and I shut the door myself between ten and eleven o'clock—I got up in the morning between six and seven o'clock—it was after six, but I cannot say how long—I found the policemen at the door—it was their ringing the bell that awoke me—they came in, searched the house, and there were two large pictures gone from the drawing—room, also two chimney-ornaments, a card-dish, card-cases, and a number of other things—they have all been found, and are here—they are all my master's.

Cross-examined by
MR. NAYLOR. Q. Is it not usual to leave the drawing-room window up? A. No—I never left it open—it is not usual with the other servants to leave it open.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLEB. Q. What is Mr. Dewsbury's Christian

name? A. Henry—he has no other name—I generally get up about til o'clock.





THOMAS SAPP
. I am gatekeeper of Kensington-gate. On Tuesday morning, 1st September, about five minutes after five o'clock, I was opposite Mr. Gray's nursery, and saw the prisoners Moore and Jackson—they were close together, and appeared in company—Moore had two pictures, similar to thete—they walked together to the end of Park-house, and there I saw Jackson take one of the pictures from under Moore's arm, and they walked into the meadow by Park-house—they were coming in the direction of London—I came on to the Halfway-house, which is about 150 yards further—I unlocked the gate and turned back—I then saw Jackson and Moore again standing at the end of the wall of Park-house, without the pictures—they came out into the main road just opposite me, and walked on towards Kensington—they then met the other three prisoners, who were coming in a direction from Mr. Dewsbury's house—they were nearly opposite to it—they stood together about a minute, and then they all returned towards the meadow—I went to my own house at Kensington-gate, I unlocked the carriage-gate, and went into the high road to see if I could see the prisoners any more, and I saw the five coming back again towards Kensington-gore—I could not tell whether they had been to the meadow—I think they had hardly had time to have done that—they turned down Kensington-lane—I found Dunbar, and told him—he and I went to the meadow—we found nothing—we went to the station and got another officer—we all three returned to the meadow and found these two pictures, under a large mortar board with a quantity of tiles on it, we also found this ivory work—box—we took the property to the station, and the box was opened—I am sure the prisoners are the persons—I afterwards found one of these chimney-ornaments in Hyde—park, and the park-keeper found the other—I afterwards found this holland in the plantation of the park-the gita were locked, but they might get over, or they could put these in by potting their hands through the railing.

Cross-examined by
MR. NAYLOR. Q. When you first saw the parties, how far were they from the hedge? A. There is no hedge by the roadside—there is an iron railing—they were about five yards from that—there is a wall, which is not more than eighteen inches high I think—they were on the right-hand side of the road—I am a constable.

Wellham. On the first examination he did not swear to me and the two Gardeners. Witness. I have not a doubt of them—I know them all by sight—I have seen them lying about the plantations scores of times.





JOHN CLARK
. On the morning of the 1st of Sept. I was in Kensingtongore—about six minutes past five o'clock, and saw the five prisoners all walking together on the footpath opposite Lady Blessington's, and about fifty yards from Mr. Dewsbury's, towards Kensington—I merely noticed them walking together.





GEORGE DUNBAR
 (police-constable T 91.) On the 1st of Sept. I was in Gore-lane about half-past five o'clock—I received a communication and searched the meadow with Sapp and another officer, and found these picture—I then found one of these chimney-ornaments—I went to the prosecutor's house, and saw marks on the walls, as if somebody had got in at the window.





CHARLES AMOS
 (police-constable 151 T.) On the 1st of Sept. I searched a cellar in Halesmore-gardens, and found this card-case and plate—it is an empty cellar about 100 yards from Mr. Dewsbury's.





JAMES SKELTON
 (police-sergeant B 4.) On the 1st of Sept I went into

the high road at Knlghtsbridge, and saw the five prisoners together, about twenty minutes before nine o'clock in the morning—I sent a constable for assistance—the prisoners went into the park and laid down on the grass—we went and took them into the guard-room—I found this napkin in Jackson's pocket.





SARAH HALB

re-examined. I identify all this property—this napkin is my master's.





JOHN FRIENDSHIP
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Moore's former conviction at Clerkenwell, by the name of James Collins—(read,—Convicted on the 1st of Jan., 1844, confined seven days and whipped")—he is the person.
(James Tabberer, a land-surveyor, gave Jackson a good character.)

WELLHAM—


NOT GUILTY
.

JACKSON.† Aged 19.

MOORE.† Aged 17.





Transported Seven Years
.

GEORGE GARDENER—


NOT GUILTY



JAMES GARDENER—


NOT GUILTY
.
