




1335. 




CHARLOTTE DUTTON
 and 




CHARLOTTE BEST
,

 stealing 1 watch, 1 guard, 1 seal, 2 keys, 1 purse, value 7l.; 2 half-crowns, and 5 shillings; the property of 



Robert usher, in the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Peter Griffiths; Dutton having been before convicted.






ROBERT USHER.
 I live at Praed-street, Paddington, and am in the employ of the Great Western Railway Company. On 26th March I fell in company with the two prisoners, and went with then to a lodging-house in George-street, Lisson-grove—we had some gin—I had my watch and some money—when I went to bed I put my watch under my head in my trowsers-pocket—when I awoke, between two and three o'clock in the morning, the prisoners were gone, and my trowers were lying by my side—my watch was gone, and the chain, worth 4l. 10s., and a purse containing 10s.—I had opened my purse in the prisoners' presence when I sent for the gin.

Best. Q. Did not we awake you before we went, and shake hands with you? A. No.





JOSPEH NIFTON
 (policeman, D17.) I took Dutton into custody on Monday morning, 27th March—she denied her guilt, and said she would not be sacrificed as she was before; that Charlotte Williams had done it, and had shown her the watch near Trinity Church, in the New-road, which in a mile from the house—Best goes by the name of Williams.





EDMUND CALLAHAN
 (policeman, D 134.) I found Best in Chapel-street, Edgware-road, and told her I wanted her, for robbing a man of his watch and some money—she said, "You are talking romance, I do not know nothing about it"—I took her to the station, and before we had gone many yards we met the prosecutor—he said, "That is the other girl"—2s. 9d. was found on her.





SOPHIA GRIFFITHS.
 I am the wife of Samuel Peter Griffiths, and keep the house, 10, George-street, Lisson-grove. On 26th March the prisoners were there with the prosecutor—they both said they would pay for the bed in the morning—at three o'clock in the morning I was awoke by the prosecutor, who complained of being robbed, and asked me if I knew them—I informed him what names they went by—he did not seem in liquor—he had sent for two sixpenny-worths of gin—some people get up at three or four to go to work—the prisoners had been in the house before, and sometimes stayed till morning.
(Dutton put in a written defence, stating that they were both the worse for drink; that the prosecutor only gave them 2s. each, which was not enough to pay for the night, and he agreed to stop an hour; that he then bid them good-bye, and said he should see them again next morning; and that she saw no watch in his possession.)





ROBERT USHER

re-examined. I did give them 2s. each, and had not above 10s. left—there was no agreement made about how long we were to stay—I was asleep when they went out—I am sure I had my watch before I went up stairs.






EDWARD CALLAHAN

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Dutton's former convection—(read—convicted 12th June, 1843, confined one year)—she is the person.

DUTTON—


GUILTY. Aged 26.—


Transported For Seven Years.


BEST—


GUILTY. Aged 25.—



Confined One Year.

