



1983. 




JOHN JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of July, 49 handkerchiefs, value 3l., the goods of 



Edmund Henry Abbott and another.






JOHN WILLIAM WEBB
. I am a carpet-planner, living in Luke-street, Paul-street. A little before nine o'clock in the morning of the 27th of July I was standing in Aldermanbury, nearly opposite the prosecutor's—I saw the prisoner—I saw a young man, who appeared to be a companion of the prisoner, bring out a paper parcel from Mr. Abbott's—I gave information—the prisoner, who was there, and his companion, ran across Aldermanbury, up Love-lane—I and a young man that came out of the warehouse pursued them, and before we got to them, the prisoner had got the parcel underhis arm—they were walking—the other man started off when he saw us—the prisoner did not run—he had an opportunity of running as well as the other—if he had run very likely he would have escaped, but he would have dropped the goods—the other witness took the prisoner—I returned from going after the other, who escaped, and the prisoner said, "What it the matter? I will go quietly with you."

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long did the other person remain in? A. Two or three minutes—I do not know whether I have said it was five or six—it did not appear to me to be so long—I first saw the prisoner come down on the other side and cross, and I saw him join the other when he came out—I did not see where the prisoner was when the other was in the shop—I saw him come across the street when the other came out—I had seen him there before.

COURT. Q. Did you see the other go in? A. Yes—I did not see the prisoner with him then—when I first saw the prisoner he was six or eight

doors before he came to Cateaton-street—it was after I saw the other go into the shop that I saw the prisoner first—he was then about five doors from the prosecutor's warehouse—I did not heed him then—I next noticed him nearly opposite when the man came out.





THOMAS SPECKLEY
. I am warehouseman to Edmund Henry Abbott and another. I ran out on receiving information—I saw the prisoner with a parcel under his arm—I took hold of him, and took this parcel of shawls from his arm, and took him back—I believe he said it was a mistake—I said, "You must answer that before the Lord Mayor"—these are my masters' shawls.
(William Taylor, surgeon, Vine-street, Hatton-garden, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY.† Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy by the Protecutor.





Transported for Seven Years.
