




733. 




MARY ANN CARTER
 and 



MARGARET WILSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of February, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; 1 seal, value 1s.; 1 watch-key, value 1d.; 1 waistcoat, value 12s.; and 10 shillings; the property of 



Thomas Lannan.






THOMAS LANNAN
 I am a ship-carpenter, and lodge in High-street, shadwell. On the 1st of February, between eight and ten o'clock, I was in Poplar, and met Carter, I went home and went to bed with her in her house—I awoke between twelve and one o'clock, and missed the things stated from my trowsers' pocket, I seized her, and said I would take her to the station-house if she did not give me my things—I had put my trowsers on a chair—I saw no one but Carter when I awoke—I got a policeman, and then Wilson was in the house—she detained me at the door four or five minutes—I demanded the door to be opened according to the constable's orders—this is my watch—(looking at it)—I had come from sea that day about four o'clock, and landed at the West India Docks—then went up to Poplar, and went to a public-house, and from there I went to the house where I met the prisoner—that was between eight and ten o'clock—I was not sober—there were several women in the public-house, but I do not know who.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What is the worth of it? A. I paid 2l. 2s. 6d. for it two years ago—it was second-hand.





WILLIAM HARVEY
 (police-constable K 274.) I was called between one and two o'clock in the morning—I went to Carter's house—I knocked, and Wilson opened it after about five minutes—I said to the prosecutor, "Is this her?"—he said, "No"—while I was at the door I heard the back-door open—I said, "She is gone into the garden, come this way"—we went to the back of No. 6, and found several people—they would not let me in—I went to Carter's house again, and they would not let me in

—I got a light, and went into the garden through No. 2, and found Carter between Nos. 5 and 6—I said, "What have you done with this man's waistcoat, watch, and money?"—she said she knew nothing about it—I said at the station-house, "Are you the person who took this man in?"—she said, "Yes"—I said, "Did he pay you?"—she said, "Yes, half-a-crown"—I traced the watch to a pawnbroker's.





WILLIAM WOOD OGLEBY
. I am foreman to a pawnbroker, in High-street, Shadwell. This watch was pawned on Saturday night last, between eight and nine o'clock, by Carter—after she gave it me Wilson came in—I asked Carter where she got the watch from—she told me it was all right—he wanted 15s. on it, and I advanced it.

Carter's Defence. I was in the Red Lion public-house—the prosecutor gave me a glass of gin, and asked where I lived, I said in Red Lion-court;—he went with me; his jacket and hat were all wet, and I dried them; he asked me to pull his shoes off. I asked him what he was going to give me; he asked if T would trust him, I said, "No;" he said he had no money, but he would give me his watch, and he pulled it out—I took it to Mr. France's, and got 15s. on it.

CARTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.—


One Year Penitentiary.

WILSON—


NOT GUILTY
.
