



2057. 




WILLIAM TOMBLINGS
 was indicted

 for forging and uttering an order for the payment of 20l.; with intent to defraud 



Edward Brittain; having been before convicted of felony.1


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY BRITTAIN.
 I am the wife of Edward Brittain—this order (produced) was brought to me on the 4th of Aug. by Lipscomb the barman—I gave him twenty sovereigns, my husband's money, for it, to give to the prisoner—I was in the parlour at the time, looked to see who brought it, and saw the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Lipscomb has left you? A. Yes, he had given notice previously—he did not call my attention to the prisoner—he only said Mr. Dobson could have the gold again if he particularly wished it—the door to the parlour from the shop was quite open—I had seen the prisoner before—I did not see him till the check was brought in—I am quite certain I did see him—I had to see whether it was right or not—I was not asked by the Magistrate whether I saw the sovereigns paid—I did not answer more than I was asked.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Did you see what Lipscomb did with the sovereigns? A. I saw him give them to the prisoner, I heard them counted on the counter.





AUGUSTUS HENRY LIPSCOMB.
 On the 4th of Aug. I was barman to Mr. Brittain, of Leather-lane, Holborn—the prisoner brought this check, and asked if I would oblige Mr. Dobson, his master, with change for a 20l. check—I was in the shop at the time—I gave it to Mrs. Brittain, and got 20l. in gold for it—I gave the gold to the prisoner, and said, "I suppose it is all right"—he said "Yes, and if there is any doubt Mr. Dobson will take the check in the evening, and return gold for it"—I had no suspicion that it was forged.

Cross-examined. Q. What made you ask if it was all right? A. It is my business to do so—it is a custom I have always seen done in a situation I was in at a publican's in Soho—I was in the habit of changing checks at times—Mrs. Brittain was looking through the bar parlour window, and saw me give the prisoner the money—I knew Mr. Dobson.





JOSEPH DOBSON.
 I am a grocer of 69, High-Holborn—the prisoner was in my employ—I discharged him the day previous to this—I did not send him with this check on the 4th of Aug., to get it changed—he never changed a check for me in his life—I never send a check to get changed except at my bankers', the Bank of England—this is not my check at all—the prisoner never brought me twenty sovereigns for it—Mr. Brittain returned the check to me, stating that my young man got 20l. on it there.





CHARLES GORDON.
 I am a distiller—I took this check in payment from Mr. Brittain—I do not know the day—it was about the 9th Aug.—I sent it to Fuller's the bankers by one of my clerks who is not here—I have not received payment for it.





CHARLES CAPON.
 I am a clerk in the London and County Bank—this check was presented to me through Fullers—we had no person keeping an account with us in the name which this check purports to bear.

Cross-examined. Q. Have not you any "Thomas Smith?" A. No—I have ascertained that by our returns, I have looked through them myself—we have some Smiths.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Do you pay checks? A. I mark them for payment—it

is my duty to ascertain whether a person signing a check is a customer of the house—(check read—"Aug. 3, 1847, London and County Banking Company—Pay Mr. Dobson or bearer, the sum of 20l.—"Thomas Smith.")





JAMES BURTON
 (policeman M 272.) I took the prisoner into custody at 76, Harbour-place, New-road—he denied all knowledge of this—in about ten minutes after that his mother was hanging about his neck, and from an observation that dropped from her he said the money was all gone—she said if Mr. Brittain got his money he would not press any further, and then the prisoner said, the money was all gone.





THOMAS HARDWICK
 (policeman D 7.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—convicted May, 1845, confined six months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY

of uttering. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
