




895. 




LOUISA HERBERT
 and 




JULIA GLANDFORD



, stealing 1 watch, value 10l.; the goods of 



John Welch, from his person.






ROBINSON WEBB
 (City-policeman, 658). On 23d March, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I saw the two prisoners in Petticoat-lane)—I watched them—they turned into Harrow-alley—on seeing me they turned back and went down Petticoat-lane again, and went on to Elliston-street—Glandford turned and saw me, and they went up Petticoat-lane, towards Aldgate—I walked fast and passed them—I then turned round and met them—I laid hold of Herbert's hands, and said, "What have you got here"—she said, "What is that to you"—I found her right-band open, but her left-hand was shut—I said, "Open your hand"—she said she should not—Glandford then laid hold of my coat—I called to Back; he came to my assistance—we opened Herbert's hand, and found this watch in it—it appeared to me that Glandford laid hold of my coat to prevent my getting the watch, and she went off as soon as Back came up; he went after her, and took her.

Herbert. Directly he took hold of me, I delivered the watch up. Witness. No; I asked her where she got it; she said, "A gentleman gave it us the night before last, to sleep with both of us; "I found the watch was going, and was within five minutes of the right time; I asked if she had the key of it; she said, "No;" I said, "How do you account for the watch going, if it were given you the night before last;" she said, "I shall not answer any questions.

Herbert. I said, "Last night." Witness. No; you said, "The night before last."





JOHN WELCH
. I am a clerk, and live in Charter-house-lane. On 23d March, I was on my return home, about half-past two o'clock in the morning

I was passing through Smithfield, and met the two prisoners—I walked with them forty or fifty yards—after they had left me, I found my watch was gone, which had been in my waistcoat-pocket, and was secured by a guard—the handle of the watch was snapped off, and hung to the guard-chain, which remained—this is the chain; there is a piece of the handle of the watch to it now—I did not perceive the hand of either of the prisoners busy about me before I missed my watch, but I found them press on each side of me—I was not aware that they had their bands to my pocket.

Herbert. Did we not meet you in Whitechapel-road, at half-past ten o'clock in the evening, and we gave you a direction to a house, up two steps, near a pawnbroker's? he took us to a house, and paid half-a-sovereign, and he gave us the watch, in place of two sovereigns, to sleep with'us; he stopped with us till half-past four o'clock; it struck five when we were dressing ourselves in the morning? Wittiest. I did not meet them there—if it were necessary I could bring witnesses to prove where I was.





ANDREW LEGGATT
. I live in St. John's-lane, Smithfield—I am a cab-driver—on the morning of 23d March, I was on the cab-stand, in Smithfield—a young man came and told me, if I went on a little further I should find a party waiting for a cab—I went, and the two prisoners beckoned me, and asked what I would take them to Petticoat-lane for—I told them, and a third female came up—I said, "Are you all going;" they said, "Yes"—I took them to Houndsditch, where there is a turning that leads to Petticoat-lane—I asked if that would do, and they said, "Yes"—they got out, and said, if I would wait I should take them back—I waited about ten minutes, and saw them in possession of the officer; it was exactly six o'clock when the young man came to me.





ROBINSON WEBB

re-examined. The address they gave me was No. 1, Bell-alley, Goswell-street, which is a false address—I took them before the Magistrate on Friday morning, they were remanded till the following Friday, and I advertised the watch in the Times—they appeared on the Friday, but no owner appeared for the watch—they were discharged, and Mr. Welch saw them going out.





JOHN WELCH

re-examined. I was going by the Mansion-house, and saw the two prisoners, who were discharged about a watch—I concluded it was mine—I made application, and said it was my watch, and the prisoners were taken on the Sunday night following.





JOHN JENKINS
 (policeman, G 53), examined by the prisoner Herbert. I went to take the prisoners—Herbert said, "I saw the constable this afternoon"—I said, "Then it is wrong, I will go and enquire of the constable"—I did, and met the constable—I asked if they were wanted—he said, "No; we have not got the owner yet."

Herbert's Defence. It is not very likely we would have remained in our place if we had been guilty; I can be on my oath that the prosecutor went with me and this young woman too.

Glandford's Defence. I was in Whitechapel when the prosecutor came and took us to a house.





ROBINSON WEBB

re-examined. The prisoners live in William's-buildings, French-alley, Goswell-street, about a mile and a half from Whitechapel—they first said the watch was given them in Hare-court, but there is not a house of that description there now—there was, but it has been indicted, and is shot up—when I found the watch, it had been concealed, and was in such a state, that I was obliged to send it to a watchmaker's and have it cleaned.

HERBERT—


GUILTY
.** Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.
GLANDFORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined One Year.


I

