



1438. 




EDWARD VIVER
 was indicted

 for stealing on the 
19th of June, at 

St. Ann, Westminster, 2 watches, value 12l. 10s., and 1 guard-chain, 3l. 10s.; the goods of 



John Wheeler Jones, in his dwelling-house, and that he had been previously convicted of felony.






ANN HAWKINS
. I am the sister of John Wheeler Jones, of Leicester place, Leicester-square—it is his dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster—on the 19th of June, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I heard a knock at the street door—I opened it, and saw the prisoner—I am sure he is the man—he asked for Mr. Carteeny—there was a Mr. Carteeny lodged there—I asked the prisoner his name—he said Mr. Carteeny did not know his name—I went up stairs, leaving the prisoner in the hall-Mr. Carteeny was in the drawing-room on the first floor—I was not gone five minutes—I came back and the prisoner was gone—I went into the parlour and missed two watches off the parlour table—I had seen them there ten minutes before in a case, which was open.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me before A. Not that I know—Iam quite sure you are the man.





NICHOLAS BUTLER
 (police-constable C 175.) On the 19th of June I took the prisoner in charge in Porter-street, Newport-market—I took him to the station, found 1l. 16s. in money, and a pocket-book on him, with two duplicates in it, one for a gold guard-chain, pawned for 1l. 15s., and a silver watch for 1l. 10s.—he was very violent, and beat and kicked me, and in the scuffle he flung two gold watches on the floor.





ANN HAWKINS
 (re-examined.) I missed a gold guard-chain, which wai round the gold watch—that produced is it—it is Mr. Jones's property—these watches are also his.





WILLIAM KIBBLE
. I am shopman to Mr. Wells, of Broad-street, Bloomsbury—I produce a gold guard-chain, pawned on the 19th June, about eleven o'clock, by a man who I believe to be the prisoner—I gave him one of the duplicates produced.





CHARLES LOCKYER
. I am servant to Mr. Ashburn, of Long-acre—I produce a silver watch, pawned by the person to whom I gave this ticket—I cannot swear to the prisoner.





JOHN WHEELER JONES
. These watches and chain are mine—the house is in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster.

Prisoner's Defence. I met a young man, who offered to sell me the watch for 5l. 10s.; I bought it for 5l.; he came to me again in half an hour, at a public-house, and offered me a gold chain very cheap; I bought two duplicates of him for 5s.; the man was like me, with long hair.





JOHN DIXON
 (City police-constable, No. 619.) I produce a certificate of

the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted December 1844, and confined Six Months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Baron Alderson.

