



1047. 




WILLAM BAILEY
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Henry Casson Lamboll: He was also charged, on the Coroner's Inquisition, with the like offence.






JOHN LAMBOLL
. I am the father of Henry Casson Lamboll, the deceased—I identified his body at the hospital last Monday morning—I stripped down his clothes, and saw on his left breast, just by the heart, a small wound, about as big as my nail.





JOSEPH MURRAY
. I am a smith, and live in Orange-street, Southward I knew the deceased about five years, and the prisoner longer than that—they were good friends together. On Sunday evening, 9th April, I was in thair company at the Mitre, in Broadwall, for four or five hours, drinking—we all left the Mitre together, about twelve o'clock, or a little after, and went to the Duke of York, in Blackfriars road—we staid there about an hour and a half, and left about two—there was a dispute there between the prisoner and deceased about 5s.,—the prisoner had lent the deceased 5s.—I heard him ask him for it several times—he said, "Give me the 5s. and I will lend you 1s"—he refused to give it him, and said he would give it him on Saturday night—the prisoner seemed rather angry—a pot of beer was called for, and it was partly upset by the prisoner—the landlord came round the bar, and threatened to turn him out—I told the landlord if he would let him go I would endeavour to get him home—we all went out of the house together, the prisoner, the deceased, myself, Harriman, and James barker—we went along Blackfriars-road, towards Rowland Hill's chapel—I cannot tell who went first, or how we walked, for we were all in liquor—I think the prisoner and deceased were on a-head, and I was walking with Harirman and Parker—the prisoner and deceased seemed very friendly together; further than the prisoner's asking for the 5s. once or twice in going along, and the deceased saying he would return it to him on Saturday night; nothing else occurred till we got to the end of Charlotte-street—we were in the act of going home, wishing one another "Good night," and when I had got about three yards distance, I heard the deceased say, "I am stabbed I"—I went back to him and found him resting on Harriman, and I saw the prisoner step back from him, with his face towards him—I did not hear him say anything—I assisted in taking the deceased in a cab to St. Thomas' Hospital, and when we got there the surgeon pronounced him quite dead.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. Were the deceased and the prisoner friends during all the time you knew them? A. To the best of my knowledge, I always considered so—the Duke of York is 300 or 400 yards from the corner of Charlotte-street—the prisoner and deceased walked first, and we close behind—when we got to Charlotte-street we turned our backs and went in different directions—we were all very nearly drunk—we could walk very well—we did not tumble about at all—we had had no spirits, only a drop of beef to smoke our pipes over.





JOHN HARRIMAN
. I am a watch-glass maker, at 1, Bates'-buildings, Broadwall—I was at the Duke of York on the Sunday before last—we left between two and three in the morning—I had been drinking—I walked with Murray and Parker towards Rowland Hill's chapel—the prisoner and Lamboll were on before—they were not friendly together—they were talking about 6s.—the prisoner said to him that he would have his 5s.—Laraboll said he should not have it then; he would give it him next week or next Saturday evening—the dispute continued up to Charlotte-street—I was about to go home from

there, and had to turn to the fight—Murray had to turn to the left, up Union-street—we wished one another "Good night"—I was about to cross to the right, when I heard Lamboll say, "George, he has stabbed me!"—I directly turned back to him, and saw the prisoner step back from him, and lean his back against a lamp-post close to the corner of Charlotte-street—before I reached Lamboll he had fallen to-the ground—I raised him up with his head, on my knee, he never uttered another word—he had been a very-particular acquaintance of mine—Murray and Taylort took him to the hospital in a cab, and I walked there, and there heard that he was dead—I saw him last Friday evening in his coffin, at his brother-in-law's.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known the prisoner to be a friend of Lamboll's? A. Yes, they were 'great frineds, and there was great good 'feeling between them—I have known, prisoner twenty years—when sober I never saw a quieter man—I (had not got many yards from them when I heard the deceased say, "George, he has, stabbed me"—I did not go up to the prisoner, or speak to him.





JAMBS PARKER
. I am a cooper, and live in 'Surrey-road. I was at the Duke of York, and left about half-past one, I do not believe it was two, with the deceased, the prisoner, Harriman, and Murry—I, Harriman and Murray were walking together behind the deceased and the prisoner—when we got to Charlotte-street, I had to cross. and go straight on—I parted company with the others, and said, "Good night, all"—when I get against the Dog and Porridge-pot, at the other comer of Charlotte-street, I heard a voice say, "I am stabbed"—I could not say who it was—'I tamed to go back, and saw the deceased standing, and I saw the prisoner retreat two steps backwards—when I got up to the deceased I saw that he was stabbed through; his coat, waisteoat, shirt, and flannel-shirt—seeing that—he was stabbed, and seeing the prisoner step backwards, I seized the prisoner by the collar and sung out for. the police twice as loud as I could—I gave him into the hands of the witness Bartlett, who came up, and went to the deceased and helped to put him into a cab to go to the hospital—he could not walk to the cab; he was carried into it—I did not hear him speak again.





GEORGE BAHTLBTT
. On the morning in question I was-at the corner of the New Cut, on the opposite side of the way to Charlotte-street, and heard spipebody call out "Police!"—I went across to the person who was calling, and inquired what was the matter—it was a female; she pointed to the prisoner and said, "That man has stabbed my husband"—the prisoner heard that; he was close by—Parker had him by the collar—he gave him into my charge and I gave him to a policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see anybody besides the man's wife near the prisoner at that time? A. The other three men; my wife crossed the road with me—the prisoner seemed the worse for liquor—he appeared as if he hardly knew what he was about.

COURT. Q. Did he walk away with the policeman? A. Yes; he did not walk very well—I do not think" he spoke a word—I did not say a word to him when I laid bold of him—my-attention was drawn 'to the-man on the ground—I saw nothing in the prisoner's hand.





MARY TAYLOR
. I was living with Lamboll—I was standing outside the Duke of York and paw them all together—I followed them up to Charlotte-street, only on the other side of the road—I was watching him, to see if he would come towards home—I saw him and the prisoner walking on-first, in front of the others until the corner of Charlotte-street—I-then saw Parker

cross the street as far as the other corner—he stood there about a minute, and Harriman was going to cross the road the other way—I saw Parker come back and catch hold of the prisoner and say, "You shall not go till the policeman comes"—he called "Police!" twice before I got across the road—I ran across when I heard him call "Police!" and while I was crossing Lamboll fell—when I got up to him he was on the ground with his head on Harriman's knees—I tore open his shirt and saw him bleeding from the side—I never heard him speak—I went with him to the hospital—he sighed in the cab as we went along.





ISAAC COGGINS
. I am a dresser at St. Thomas's Hospital. I was there when the deceased was brought in on the Monday morning at ten minutes past two—I was called up by the porter and saw him in the surgery lying on his back, perfectly dead—Meek, the policeman, was with him, and Mary Taylor—he had a stab about two inches below the left nipple, between the fifth and sixth ribs, and about two inches to the left of the breast-bone—the wound was about half an inch in length; it was an incised wound, and was in an oblique direction—I could not at that time tell what it had penetrated, I could only surmise—it had ceased to bleed—his waistcoat and shirt were bloody—an examination of the body was made next day in my presence by our demonstrater of morbid anatomy—on introducing a probe through the external wound, it was found to have taken a direction upwards and backwards, to the extent of about two inches in depth—on removing the sternum and portion of the ribs, it was found to pass beneath the cartilage of the fifth rib, which was slightly cut—it was then traced through the pleura, or the bag which contains the lungs, in which we found twenty-five ounces of dark-coloured blood—that would be at the bottom of the cavity as the man laid on his back; the blood would gravitate there—it was then traced through the peritoneum, or the bag which contains the heart, and on opening the peritoneum it was found to have gone through the wall of the right venticle about two inches, and there was also twelve ounces of the same coloured blood effused into the peritoneum—it was venous blood—a man could not survive such a wound as that.

Cross-examined. Q. You say it took an oblique direction, did it appear to be done by an instrument pointed upwards? A. Yes, I should say that it was made in an upward and inward direction—the deceased was a fine roan, five feet nine inches high I believe—he was a well-formed young man, and well-proportioned—I should say he was three or four inches higher than the prisoner, or more.





JOHN MEEK
 (policeman, M 48). I heard Taylor screaming "Murder!" and "Police!" and ran to the spot—I saw Bartlett holding the prisoner—I asked who had done it—I looked on the ground and saw the man bleeding-Taylor said, "That is the man,"pointing to the prisoner—I immediately laid hold of him by the two collars, and said, "Have you got a knife about you?"—he said, "No; yes, I have got one in my right coat-pocket"—in feeling his left breast-pocket, as I laid hold of him, I felt something in it—I put my hand in and took from it this knife (produced)—it was open—I did not see any particular appearance on it—I then put my hand into his right coat-pocket and took out another knife which was shut—I gave him to my brother constable, Holmer, who came up, and I went with the deceased to the hospital.





BENJAMIN HOLMER
 (policeman, M 169). I took the prisoner to the station—nothing passed between us as we went—he had been drinking a little, but could walk very well—I should say he knew what he was about.






ISAAC COGGINS

re-examined I believe such a knife at this would have inflicted such a wound as I saw—it it quite long enough—the stab was through the wall of the right venticle of the heart—the situation of the wound was just over the apex of the heart, but it took an oblique direction upwards; consequently it went in above the apex.





ELIZABETH LARKMAN
. I live in Tooley-street. Last Monday morning, about twenty minutes to two o'clock, I was coming down Charlotte-street to go into the Borough—I had been over Blackfriars-bridge—I saw the prisoner with another man, walking together—I had never seen them before—I did not see any other persons walking the same way with them—I heard the prisoner say, "If you will not give me the 5s. one way, I will have ft another way"—I then saw him take the penknife out of his waistcoat-pocket, and he said to the one that he murdered, "I want to speak to you"—I saw him open the knife—he made a step while he was palling, it open—the other was going on—he turned to the prisoner again, and asked him what he wanted—he did not make any answer, but stuck the penknife tote his side—after he had done that he wanted to wipe the penknife on ray frock—I was close by them—he was going to catch bold of the skirt of my frock, to wipe the penknife—I would not let him, and he gave roe a shove, and shoved me off the kerb, and in putting my arm out to save myself a spot of the blood came on the sleeve of my frock—I did not fell—I did not go to the police-court to give my evidence, I was not able—from his shaving me off the kerb it jolted my side, and caused me such pain I could not go—I went by Rowland Hill's chapel, and sat on the step of a door till I was able to walk, I was in such pain—I then walked as far as the Borough—I went into a coffee-shop, and sat down, and stopped there till the morning—I then went to the Court when it was open, out I was not able to stop, I was taken so bad.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you first come forward to give this evidence? A. I went to the station last night—that was the first time—I was told there was an inquest on the Tuesday morning—I was not able to go there—I was in bed—two policemen led me to St. George's workhouse on the same Monday afternoon that this took place—I am an unfortunate girl—I had been in the Royal Oak, in Blackfriars-road, on the Monday morning, nowhere else—I had not been drinking there—I had not been in any one's company that day—I was jn the workhouse from Monday evening till Wednesday morning—I have seen many persons since that day.

Q. Why did you not speak to some one at the time while you were sitting down by Rowland Hill's chapel? A. No one came, no policeman or any one passed me—there were plenty of persons on the other side of the way—I never called to any of them—I told the doctor about it when I was at the workhouse—I have been unfortunate six weeks—I was a servant of all work before—I went to the station last night through telling a young man of it, and he told the policeman—I did not know that this Court opened last Monday—I did not see two or three of the policemen before I came here—there was nobody near at the time I saw this act done, not a soul—the. man's wife was a little distance from them—I dare say she saw me—I did not see any of the other men—I was taken so bad with the pain, that I went and sat down, and did not see any one else there—I was not for from them—I did not call out at all—I have no mode of getting my living but by going about the streets.

COURT. Q. What is the name of the young man that you told of this? A. I

do not know his name—when the man was stabbed he fell down—I did not see anybody come up to assist him till a lot of people rushed up—I went a distance from them towards Union-street—I did not go far before I sat down on the step—I saw some people rush up to him a few minutes afterwards, not directly afterwards—I saw a woman standing—I did not know then that she was his wife—she was very near to them when it took place, on the same side of the way—I did not see the cab go off—I sat there some time—the people were standing there some time—it was on the left-hand side as you go to the Borough that I sat on the steps, the chapel side, not the first steps you come to—I think it was the steps of the third house.




GUILTY
of Manslaughter.
  Aged 31.—


Transported for Life.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

