




638. 




HENRY KING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of January, 1 box, value 2s.; and 3 muffs, value 3l. 6s.; the goods of 



John Thorogood, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN SMITH
. I am a carman to John Thorogood, of the Blue Boar Aldgate. On the night of the 26th of January, about six o'clock, I was driving a cart containing goods, in Cheapside, and saw the prisoner near the cart—he took a box from the cart, and ran off with it—I ran after him till he dropped it, and I fell over it—I took it back to the cart, and saw no more of him till next morning about twelve o'clock—I had noticed his features, and how he was dressed, particularly—I had a full view of him—there was plenty of light—I had noticed him above a minute before walking behind the cart—I watched him—he took the box from the hind part of the cart—I was walking by the side of it, watching him—I am quite sure he is the man—I afterwards gave the box to the policeman—I was taking it to Pawson and Co.'s.





ELIAS MILLER
 (City police-sergeant, No. 408.) On the night of the 26th of January, I heard a cry of "Stop thief" in Bread-street, about 200 yards from the cart, and saw the prisoner running towards me—I laid hold of him—he said, "What have you stopped me for?"—I said, "You shall see presently"—he said, "I did not take the box"—I had said nothing about a box, and did not know what had been taken—I said, "What box?"—he said, "Oh, some fellow has taken a box out of a cart in Cheapside"—I went back, but the cart was gone—I took the prisoner to the station—another policeman brought the box there.

Prisoner. I never mentioned a word about the box. Witness. I am certain he did.





WILLIAM STANDLEY
. I am warehouseman to Pawson and Co., of St. Paul's Churchyard. I have examined the contents of this box, which is three squirrel-back muffs, worth 3l. 6s.—they had been returned to us from Chelmsford—here is the letter with them in the box.





JAMES RACE
. I am a policeman. I got this box from the carman.





CHARLES HARLEY
 (City police-constable, No. 662.) I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I believe the prisoner to be the person named in it, and was at his trial in February, 1840—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
