




2441. 




JAMES FORD
 and 




EDWARD COTTRELL
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
3rd of October, 96lbs. weight of whalebone, value 8l., the goods of 



William Johnson Smith and another, the masters of the said tones Ford.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY CLARKE
. I am in the service of Smith and Fenn, whalebone-manufacturers, Aldersgate-street, and have been to five years and a half—Ford was in their employ, and had been very nearly six years. One morning, six or seven months ago, he came and asked where my master was—I said, "Up at breakfast"—he said, "We might have a dexen or two of bone*"—I asked what he was going to do with them—he said he could find sale for it—some time after he said the same again—about the middle of that day he asked roe to go with him, and at night I went with him to Cottrell's, in London-wall—Cottrell was in bed—we went to a public-house to have a pint of beer, and Cottrell came in—Ford asked if he would come down for some bone in the morning—Cottrell said he would, and he came in the morning about ten minutes after seven o'clock—I gave him between five and six dozen of bone—on Friday morning, the 2nd of October, Cottrell come there, and Ford gave him some bone, that evening I and Ford went to Cottrell's, he gave Ford 2Z. 10s., and said if we had got any more bone he could get rid of it—Ford told him to come the next morning; the Saturday, and he came about twenty minutes past eight o'clock—my master was up stairs—Ford, John Merison, and I were on the premises when he came—I told Merison to go down, and wash his master's basin because we wanted to get him out of the way—he went down the ware-house—when he was gone I gave Cottrell between four and five dozen of bone—Ford was at that time in the warehouse—I was in the shop—Cottrell went off with the bone I gave him—Ford was about thirty yards from me—he could see plainly what was going on—on that evening when Ford came back from his tea he gave me 30s.—he said that was my share—he did not say any thing else—I had had no other dealings with Ford—there was no transaction between the Friday evening when we got the 2l. 10s., and the Saturday evening when I received the 30s.—I was taken into custody, and admitted to give evidence, and have now come from the computer.


Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did you in the first instance vo-luntarily make this statement? A. Yes—I went and told my master all that I have told to-day—he said he had been robbed, and I must know something about it—then I told him about it—he said if I would tell him where the receiver was, he would do all he could to shield me, that I should come to no harm—I made him promise that before I said a word to him—he first spoke to me on the subject, and called me into his counting-house—I after that went to Guildhall—when they asked if I wished to say any thing, I said, "No"—I was not asked to be sworn and give my evidence, that I know of—I cannot swear whether I refused to be sworn or not—I was asked if I wished to confess—I said, "Yes, my master had promised to forgive me"—the Alderman said my master had nothing to do with it, did I wish to say it, and I said, "Yes," and then I was sworn—that was on Monday fortnight, the day my master spoke to me—Ford's place is nearly at the end of the warehouse, about forty yards from the shop—there are folding doors between the shop and warehouses—they are almost always open—my place is near the counting-house.





JOHN MERISON
. I am in the prosecutor's service, and have been to two years. On Saturday morning, the 3rd of October, I was in the warehouse with Ford and Clarke—Ford wanted me to fetch some gin about ten minutes past eight o'clock in the morning, and I would not, because I thought they were about doing wrong—I said I had my master's counting-house to do out—I was cleaning it—Ford came back, and asked me why I did not go to the Still public-house—I said I had the counting-house to do, Mr. Smith, my master, would be down directly, and would be angry with me—Clarke told me to go and clean the governor's wash hand basin, which Clarke generally did himself—I took it down in the warehouse, and peeped through a hole—I saw Ford go to the shop-door, and stand there—I peeped under the scraper's bench—Ford came down the warehouse—I took the basin up—Ford said, "It is not half washed, a bit of soap will soon get that off—I said, "It is not my place to wash it, I shall not do it"—I was walking down the warehouse, and saw a man go out with a load of bone on his shoulder—I only saw his back.





WILLIAM EVANS
. I am assistant to Thomas Evans, an umbrella-maker, in Silver-street, Falcon-square. About one or two o'clock on Saturday, the 3rd of October, Cottrell, who was in our employ, came to our ware-house about some work that tie had out, and he asked if we could buy some bone, about six or eight dozen—I asked what lengths they were—he said, "The usual lengths"—I said he might bring them (we have bought of him several times)—he brought them that afternoon I gave him 6l. 12s. 6d., which was 17s. a dozen, 2 1/2 percent, off for cash.

COURT. Q. Is that the proper price? A. No, the average price is 21s.—they were heavier than we use them, and were not cheaper to us than if bought in the regular way—he had worked for us some time in making umbrella frames—I never was in his house except in the lower room—I have been there several times—it is in Cross Keys-court, London-wall—he said he was commissioned by a person named Watson to sell some whalebone—that was on a former occasion—I had an invoice given me—, this is it—(looking at it)—it is receipted by Cottrell—(read)—"October 3 1840. Mr. J. Evans, bought of Edward Cottrell, eight dozen of umbrella bones, at 17s.—16l. 16s. Discount, 3s. 6d. Received—Edward Cottrell.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You had known him three years and a half? A. Yes, if I had not thought him honest I would have

had no dealings with him, nor if I had thought the whalebone was worth more.





CHARLES WALLER
 (City police-constable No. 201.) On Monday morning, the 5th of October, I went with Clarke to Cottrell's lodgings, in Cross Keys-court, London Wall. I found him there—I said, "Cottrell, you are charged with stealing whalebone from Smith and Fenn's, in Aldertgate-street"—he said, "I know nothing about it',—I asked if he knew Clarke—he said, no, he did not—I asked if he had any whalebone in his house—he said yes, but it belonged to Mr. Evans, by whom he was employed—I asked if he had bought any whalebone on Saturday, or sold my—he said he had not sold or bought any since last Christmas—I found no property in his house.





GEORGE FARROW
 (City police-constable, No. 223.) I took Ford on the Monday—he said he knew nothing at all of the circumstance.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Was not what he said that he knew nothing about any bone being taken out of the house? A. Yes.





WILLIAM JOHNSON SMITH
. I have one partner, we are whalebone manufacturers in Aldersgate-street; we have lost a great deal of whale-bone for two or three years, at various times.

COURT. Q. Was the whalebone you lost on the 3rd of October of the usual length? A. Yes.

MR. JONES. Q. Ford had been between five and six years in your employ? A. Yes, constantly, we did not suspect him.
(Ford received a good character.)

FORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.—



Confined One Year.

COTTRELL*—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

