




1997. 




WILLIAM JONES
 and 




JOHN TAYLOR



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Carrington, and stealing 1 desk, I ink-stand, 4 rings, and other articles, value 26l. 1l. 6d.; the goods of 



Emma Ann Milton: and I desk, 5 seals, and other articles, value 16l. 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Dean; to which


TAYLOR pleaded 


GUILTY
, and received a good character. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.






ANN QUARTERMAN
. I am in the service of George Carrington, of Duke-street, Manchester-square—it is his dwelling-house. On 15th Aug., about ten o'clock at night, I was coming up the kitchen-stairs, and saw the prisoners standing at the front door inside—they could not open it, and when they saw me they rattled the chain very much—I ran up stairs, and called "Thieves!"—my master came.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. They had their backs to you? A. I saw Jones' face—he turned to me—I saw the side of the other's face—they had their hats on—I was very much frightened.





JOSEPH DOHERTY
 ('policeman, D 51). I heard a cry of "Police! "—I went fo the house, and found Jones crouched on one knee behind a clothes-horse, in a room at the back of the premises—Bailey was with me—I said, "Here

is one, and if you stir I will knock you down "—he jumped up, and struck me on the head with a life-preserver—I struck him with my staff—Bailey dropped the candle—we had a struggle, and fell—Sergeant Martin came, and we secured him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you strike yourself on the head by warding off the blow with your arm? A. I put up my arm, but could not keen the blow off—I cut his head open with my staff.





JOHN BAILEY
. I live at 21, Adam-street—I heard a cry of "Police!"—I went into the back kitchen and found the window-sash open—I saw a policeman in the stable—he called for assistance—I went—he was lying on Jones—I took Jones by the hand, took a life-preserver from him, put it into my pocket, and secured him—we were all in the dark.





JAMES MARTIN
 (police-sergeant, D 2). I heard a cry, went in, and assisted in securing Jones—he was taken to the station, searched, and this property found on him (produced).





EMMA ANN MILTON
. I live in Mr. Carrington's house—this desk is mine—I saw the window shut down close half an hour before the alarm—the house is in Marylebone parish.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was it you saw the window shut? A. It was after nine o'clock—I am positive it was shut.





THOMAS DEAN
. I live in the house—these seals are mine.
**JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

