









1281. 




THOMAS CHAPPLE
 and 




CHARLES KING
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Porter, on the 
7th of September, at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, and stealing therein, 14 spoons, value 12l.; 1 ladle, value 5l.; 3 rings, value 3l.; one watch, value 5l.; 1 seal, value 2l.; one chain, value 1l.; 1 bag, value 2s.; 1 coat, value 5s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 2s.; 8 sovereigns, and 3 100l. and 12 10l. Bank-notes; his property: and 




CHARLES CHAPPLE
,



ELIZA PLANT
,



ANN KING
,



HENRY COX
, and 



SOPHIA COX



, for feloniously harbouring the said prisoners, well knowing them to have committed the felony aforesaid.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PORTER
. I am a solicitor, and carry on business in Lincoln's Innfields, in the parish of St. Giles-in-the-Fields—I occupy the ground floor for offices—my servant sleeps on the premises, and takes care of the house—I let the other part out in chambers. On the 7th of September last, the prisoner Thomas Chapple was acting as porter to my establishment, and his wife Sophia was the laundress—they slept on the premises, and had the charge of them when the gentlemen had left—the front room on the ground floor I occupy as my own private room—that communicates with the back room, which is the office, by means of double doors—one of them is covered with red cloth—there is a side door also from my room leading to the passage—that is within the hall doors—as you go in there are the hall doors then, a side door on the left hand to go into my private room, and then there are double doors from my room into the back room or office—it is usual to keep the hall door fast during the day, because the street door is generally open during office hours—the hall doors are fastened by a spring lock, which cannot be opened on the outside without a key—it is generally opened by means of a pulley in the office—my side door it secured by a spring lock that cannot be opened from without except by a key—no one can get to my office by the side door, unless they have a key or it is opened from within—there are two keys of the spring lock which is on the side door—one of them I kept myself, and the other was kept by Thomas Chapple, with strict orders not to admit any one but himself and his wife, to clean the room—I did not allow even the clerks in my business to go in there—on Saturday, the 7th of September I went up-stairs to dinner between twenty minutes to five and five o'clock—I should rather incline to think it was about ten minutes to five o'clock—I dined in my drawing-room, which is the room over the ground floor—before I went up I bolted the double doors leading from my room to the office, according to my usual practice—I went out at my side door and drew the door to after me, which fastened it so that it could not be got at but by means of a key—Thomas Chapple waited on me at dinner till about half-past five—I staid up-stairs altogether about an hour and a quarter—I came down about ten minutes or a quarter past six o'clock—I took the key of my room out of my waist-coat pocket, put it in the lock, drew back the lock as usual, and went in—immediately on entering, my attention was called to the door of my iron safe, which was standing wide open—I have a writing table in the middle of the room—I passed by that on one side, and saw several keys, some of which I have since understood to be skeleton keys, lying on a bundle of papers on the writing table, and a small piece of iron—I found the keys of that iron sale lying on the carpet opposite another iron safe, which had not been opened—one of the drawers of ray iron safe was lying on the carpet empty—when I left the room the drawer of the iron safe contained three 100l. and five 10l. Bank of England notes, twelve table-spoons, two gravy spoons, and a soup ladle, and an old-fashioned gold watch with a double case—they were all gone—I had usually kept the keys of my iron safe in one of the drawers of my writing table, which was locked up—when I saw the iron safe open I went round the writing table on the other side, and saw the drawer where my keys were kept was open, I missed from that drawer a canvass bag containing seven 10l. notes, and five sovereigns screwed up together, and some loose sovereigns—I also missed a gold seal, three or four mourning rings, and a small watch

chain, which were all together in a piece of paper in the same drawer—I missed from another drawer in the same table an old pair of black trowsers, an old coat which was lying loose in the room, and a blue bag which I think was on one of the iron safes—I gave an alarm, and the servant came up—I found that Thomas Chapple was not at home—he returned in about half-an-hour—I told him what had happened—he accompanied me to the station-house at Bow-street, and the inspector returned with us—I had not at that time any suspicion of Thomas Chapple, and on my speaking to him about the robbery, he mentioned several names of persons whom he suspected—he mentioned my clerk Widdows, and a young man named Roberts, who had called at the office that morning—I mentioned to the officer what I had heard from the prisoner, and in accordance with his advice the lodging of Widdows was searched, but nothing found—in consequence of what Thomas Chapple said to me, I gave him directions to watch Widdows, at the suggestion of the officer, and on the Monday evening, about ten o'clock, he came to me, and said he had been down to Widdows—f think he said he had followed him, and watched him home—I at last entertained very strong suspicion against Thomas Chapple, and on the 13th I gave him into custody—Pocock, the officer, had found 7l. 10s. in gold, under a stone in the wash-house, and also on Thomas Chappell a receipt for 2l. 18s. 11d. and 1s. 1d. which made 3l.—I think it was on the Thursday before the robbery that Thomas Chapple had said he had no money, and I gave him a sovereign to pay for beating carpets and other things—when he was given into custody I told him to tell me what he knew about the robbery—he cried, and said he could not say any thing without criminating others.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. Can you undertake to swear positively that on the day of the robbery you fastened the doors? A. Most positively—it was my invariable custom, and I went by the red door, and fastened the bolt—it was then between twenty minutes to five and five o'clock—Thomas Chapple waited at dinner till about half-past five o'clock—it might be a few minutes later—he was to and fro waiting on me till that time—when I am up stairs no one who may call ever goes into my private room, not the most intimate friend I have—when I go out at the side-door I draw the door to after me, and it shuts itself—I found the doors fastened when I came down—I think I saw Thomas Chapple again that evening about seven o'clock—I will not be certain to a few minutes—I had my crest on my spoons—none of this property has been discovered.

Q. When Thomas Chapple cried, did he not say he could not tell you any thing without criminating innocent persons? A. No, it was "others" he said, certainly—he was present when the money was discovered under the stone—in consequence of what was found on his person, he was asked if he had any more money, and said he had some down stairs—he had been in my service at different times from 1833—I have known him eleven or twelve years—his wife was my laundress in my former chambers.

COURT. Q. Did he take you to where the money was? A. He took the officer there, I went with them, and it was found.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. From his having been so long with you, and having the key of your room, did he know where you kept your money and property? A. I should think he had ample opportunity to know where I kept the keys of my iron chest—he had seen me take them out of the drawer very often.






GEORGE MUSGROVE
. I am a police-inspector at the station-house at Bow-street. On Saturday, the 7th of September, I accompanied Mr. Porter to his chambers in Lincoln's Inn-fields—I first examined his hall-door, the side-door, and the door leading from the front room to the office, to ascertain, if I could, by what means the robbery had been effected—there were marks of violence on the red door leading from the front room to the office, but the door had not been opened—there had been an attempt, which appeared to have been made with a small crow-bar—there was no mark on the outer door—MR. Porter and Thomas Chapple accompanied me in my examination—I looked on the carpet in the private room to see if there was any thing lying about, and my attention was directed to that part near the door leading to the office, and there was no key lying on the carpet, I believe—I observed, in the presence of Thomas Chapple, that I could not tell how they got in, as the door had not been opened—I was then near the side-door leading to the passage, and Thomas Chapple stooped down, as though he would pick up something, and he produced this skeleton key—(producing one)—he said, "Oh, this is the key that opened the door"—I am quite sure it was not on the ground where he appeared to pick it up from, before he made that observation—the key has been filed, and it is broken.

COURT. Q. What, time did you get there on the Saturday? A. Between eight and nine o'clock—my attention had been so directed to the carpet that I am sure there had been no key lying there—the door opens inwards, but he produced this key from beyond the sweep of the door—I tried the key to the side door, and so did Thomas Chapple—it was rather hampered at first, but it did open it—Thomas Chapple took the lock off the door, and then the lock worked easily.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. What sort of a carpet was in the room? A. A dark one—I am certain I must have seen this key on the carpet—I looked round with a light in my hand, and the key is bright—I had been looking for half-an-hour—when this key was applied to the lock it did not open it at first, it did afterwards.





THOMAS POCOCK
 (police-sergeant F 13.) I went to the premises on the Monday, and on the 13th I went and took Thomas Chapple into custody—he informed me he had money in the wash-house—I asked where—he said, "Let me go with you and I will show you"—I allowed him to go, and under a stone which he pointed out I found seven sovereigns and a half—it was on some wet damp soil, but the sovereigns were quite bright and clean, they could not have been there many days—I took from him this bill—(read)—"Mr. Chapple to Thomas Payne. Repairing boots and shoes, &c. 2l. 18s. 11d. Paid, Thomas Payne. September 13th."—I found on him 1s. 6 1/2 d.—I had a crow-bar that was found there, but I have mislaid it at the office—the prisoners were discharged and re-apprehended—I have got the bunch of skeleton-keys that were found on the writing-table—I am satisfied that the marks on the red door had been made by the crow-bar—I tried one of the keys on this bunch to the drawer of Mr. Porter's writing-table, in which the keys of the iron-chest had been—it opened that drawer and some others as well.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. Thomas Chapple took you to where this money was? A. Yes—I asked him how he came to put it in such a curious place; he said, "I am obliged to hide my money about, because my wife is a drunkard"—the sovereigns looked bright and fresh—the

place was close by the drain—I cannot say how long the sovereigns had been there, but in my opinion not long—the crow-bar was a small one and it was jagged—the marks on the door were nearly opposite the lock.





ELIZABETH GUPPY
. I was in the service of Thomas Chapple and his wife, and assisted in the business of the house at Mr. Porter's. Thomas Chapple had two children—on the Thursday before the robbery I was in the kitchen down stairs with the children, and saw one of the children at one of the dresser drawers which Thomas Chapple used for keeping his papers in—the child picked a key out of the drawer—it was like one of the keys produced—Thomas Chapple was in the kitchen at the time, the child produced the key to him, and he said, "Put down that key"—the child put it back in the drawer—on the next day I went to the drawer myself to look for a bit of sealing wax, and I saw the key then in the drawer—I took it in my hand and looked at it, as it looked such a curious key, I had never seen one like it before—Thomas Chapple was then in the kitchen—I asked him what key that was—he said it belonged to Mr. Lee, up-stairs (a gentleman who had been a tenant of the chambers up-stairs, but who had left more than two years)—he said it was a little padlock key that had belonged to Mr. Lee—on the afternoon the robbery took place I was looking in that drawer for something, I forget what, and the key was not there then—I took every thing out of the drawer—on that afternoon I was in the front kitchen—there are two kitchen windows, and I could from thence see any body passing out of the doorway at Mr. Porter's—I saw the prisoner Charles King (whom I had seen once before) about half-past five o'clock, as near as I can recollect, coming down from the steps out of the passage—there are railings before the house, and the window gave me a command of the railings—he had a blue bag under his left arm—he went away very quickly—I saw him come down the steps—I could not see whether he had been inside the house, but while I was in the kitchen I heard footsteps in Mr. Porter's private room before I saw him—I had seen him once before in Lincoln's Inn-fields—I do not know exactly the day, nor how long before the robbery—I did not know his name at that time—I had been out walking with Thomas Chapple, and was going in when I saw King, and he whistled, at which Thomas Chapple nodded his head—that was all that passed—after this robbery I was taken to the prison by Mr. Collier, the officer, to see if I knew any person—I saw Charles King there, and selected him from a good many others—on Saturday morning, the day of the robbery, Thomas Chapple said he bad no money, but he should have some by and by, and I thought he was going to take one of the gentleman's books for some money—he said, could I lend him him half-a-crown—I said, "No," and I did not think Mrs. Chapple had any—he said, "Oh nonsense, Mr. Porter gave her a half-sovereign yesterday"—MRS. Chapple was present at the time—he put his band down her bosom, and took half-a-crown from her—she was tipsy at the time (she was in the habit of getting tipsy)—Thomas Chapple then went out—I think it was about half-past twelve or one o'clock—he staid out about three hours—when he came back I told him his face was very red—I do not know whether he had been drinking, but his face was very red indeed—I remember Mr. Porter's dinner time that day, and the alarm of the robbery, and I saw the state of the room—in the course of the same evening, after the robbery, the prisoner told me he was going to Dublin on the following Friday—on the Sunday evening as I was sitting in the kitchen with him he said he had some money under ground, and he

would show it me if I liked to see it—I said, "No," because I was afraid—I did not want to see it, because I knew it was not his own—at the time he told me, he had a book in his band—he was not reading it aloud, but muttering it to himself, and I said his countenance looked very frightful—it quite frightened me—he said it was only my fancy—this was about ten o'clock at night, as near as I can think—his wife was in the kitchen asleep at that time—she was not drunk every day—on the Monday morning, in consequence of what he had said to me, I looked in the wash-house, and saw one of the flag-stones bad been moved, but I did not take it up—in the afternoon of that Monday I was cleaning some knives in the wash-house, and Thomas Chapple was cleaning them with me—I told him I had had a dream—he said, "Oh do tell me what it was"—I said I dreamed that he had hid the money under that stone—I was near to the stone at that time, and put my foot upon it to show which stone I alluded to—he said, "Oh good God, is it so?"—(I bad not bad any such dream; I only did it to hear what he would say)—he asked me if I had looked under the stone—I said "No"—that was all that passed at that time about the stone—when we had done the knives be gave me a letter to put in the post—he said it was to his brother Charles—as I was going with it I looked at the direction—I saw it was to Charles Chapple, and it was Thomas Chapple's writing—when I returned from the post-office I asked who he sent it to—he asked if I had read the direction—I said "Yes"—he said he had sent it to his brother to fetch away the money what he had been hiding, as if the place was searched it would make him look suspicious—on the Tuesday afternoon I was in the wash-house by myself, and lifted up the stone, but Thomas Chapple was coming down the stairs, and I let the stone fall—he came into the wash-house, and said I was Very curious—I said, "You have sent away the money because you thought I should take some"—he said, "God forbid that I should think so"—on the Thursday following he said he was going to his brother Charles to fetch some money to pay his bills—he went out that evening—I do not know at what time, but be came back about three o'clock the next morning—I got out of bed to let him in—I said it was very late—he said it was not much more than one o'clock—I went to the clock to see the time, and found it to be three—I got him some cold tea—he was at that time in bed, and sat up to take the tea—he took up his pillow, and showed me a great many sovereigns, I should think ten or eleven, or there might be more—he said be bad been to his brother Charles to fetch them to pay his bills the next day, and I could have half-a-sovereign if I liked—I never saw so much money as that in his possession before—he owed me money for wages—I had asked him for my wages a good many times before that, and had not got it—he then told me I could have 10s. of it—he and his wife had been in the habit of pledging things before that, and I had pledged wearing apparel for them.

Q. Do you remember Thomas Chapple being first taken into custody? A. Yes, and he was discharged from Bow-street—I do not know in what month that was—after his discharge I met him accidentally in Tottenbam-court-road—he said, "You did not think I should be let out again"—he told me he had been discharged that day—on the Saturday following that day I saw him again in Brook-street, New-road, down in the kitchen where he lived—my sister went there to see Mrs. Chapple, and I went after her—on that occasion Thomas Chapple said that they were going to have a

grand dinner the next day—I have seen his brother Charles—I do not know when Charles was taken up, but I understood it was on a Sunday evening—Thomas Chapple came to my sister's lodging in Whittleburgh-street on a Monday—I do not know whether it was the Monday after that Saturday that I had seen him—I saw him at my sister's—he said his brother Charles was taken to prison for stealing a coat, and he (Thomas Chapple) was going into the country—he said he was going to meet Charles King in some fields, which he mentioned the name of, but I have forgotten it—he said he was to meet King to decide whether he was going into the country or not—he asked me to go with him to meet King, but I did not go—Thomas Chapple called at my sister's again about eleven o'clock that evening—I was gone to bed, but I got up to see him—he said he had seen Charles King, and King had told him he had better chance it—the prisoner Sophia is Thomas Chapple's sister—I asked him what Sophia had said—he told me that she said he had better stay—after this I accompanied him to a public-house in the Seven Dials—it might perhaps be a fortnight after—I did not go inside, I staid outside, as Thomas Chapple told me to do, as he said he wanted to see his sister Sophia—while I was waiting Thomas Chapple came out, and Charles King came out following him—I saw them speak together, but I did not hear what they said—Charles King then went into the public-house again, and Chapple came to me, and said, "Do you know who that is?" I said, "No"—he said, "Charles King"—I did not know him by the name of Charles King at that time—Chapple walked home with me—we went through Regent-street—he said he had had a letter from Dublin from his sister—he said he had written to his sister to send him some money to pay for a solicitor for his brother Charles—he did not say whether the letter he had received was an answer to his or not—as we were going up Regent-street we met Sophia Cox, with some other woman—Chapple called Cox aside, he spoke to her, and gave her the letter.

COURT. Q. When he talked of going to Dublin, did he say whether he was going alone? A. On the Sunday he said Mr. and Mrs. Mackie were going with him—I never saw those persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The house, from the steps of which you saw King come one day, is all let out in chambers? A. Yes, there are a great many different persons living there.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. For what purpose did you go before the Magistrate the first time? A. To hear Thomas Chapple examined—I was called as a witness—I do not know whether I was a witness for or against him—I think Mr. Steele called me, but I am not positive—Chapple's wife was given to drink, and he was obliged to prevent her having money or any valuable articles; even when he found she was possessed of some little silver, he was obliged to take it from her; I saw him do it on one occasion—MR. Porter told them if they wanted any money, to come to him, and he would give it them, and it was set down in the book—I had asked for my wages, and on the Thursday he said I could have half a sovereign, but he did not give it me—he had told me on the Sunday that he had hid money under ground, and on the Monday morning I went to look, and I saw a stone had been moved in the wash-house—I thought the money was under there, but I had not looked—I swear that I had not seen the money under there before I told the dream—I swear I do not know who put it there—I did not state all that I have now, on the first examination—I was sent away for a letter, and I did not state all I

knew then—I did on the second examination—I cannot tell how long I was at the first examination—I staid some time, and was examined by Mr. Clarkson as to all I knew touching the robbery—I lived servant about three years with Thomas Chapple, backwards and forwards—when I saw the man go down the steps, Thomas Chapple was not in the kitchen—I had seen him I think ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before—it was about half-past five o'clock—I cannot exactly say how long Thomas Chapple had been away from the kitchen.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you sure that King was the man who was leaving the steps? A. I am quite sure of that—I saw a blue bag under his arm—I was in the habit of attending the persons who occupied chambers there—MR. Turner who occupied chambers there, was in town on the 7th of September, as well as Mr. Porter, and I think Mr. Burton was, but I am not certain.

COURT. Q. Have you told us all that passed when Thomas Chapple told you that he had thoughts of going to Ireland? A. As near as I can recollect—he told me there was to be a grand dinner—I was not at any party of theirs—he never paid me my wages—he did not describe the coat his brother was taken for, nor say whose coat it was—I saw two or three other keys in the prisoner's drawer, besides the one I have described—I think one of them was the small key which is on this bunch, but I would not swear it.





JOHN PORTER

re-examined. I did not allow Thomas Chapple any thing for taking care of the chambers—there were other persons in the house—he got about 25s. a week in all.





CHARLES WIDDOWS
. I am clerk to Mr. Porter. On the Monday after the robbery, the 9th of September, I was at Mr. Gable's, the Red Cross Saloon, Bethnal-green, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening—Thomas Chapple came there to me—it was not by any appointment that I had made with him—he told me he had been sent to watch me, to observe whether I spoke to a person wearing a white hat—I told him I had no objection to being watched, as I was not ashamed of any place I went to—he told me that it being an unpleasant thing, he thought he had better tell me of it, and also that he had had a disguise given him. so that I should not know him—he then asked a description of the house, and an account of the situation where I resided, in case he should be asked questions, that he might not be at a loss—I gave him a description of where I resided, and after that he conversed with me further—he said he either had, or was about to speak to Mr. Sakey, (a person whom I know) to form a company of comedians, to go into the country—he said, "You know that I am rather uncomfortable at home from circumstances that you are aware of—I have saved some money, and I should like to go into the country, and I should not like to trust Sakey, unless I knew him"—he did not state any specific amount of money then—he asked if I had any objection to go with him—he did not mention what would be required for me—he said he should not mind putting down 20l., 25l., or 80l., to the same amount of Sakey's, and going to Liverpool—I said I did not care whether I went or not—a comedian was passing, of the name of Hodges, and he said, "Is it Liverpool you mean?"—Thomas Chapple said yes, and asked him if he would go—Hodges said he was a married man, and did not care to change his situation—when Thomas Chapple spoke to me about putting down the money, I wondered how he became possessed of

it, as four or five days before he had come to ask me to lend him two pence to get him some beer for his dinner, as he was stumped put—in consequence of what occurred on that day, and what he had said to me four or five days before, I considered it my duty to mention this to Mr. Porter, and did so on the Wednesday—a short period before the robbery I saw harles Chapple at Lincoln's-inn-fields—he came to see his brother, and I went with Thomas and Charles Chapple to a public-house on the further side of the fields leading to Clare-market—before we got to there, and after we left Mr. Porter's, we met with Charles King, who was waiting about—we all went to the public-house together.

COURT. Q. What time did you leave Mr. Porter's on the Saturday on which the robbery took place? A. As near as possible at twenty minutes past five o'clock—MR. Porter had no other clerk—my going out left the office adjoining Mr. Porter's private room empty—there is another room on that floor, at the back, which was used as a bed-room by Thomas Chapple and his wife.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. How long have you been clerk to Mr. Porter? A. About two years—I have been in Mr. Porter's private room when he was not there—I got in by Thomas Chapple's key—I never went in without Thomas Chapple or his wife opening the door and going in with me—I may have been in the room alone, but I do not remember it—I usually left the office about six o'clock, but I left that day about twenty minutes past five o'clock, as I had a summons to serve on a person in Token-house-yard, to attend on the Judge, and they closed at six o'clock—I wanted to be there before that time—I am still in Mr. Porter's service—if I wanted any papers from the private room I knew where to find them—I did not know that Mr. Porter had money in that room—I knew he had valuable property there, because a box of papers and plate was brought out of that room by Thomas Chapple, and put into my room, at the latter end of August, or the beginning of September, when Mr. Porter was out of town for a few days—I was given to understand that it contained plate, and I gave a receipt fur it.

Q. Will you undertake to swear that you did not know that there was money in that room? A. Upon my word I never gave it a thought—I know some solicitors keep a little tin box with cash in it, but whether Mr. Porter did I do not know—I have seen him take money from a little drawer by his side—I do not follow any other business—I have never been in any trouble—I swear I never stole a Macintosh—I saw Thomas Chapple every day at the office—I never sang at a concert, I am no singer—I do not know how Chapple came to ask me to go to form a theatrical party—I have belonged to a private dramatic society, and I have sometimes exhibited there.





GEORGE ROBERTS
. I live in Castle-street, Long-acre. On Thursday, the 12th of September, I was at the Archers public-house, in Newton-street Holborn—Thomas Chapple came to me there from two to half-past two o'clock, and we remained there together till very near four o'clock—(I had not at that time been charged with this robbery)—Thomas Chapple came up stairs to me as I was sitting smoking a cigar—he stated that he was very sorry to inform me, but he wished to act towards me as a friend, that I was suspected of the robbery, and that the officers would come and take me into custody on that evening—I had previously stated in conversation that I was going down into the country—he then advised me by all

means to get out of London as soon as I possibly could—he told me I was suspected on account of my calling at Mr. Porter's office on the morning of that Saturday—(I had called there to see Mr. Widdows)—he advised me to go into the country, that if they came after me they would be compelled to pay my expenses back again—I had a raffle at that house that night for a pair of trowsers, and he told me the officers would come there to take me while the raffle was going on, because they suspected that the trowsers were the trowsers stolen from Mr. Porter's—he described in what way the robbery was effected—he stated that they entered from the door in the passage; that they had opened the door with a key, which he described; that they were obliged to lift the key a little up before they could open the lock with it, and when they got in they went to a table in which was a drawer containing the keys of an iron safe, where the money deposited was stolen from—he said there was a pair of trowsers and a coat stolen, and that on the floor there were some skeleton keys found—he then wished me to go to Mr. Porter's, that Mr. Porter might examine me on the subject—when we came down he mentioned this to the landlady—(the land-lord was out)—he advised her not to have the raffle that night, on account of the officers coming after me, as it might get the landlord into trouble—he then stated the same particulars to her about the robbery as I have stated, and she advised me by all means to go with him to Mr. Porter's, which we started from that house to do—when we got to the corner of Parker-street, Little Queen-street, he said, "Stop a minute, we will go in here, into a public-house at the corner," and he said, "Pay for a pint of half-and-half, and I will pay you again by-and-by"—while we were in there he begged of me, if I knew; any thing of the robbery, to tell him, which, of course, I denied; and after that he stated that he wished to go into the country on a theatrical speculation, and wished me, Mr. and Mrs. Sakey, Mr. and Mrs. Mackie, Mr. Widdows, and himself, to be of the company, and, I think, a Miss Frazer, but I am not positive—he stated that he had 25l. or 30l. by him, but, of course, he should expect some of the others to put some down too—when I was paying for the half-and-half he said, "If you want ten shilling or a sovereign I can let you bare it to-morrow"—I then said, "We bad better now go to Mr. Porter's, or he may be out"—he said, "No, we had better not go till to-morrow morning"—we then returned to the Archera public-house, in Newton-street, Holborn—he then wished me to go with him at night to the Cock public-house, somewhere in that neighbourhood, but where I do not know, where he said he thought he could point out one of the parties that bad stolen the property from Mr. Porter's—he described him as being not a very tall man, but middling size, rather stout, dark whiskers, and wearing a white hat; saying he was certain he would be there that evening—I appointed to go with him; but, not liking to go alone, I made an appointment with a man named Farrel to go with me, but we did not go.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. What are you? A. An actor and a singer—I have known Widdows for four years—I have met him repeatedly, and we have been out together—the first of my acquaintance with him was meeting him in the boxes of the Shoreditch theatre—I was not then in the profession—I never joined in theatricals with him—I do not know that he was ever engaged in such a thing—he might have performed at a private place, but never engaged in a public place—I knew Thomas Chapple from going to the house to see Mr. Widdows—when I

went there I was in the back-office—I know a room adjoining the back office—I have been in it since the robbery, but I never saw the inside of it before.





JAMES BLACK
. On Saturday the 7th of September last my parents were living in Drummond-street, St. Pancras, and I was with them—I was then in the employ of William Wilks, a beer-shop keeper, in Harford-street, Fitzroy Market—I know Charles Chapple, the brother of Thomas Chappie, and I know Charles King. On the 7th of September, about seven o'clock in the evening, or a little after, Charles Chapple and Charles King came into Mr. Wilks's—Chapple had a blue bag with him—they first came into the public parlour, and then went with Mr. Wilks into a private room, where Chapple pulled out of the bag a pair of trowsers and an old coat—I was not in that room, but the door was open—he asked Mr. Wilks to purchase them—Wilks asked what he wanted for them—Chapple said, "What will you give?"—he said, "I will give half-a-crown for them," and Chapple said, "You shall have them, and as you bid so well, I have someelse for you"—Chapple then put his hand into his pocket, and pulled out what appeared to be a paper parcel, but what it contained I could not say—it was not very large—he could hold it in his hand, and his hand was shut—it was such a parcel as might have contained notes, and I heard the word "notes" mentioned, but who by I cannot say—Wilks told them to go and sit down, and he would see what he could do for them—he said he would go out and fetch some person, but he did not say who, nor what for—he then took off his apron and went out—he was gone three-quarters of an hour, and came back with two persons—Charles Chapple and Charles King were a that time in the public parlour, and they asked me to drink, Chapple addressed himself to me and said, "Our long talked of job is come off at last"—Charles King said, "Yes, to the tune of two or three hundred"—this was in the public parlour—Charles Chapple then said he should be a gentleman for a little while, he had got enough to keep him for two or three winters.

Q. Were either of the two persons who came back with Wilks known to you? A. They were not particularly known—I had seen one of them before once or twice—I know a person named Deaf Harry—he was in the parlour, but he was not one that came with Wilks—the conversation that I have related took place while Wilks was gone—when Wilks came back he beckoned to Charles Chapple and Charles King—they went into the private parlour with Wilks, and the two persons who returned with him, Deaf Harry, and another whom I do not know—the door was shut—they remained in the private parlour I should say about three-quarters of an hour, then came into the public parlour again, and Charles Chapple called for half-a-gallon of ale, which he paid for—I heard Charles King say to Charles Chapple, "Well, we have got two hundred and eighty," but whether he meant money for the notes or what, I do not know—Charles Chapple said it was Tom's job, but Thomas Chapple was not there—Charles Chapple told me in Charles King's presence that he had been down to Mr. Porter's, in Lincoln's Inn-fields that afternoon with Charles King—that he had done the robbery, and Charles King stood outside—during the evening Sophia Chapple, or Cox, came in with Henry Cox, with whom she was living—she walked towards Charles Chapple, who put his hand into his pocket, pulled out some gold, and gave it her—she then went away and left Henry Cox behind her—they then remained playing

at cards till about twelve o'clock—Henry Cox went away a very little while before the rest—I heard Charles Cox say he should like to go to Boulogne, and Charles King said "Yes, I should like to have a little journey into the country"—on Monday, the 9th of September, Charles Chapple, Henry Cox, and two or three other persons came into our beef shop about half-past two or three o'clock—they said they were going to dinner, and when they had been there about half-an-hour Sophia Cox came and called them to dinner—they all went away together—about half past seven o'clock there was a sing-song at our house—Charles Chapple, Charles King, Henry Cox, and a tallish young man, whose name I do not know, came there—they stopped till about half-part ten o'clock, when some person came and called Charles Chapple and Charles King out, and they went out—I had occasion to go out to get some tobacco, and when I came back I saw the person, outside who I believe was Thomas Chapple—they were all in conversation together outside—he said, "You had better take those things off, it will look very bad—besides it will get us transported for Mr. Porter's robbery"—both Charles Chapple and Charles King had watch-guards on, and they were the things that the person desired them to take off—on that Monday before the sing-song I met Henry Cox in Tottenham-court-road about half-past eleven o'clock—he had another person with him, and Cox said to me, "I suppose you have heard of Charley's job?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "It is a good one"—I did not make any answer—he said, "I suppose they will make it all right with you?"—I made no answer—he said, "Mind you don't split, or if you do, look out."

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Now attend, the words he made use of were, "It is a good one?" A. Yes—I am positive those were the words.

Q. Was not this what he said, "He hat done it up to some tune?" A. No—he said what I have stated—there might be more said, but I am swearing to the words I can answer for—he might use other words, but I cannot recollect them—it is some time ago—I have been a waiter and potman, but I am not in a situation at present—I left my last situation through letters sent out by the party's friends who are now here—I was informed so—I had been a fortnight or three weeks in Mr. Wilks's employment when this took place—there were ten or a dozen persons present at this conversation, when Charles Chapple and Charles King came there, and the conversation was about Mr. Porter's robbery—I had known Charles King at that time about four or five months—the last situation I had as potman was at Bagnigge Wells—that is two or three months ago—since then I have been carrying messages or parcels—I have not received money from any particular individual since—it is casual earnings I have lived on and assistance from friends—I have been looking out for a situation, and should have got one in the Bagnigge Wells-road, but they did not get the license—I was once taken up, but it was a mistake—I was never taken and charged with any thing when it was no mistake—I was never taken up but once in my life—I had a brother named John—I do not know where he is—I have totally lost sight of him—I never was in the employ of Collins and Pocock, nor in their pay, nor received any money from them, or from any body connected with this prosecution—I have been living on the casual chance of what I have earned, and been at home with my friends—my father has assisted me—I left him at home when I came here—I have been living with him since I was out of place.


Q. Who commenced the conversation in the public-house about the robbery? A. Charles Chapple, the prisoner, who is not here—he asked Wilks if he would buy the trowsers and coat—Wilks asked what he wanted for them—Charles Chapple said, "What will you give?" and Wilks said he would give half-a-crown—I do not know where Wilks is now—I left his employ on the following week—I was before a Magistrate for an assault—I forgot that when I said I was only taken up once—I cannot tell how long it is since—it may be four or five months—I got fined 10s.—it might be two months after I left Wilks that I went before the Magistrate—the conversation in the public-house was not loud enough for all the ten persons to hear—it was not confided to me, it was said to them—I do not know whether deaf Harry heard it—I do not know whether he is deaf—I should say he is called so because he is deaf—the conversation was addressed to the party at that end of the room—there were four or five there—I do not know how many there were that I knew, I did not take particular notice—none of them made any remark but Charles King—I do not know whether the party consisted of six persons—they were drinking together—I am sure Charles Chapple told me he committed the robbery, and that Charles King stood outside.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. How long have you known Thomas Chapple? A. Ten or twelve months—I first saw him at the Crown and Anchor public-house, in Regent's-park.





THOMAS JAMES
. In September last I lived in Little Cumming-street, Pentonville. On Thursday or Friday morning, the 13th or 14th of September, Charles King came to my house between eight and nine o'clock—I had a lodger named Lewis, who was an acquaintance of Charles King—I was at that time confined to my house with a broken bone—I remained in the room while Charles King and Lewis were breakfasting—they entered into conversation, and I heard Charles King, say to Lewis, "There is a 50l. chaunt for that job at Porter's, in Lincoln's Inn-fields"—I also heard, from a question that Lewis put to King, that they had sold some plate at Child's, in Goswell-street-road—I did not hear any more particular conversation about that—King came again on the Saturday morning, and said he did not know what he should do or where he should go to—Lewis advised him to go to Boulogne—King said he had to meet Chapple in the Dials, to arrange where to go to—I will not be exact about the Christian name he used, but it was Chapple—King left my house then—I saw him again on the following Tuesday, at this end of London-bridge; but on Monday, the 16th of September, a twopenny post letter came to Lewis, by the last post in the evening—Lewis asked me to read it to him—it was from Charles Chapple to Lewis—I read it to Lewis, and afterwards burned it—in consequence of what I observed in that letter, I went, for the purpose of apprehending Charles Chapple and Charles King on the Tuesday—on my arrival at London-bridge I saw Charles Chapple and Charles King—(I did not know Chapple at that time)—they were together—I do not know whether they came in a cab—they bad carpet bags, and were both dressed in Macintoshes—my lodger, Lewis, was with them—I gave information to the policeman on duty, but they escaped—there is no doubt but Lewis told them I was there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What are you? A. A shoe-maker—I have not worked at it for about eight months, and then I did not work in general at the business, but for my friends or children—I

have a small income derived from a relation—I do not keep a lodging-house—I never did, no more than one or two lodgers—there may have been three at times—I may have had two lodgers besides my father—there may be two or three of a family in one room, but there has been but one tenant—I have had a man and his wife and seven children.

Q. Had you known Charles King before? A. Never in my life—I had seen him once at my house on the day before I beard this conversation, but then only for a moment—he was a perfect stranger—he said this, at once before me and Lewis—he might have said it from Lewis being my lodger—I thought it was a curious subject—such a thing never happened to me in my life, before nor since—I was once secretary to a loan society—I was never charged with any thing—I have a little income by which I have supported myself and my wife since this prosecution, with my wife's work—I have received money from many people—I have received my own money, which I have coming in every month—I have not earned money by any calling or office—when I have lost a day's work in looking after the prisoner Charles King, Mr. Porter has though proper to pay me for it, bat I do not consider that earning.

COURT. Q. Have you been paid regularly by Mr. Porter? A. No—I could not tell how much I have received from him—I have not received 10l.—I may have received 5l.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. And you are here as a witness with 5l. of his money in your pocket? A. No, I have not—I have spent more than Mr. Porter gave me—I never made any charge upon him—I never received any thing for a day—it is a month ago, and more than that, since Mr. porter paid me any—I cannot tell when I first appeared before the Magistrate—I think it was on the 21st of March—it was on the 17th of September that I first took any step with regard to this robbery—it was not by the day that Mr. Porter paid me—he probably made me a present of a few shillings—I went with Mr. Porter to Gravesend on the day we lost the prisoners—I cannot say when I first received any money—it might be the latter end of September or October—I have not been working at any trade since 1833—I will not swear that I may not have had 8l. of Mr. Porter—I do not know whether I put it down in a book—I put down no money in a book that I received from Mr. Porter.

Q. Why did you swear you did not know whether you put it down? A. What has that to do with this robbery?—I never put them in a book, and I do not believe I have received 8l. from Mr. Porter—it has been 5s. or 6s. at a time—it is impossible for me to say how much—it has been a great many days during the last eight months.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You were employed by Mr. Porter to look after King? A. I was not employed, but I gave him information, and he thought proper to make me a remuneration—I was, on and off, for about six months looking after King—I went to Gravesend and other places—the largest sum I ever received was about three half-crowns, but not for one day.





JOHN PORTER
. re-examined. I did not know any thing whatever about Charles King till I received communication from Thomas James—I never paid him any money for evidence—he knew King, and he went down to Gravesend, which the officers knew—I gave him sometimes half-a-crown, and sometimes other sums, what I thought might be his outlay—perhaps, in all, about 7l.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you keep any book of it? A. I did at first—I am not aware that I have given money to any one else—I may have given Pocock, the officer, some silver to reimburse him—I gave him 5s. on one occasion—the officer came to me, and I took two half-crowns out of my pocket and gave him—he had incurred expenses—he went to search a house, and there was a cab to pay for—I may have given the other witnesses money to pay their expenses—I gave Selina Kemp 3s. or 4s.—I think Black had half-a-crown for his expenses—I think I paid Collier, as he had been put to expense—I do not recollect how much I gave him—I have not made up the account—I do not know that I put it on paper—I have not put the sums together—I could not tell how much I paid Collier—he went down to Reading, I think, and he wanted expenses.

COURT. Q. Have you given him 3l. or 4l.? A. Yes, more than that, should say 10l.—it was for reimbursing the expenses—I could not state the amount—I have been put to considerable expense.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. Will you state, as a man of honour, whether any of the witnesses, and which, if any, have a prospect of receiving money after this trial? A. None whatever; and what I have paid them, has, I believe, been much less than they have actually laid out.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long have you been in practice as a solicitor? A. Ten years—on my solemn oath, I have not furnished money to any witness for any thing more than for their expenses on my account, and their loss of time—I was very unwilling to let them have a farthing.





MARY JAMES
. On Saturday morning, the 14th of September, when Charles King came to my husband's house, I opened the door to him—Charles King was in company with Lewis, our lodger, and my husband—I did not remain in the room all the time with them—they went out—I went out to look for a lodging, and in the meantime they came back—it was between one and two o'clock—I told Charles King I had seen a lodging—he went with me to look at it—we did not see the lodging—the person was not at home, and Charles King declined seeing another lodging, saying his time was short, as he had to meet a friend of his in Seven Dials at five o'clock—he said he was sorry he had not procured one before, as he knew they were after him and another, for a robbery in Lincoln's Innfields.





SELINA KEMP
. I am in the service of a clergyman at Paddington—I know Henry Cox—Sophia Cox was living with him—Sophia Cox is a sister of Charles Chapple. On Monday, the 9th of September, Sophia Cox came to my lodging in Chapel-street, Tottenham-court-road, about three o'clock in the afternoon—she had a brown paper parcel with her—I asked what was in it—she said, "Some shirts for Charles Chapple"—we went out together to her lodging in Southampton-court—as we were going, she said Charles King and Charles Chapple had done the robbery on Saturday night—I remained at Sophia's lodging to tea, and then I left her—I saw her again a few days after, and then she told me that on the night the robbery was done, she was very badly off, and when she came home she began to scold Charles Chapple and Henry Cox, and Henry Cox said to her, "Hold your noise, here is a sovereign for you"—that Charles Chapple said, "Hold your noise, see what I have done—I have done it at last," and he held out his hand, and had something in it, but she did not see what it was—she said she told them, while she was cross and scolding them, that they were not half thieves enough—on the following Wednesday

I called on her again, and went to fetch something for her—I think that was on the 22nd of September—Thomas Chapple came in, and be and Sophia Cox both looked very much confuted—she said to him, "Will you have any thing to drink?"—he said, "Yes"—I went and got sixpenny-worth of gin—when I came in with it, Sophia Cox told me to go over to her father's to fetch her brother George—I went, and he came back with me—he went in, and I met Sophia Cox at the door—the did not seem to wish for my company, and I wished her good night—I saw that Henry Cox was in the room as I went away—from that time I did not hear any thing more about the robbery till Thomas Chapple was taken into custody, which was on the Friday after—after that Sophia Cox told me she had 5l. of the money—that Henry Cox had 5l., and that Charles Chapple and Charles King were gone to Dublin because they were frightened for fear they should be taken up—I was taken up about three weeks or a month after, when I was in Sophia Cox's apartment—Henry Cox was with me—I sent to my parents, and expressed a desire to say what I knew about the matter—while in custody I was in the same place where Sophia Cox was—when we were remanded, she told me not to say any thing, and she would give me two sovereigns—the said she hoped her father would get off, for Charles Chapple's money was hid on Mr. Semple's wharf—(I think he is a timber-merchant, I am not certain)—her father's name is Charles Chapple—he is the prisoner—the Charles Chapple I have been speaking of, is the son, who is not here—Sophia Cox said she wished they, (the policemen) had not taken the coat, as that was the coat that Charles Chapple had on when he did the robbery—she is not the wife of Henry Cox—she told me so—when I was in custody, and was brought up, Henry Cox used to tell me not to say any thing, and I should be sure to get off—Henry Cox and Sophia Cox were in bed together one morning when I was there, and a strange man came in—Henry Cox said to that man, "MRS. King has got Charles King's money, and I should like to go and take it from her, for I dare say it is somewhere about the house."

COURT. Q. What have you been in the habit of calling Mrs. Cox? A. I used to call her Sophy—I used to represent her to other people as Cox's wife when I spoke of her—she told me herself a good bit ago that she was not his wife, and her sister told me so likewise—I am now in service myself.

Q. How came you not to make any communication to your parents when you found the persons with whom you were intimate were a gang of thieves? A. Because my relations would not speak to me—they had turned their backs on me—I was not in service at that time.

Henry Cox. Q. Will you have the kindness to tell how it was you were first with us? A. Doing some needle-work that I never got paid for—I turned Sophia Cox's silk dress—I never walked the Quadrant in Regent-street till Sophia Cox's sister took me there—I was not ill when I first came to your place—I should not have been in trouble but for you.

Henry Cox. When she left us she took several articles of wearing apparel away from my wife, and she was afraid of being taken for them.

COURT. Q. You say Sophia Cox's sister took you into the street—what is her name? A. Eliza Chapple—she took me down the Quadrant first; but now my friends have enabled me to get a service, and I am living in service very comfortably—it was owing to my getting to those bad habits that my friends turned their backs on me.


Sophia Cox. You stole a bundle of things of mine, and you said you would do for me—you said you would not mind lying a month for me—I took you when you had robbed your lodging in Pitt-street, Tottenham-court-road—I let you stay a few days till you could get the money—you said you would send me out of the country, and owned you had got my things—you made the bonnet dirty, and sent it to be cleaned.

COURT. Q. Did you ever take a bundle of her things? A. No—she gave me a bundle; I did not steal it—I never lived in Pitt-street—I asked her one day to lend me a bonnet, and I dirtied it and sent it to be cleaned, and when she can pay for it she shall have it.





WILLIAM MAGRATH
. I live in Nelson-place, New-road, and am a plumber. I knew Mr. James of Little Cumming-street—I was there on the 12th or 13th of September, about four o'clock in the afternoon—I went into the front parlour to wait for James, and after I had waited a little time, Lewis, who lodged there, (I do not know his Christian, name,) I think it is William,) and Charles King came in—Charles King produced a watch and asked Lewis to wind it up for him—Lewis asked him what he had given for it—King said he had taken it out of pledge for 18s. or a pound, and he would have kept the gold watch, but Chapple made him sell it with the plate—I was looking through the parlour window, and thinking the conversation rather strange, I paid more attention than I should have done—Lewis asked King what were the amounts of the notes—King said, "Tens and hundreds," and that they had received between 200 and 300l. for them—I then turned round and said, "Gentlemen, you have got a good booty or prize, where did they come from?"—Charles King said, "From the lawyer's in the fields"—they did not stop above five or six minutes—James was at that time ill in bed—when the others were gone, he came down, and I told him the moment he came down—on the Tuesday following James came to me, and in consequence of what he told me, I went with him to London-bridge, to apprehend Charles King—I know the hotel at the foot of the bridge—after waiting some time I saw a cab drive to the foot of London-bridge, and just at the moment I saw King and another young man close to the cab, but I cannot say that I saw them get out of it—there is a way out of the hotel which leads to the water-side, and I lost sight of them—I afterwards went with Mr. James to Mr. Porter's to tell what I knew.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you known King before? A. I never saw him before—Lewis was in the room—I have been a plumber and glazier all my life—I lodged at James's about three years ago—I went there that day about some glass I had to repair for him—I had known Lewis before, but not Charles King.





WILLIAM LEIGH WOOD
 (City police-constable, No. 410.) I was on duty at London-bridge on the 17th of September—James and Magrath applied to me to take some persons into custody, but I searched, and found nobody—I saw a number of persons about, but none that I can identify, except the prisoner Charles King—I had seen him and another person pass in a very hurried manner, within two minutes of the time I was spoken to—they had carpet bags with them, and Macintoshes on, and were going towards the steamer.





GEORGE COLLIER
 (police-sergeant E 38.) On the 29th of September I went in company with Pocock to the lodging of Ann King, in Frederick-street, Portland-town—I believe she is the mother of Charles King—I

found her in the front parlour—I told her she was suspected of being concerned in Mr. Porter's robbery, at No. 22, Lincoln's Inn-fields—the said she knew nothing about it—I asked if she had got any money—she said, no, she had not got any—I asked when she had seen her son Charles last—she said, "About a fortnight ago"—I asked if she knew where he was—she said, "No"—I searched the room, and while I was doing so she walked to the door several times, and endeavoured to go out—I pulled her back, and told her I could not allow her to go out—I found no money nor property relating to Mr. Porter's robbery—I then asked if she had got any money about her—she said, "No, not a farthing"—I asked her to show me her pocket—she pulled out some papers—I said that would not do for me—I felt, and there was something hard—I told her to take her pocket off, and she gave it me—I found in it fifty-one sovereigns and 23s. in silver—I asked whose that was, and where she got it—she said, "From Eliza Plant," and at that moment Pocock, who had left the room, brought Eliza Plant in in custody—I told her that Mrs. King said she had received that money from her—Eliza Plant said, "Yes, I brought it up, and gave it her; I received it from Charles King"—I told Ann King I should take her on suspicion of the robbery—she said, "If right takes place, others will suffer for it as well as me"—(Plant cohabits with Charles King—I afterward caught them in bed in Nottingham-place, Seven-dials)—I went to Southampton-court, where I found Sophia Cox, Henry Cox, and Selina Kemp—I found a coat there, and in a drawer in the wash-hand stand I found a life-protector—I asked Henry Cox whose coat that was hanging behind the door—he said it was his—I said I should take it—Sophia Cox looked at me, was very much confused, and asked what I wanted to take that coat for—I said I thought I knew a person who had worn it on a certain day, and I should take it—I then took them to the station-house—on the 5th of October I went to Brook-street, New-road, where Charles Chapple lives—he was not at home, but came in directly—I asked if he had got any money—he put his hand into his pocket, and pulled out a bag, containing half-a-sovereign and 3s. 6d. in silver—I asked if that was all he had got; he said it was—I then searched him, and in his trowsers pocket I found five sovereigns wrapped in this piece of green baize—I asked him if they were his; he said, no, it was his master's, Mr. Semple, of Camden-town, and he had received it for a bill for him yesterday—(there is a Mr. Semple keeps a timber yard, and Charles Chapple worked there)—I said he must go with me to Mr. Semple's to know if he had received it for a bill for him—he then said, "Oh dear, it is no use telling a lie about it; I picked it up in the Park yesterday, I found it"—I said he must go with me on suspicion of being concerned in Mr. Porter's robbery—I put him into a cab, and he said, "I have been drawn into it"—I asked him when he had seen his son Charles—he said, "About a month ago"—I asked if he knew where he was—he said. "No"—I had been in search of Charles King ever since September, and took him on the 21st of February, in bed with Plant, at No. 21, Nottingham-place, Seven-dials—I told him to get up—he got his trowsers, and I said I should search them—he said, "No, I shall put them on"—I said, "It is no use"—I took them, and in the pocket was this bag, with four skeleton keys in it, which he put into my band—I looked about the room, and found a bundle of sixteen skeleton keys on the coals in the cupboard—I took Thomas Chapple in the same house where his father was, on the 21st of February.






SUSAN FROST
. I know Mrs. Ann King. In September last she was living in my house—Eliza Plant and Charles King were living together at my house—Ann King came to lodge with me on the 5th of September—Charlas King helped her to move in on that day.

T. CHAPPLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

C. KING—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.




Transported for Fifteen Years.

C. CHAPPLE, PLANT, A. KING, H. COX, S. COX—


NOT GUILTY
.

First Jury, Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

