



2084. 




HENRY GOODWIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of July, 2 quarts of gin, value 6s. 1 canister, value 4d.; and 1 penknife and case, value 8d.; the goods of 



Thomas Marshall, his master.


MR. BODKIN. conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS MARSHALL
. I keep the Parr's Head public-house, Islington, the prisoner was my pot-boy for about seven months; I had reason to complain of his getting tipsy. On Sunday, the 26th of July, when I came home from church, I found him in a state of intoxication, which induced me to send for a policeman—he was not able to do hit work, and I was obliged to get rid of him—on the following morning my niece made a communication to me, and I went up to the front attic, in which the prisoner slept with another man, named Sale—I saw the prisoner's box opened, and a canister found, which contained two quarts and a pint of gin, and a bung was in the top—I believe the canister to be mine, it is like one I missed—I also found a penknife and case, which were mine, and some tobacco—the gin resembles what I had a sample of—I had missed gin—there was a tin measure found, which I had never seen before—I do not claim that—the tobacco weighed an ounce and a half—I was present before the Magistrate the first time the prisoner was taken there—he said it was part of the remains of an ounce of tobacco that he had bought at a shop opposite the church, and he had smoked some part of it—I had tobacco of the same sort in my house.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. What kind of tobacco is it? A. Shag—it is quite common—I came home from church a little before one o'clock—I did not see the prisoner about eight o'clock in the morning, he was gone before I came down stairs—I never saw him till I returned from church—I breakfasted about nine o'clock—he was lying down drunk at six o'clock in the evening—I think he had had part of a pot of beer with some friends—I have no garden—my bar-maid's name is Elizabeth, I can not tell her surname—I believe a person was at my house last night, inquiring the name of my bar-maid—I cannot tell when she was engaged, it is about three months—I cannot tell whether she has ever received any letters.

Q. Do you know where the prisoner was between one and six o'clock in the evening? A. The greater part of the time on the settle asleep—I cannot say how early in the morning he was drunk—my bar was closed, if not locked, during church time—it is locked up with shutters at night—there are two doors to it, which are opened in the day—there are sliding shutters in two grooves, they form a passage—the shutters are sixteen or eighteen inches from the ceiling—there is an entrance from the bar-parlour to the bar—I lock the outer door of the bar, and take the key up stairs—there were no marks of violence on these shutters or doors—I kept three servants, altogether, the house-maid and bar-maid—this is the canister, it was quite full when I found it—I cannot tell what strength the gin in the canister was—the strong gin we buy is 22 degrees under proof—then we sweeten it—we are not obliged to put the strength of it on the cask.

Q. Is not this gin some degrees beyond the strength you usually sell

your gin? A. It is not below it—I cannot undertake to swear that it is the same strength as any gin I sold that Sunday—we have gin of different strength, according to the price—I sell British gin and hollands—we have it at 22 degrees, and the cordial gin at 17 degrees—this is the same strength as the cordial gin I sold on that Sunday—I can only go by the taste—I had a man in my house named Sale, but he is gone away—he applied to me for a bed, and I would not let him sleep there—I do not know whether it was Sunday night or not, but he was never in the house afterwards, he was not in the house when the prisoner came home drunk—it was most likely after this discovery that I told Sale he should not sleep there—he never slept in the room after Saturday night—I never saw him again till after the prisoner was in custody—I never saw him on the Sunday—I said he should not sleep there, because I thought probably there might be something wrong with Sale.

Q. Did you drink out of your stock? A. I should not suppose I sent out for what I drank—I have not taken account of what I and my family drank.

MR. BODKIN. Q. But allowing for what you took, you have missed gin? A. Yes—I desired Sale not to come there any more.





THOMAS WHITHERS
. (police-constable N 211.) The prisoner was given to me by the prosecutor for disorderly conduct—I saw the canister and gin found in the box, wrapped up in a cloth, at Hatton-garden—the prisoner said he had the gin made a present to him three years ago—I saw this case in his box, it contained a penknife—there was also a measure—I have seen the same sort of measures used in brickfields, to serve out gin.





SARAH MARSHALL
. I am the prosecutor's wife—this knife and case are mine—(looking at them)—I missed them about three months ago—I made very great inquiries about it in the house, in the hearing of the prisoner—he gave me no information about it—it was kept in the bar-parlour—I believe this canister to be ours—we had such a one and missed it—I find we are short of the quantity of gin we ought to have—the doors of the bar are locked at night, but there is an opportunity for a person getting over the partition to the bar.

Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner had no business in the bar? A. No, except to put his pots on the shelf—I cannot say exactly when I saw this canister last—it was not in use—it was kept under the bar-counter, with another—it was bought with the furniture of the house when we took it—in the inventory it is put down as an old tin tea-canister—there are no particular marks on it—there are four persons in our family—I do not take a great deal of spirits—I do not take a glass or two a day—I do not know the strength of the gin.





JOHN SALE
. I slept in a room with the prisoner—the prosecutor permitted me to do so out of charity—when this affair took place he would not allow me to sleep there any longer.

Cross-examined. Q. What was the last night you slept there? A. On the Saturday night—I went to sleep there on Monday evening, and he told me I should not—I had not got a situation then, but I have now—I was there a fortnight—I never got up with the prisoner in the middle of the night—I never missed him from my side.





REBECCA BOYCE
. I am the prosecutor's niece. It was part of my business to make the prisoner's bed—the morning after he was taken I

went to make his bed, and smelt a strong smell of liquor—I went and told my uncle, and then saw the things found in his box.

Cross-examined. Q. That was the first time you smelt gin? A. Yes—the box was open, and no key in it—Mr. Marshall never told me I must swear to that tin canister—he has asked me whether I knew it, and I said I did know it by seeing it on the shelf under the counter—I did not recollect at first—I had always made that bed before—we have a barmaid named Elizabeth—I do not know her surname—I was at home that Sunday morning—the prisoner was out the best part of the morning—I cannot say whether the bar was fastened all that time.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you know that man who has been suggesting questions to the Counsel? A. Yes; I saw him last night at my uncle's house insulting the customers.

MRS. MARSHALL. My bar-maid told me that a person had been to inquire her name, and she would not give it.

MR. BODKIN
to
T. WHITHERS. Q. Were you present when the prisoner was before the Magistrate? A. Yes—I heard the prisoner make a statement—I do not think it was taken down in writing—I know Mr. Greenwood's signature—this I believe to be his—(read)—"The prisoner says a young man named John Knott, a pot-man, who lived at Paddington, and was in the habit of selling gin in the brickfields, that he laid in his gin one Saturday night, and died on Sunday afterwards; he gave me the gin and a bottle of brandy. The box had not been locked."




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
