




887. 




GEORGE SMITH
 and 




PHILIP REEVES
, were indicted for

 stealing, at 

St. Brides, 1 50l, 2 10l notes, and 3 sovereigns, the monies of 



William John Baynham, in his dwelling-house.






WILLIAM JOHN BAYNHAM.
. I am a coffee-house keeper, and live in Popping-court, Fleet-street, in the parish of St. Bride's—it is my dwelling-house. On the 12th of Nov. the prisoners came to my house, and took a lodging for the night on the first floor—they passed as brothers, but the name of William and Philip Reeve, and next day they took the third-floor room by the week—Reeve

had obtained work the following Monday, as a gas-fitters, opposite the post-office—they remained with me tell the 26th of Nov.—I expected them to return to dinner that day—they did not, and at about twelve o'clock in the day I discovered that a trunk on the second floor had been opened, and a cash-box which was in it also—I had locked them previously—I had placed the cashbox there about seven o'clock evening before—I missed from it a 50l. note, No. 2242, and dated 8th Oct., 1846; two 10l. notes, Nos. 21623 and 21624, dated 4th Nov., 1846; several sovereign, and some silver—I had obtained five 10l notes, and the 50l. note the day before, at the London and Westminster Bank—I saw no more of the prisoners till the 3rd of March, when I met them in Great George-street, Westminster—they saw me, and ran in different direction—I followed—Smith was stopped by a policeman in Old Palace-yard—I afterwards was sent for, and saw him at the fleet station-house—he said to me, "Do not you wish you had your money?"—he said he knew where the 50l. note was; that he had placed it in the pendulum of a clock in the kitchen at Mr. Parker's, a pudler, at Tipton-hill Top, near Wolverhampton—he said that voluntarily—he said he hoped I should be lenient to him—I said it would be known that he said it was in the clock—he was quite sober when he said this—the trunk had been opened by a false key, and the cash-box was forced open—I went to Wolverhampton—there were so many people of the name of Parker there that we could not trace them, but found the 50l. note had been changed at Mr. Halford's, ajeweller's, at Wolverhamton—we have traced it to the bank.

Prisoner Reeve. Q.Did anybody else sleep there that night? A.No—several came there to breakfast—a pane of glass was put in the window of another room several days before, not of this room.





JOSEPH OCKLEY
 (police-constable A 153.) On the 3rd of March, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I was on duty at the house of Commons—Mr. Baynham pointed out Smith to me in Palace-yard—I pursued and found him in a coal-wharf in Abingdon-street—I said, "I went you"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "A person charges you with robbing him"—he said, "Who is it; how can he prove I have robbed him?"—I said, "He is up in the street; let us go and hear what he has to say"—when he came into the street he saw Mr. Baynham, and said, "How can you prove I have robbed you?"—Mr. Baynham made some answer—I took Smith to the station, searched him, and found 8l. on him—I afterwards took him to Fleet-street station—coming towards the City, he said, "I have seen something about this in the newspapers; we owed him some money while we were with him, and that is the reason he has charged as with stealing the money, I suppose"—I said I should have to mention what he said to me—he said nothing more till he got to the station—he there said to Mr. Baynham, "Would not you like to get your money again, old fellow?"

Prisoner Smith. I had not sober; I was very sick at the first station.

Witness. He was sober, and was not at all sick—he might have been sick after I left him—he was about an hour and a half at the first station.





EDWIN AUGUSTUS BUSHILL.
I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce a 50l. note, No. 2242, dated 8th Oct., 1846, paid into the Bank on the 10th, by Williams and Co., bankers.

MR. BAYNHAM
re-examined. I obtained the number of the note the folliowing day, at the London and Westminster Bank—I did not have it before, WILLIUM ASTLE. I am a clerk in the London and Westminster Bank, This 50l. note produced I find I paid on the 25th of Nov., with some 10l. notes, To the prosecutor—two of the 10l. notes were Nos. 21643, and 21644.






STEPHEN SAUNDERS
 (City police-constable, No.  55.) On the 3rd of March I was station-serjeant at the Fleet-street-station—Smith was brought there, and requested me to send for Mr. Baynham, as he said he could tell him where the 50l note was—Mr. Baynham came in the evening, I went into the cell with him—the prisoner asked him whether he would like to have the 50l note again—he said, "Yes"—the prisoner said he could tell him where it was—I cautioned him that anything he said would be taken down and used against him—he then said the 50l note was in the pendulum of a clock at Mr. Parker's a puddler, at Tipton-hill top, about six miles from Wolverhampton—that it was in the kitchen, and was an old-fashioned double-cased clock, and the note was placed in the hollow of the pendulum—I afterwards went to Smith, and told him the note had been paid into the Bank—he said it was Impossible, for no one but him knew where it was—Mr. Baynham went to Wolverhampton.

Prisoner Smith. I was rather fresh. Witness He was not, but was perfectly sober when he came to the station—this was about eight o'clock.

MR. BAYNHAM
re-examined. I went to Wolverhamoton—I did not go to Parker, at Tipton-hill top—I had a communication with the chief-constable there—he traced the note to a jeweller's, who had cashed it—we could not trace it further.





EPHRAIM SAMUEL JOSEPH.
 I am apprentice to Mr. Moseley, a watchmaker and jeweller, of High-street, Southampton, Hampshire. On the 28th of Nov., in the evening, the prisoner Reeves came to the shop, and asked to look at a gold watch—I showed him one at 13l—he bought it at 12l 10s, and tendered a 50l Bank note—I did not take the number of it, but know the one produced to be it, because I wrote on the back of it, "Philip Hughes, White Horse, Brighton, staying at the White Hart, Southampton"—I asked him his name again and he said, "Philip Reeves," and corrected himself directly, saying, "Hughes I mean"—I fetched a neighbour to the shop, who asked him to write his name on the back—he took a pen, and wrote "Philep," them put the pen down, said he was nervous, and could not write—he said the note belonged to his father—we told him to get his father to write his name on the note—he said he would do so, went away with the note, and never returned—I know nothing of this "Hughst" on the note—he only wrote "Philep"in our shop.

prisoner Reeves. I never saw him before, and never was at Southampton.





DANIEL OLIVER.
 I am in the employment of Mr. Mason, a jeweler, of High-street Colchester. On the 2nd of Dec. I was in the employment of Mr. Holford, of High-green, Wolverhampton—on that day a man and woman came into the shop for some wedding rings—I sold one for 12s—I believe Reeves to be the man, but should not like to swear to him—a Bank note was tendered—I did not know the value of it till I took it to Fryer's Bank, and got it changed, writing my employer's name on the back—this "G. Holford, 2nd Dec., 1846" is my writing (looking at the 50l. note)—I am certain this is the note.

Prisoner Reeves. I never saw the man in my life.

GEORGE HOLFORD. I live at High-green, Wolverhampton. On the 2nd of Dec. Oliver applied to me to change a note—I sent him to the banker's for the Change—I went into the shop, and saw an elderly woman and a man, whom I believe to be Reeves—that is the very strong impression on my mind—I sold them a wedding ring and brooch—I thought they were going to be married— —the woman was about ten years older than him—I was not aware it was a 50l note—when Oliver returned he sold the woman another brooch, which

was paid for out of the note—I was then aware that it was a 50l note—I live about six miles from Tipton-hill—I do not know Parker—a puddler is a worker at the iron works.





MR. BAYNH AM

re-examined. I had an anonymous letter from Wolverhampton, evidently not written in a natural hand—it was not many days after the prisoner had said the note was in the pendulum—on the morning of the robbery both prisoners went out—it was only usual for the one who was in work to go, but the other went, saying he expected to find work with his brother.

Smith's Defence. We ran away from Mr. Baynham's because we owed him a few shilling for lodgings, and had no means of paying him.

Reeve's Defence. On the day I left Baynham's I went to Birmingham with my wife.





GEORGE HOLDFORD

re-examined. Birmingham is fourteen miles from Wolverhampton—a railway goes through both places.

SMITH—


GUILTY. Aged 23.

REEVES—


GUILTY. Aged 27.





Transported for Fifteen Years.

