



1216. 




THOMAS REDDY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Askew, about the hour of three in the night of the 
17th of April, in 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 coats, value 2l. 10s.; 1 half-sovereign, 3 shillings, 9 groats, 36 pence, and 24 halfpence; his property.






JOHN ASKEW
. I am a draper, and live at No. 110, Blackman-street, in the parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark. I left my coat hanging in the counting-house at ten o'clock on Thursday night, the 17th of April—there was a letter in the pocket—the coat and letter now produced are what I left there—I was not the last up that night, nor the first up the next morning—I looked at the skylight over the counting-house the next morning, and part of the frame of it was broken—they had first broken a square, and opened a small light, and then opened the skylight, and got in—I missed the coat which had the letter in it.





JOHN BROWN
. I am shopman to the prosecutor. I saw the skylight safe on the night of the 17th of April at ten o'clock—I was the last person in the shop—I locked the shop, and all was safe—there was a half-sovereign, three shillings, nine groats, thirty-six pence, and twenty-four bal£ pence in the till—I awoke in the morning about six o'clock, and went down a few minutes after—I then found the skylight broken—they had entered the shop, and taken the money from the till, and I missed two coats from the counting-house—all the drawers in the counting-house had been broken open, and the papers were all about the floor.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were there many things stolen? A. Only the coats and money.






CHARLES CHAMBERS
 (City police-constable, No. 523.) I was on duty in Lime-street at half-past five o'clock on the morning of the 18th of April—I saw the prisoner in company with another man—I saw the prisoner had a coat on which was too large for him—the other man ran away—I went and took the prisoner—I asked him where he got that coat—he said he bought it four or five months ago in Petticoat-lane—I took him to the station—the inspector found this letter in the pocket of the coat—this is the coat he had on.





STEPHEN MARTIN
 (police-constable M 98.) I saw the prisoner about ten minutes past one o'clock in the morning on the 18th of April—he passed me—he had not this coat on then, and was going towards the prosecutor's house.




GUILTY
.— Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

