




141. 




ELIZABETH LANGLEY
 and 




ELIZA HERBERT
 were indicted 

I for stealing 1 hat, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, 2s.; and 10 shillings, the property of 



William Cooper, from his person: and that Herbert had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM COOPER
. I live in Cromer-street, New-road. At half-past ten o'clock at night, on the 23rd of Nov., I met two females, but not the prisoners—I went with them to the Crown, and had a quartern of gin—there I met the two prisoners, and we all went to the Tom and Jerry shop, and had I a pot of ale—we then all went to No. 10, Church-court—I, and my partner, and all the women went together up stairs—I sat on the bedstead, and as I was rather intoxicated, I went off to sleep—when I awoke there were two policemen in the room—I had lost 10s., and my hat and handkerchief.





WILLIAM LOVE
. I am a friend of the prosecutor's. I accompanied him, the prisoner, and two other persons—the prosecutor was drunk—he sat on

the bed—the prisoners and the other two left—I locked the door, and when the prosecutor had lain there about an hour, I took off my coat, and was going to lie down by his side—a shilling fell out of my pocket, and that seemed to arouse the company in the other room—the room door was burst open, after I had locked it—the two prisoners came in, and three fellows stood at the room door, and said they would kill me if I said a word—the prisoners I went up to the prosecutor, and laid on the bed with him—I saw them rob him—they took his handkerchief, and the money was in it, in his pocket—I cannot say which of the prisoners took it—one of the men threatened my life if I said a word—after they had quitted the room I went down to get a police man, and I was thrown on my head into the passage by a lot of fellows—I got out, and got two policemen—I was sober—I had been with the prosecutor from about half-past nine till about twelve.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What did you have at the public-house? A. Rum and ale—I had been absent sometime—the prosecutor I would go home with them, and I went to leave my watch and boots at another place—I could not take the prosecutor home, for I could not rule him at all—I was obliged to go with him and. the four women to the house, as I wished to see him righted—we went there aboot a quarter-past twelve—I did not want to go with either of the women—I said before that the man threatened to kill me, and that was pitched down on my head in the passage—I saw something black taken, but which took it, I cannot say, because my eyes were more fixed on the men—I saw it across the room, and then I recognized that it must have been the hat—the prisoners laid down by the prosecutor's side—I think I mentioned about the hat before—this is my writing to this deposition.
(Read—"I bolted the door, and just as I was about to lie down the door flew open; the two prisoners ran in and laid down on the bed by the side at the prosecutor; I saw them take a handkerchief from his pocket, in which his money was wrapped; three men stood at the door; one of them threatened to punch my head if I said anything.")

Q. Now here is not a word about the men threatening to kill you, or any body taking the hat, or your being pitched down in the passage? A. No, but it was so—I am a bricklayer, and worked for Mr. Whatmore—I have never seen the handkerchief, or hat, or money since—one of the prisoners was not taken till the Sunday night, in the same house.





THOMAS FISH
 (police-sergeant E 42.) I produce a certificate of Herbert's former conviction by the name of Eliza Smith—(read—Convicted 12th Dec., 1842, and confined two years)—the prisoner is the person.

LANGLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Eighteen Months.


HERBERT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

