




1460. 




JAMES PRIOR
 was indicted

 for stealing 24 spoons, value 3l. 5s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 15s.; 1 cream-jug, 5l.; 18 forks, 18s.; 1 locket, 10s.; 2 rings, 1l.; 3 seals, 1l.; 1 snuff-box, 2s.; the goods of 



George Raynor Howard, in the dwelling-house of 



Philip Daniels
: and 




ELIZABETH ROSE
 for 

feloniously receiving 6 spoons, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 1 ring, and 1 cream-jug, part of the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.






GEORGE RAYNOR HOWARD
. On the 18th or 19th of May I left in the care of Mr. Daniels, of No. 347, Oxford-street, a trunk, containing twenty-four spoons and other articles—they are not all here—what are here are mine—I returned to town on the 25th of June—I examined my trunk, and the articles were all gone.


Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. When did you tee the property last? A. About the 18th or 19th of May—I closed the trunk the morning I left, and saw everything was perfectly safe.





PHILIP DANIELS
. I keep an eating-house in Oxford-street—this property was left in my care—Prior was in my service as porter—he had access to the room where this trunk was—I found the trunk broken open.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had Prior been in your service? A. From the 4th of May till about the 24th, when he was discharged—he told me he came from Mr. Jackson.





MARY ANN FOSTER
. The prisoner Rose lodged with me—Prior was in the habit of visiting her as an acquaintance—on Sunday, the 24th of May, he brought a parcel to her, and she showed me the contents—there was half-a-dozen tea-spoons, a pair of sugar-tongs, and creams-jug—she told me Prior had brought them for her—that a gentleman had left his carpet-bag at Prior's master's, and she had got the bag and its contents—I saw Prior show this ring to my son and another young man—Rose afterwards said she should put the ring and the other articles together and pledge them—she asked me what I thought she should get for them—I told her I was not a judge—I am sure Prior brought the parcel—I saw him with a handkerchief.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you get your living? A. By needle-work, and I take a lodger to sleep with me—I have only a floor—I saw Prior bring a parcel about twelve o'clock on Sunday, the 24th of May—that was not the first time I had seen him after Rose had lodged there—I saw spoons and other things—I looked at them attentively, and I have not the least doubt these are the articles—I noticed the initials on them, G. R. H., and on the ring, G. H.





CHARLES FOSTER
. I am the witness's son; I am a French-polisher, and live it No. 131, Drury-lane. I am acquainted with both the prisoners—on Sunday, May 31st, I called on them in Compton-st., Clerkenwell—I told Prior he must be very careful what he was about—he asked what I meant—I said, Concerning the property which Rose wanted my mother to go with her to pledge"—I asked him what things he had taken—he said there was a silver cream-pot, a pair of sugar-tongs, half-a-dozen tea-spoons, and a gold ring—he said there was G. R. H. on the silver, and G. H. on the ring—I asked where he got them—he said from Mr. Daniels', the Pantheon dining-rooms, m Oxford-street, in which place he had lately lived—I asked how he got them out—he said in his dirty linen—he said he had wrenched the back hinges off a box that had been left in Mr. Daniels' care, but we found when dent to Mr. Daniel's that the top of the lock had been wrenched off—Rose had been out, but she returned during part of this conversation—the aid, yes, it was all right, they had tumbled over a good booty, it would be a good lift for them.

Cross-examined. Q. You went to Mr. Daniels'? A. Yes, I think on the 11th of June, after I had acquainted the policeman—it was on the 31st of May I knew this, and I acquainted the policeman—I considered if I kept a thing of that description on my mind, I should be more to blame than the thief—I was sorry afterwards that I heard it—I had heard from my mother that such things had been in the prisoner's possession, and I wished to know if it was true—I went to the prisoner's lodging on the Tuesday, to carry a box for Rose, and I was invited to go on Sunday, the 31st—on the Tuesday, when I came back from carrying the box, my mother wanted to know where it was gone to—I would not tell her, and she said if I did not tell her, she would find out, as there had been such things there.

Rose. He came to ask if we could put anything in his way, but not to let

his mother know, as she would transport anybody for 5s., and take a false oath. Witness. No, I did not.





WILLIAM ROWLAND DANIELS
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker, in Old-street. I have the milk-pot, the sugar-tongs, the spoons, and the gold ring, they were pawned by Rose, I believe, on the 25th of May, for 3l. 10s.; and on the 27th of May 10s. more was lent on them.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the person before A. No—the name on the duplicate is Rose.

Rose's Defence. I never pawned that plate; I never received it from anybody to pawn.
(Mr. Cook, a coach-builder, of Wilmot-street, Brunswick-square, gave Prior a good character.)

PRIOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

ROSE—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.





Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
