




2766. 




EDMUND BRIGLAND
 and 



JOSEPH DEARMAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of October, 4 fishing-nets, value 5l., the goods of 



George Henry Garthwaite, in a vessel upon the 
navigable river Thames; and that Brigland had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE HENRY GARTHWAITE
. On the 4th of October I had four nets on board my boat, the Perseverance, lying off the Greenwich College Wharf—they were safe at six o'clock in the evening—I missed them at nine the

next morning—I have seen them since—these now produced are them—they are all I have got to depend on for my living—there are plenty of marks in them that I know them by.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You know both the prisoners? A. Yes—Dearman has been in England's employ—Dearman keeps a small beer-shop.





JOHN GARTHWAITE
. I am a fisherman. I made my son a present of the whole of these nets—I pat the corks and the leads on, and can swear to the size of the mesh.

England. Q. You are aware eighteen months ago I sold you a net of the same mesh, ropes and all about it? Witness. He sold me a net, but the ropes were never completed—he was a servant to me twelve years ago—the nets he sold had no corks or leads to them.





JOHN BUSAIN
. I am a police-inspector. On the 6th of October I went to the water-side, and saw two nets hanging up on the yard of a boat at Wandsworth. eleven or twelve miles from Greenwich—I staid there to see who took them down—about half-past four o'clock I saw Dearman come on board, lower the nets down, and put them under the half-deck of the boat—I met him, and said I wanted to go on board his boat—he went with me—I said, "Where are the nets you lowered down?"—he said, "Here they are"—I said, "You must remain here"—I sent, and the witnesses came down and identified them—I told them to proceed with the search, and in the locker we found the remains of two other nets, which had no leads on—Dearman said he knew nothing of them, he had been working for a man named Brigland, at Greenwich, and he got the nets from him; that he had got permission from Brigland to bring the boat up to Wandsworth, and Brigland told him, when he got to Wandsworth he was to hang them up to dry—by order of the Magistrate I took him down to Greenwich, and gave information to the police there, and Lovell took Brigland into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you make inquiries about Dearman? A. No—I have found that Dearman's account of himself was correct—Brigland lives at Greenwich—Dearman keeps the Bird-in-hand beer-shop at Wandsworth—I should think him a man weak in intellect, and easily persuaded to do wrong—I understand him to be a fisherman.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
 (police-sergeant R 15.) I went to Brigland's house, in Oliver-court, Deptford—I saw Brigland—I asked him where his mate, "Old Joe" was (which is the name Dearman goes by)—he said he was gone to Wandsworth, to get a fresh license—I asked when he went—he said, "Yesterday, about twelve"—I said, "How did he go?"—he said, "In my boat"—I said, "Was any thing in the boat?"—he said, "Yes, four or five fishing-nets"—I asked whose they were—he said "Mine"—I said, "Where did you buy them?"—he said, "I did not buy them at all, Joe and I made them between us, down the river"—I was going up the street, and he called to another fisherman, and said, "Jem, you know our nets are different to yours; mine have no leads, and hardly any corks, for I fish in the mud, and you don't."





GEORGE BUCKHURST
. I produce a certificate of Brigland's former conviction, which I got from the clerk of the peace for Kent—(read)— the prisoner is the person.

BRIGLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DEARMANM—


NOT GUILTY
.


Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

