



179. 




FRANCES PAYNE
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 shawl, value 1l.; 1 parasol, 3s.; 1 pair of gloves, 2s. 6d.; and 1 handkerchief, 1s.; the goods of 



Mary Medwin; and that she had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY MEDWIN
. I am a widow, and live in Miller's-lane, Vauxhall—the prisoner came to lodge with me on the 15th of July, and remained till the 25th, when she went away between eight and half-past eight o'clock in the morning—she did not give me the slightest information that she was going, and I had not received a farthing of rent from her—I did not see her go out—on that day I missed a black satin shawl, a parasol, a pair of new black silk gloves, and a handkerchief—I had seen them safe about half-past seven o'clock the same morning, and, to the best of my belief, they were on the dining-table in the front parlour—the prisoner hired a bed-room of me, but she had the use of the front parlour occasionally—I am sure I did not give her authority to meddle with these things in any way—I have not seen any of them since, but they were seen the day after she left.

Prisoner. The evening before we were up all night; it was Vauxhall night, and we all went out to walk, except her mother; I left that morning I at nine o'clock, to go into the City, and she shook hands at the door with me; I left a lodger there, and I told him I was going into the City; I had the shawl on; she had lent it me two days previous.

Witness. I had not lent her the shawl—I did not shake hands with her—I had not been up all night—she took me to Mr. Jones, who, she said, was her agent and money-collector—she represented herself as a person of great property—I saw her in conversation with Mr. Jones—she took me into the Court of Chancery, where she said she had a suit—some man met her there—she said she went to Mr. Jones's the night before, and his clerk accompanied her home.





SAMUEL WATKINS
. I live in Miller's-lane, Vauxhall. On Friday morning, the 25th of July, I saw the prisoner at Mrs. Medwin's house—on the following morning I saw her again in Leicester-street, Leicester-square—I observed she had a parasol and a satin shawl belonging to Mrs. Medwin—I believe she had the gloves and the pocket handkerchief, but I could not

swear to them; I could to the shawl and parasol—she said, "Halloo, Watkins, I am glad to see you," and she told me, if I would go to Mr. Jones's, she would satisfy me that she had stopped there all night—I went there—she introduced me to the clerk—there were two or three entrances to the premises, which I was not aware of—she told me to wait—I waited two or three minutes; I then turned round, and she was gone—I inquired, but I could not find anything of her—I knew the parasol, because I gave it to Mrs. Medwin myself, and I had burnt a hole in it with a cigar—I saw that hole in it; and the prisoner made the remark to me, "I hope Mrs. Medwin is not angry at my taking her things."

Prisoner. On the same morning we all breakfasted together, and you went across the square and had rum with me; I had gin and water. Wittness. Not a drain—I saw her with a man in the square, and as soon as she saw me she left him.





HENRY JONES
. I had been at home once or twice when the prisoner called—I do not know whether I was at home when she called with Mr. Watkins—she had come to us in the afternoon before, and we could not get rid of her—she stopped till a certain hour, and then was obliged to go—I never allow strangers to stop all night—she imposed on me—she said she came to me by Mr. South's direction, to sell some property, and she got, acquainted with my wife.

Prisoner. All I have stated is fact; I am not guilty.





CHARLES REVELL
 (police-constable L 175.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from the Clerk of the Peace of Surrey—(read—Convicted the 8th of July, 1844, and confined twelve months, the last twenty-one days solitary)—she is the same person—there were many persons came forward against her.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years. (See the next Case.)
