





1254. 




WILLIAM WALKER,



 WILLIAM WILSON
, and 




JAMES CARTER
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of March, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 



James Pearce, from his person; and that Walker had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES PEARCE
. I am a fruiterer, and live in Tottenham-court-road. About seven o'clock on the 4th of March I was in Covent-garden—I received information,

felt my coat, put my hand into my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone—it was crimson silk, with a white border.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Had you seen it safe about a quarter of an hour before? A. About five minutes, and had used it.





JOHN SLADE
. Between seven and eight o'clock on the 11th of March, I was in Russell-street—I there saw Johnson taking Walker and Wilson to the station—I saw Walker chuck a crimson silk handkerchief underneath a cart—an old man picked it up, and went away with it.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. How far were you from them? A. I was close behind them, on the same side of the way—Johnson had hold of Wilton and Walker by the back of the neck—he was in the middle of them—the handkerchief was thrown by his side—Walker was inside—he threw it with his left hand as he was crossing the road at Bow-street, 300 or 400 yards from the Piazzas—there were other persons looking on, and they could have seen it thrown as well as me—I was first spoken to on this subject on the 11th of March, by Moore—I did not see him at the time Johnson was going with Walker and Wilson—I did not see Carter or Welch—I saw the handkerchief in Walker's hand before he threw it away.





THOMAS WELCH
. I saw Johnson, the beadle, with Walker and Wilson—Walker had a crimson handkerchief in his left hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Were you standing at the end of Russell-street? A. No, by the coffee-house in Russell-street—Walker passed me with the handkerchief wrapped up in his left hand—I could see it clear enough—there were not many persons about—I did not see Moore at that time—I think Walker went four doors with the handkerchief in his hand—I was first spoken to about this on Saturday the 11th of March, by Moore—I did not say anything to him before he spoke to me.





RICHARD MOORE
. I live in Little Russe-street, Covent-garden. About seven o'clock on the 11th of March, I saw the prisoners in company—I suspected them, and watched them half an hour—they were walking and talking together—Wilson went behind the back of the prosecutor, put his hand into his left hand coat pocket, stepped two or three paces back, and then Walker went up to the prosecutor, and put his hand into his right hand coat pocket—there was something drawn at that time, but what I could not see—it appeared to me a handkerchief—I followed them down the north side of the market, and saw something pass between Walker and Wilson—I went and apprehended Carter, another officer took Walker and Wilson—I afterwards saw the prosecutor—he said he had lost his handkerchief.

Cross-examined by
MR. CROUCH. Q. Is Covent-garden very crowded in the morning? A. Not so much so now as some parts of the year, but there are, groups of people about.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Had you seen Johnson about at that time? A. We were together—we are beadles—I took Carter four or five yards from the others—I ran to Bow-street, and my brother officer came after me.





FREDERICK JOHN JOHNSON
. I am a beadle. I watched the prisoners—I saw Wilson go to the prosecutor's pocket, and put his hand into his left hand coat pocket—he stepped back, then Walker went and put his hand into his right hand coat pocket, and took something—they walked on a-head—Carter was standing with Walker when Wilson went up, and he was with Wilson when Walker went up—they went up the north row, and I took Walker and Wilson to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. How far were you from Moore? A. We were close together, in company—Walker asked what I took him for—I

said I would not tell him then, but I would at the station—I charged him with attempting to pick pockets—I did not say anything about drawing something out, because I was not asked that question—I had no knowledge of anything being lost for half an hour—I had seen something taken, but I did not know what—I might be ten yards from them—I was behind them, as nearly as possible—I am sure I saw something in Walker's hand—it looked fall—he put his hand in front of him, and went on—I did not hear of Slade till half an hour after this—he is a porter in the market—Moore told me Slade knew something about it, previous to going to the Magistrate—I said I should want him—Walker and Wilson walked twenty or twenty-five yards, during which time he had an opportunity to throw something away—I met no policemen—I did not see a handkerchief in Walker's hand—I had my eye more on Wilson—we passed several carts—Russell-street is generally lined with carts—I heard nothing of the handkerchief being thrown away for half an hour—Wilson was inside, by the wall, and Walker was on the outside, on my right—they did not offer to run away—I knew Mr. Pearce, by attending the market, but did not know his name—I have been an officer thirteen or fourteen years—I did not call to Mr. Pearce, it was done too instantaneously.

Cross-examined by
MR. CROUCH. Q. Did you know Wilson previously? A. I have known him frequenting the market as a costermonger—I never knew any harm of him—I have not seen him with a cart.





GEORGE GEORGE
. I produce a certificate of Walker's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

WALKER,—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


WILSON,—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—



Confined Three Months.


CARTER*,—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Twelve Months.

