




2006. 




MICHAEL JOSEPH LYONS
 and 




HENRY JONES
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of. 




Joseph Johnson, about the hour of four in the night of the 
14th of May, at Bermondsey, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 gown, value 3s.; 1 curtain, value 1s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s. 6d.; 2 scarfs, value 3s; 1 night-gown, value 18d.; 1 shawl, value 7s; 1 1/2 yard of calico, value 1s.; 1 bottle, value 6d.; 4 medals, value 3d.; 6 pieces of copper coin, value 2d.; 1 half-crown, and 2 pence; his property.






LOUISA JOHNSON
. I am the wife of Joseph Johnson, who is a linen-draper's shopman; our house is No. 5, Riley-street, in the parish of Bermondsey, I believe. On Wednesday morning last, between three and four by my clock, I was disturbed by the fall of a box in my room—I got up a little alter four, and found my room in confusion—most of the things were in the passage outside the door—the passage was strewed with trifling things.—the street-door

was open—it had been safe at ten at night—I missed a mahogany box off the table, but found it in the room—its contents were gone—I missed a dark shawl, which hung up behind the room-door, and half-a-crown and two pence off the mantel-piece—the things altogether are worth 10s. or 12s.—I have recovered them all.

Lyons. Q. Did you see see anybody in your house when you awoke? A. No—none of the persons in the house were up when I arose, and no person in the house, I believe, would wrong me of anything—I have got four lodgers—I am sure they did not take the bundle out and leave it any where—there was nobody awake in the house—all their doors were locked, and I awoke them and disturbed them.





WILLIAM NOAKES
 (police-constable M 104.) I tried the doors in Riley-street, to see if they were safe that night—No. 5 was safe—about a quarter past three o'clock I saw the two prisoners together within about a hundred yards from No. 5, going in a direction from the house—I was near enough to hear them—I could not hear what they said, but I beard they were speaking—I saw them together again, about a quarter before four, by Bermondsey New-town, about two hundred yards off—I had missed them from about a quarter-past three till then—I apprehended Lyons about two hundred yards further off, in Great George-street—Jones made his escape—he walked at first, and then ran towards the railroad—I called out, and the night-sergeant followed him—on taking Lyons to the station I found this shawl wrapped round his loins, buttoned inside his trowsers; the piece of calico in his hat; this bottle and calico in his right-hand coat-pocket; these two silk scarfs, and this handkerchief, in the front part of his trowsers, concealed, and this gown in the seat of his smallclothes.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time was it that you pushed the door to ascertain that it was safe? "A. Somewhere about two o'clock, I cannot say to half an hour—I cannot say whether it was a quarter before ox after—I saw the prisoners about a quarter-past three, and again about a quarter before four, or not quite so much.

Lyons. Q. Was I sober or tipsy? A. You appeared to have been drinking, but you were sober—in going to the station you told me you would show me what you had got—a pint of brandy was found on you in a bladder—I did not know you had anything more till I came to search you—when I took you to the station I did not know you had got anything belonging to the people in Riley-street—I did not tell you, going to the station, that you had these things—I said you had some things.





WILLIAM CASY
. I am a police-sergeant. At the instance of Oakes I pursued Jones—I followed him about a quarter of a mile—he ran the whole way—I saw William Smith also in pursuit of him—I called him to assist—he joined in the pursuit.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am a policeman. I ran after Jones about thirty yards—he found I was close to him, and sat down on a step—I took him to the station, searched him, and found this gown wrapped round his loins, inside his trowsers; I also found on him a bed-curtain and this handkerchief in his left-hand jacket-pocket, half-a-crown and two penny-pieces and a few topper coins, a mould, and some other things belonging to the little boy, which were emptied out of the box.

MRS. JOHNSON
re-examined. These things are all ray property, and what I lost from a small glass box—they were taken out of my bed-room while I was asleep—I do not lock my door of a night, on account of being deaf, I am so afraid of fire.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.


Cross-examined. Q. What time did you go to bed that night? A. About a quarter-past ten o'clock—my lodgers have keys to get in, but there was none out after I went to bed—I had not been into the lodgers' rooms just before I went to bed—I had shut the room-door when I went to bed—the street-door was locked.

Lyons's Defence, I had been at Foots ray, and coming home at night I went into a public-house, and met this young man. I stopped there till about half-past two, or very near three o'clock. I then left, and came towards home; Jones came part of the way with me, I being in liquor; when we came within about My yards of this place, Jones went behind a heap of rubbish for a certain purpose, he called me, and said," Look, here is a bundle." I went, he opened it, and it contained these things; he said, "It is a wrong time to walk through the streets with these, we had better put them out of sight some where; "so we put them up in this way; he said, "You had better come home to my place and sleep, as you are in liquor;" another thing was brought against us at the station; the sergeant found a blunderbuss under the rail-road, but a man came and owned it; now if I had picked that up, I should have been blamed for that also.

LYONS—



GUILTY
. Aged 22.
JONES-

GUILTY. Aged 26.




Transported for ten years

