



2678. 




LEWIS LEVY
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Nicholas Wrenalds, on the 
24th of August, at 
St. John Clerkenwell, and stealing therein 74 yards of woollen cloth, value 5., his goods.






NICHOLAS WRENALDS
. I am a tailor, and live at No. 64, Red lion street, in the parish of St. John, Clerkenwell—it is my dwelling-house—I know the prisoner, and have had dealings with him. On Wednesday, the 24th of August, he came to my house—I was up stairs lying down—about ten minutes past two o'clock there was a ring at the door—my wife went to the door, and she said it was him—in about twenty minutes after I found that seventy-four yards of woollen cloth, worth about 45l., were gone from my house, also a sheet of brown paper, and a cutting-board—I went in search of the prisoner, and found him at the Three Compasses, in Cow cross

—I have not found any of my property—when he was charged he said be was innocent, and was surprised that I should charge him with it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You have known him some yean? A. Yes—I have purchased of him, and sold clothes, and exchanged them—I should not have done that if I had not thought him an honest man—it was about half-past two o'clock when my wife communicated this loss to me—it was within five minutes of that time.





HARRIET JANB WRENALDS
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 24th of August the prisoner rang at the bell, about ten minutes past two o'clock, and I answered the door—he asked if my husband was at home—I said "No"—he said, when would he be in?—I said it was uncertain—he said, "Tell him I will call in an hour, and tell him to wait to see me"—he then went away, and I shut the door—the outer door does not shut, it stands open—there is an inner door in the centre of the passage, which opens with a small key—that was shut when the prisoner was gone—this cloth was in a room directly opposite that inner door as you go along the passage, and there is another door to the room—I went down again about twenty minutes past two, and closed the door of that room, but I did not lock it—I then saw the cloth safe—the prisoner had frequently been in that room on former occasions, and knew it perfectly well—I came down stain again in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and found the doors all open, and the cloth was gone—there was a piece of brown, two pieces of black, and one of blue—when the prisoner was there, he said he would call again a little after three—he did not call again.

Cross-examined. Q. He was to call, I believe, to part with some macintoshes? A. He did not say what he wanted—my husband is in the habit of dealing with him for articles of that description—I told my husband when the prisoner called, and he looked at his watch, and it was ten minutes past two o'clock—the cloth was safe at twenty minutes past two, when I shut the door—Mr. Yarnold's daughter, who works for my husband, was the first person who gave me information about the prisoner—I did not tell her that I suspected him, nor that he had been there—my husband did not see Yarnold till he was fetched to recognize the prisoner.





PHILIP YARNOLD
. I am a tailor, and live in Merlin's-place, Clerkenwell. About half-past two o'clock, on the 24th of August, I was passing through St. John's-square, which is near to Red Lion-street—I saw three men conveying large bundles of cloth—two of them I could see were cloth—I could not see what was inclosed in the other bundle—the prisoner was one Of the men, and he was carrying a brown bundle of cloth—I was surprised to see cloth conveyed in that manner—I have not the least doubt about his being one of the three men—they were coming in a direction from Red Lion-street.

Cross-examined. Q. To whom did you give information? A. My daughter called at Mr. Wrenald's—I should not know the other two persons—I had never seen the prisoner before-, to my knowledge; and I only saw him then as he was passing through the square—he being the centre man, came as near to me as possible—I was standing at the corner, waiting for their passing.





JOSEPH COVINTON
. I am a clock-case maker, and live in Red Lion-street. At half-past two o'clock, on the 24th of August, I saw the prisoner, with two other persons, carrying a large quantity of black and dark

brown cloth—they appeared to be coming from Red Lion-street-in the middle of Albermarle-street is a public-house—the prisoner ordered the other men to put down the cloth and get some beer, while he went for a cab—he went away in the direction of a cab.


Cross-examined. Q. Where did you see them? A. In Albermarle. street, St. John's-square, it was half-past two o'clock, as near as I could possibly guess, by the distance I had walked from home—it was about 100 yards from Red Lion-street.





ANDREW BOYESON
 (police-sergeant G 19) I took the prisoner—he said he knew nothing of it, and accounted for his time during that afternoon by saying he had been at the Flying Horse, in Cutler-street; and from the time he was at Mr. Wrenald's, which was two o'clock, he had been in Cutler-street and in Rosemary-lane.





HENRY REDMAN
 (police-constable G 224.) I heard the prisoner state that he was in company with George Allen the whole of the day, and the parties must be mistaken.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure that Allen was the name of the person he mentioned? A. Yes.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






ROBERT WILCOX
. I am a cotton-dealer, and live at the White Hone, in Middlesex-street, Whitechapel—I have three apartments in the house—I have heard of this robbery of the cloth, and the day on which it was com. mitted—I remember the day—I was at home that day, and saw the prisoner about half-past two o'clock—I am certain it was within a minute under or over that time—two o'clock is my dinner-hour—my dinner was not ready, and I was obliged to stop at home—there is a clock in the house, right opposite the door—I can see it at any time—the prisoner stopped with me on the step of the door for two or three minutes—he frequently calls to ask me how I do—I have known him twenty years—he had something with him which appeared like a macintosh—I was at the police-office when the prisoner was examined, but not on this case, I was there accidentally—I spoke to the prosecutor, and told him he was mistaken.

COURT. Q. How long have you been at the White Horse? A. Above nineteen years—not living there wholly, but my business has been there all that time—I have been living there eighteen months—I have dealt with different Scotch houses for cotton—with Duff of Paisley, and others—I have sold to Mr. Spencer, in Holborn, a mattrass-maker and upholsterer—I think I sold him some cotton about six months ago—I sold two or three tons of cotton to the Southampton railway about three months ago, for cleaning their machinery—I sold thirty-five cwt. to Mr. Seaward, of Limehouse, an engineer, about three weeks or a month ago—I bought it of Mr. Dennis Good, of Glasgow—I did not state this to the Magistrate—I was not asked—there was nobody called on the prisoner's behalf at all—I have known him twenty years.

Q. Well, you were waiting for your dinner this day? A. Yes—I was in the passage—I some—times dine in the bar-parlour with the landlord—his name is Brampton—I did not dine with him that day—I dined up stairs, in my own apartment—I dine where I choose—it is just as it happens; if the landlord has got any thing that suits my appetite I dine with him, and sometimes I dine up stairs—my daughter is bar-maid there—my dinner hour is two o'clock, but I was waiting for dinner that day—my wife brought it up stairs, and cooked it—I stopped for it—it was about

half-past two when I saw the prisoner, and after that I went up to dinner, in about four or five minutes—not having had my dinner is not the only circumstance which induces me to say it was half-past two when I saw the prisoner—it was thirty-five minutes, or two or three and thirty minutes after two when I saw him—I would not swear what colour his coat was—he was on the step of the door first, and I came down to him—I have seen him sometimes two or three times a week, or more or less—be did live with his parents, in Middlesex-street, but on the 24th of August he was living where his wife is living now, in Cowcross-street—I know it was the 24th of August, because Mr. Wrenalds came down to me the same night to state about this property being lost—be asked if I had seen Mr. Levy.





NICHOLAS WRENALDS

re-examined. Q. Did the prisoner send you to this witness? A. When I received the information I went to the prisoner's father-in-law, and said I had received information that was his son-in-law—he said it could not be so, he would go down and do what he conldto find him—he took me to his father and mother, and this witness—we asked if he had been down there—they said he had in the afternoon—I do not recollect that they said at what time—they said he had been there most of the afternoon, and then we went back, and found him sitting in the parlour of the Three Compasses—I knew be usually, spent his evenings there.





CHRISTOPHER BRAMPTON
. I keep the White Horse in Middlesex-street. Wilcox lodges with me—I think I have a perfect knowledge of seeing the prisoner on the 24th of August—he inquired for Mr. Wilcox, between two and three o'clock, and Mr. Wilcox went down outside to him—I have kept that house two years.





JOHN PAYNE
. I live in Whitecross-street, St. Luke's—I am a boot and shoemaker—I have lived there nearly seven yean, and in the same street more than thirty years. I knew the prisoner when he was ten years of age—I have not known him exactly from that time till now—I have bought goods of him in the lane—I remember the day he was taken—I bad seen him that day, I think, between two and three o'clock, in Petticoat-lane—I purchased two pairs of boots and two pairs of shoes of him—that is a very little way from the White Horse—after that I went with him to the Gun and Star—I had a penny-worth of rum, and he had half-a-pint of beer—that is the mode of doing business there—"You must give so much, and stand a drop"—when I came out of the Gun and Star, I left the prisoner going towards Cutler-street—I afterwards heard he was in custody. COURT. Q. How long have you dealt in Petticoat-lane? A. More than thirty years—I never bought any thing of the prisoner only in Petticoat-lane—I recollect him perfectly well that day—I cannot exactly tell how he wag dressed—he had some macintoshes on his arm—I cannot say what colour they were, as they are not in my way of business—I was not to look at what coat he had on—he was alone when I purchased the boots and shoes of him—I did not see any other man with him—I am well aware it was near three o'clock, as I had an appointment—I immediately went home to Whitecross-street—I had to go to Paddington, to meet a person, at half-past four, and I thought I should be too late to meet the other party.





CHARLES SMITH
. I live at No. 206, Shoreditch, opposite the Eastern Aunties Railway. I have known the prisoner about two years—I remember

the day on which he was taken into custody—I heard of it after I got home at night—I had seen him that day in Houndsditch, about ten minutes before three o'clock—we drank together—I got home before four, and I dare say it was about three-quarters of an hour before I got home that I had seen him.





MART CORDWELL
. I am a widow, and keep a pawnbroker's shop in Exmouth-street. On the 24th of August, some cloth was brought to me by a tall stout man—he was alone in the box, and there were two persons outside—there was one piece of black cloth, one of brown, and one a mixture, pepper-and-salt, I believe—there was about ten yards of it the person who brought it wanted 3l. 10s. for it—I offered 3l. on it—the prisoner was not one of the persons who came—I attended at Hatton-garden, and said he was not the man—the person who brought the cloth was much like Nesbit, the officer at Hat ton-garden.





JOSEPH LEWIS
. I am a police-inspector. It would take a man from fifteen to twenty minutes, to go from Red Lion-street to Petticoat-lane in a cab—the distance is better than a mile, it may be a mile and a half.





PHILIP YARNOLD

re-examined. The person was dressed in black, as the prisoner is now—I could not tell whether it was a frock coat or a lapelled coat, because the cloth was under the arm—I have not the least doubt about it being the prisoner.
(Alfred Smith, a beer-seller, in Turnmill-street; James Philpot, a hat manufacturer, in Cutler-street; William Lee, a cooper, in Goulston-street; and Hart, a fishmonger, in Artillery-passage; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.
