



2529. 




ESTHER HOWELL
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of July, at 


St. Marylebone, 27 yards of lace, value 10l., the goods of 



William Turner Hayward, in his dwelling-house.


MR. ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.





FREDERICK SAUNDERS
. I am assistant to William Turner Hayward—he is a lace dealer, and lives at No. 81, Oxford-street—it is his dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone—the prisoner was in the habit of coming to my master's shop for lace, for the last nine or twelve months—it was customary to put the box of lace before her when she came—she came on the 13th of July—in consequence of suspicion I had counted twenty-two pieces of lace, and put them in the box—she took her seat at the counter—there were only these twenty-two pieces in the box, which was put before her, but there were three pieces of lace of a different description, about a yard from this—while she was looking at the lace I went into the warehouse, and brought back another piece of lace to her—she had then decided on one of the pieces in the box, and said, she intended to take a part of that which she had in her hand—I examined the pieces of lace in the box as well as I could, and found there were only nineteen—I called to Biddle who was in the shop—I afterwards saw four pieces of lace on the floor, close by where the prisoner had been sitting—I am perfectly able to say that they were in the box—they are worth about 10l. 16s., or 10l. cost price.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You took her before the Magistrate on the 13th of July, and she was discharged, was not she? A. Yes—when she was in custody on the other charge I came again, and brought another witness—we did not know before that Mr. Biddle's evidence would be wanted—we had tried to find the prisoner, but could not—she said she lived in Denmark-street, but they denied her there—we taken went to Vincent-terrace, Islington, but could not find her—she may have had credit for 5s. or 6s. at our house.

COURT. Q. When you looked, you say there were nineteen pieces, How many had there been at first? A. Twenty-two, and I put one more, which made twenty-three.





DANIEL BIDDLE
. I am shopman to Mr. Hayward. On the 13th of July I saw the prisoner at the shop—my attention was called to her by Mr. Saunders—I went over and stood by her side—Mr. Saunders accused her of having stolen some lace—she replied, "I am an honest woman; you know me very well; I have visited this shop some time as a customer"—I felt something fall down—I looked at my feet, and saw these four pieces of lace.

COURT. Q. How near was the prisoner at the time? A. She was sitting

on a chair, with her hand placed on the counter, and I was stand by her elbow.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you kept these pieces ever since, distinct from others? A. Yes; I put then in a piece of paper into a drawer, and locked them up.





PRISCILLA COOPER
. I am assistant in Mr. Hayward's shop. I saw the prisoner in his shop on the 13th of July—Mr. Biddle was by her side—Mr. Saunders accused her of taking four pieces of lace, and I saw four pieces drop from under her shawl—Mr. Saunders was on the other side of the counter—I was behind the other counter, on the other side of the shop, about three yards from her.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.
