



607. 




JOHN THOMPSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of Jan., 6 sheep, value 12l., the property of 



William Matthews.—2nd Count, for killing the sheep, with intent to steal the carcases.






WILLIAM MATTHEWS
. I am a publican and farmer, and live at Whetstone, On Wednesday morning, the 18th of Jan., between nine and ten, I saw my sheep in a field, called Alms-house-field—I had nine there—I went next morning, about the same time, and six were gone—I went to Smithfield on the Saturday, and found the skins, which I knew by the mark—I can swear to three of the skins which are here—I never saw the prisoner, till he was in custody.





BENJAMIN MATTHEWS
. I heard of the loss of these sheep, and gave information to the police—I went to Newgate-market, and found six carcases at

Mr. Payne's, with the skins—I produce the skins—I brought a policeman, and took the prisoner in Mr. Payne's shop.





JOSEPH PAYNE
. I live in Newgate-market. On Friday, the 20th of Jan. these six carcases and skins were brought to my shop to be told on commission by a Mr. Price and the prisoner—they arrived at my place about one o'clock—I never saw the prisoner before.

Prisoner. Q. Did I speak to you? A. You brought tbo sheep—Price represented you as the farmer belonging to them, and wanted me to purchase them—I would not—he wanted me to lend some money on them—I said no, I would not, I would sell them—this was in the prisoner's presence—he said nothing when Price said he was the farmer.





WILLIAM SHALLCROSS
. I am a porter of Newgate-market. Between eleven and twelve o'clock on Friday the prisoner and Price came to me—Price said, "Friend, are you a porter in Newgate-market?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "My friend and me have got six sheep, six skins, and six fats, which he has brought out of the country; they are slaughtered next to Mr. Venable's slaughter-house"—I went with them, and helped to carry them—the prisoner was with me, and represented himself as tht owner, he and his friend.

Prisoner. Q. Did I say I was the owner? A. Yes.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

