



1088. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of March, 1 coat, value 1l., the goods of 



Edward Hoare: and 1 coat, value 2l., the goods of 



Bransby William Powys; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH SAWYER
 I am servant to Mr. Bransby William Powys, a solicitor, in Guildford-street. About seven o'clock, on the evening of the 18th of March, the prisoner knocked at the door—I answered it—he asked for a pair of trowsers to be repaired, and not knowing him, I asked where he came from—he said, "From Mr. Wilson's"—I asked him to come on the mat, while I went up to my master, leaving him there—I came down soon after—he was gone, and I missed two coats from the passage—I ran turned the comer of Everett-street, and saw him running with the coats, which he dropped after I called, "Stop thief"—he was stopped, and brought back—these are the two coats—(looking at them)—they were safe when the prisoner came—one of them belongs to Mr. Edward Hoare, who lives in the house, and the other to my master.

Prisoner. Q. What was I dressed in? A. The same clothes you have now—I can swear to your waistcoat and handkerchief—when you were brought back I was lying down, fainting—I can swear to you because I saw you running with the coats, and you dropped them, and you were brought back—the coats were in the house then, because I picked them up when you dropped them.





JOHN TERRY
. I am a plasterer. I was in Everett-street, Russell-square, and saw the prisoner running with something, which I took to be cloaks or coats—I heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I followed him—he threw the coats in the kennel—I followed—he was taken at the corner of Coram-street, by a policeman—I did not lose sight of him till he was taken.





MICHAEL JACKSON
 (police-constable E 131.) I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running—I took him back to Mr. Powys's, the servant knew him directly.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not take me, and let me go? A. Yes, I let you go, and ran after another person, but I suspected you were the man all the time; your crying "Stop thief" made me think it was the other, but I took you again in two minutes—there was no one running before you.





WILLIM CROMPTON SEVER
 (police-constable B 113.) I produce a certificate of the conviction of John Williams, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person who was tried by that name.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
