




2019. 




ELIZABETH RICHES
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 2d.; 2 half-crowns; 2 shillings; and 1 farthing, the monies of 



James Sarsfield, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES SARSFIELD
. I am a dyer. On the 22nd of Sept., between twelve and one o'clock in the morning I met a female in Whitechapel-road, who I believe was the prisoner—I was only with her a few minutes—I lost a purse containing two half-crowns, two shillings, and one farthing—this is my purse, I am quite certain—the prisoner put her hand round me, and asked me to go home with her—I declined—she walked a few yards—I had occasion to stop, and she went away.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear to me? A. I believe you are the person—I had been drinking a little, but was not drunk—I did not speak to you when you first came up to me—I met you between the hospital and the church—you were not many minutes in my company—you did not walk with me many yards—you left me not far from a public-house—I cannot say what you had in your right hand—I did not ask you where you were going—I was not agreeable for you to walk with me—you laid hold of me, and put your arms round me—I could not exactly get away from you—I am not aware that I gave you any thing in going along—I am sure I did not give you any coppers—I cannot swear you took my purse, but I can swear the purse the officer produced was mine.





EDWARD WIGLEY
 (police-constable H 141.) At a quarter before one o'clock that morning, the prisoner and the prosecutor passed me in Whitechapel-road—the prisoner had got her arm round his waist—she left him, and I went and asked if he had lost anything—he said, "No"—I said, "Your left-pocket is turned inside out"—he then said he had lost a leather purse with one metal ring and one steel ring, two half-crowns and two shillings in it—I went and took the prisoner about 200 yards off—she had got the purse and silver in her hand, and 7d. in her other hand—she said she picked the purse up.

Prisoner. Q. Did I have it concealed? A. No, you had it in your hand—you kicked, and was very violent—you dropped the purse on the flags, with the silver.





JAMES SARSFIELD
. This is my purse.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in Whitechapel, and this man was very tipsy; he asked me where I was going; I said, "After some gin;" he said, "I want some beer, not gin; I have been drinking gin all the night;" he allowed me to take his arm, and we walked some distance, but could not get any beer; I then turned back, and had not gone far when I picked up the purse; the policeman came and said, "What have you got in your hand?" I said, "That is what I have got," and I gave it to him; in going along to the station, the prosecutor fell down, and the policeman picked him up; he did not want to go to the station; he only wanted his money.





WILLIAM CROKER
 (police-constable H 70.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted 28th Jan. 1845, and confined six months, six weeks solitary)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

