




1722. 




SARAH MARLBOROUGH
 and 



THOMAS MARLBOROUGH

were indicted 

for stealing 2 table-cloths, value 10s.; 2 shifts, 6s.; 1 pet-ticoat, 1s.; 1 dressing-gown, 3s.; 1 sheet, 6s.; 2 shirts, 10s.; 1 table-cover, 5s.; 1 pinafore, 6d.; 1 ring, 1l.; 10 printed books, 4l. 15s.; and 1 spoon, 4s.; the goods of 



James Hart; and that Sarah Maryborough had been before convicted of felony.







JAMES HURT
. I placed the two prisoners in a house of mine at Dalston, in Hackney parish, to take care of it—I missed something, and went to the house—I then missed some other things—I took an officer and went to the house where the prisoners were lodging, and there found a number of duplicates which led me to the pawnbroker's, where I found my property—some of these articles I can swear to, and the rest I believe are mine—I can swear to this ring and this book.





JOHN JAMES BURGESS
. I produce some of those things—I can swear some of them were pawned by Mary Marlborough, and, to the best of my belief, they were all pawned by her.





JAMES YOUNG
., I am a pawnbroker—I have a blanket, a spoon, and a gold ring, pawned by Sarah Marlborough.





HENRY PHILLIPS
. I have a petticoat and a shift, pawned by a female in the name of Marlborough.





WILLIAM HODSON
 (police-constable N 194.) I took Thomas Marlbo-rough into custody—he took me to his lodging, and said he knew his wife had some duplicates—I found the duplicates of the articles produced at the lodging.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I believe the woman said she pawned the things, and her husband knew nothing about it? A. Tea.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
 (police-sergeant R 15.) I produce a certificate of Sarah Marlborough's former conviction which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted on the 17th of June, 1839, and confined nine months)—the prisoner is the person.

SARAH MARLBOROUGH—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.


THOMAS MARLBOROUGH—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
