



1172. 




GEORGE JOHNSON



, stealing 35lbs. weight of horsehair, value 20s.; the goods of 




Sir John Rennie, Knight, and another, in a vessel, &c: having been before convicted.







GEORGE BROOKS
 I am ship-keeper on board the Queen, belonging to Sir John Rennie and another. On the night of Monday, 16th April, I was going on board, and found one of the ports had been opened; the glass was broken and had fallen inside, and the companion was broken—I went in at the cabin window and found the back of the cushions had been cut open, and nearly 40lbs. of horsehair taken away—it was safe on Saturday afternoon—I had not been there on Sunday—I had left the vessel in charge of a watchman—I have seen the prisoner about several times stealing iron.





DAVID BARKER
 I am a lighterman. On Monday morning, 16th April, about a quarter to five o'clock, I was at Low-water Gate, Deptford, within fifty yards of the Queen, and saw the prisoner in a boat—I have known him a long time—he took a bundle of horsehair in his arms, dropped it on Sir John Rennie's wharf, and then returned to the vessel and brought another bundle.





THOMAS COOK
 I am a broker, of Deptford. On Monday morning, about nine o'clock, I saw the prisoner in New King-street, with another man, with a bag of horsehair—I asked where he was going, he said to sell it—I asked him to let me look at it—he did so, but knowing his companion to be a man of good character, I thought they had got it honestly—I asked where he got it—he said out of a bed on board a ship, and asked 3d., alb. for it—I bought it of him at 2 1/2 d.—the constable then came up; this (produced) is some of it. WILLIAM CROUCH (policeman, R 361). I was on duty in Deptford, and followed the prisoner with a sack of horsehair—I got up to the shop, and found Cook buying it—I asked if he knew who he was buying it of—the prisoner said Weakling had given it to him—I said I should make inquiries, and should expect the horsehair to be there if anything was wrong—I made inquiries, and took the prisoner about eleven o'clock—I asked where he got it—he said he picked it up overboard; it was very dry. Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up and dried it.





GEORGE MADDOX
 I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted July, 1847, of stealing from a wharf, confined four months)—I was present; he is the person.




GUILTY
.**† Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

