



3106. 



WILLIAM ROBINSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of Oct., 1 cask, value 3s.; and 445 lbs. weight of white lead, 5l.; the goods of 



John Spencer Chadwell; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN SPENCER CHADWELL
. I am an oil and colourman, and live in Great Suffolk-street, Southwark. I have seen a cask of white lead in the prisoner's possession, which is my property—I know it by the weight and tare marks on the cask—I had such in my shop on the 23rd of Oct., at six o'clock in the afternoon, and missed it about half-past six or seven next morning—I noticed some marks, which appeared as if some cask had been rolled away—I traced it up the court, at the back of my premises, then went into my shop, and sent for a policeman—I showed him the marks, and fancied he would find my lead by them.

Prisoner. Q. Where did the cask lay? A. At the side of my door, in the road—I have had occasion to complain of boys rolling my casks in the street.





GEORGE WILD
 (police-constable M 94.) In consequence of information, I went to the court on the following morning, the 24th—I traced the cask directly to the prisoner's door—there are three houses in the court—I knocked, and he looked out of the window—he was then in bed—I knew he lived in that house, but did not know who he was—I asked him to come down and let me in—he did so—he opened the door, and said, "I suppose you are comefor the tub I fell over last night, about half-past eleven or twelve o'clock"—I

said, "I have not said anything at all about any cask"—he took me directlyto the stairs, and in a cupboard was the white lead in the cask—I sent for assistance—the prosecutor and his apprentice came, and we got it out—I took it, and took the prisoner into custody.





JANE CHADWELL
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On the night in question I saw the prisoner from ten till eleven o'clock—I mentioned the loss of the cask to him—he condoled with my loss, and said no doubt it was sold before it was stolen.

Prisoner's Defence. I fell over the cask in the court, got a light, saw no direction who it belonged to, and took it into my house. When the policeman came, I said, "I suppose you have come for the cask I stumbled over last night, coming home."





JOHN CLEMENTS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person tried and convicted.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

