



1126. 




CATHERINE MCCRINE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of March, at 
St. Dunstan, Stebonheath, alias Stepney, 1 ring, value 10s.; 1 shawl, value 2s.; 1 pair of scissors, value 2s.; 1 needle-case, value 6d.; 1 brooch, value 4s.; 1 seal, value 6d.; 1 breast-pin, value 18d.; 1 almanac, value 1s.; 4 sovereigns, 1 10l. Bank-note, and 1 5l. Bank-note, the property of 



Mary Smart, in the dwelling-house of 



William Gray.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY SMART
. I am a widow, and live in Hardwick-street, Commercial-road, in the home of William Gray, in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney. The prisoner had been in my service—she quitted on Friday the 12th of March—in consequence of something that occurred that day, I went to see whether my money was all safe—there was 110l. in notes and gold—the notes were a 5l. note, No. 84292, and a 10l. note, No. 61116—I have a memorandum of them—I put them into a small snuff-box, and the gold into a little case, and put them both into a dressing-case, which I put into a drawer in my bed-room—on the Sunday following I went to chapel—on the Thursday following I missed my notes, and four sovereigns, and between ten and eleven that same morning, I went with the policeman to the prisoner's brother-in-law, No. 8, Middle Grove-street, Commercial-road—I saw the prisoner there, and saw a box opened ty the officer, in which were found a brooch, a pin, a needle-case, a pair of scissors, a seal, and a pair of gloves, of mine—I said they were mine—the prisoner did not deny it—she did not say any thing—I afterwards

saw a pink handkerchief of mine at Lambeth-street—the prisoner had no business to come to my house during my absence on the Sunday.





JANE DRISCOLL
. I am servant to the prosecutrix. I remember the Sunday evening my mistress went out—the prisoner came about seven o'clock, and asked if Mrs. Smart was at home—I said she was not—she said, "Oh, if Mrs. Smart was at home, I would not come up"—she did come up, and I went with her to the bed-room—I had the child there—she took it out of my arms—she sent me out for a quartern of gin—I said I could not leave the house, I knew my mistress did not like it—she said, "Oh, I often left the house unknown to my mistress"—I at last went—I brought the gin—she gave me half a glass, and drank the rest herself—she afterwards sent me out for a pint of the best ale, and told me to get it at a public-house in Harbour-square, which is some distance, not where I got the gin—I went as far as Harbour-square, but turned back and got it at the same public-house where I got the gin—I came back, and went up stairs—the prisoner was waiting on the stairs—she had told me not to knock, because Mrs. Gray, the landlady, would know she had come—I did not knock—she said, "Pray, Jane, don't let Mrs. Smart know I have been here, I know she would not like it."





ANN JACKSON
. I am a widow, and live in Sidney-street, Commercial-road. On Sunday evening, the 14th of March, a little before eight o'clock, I think, or a little later, the prisoner came to my house and had a little supper with me—while at supper she said she was going to Ireland to see her mother, and wished to treat us with some brandy—she wished me to go for half a pint, and gave me a 5l. note to change—I said I did not like to change it, had she no other change—she said no, and I said, "Do, I don't like paper, I am afraid of losing it"—I went out and got it changed at the George public-house, in the Commercial-road—I gave the prisoner the change.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you would not know the note again? A. No, I never opened it.





GRIFFITH PLACE
. I am bar-man at the George tavern. On Sunday evening, the 14th of March, Jackson came to get a 5l. note changed—I put it into the cash-box—the prisoner came with Jackson that evening, and had a drop of brandy, for which she paid in silver—I afterwards saw a 10l. note in Mr. Williams's hands—the name of Smart was on both the notes.





ROBERT SAMUEL WILLIAMS
. I keep the George tavern., On this Sunday evening the prisoner came with two other respectable-looking persons, and gave me this 10l. note, which I marked, and put into my cash-box—I gave her nine sovereigns, and the rest in silver—in consequence of what was said to me, I looked into my cashbox, and found one note there and one in the cash-drawer—I paid them into Hankey's, my bankers—the name of Smart was on both of them—they were marked in a very peculiar manner just over the signature—I was not present when the 5l. note was changed.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure the prisoner was one of the persons that came? A. Yes, quite—I did not receive the note from her own hand, but from my other young man, who is not here—I cannot, of my own knowledge, tell who produced the note; the prisoner owned it, and I gave the change to her—I first offered it to a friend with her, who was a gentleman in appearance, respectably dressed—he said, "It is not for me, it is for her," and she claimed it, and took the change.





JOHN KITCHENER
. I am a policeman. On Thursday, the 19th of March, I

went to No. 8, Middle Grove-street, Commercial-road, with Mrs. Smart—I found the prisoner there—Mrs. Smart went into the house previous to my going to the door—they were up stairs when I went in—I went up to them—the prisoner said, "Oh, Mrs. Smart, how could you think it was me that had the money? if you think it is me, you are quite welcome to go down stairs to search my box"—we went down and searched the box—it was locked—I asked her where the keys were—she said she had given them to the child to play with—I broke it open, and found in it a pin, a needle-case, a brooch, an almanac, a pair of gloves, and a pair of scissors—Mrs. Smart said she could swear to the things, and the prisoner said every thing belonged to Mrs. Smart, with the exception of the brooch, and that did not—she denied knowing any thing at all of the notes.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it to Mrs. Smart she said that every thing belonged to her except the brooch? A. It was, I am sure of that—Mrs. Smart said, "Kitty, you know these things are mine," and the prisoner answered, "They are, except the brooch."





CATHERINE MARINE
. I am the wife of Thomas M'Crine, the prisoner's brother, and live at No. 8, Middle Grove-street, Commercial-road. After the officer was there I found three keys and a purse with some money in it—I do not know how much—I had seen two of the keys with the prisoner—I cannot say whose purse it was—I had seen a purse with the prisoner, but I cannot say it was the same purse—the keys and purse were in the copper, both together—the prisoner was not in the house at the time I found them—she had been there for two days before that—I gave them up to an officer.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A. Six years—she bore a very good character indeed—she has been from Ireland four years.





WILLIAM DAVIDSON DAY
. I am a policeman. The last witness gave me these keys, and this purse containing twelve sovereigns, five half-crowns, 1s. 6d. and a gold ring—I tried the keys to the prisoner's boxes, and they fitted them—I produce the box in which the articles were found.





GEORGE JUBILEE REYNOLDS
. I am a clerk in the Accountants-office, in the Bank of England. I produce a 10l. note, No. 61116; also a 5l. note, No. 84292—they were paid in on the 17th of March.

MRS. SMART
re-examined. These notes have my name on them—they are the notes which were safe in the box in my bed-room, on Friday, the 12th of March—these things now produced are mine.

Cross-examined. Q. Had the prisoner known where the money was kept? A. Not that I know of.
(Elizabeth Harris, widow, of Worship-square; and Peter Leaver, a green-grocer; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
