



2403. 




JOHN LEATHER
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Peter Robertson, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 6l. 6s.; 1 watch-case, 2l.; 1 watch-dial, 5s.; 2 watch-hands, 3s.; and 1 watch-frame, 26s.; his property.


MR. MELLER
conducted the Prosecution.






PETER ROBERTSON.
 I am a watchmaker, at 39, Kingsland-road, Shoreditch. On the 5th of Aug., between one and two o'clock, I was in my back shop—there is a partition, breast high, with glass, between the front and back shops—I could see the shop-window—I heard a crack, west into the shop, but saw nothing—there was no one at the window—I again heard a noise, and saw the prisoner and another man in the act of extracting watches from the window—I only saw one arm in the window—I saw it distinctly with a watch—I ran into the street, and saw the prisoner with another man shorter than himself, twelve or twenty yards from the shop, walking away—there was no other person on the pavement—I gave an alarm, and ran two or three yards, when the prisoner looked round—I am sure he is the man—I had seen him about twelve o'clock that day with another man—I cannot say whether that was his companion when I was following them, he was about the same bright—the prisoner ran down the road to the first turning on the left—the other ran up the road—I followed the prisoner about 100 yards, into two streets, and called,:Stop thief!"—he heard me—when I got back, I missed two watches, one was unfinished—the window was brown, and a slip taken out with some instrument—I saw the prisoner, about six weeks afterwards, at Featherstone-street station, and recognized him at once.


Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. Had you given information of the robbery? A. Yes, and the officer told me a man was in custody on suspicion of robbing my window—I went to the station—the prisoner was not pointed out to me—I recognised him directly as the man I pursued—he was sitting on a bench—there was no one else sitting there.





JOHN JENKINSON
 (policeman, G 53) On the 27th of Sept. I took the prisoner, at 24, New Norfolk-street, Shoreditch—he lodged there—I told him what I took him for—he did not say anything—I searched his room, and found a skeleton key—I was present when Mr. Robertson identified him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say he knew nothing about it? A. No, he did not make any answer, after he was charged at the station he said he knew nothing about it.




GUILTY.†Aged 28.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—


Transported for Seven Years.

