




1117. 




THOMAS SMITH
 and 




TIMOTHY TOVEY
 were indicted for

 stealing 10 keys, value 10s.; 1 purse, 1s.; 2 sovereigns; 2 half-sovereigns; 3 shillings; and 2 sixpences the property of 



George Crafter, from the person of 



Elizabeth Crafter; and that Smith had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZA CROFTER
. I am the wife of George Crofter; we live in Black friqars-road. On the 4th of May I was passing over Blackfriars-bridge, about two o'clock—I felt a movement at the right side of my dress—I had a pocket there and some keys, and a purse which contained my money—I turned, and saw two boys behind me—to the best of my recollection, the prisoners were the boys—they saw I notice them—they crossed the road—I crossed, and saw Mr. Edwards—I mentioned it to him—he took the prisoners, and while we were waiting for a policeman my purse was dropped—there were persons passing, but, I thing, not near enough to have dropped the purse—the keys were picked up and brought to me by a woman—they are mine—this is my purse.





JOSEPH EDWARDS
. I live in Blackfriars-road. I was passing—Mr. Crofter spoke to me, and pointed out Tovey—I caught him, and she crossed and caught Smith—I took Tovey across to her, and took hold of both the prisoners—as soon as I took hold of Smith I heard a noise—I looked down at his feet and this purse was there—I took it up—I did not see the keys then—they were brought to Mr. Crofter afterwards.

Tovey. I know nothing of this boy—I went to see the steam-boats start—I am innocent.






ELIZA CORFTER

re-examined. The prisoners were together—they spoke to each other.





NOAH STONE
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Smith's former conviction—( read—Convicted 15th Dec. 1845, by the name of Thomas Hoare, and confined one year)—he is the person.

Smith. Tovey took the purse, and threw it down at my feet; I never saw Tovey before, to my knowledge.

Tovey. I know nothing about it; it was not me dropped it.





NOAH STONE

re-examined. I have known them together for four years—both have been associate with thieves—Tovey has been summarily convicted.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.


TOVEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined Nine Months.

