



2930. 



WILLIAM LONE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of September, 1 gelding, price 30l.; 1 cart, value 20l.; 1 set of harness, value 20s.; 1 puncheon, value 5s.; 11cwt. Of treacle, value 12l.; I5cwt. Of sugar, value 50l.; 112cwt. Of pepper, value 5s.; 112lbs. weight of rice, value 1l. 12s.; and 5 1/2 cwt. Of currants, value 14l.; the goods of 



William Ryde and others.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN JAMES WIGNELL
. I am warehouseman to William Ryde and

others. On the 12th of September I assisted in loading their cart—I saw one puncheon of treacle, a quantity of sugar, rice, and the other things stated, placed in the cart, about a quarter-past six o'clock—John Williams was the driver—he started about half-past six—he came back in a short time and made a communication to me—I ordered him to go back and look after the cart and horse—he had received all the orders that were necessary from me, and I had not sent any body after him—between eleven and twelve the same night the cart was brought back—it then contained only a puncheon of treacle and one loaf of sugar—the property that was lost is worth upwards of 60l.





JOHN WILLIAMS
. I am carman to Ryde and Co. On the evening of the 12th of September, I went with the horse and cart and the goods—I had to go to several wharfs—on my way to the wharfs the prisoner came up to me in Cannon-street, and said I was to go back to the warehouse, Mr. Wignell wanted me, something about the bills was not right—he was to take care of the cart while I went back, and I was not to be gone many minutes—I drew up on one side of the road, and left the prisoner with the cart—I went back to my roasters', and saw Mr. Wignell—I told him what the prisoner had told me—I found it was all untrue—I went back with Mr. Wignell to Cannon-street—the horse, cart, and goods were gone—I did not hear any more of them till between eleven and twelve o'clock that night—some time after a communication was made to me by Goodwin—I went to the New Prison, Clerk en well, and I saw the prisoner among about fifty others—I immediately pointed him out—I am sure he is the man—it was twenty-five minutes to seven when I turned into Cannon-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before you left the cart with him? A. Not to my knowledge—I looked at him very hard as he came up to me—I went back directly as fast as I could run—I was not gone five minutes—I had never seen the prisoner from the time I saw him in the street till he was in the prison.





JOHN MARSHALL
 (police-constable N 300.) On the night of the 12th of September, a horse and cart were given into my charge at the toll-gate, Caledonian-road, Islington—it contained a cask of treacle and a loaf of sugar—from information, I took it to Ryde and Co., in Upper Thames-street.





RICHARD GOODWIN
 (police-constable N 217.) I took the prisoner into custody on Wednesday, the 12th of October, on another charge—I fetched Williams—he was taken to the New Prison to see the persons there—he pointed out the prisoner immediately, from about fifty or sixty othere in the yard.

JURY
to
JOHN WILLIAMS. Q. Was the prisoner dressed as he is now, when he took your horse and cart? A. No—he had got an old fustian jacket on—when I saw him at the prison, he was dressed as he is now all but the coat.




GUILTY of stealing the contents of the cart.—


Transported for Seven Years.
