



1329. 




CHARLES BLAKE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
24th of March, 1 umbrella, value 10s., the goods of 



Peter Strange M'Carthy; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JANE CHANDLER
. I am in the service of Henry Whitton, of Gower-street. On Tuesday, the 24th of March, there was a knock at the door—I answered it, and saw the prisoner—he asked me for a tuscan bonnet to be cleaned, and said he came from Mrs. Squire's, in Tottenham Court-road—I left him below in the hall, with the door shut, and went up stairs to

make some inquiries—when I returned, he was gone, and had shut the door—I missed from the hall an umbrella belonging to Mr. M' Carthy, who was visiting at the house at the time—I opened the street-door, and saw a boy, named Stanton, and the prisoner—neither of them had the umbrella—I told the prisoner to stop—he ran away—I could not leave the door—I asked Stanton to run after him—a policeman came p shortly after, with another boy, and the umbrella—he was taken to the station—I am sure the prisoner is the boy who came about the bonnet—I knew him perfectly well again..





JOHN SIMS HANCOCK
(police-constable E 38.) On Thursday, the 24th of March, I was in Grafton-street East, near Gower-street, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, and saw the prisoner, and two other boys, named Stanton and Cooper—I saw Stanton go to the door of No. 27, Grafton-street East—he appeared to be answered by some one from the area—he then went away, and joined his companions—they then went down Gower-street—I did not see to what house they went—I afterwards saw Cooper and Stanton waiting outside No. 27, Gower-street, walking up and down by the door several times—I went to the corner of Store-street, and watched them—in a moment afterwards I saw Cooper running along Store-street, with an umbrella in his hand—I ran after him, and caught him—he dropped it, and said, "It was not me, it was not me, I did not do it"—I took him and the umbrella to the house where Chandler was—I did not take the other two boys.





PETER STRANGE M'CARTHY
 I live in Montague-street, Russell-square—I was in this house in Gower-street, on the evening in question—I had my umbrella with me—I left it in the hall when I went into the drawing-room—a few minutes afterwards I heard a noise in the hall—I came down stairs and saw a boy in custody of a policeman, who had the umbrella in his hand—this is it, it is my property.

Prisoner's Defence. I had a place in Rathbone-place—these two boys came and persuaded me to leave it—I left it to go along with them—I have no friends.





THOMAS FULLER
. I am a policeman—I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported Seven Years.
