




1175. 



JOHN ASBURY
, and 



ISAAC GREENSLADE
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 3d., the goods of 




Joseph Metcalf, from his person.






JOSEPH METCALF
. I am a waiter, and lodge on Garlic-hill. On the 5th of April I was in St. Martin's-place, looking at some soldiers—Obbard gave me information—I examined my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, which I had safe about ten minutes before.





ROBERT OBBARD
. I am a news-vender, and live at Westminster. About half-past eleven o'clock I was looking at the soldiers, near Charing-cross, and saw the prisoners together for about three or four minutes—I saw Asbury put his hand into Metcalf's pocket, pull out a handkerchief, wipe his face with it, and then drop it on the ground—I saw Greenslade standing by his side, holding his coat over him to conceal it—Metcalf came out of the crowd—I asked if he had lost his handkerchief, and he missed it—the prisoner were secured—they stood still, and did not attempt to go off.

Greenslade. I was not with my hand to my clothes at all. Witness. I had seen them together for four minutes—I saw them talking together—they went behind Metcalf, close together—Greenslade held his great coat out over the prosecutor, while Asbury lifted the flap of the coat up, and took the handkerchief with the other hand.

Asbury. It is nothing but falsehood he has sworn to. Witness. I never saw him before to my knowledge—I had no quarrel with him—I think I have seen him before in the Park—I live with my father.





HENRY DODIMEADE
. I am a hair-dresser, and live in Denmark-terrace, Camberwell. I was at the back of the National Gallery, and saw Greenslade going along—he made two attempts at two gentlemen's pockets, which caused my suspicion—I saw a constable close by, and told him what I suspected—immediately after, when I got to St. George's barracks I saw them go behind the prosecutor, and keep close behind him—Asbury took a handkerchief, as I thought—I saw him put his hand close to the pocket, but did not see him take it out, as I was behind Greenslade, who stood close to him, and held his coat out to conceal him.





JOHN DALE
. I was near the barracks—the handkerchief was thrown at my feet—I took it up, and the prisoners were taken—the handkerchief is full of holes.
(Asbury received a good character.)

ASBURY,—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Three Months.


GREENSLADE*—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.

