






646. 



JAMES COLLINS,


 JOHN SCOTT,


 THOMAS ROBINSON
, and 



JAMES WILLIAMS
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 jacket, value 15s.; 1 pair of fnjwsers, 15s.; 1 waistcoat, 15s.; 1 pair of braces, 6d.; and 1 knife, 6d.; the goods of 



George Henderson:—I waistcoat, 12s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 2s.; 1 pair of braces, 6d.; and 1 knife, 6d.; the goods of 



Charles Innes, in a vessel on a navigable river catted the 
Thames; and that Collins had been before conricted of felony.







GEORGE HENDERSON
. I am master of the brig Willams—it was lying in Church-hole, Rotherhithe—on the night of the 1st of Feb., about one o'clock, I was aroused from my cabin by the policeman—I began fo examine my clothes, and I missed the articles slated—this is my jacket, my trowters, my waistcoat and braces—my coat is still missing—they were ail safe on Saturday night.





THOMAS INNIS
. I am mate of the vessel. About one o'clock on Sunday morning, the 1st of Feb., I was awoke by the policeman—I missed a pair of trowsers and a waistcoat—these are them. I saw them safe when I went to bed on Saturday night—I found the prisoner Collins in the head sheet of a coal barge, lying along side of our ship—I saw Scott on the gunwale of a ballast lighter on the opposite side of the ship.





ROBERT ARMOND
. I am a seaman on board this ship. I was awoke that morning by the policeman—I found Robinson and Williams in the after-hold of our own ship, concealing themselves away as much as possible—when the prisoners were taken and put in the cabin, the officers desired them to go into the boat—they made use of very improper language and stated they would not go till they had their shoes, and Scott said he wanted his hat—Robinson and Collins had no shoes on—their shoes were found in a skiff a little further in the tier, where the clothes were found—Scott's hat was found in a coal-barge but not the barge that Collins was found in.





HENRY BARWOOD
, (Thames police-constable 37.) Shortly after one o'clock that night I was going by Church-hole tier—I heard a voice at if some persons were moving in a boat—I told my boatmen to shore astern, and I heard a person jump out of a craft—I went and found a hat in a coal-barge—I went across the vessels till I came to the William—I coord see no one there—I called out to the crew and told them fo get lights—I jumped into ft coal-barge and found Collins in the head-sheets, with no shoes on—I took him on board the William and secured him—Collins, and the rest of the prisoners were very violent, they wanted to take charge ef the cabin, and wanted to find die breadlocker—they began to sing songs.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLATINE. Q. Had you known Williams, before? A. No—I have inquired and heard nothing against him he—was very quiet—the other three were very violent—he had not his shoes off—there was 18s. 6d. found on him, but no stolen property.





JOHN GREGORY
 (Thames police-constable 34.) I found the prosecutor's clothes in a skiff where the shoes were—Collins claimed one pair of the shoes and Robinson the other.





WILLIAM JUDGE
 (Thames police inspector.) I took the prisoners—they said they would not go without their hat and shoes—I asked them why they took them off—both Collins and Robinson said "to go thieving"—Williams was very quiet.

Collins. I know nothing at all about it.





WILLIAM JUDGE

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Collins's former conviction at this Court—(read convicted the 7th of April, 1845, and confined nine months)—he is the man.
(Williams received a good character,)

COLLINS—


GUILTY
. 


Transported for Ten Years.

*SCOTT—


GUILTY
.
*ROBINSON—


GUILTY
.






Confined One Year.


WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. 



Confined Six Months.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
