



153. 




GEORGE NORTON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 half-crown and 3 shillings; the monies of 



Benjamin William Allen; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






BENJAMIN WILLIAM ALLEN
, of Ebury-street, Pimlico. On the 28th of August I left my shop, between ten and half-past ten o'clock in the morning—I was gone two or three minutes, and on my return I saw the prisoner leaning over the counter, in the act of pushing in the till—he appeared rather confused, and asked me if I knew of an errand-boy's situation—while he was speaking I looked into the till, and missed some money—I said, "I don't know of an errand-boy's situation, but I know you have robbed me"—I missed some silver, and particularly a half-crown, as there was but one in the till at the time—he at first denied it—I said, "J am postive you have robbed me; so you had better give up what you have taken"—he then put into my hand a half-crown and three shillings—I took him to the station—he begged me to forgive him, and said if I did not, he should be sure to be transported—I was not quite certain what was in the till, but I think about 1 ls.—I know there was a half-crown.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What were the exact words you used to him? A. I said, "You had better give up what you hare taken"—I am sure I used the word "taken"—I had not counted what was in the till, but I expected a person to call for 13s., and I had noticed the money not a minute before I went out—I am a bookseller and stationer—my wife serves in the shop, but had not served during the whole of that morning—I had had customers in the shop—I am positive there was but one half-crown in the till, and that was gone—I did not count the money which was left, but the policeman did—I swear that there was but one half-crown in the till—I had noticed it particularly in the bulk of the silver.





HENRY PAULING
 (police-constable B 185.) I took charge of the prisoner. I found nothing on him but two duplicates. Charlotte Htll, greengrocer, 25, High-road, Knightsbridge. I know the prisoner—I was in the court at Westminster when he was tried for robbing my till of 1s. 6d.—I was a witness—he is the same person—I produce a certificate of his conviction which I got from the clerk of the peace—(read).




GUILTY
. * Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

