




2237. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 10s.; 1 veil, 1l.; 1 scarf, 10s.; 2 pairs of boots, 10s.; 1 apron, 2s.; 1 brush, 1s.; and 1 brooch, 1s.; the goods of 



Alexander Peat







ANN PEAT
. I am the wife of Alexander Peat, and live in Heddon-court, Regent-street—we let lodgings. On the 19th of Aug. the prisoner came and took a room for himself and another person, for a week, to sleep in, at 6s. a week—he slept there on the 19th—we got up a little before seven o'clock next morning, and he was gone—I never saw him again till he was in custody—he was alone that night—he said the other young person was to come the night following—I examined the room in the morning, and missed the property stated.

Prisoner. She went out about ten o'clock at night, and, I think, about four she came in with her husband. Witness. The prisoner came and took the lodging between seven and eight o'clock—he went out, and said he would return and give me a decided answer—when he returned, my husband had gone to a society meeting, and I had no one to ask whether I should let him in; so, after he was gone to bed, I went out, after locking the doors, and told my husband what I had done—we returned about twelve.





FRANCIS MORRIS
 (police-constable E 78.) I apprehended the prisoner on Sunday morning, the 25th of Aug.—I found on him these four handkerchiefs—this one was on his neck—the other three were in two bundles that he was carrying at the time.

MRS. PEAT
re-examined. I know these handkerchiefs to be my husband's property—I missed them on the morning of the 20th of Aug.—I had seen them the afternoon previous—there is no private mark, but they have been long in use.

Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchief that was taken off my neck I have had nearly two years; this is the first time I have ever been guilty of anything of the kind, and I am innocent of this charge; when I got up in the morning the room door was half open; it was not locked.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

