



279. 




WILLIAM BULL
 was indicted

 for stealing 281bs. of shot, value 5l.; and 12 squares of soap, 1s. 3d.; the goods of 



Benjamin Rebbeck; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN REBBECK
. I live with my father Benjamin Rebbeck, in Rose-terrace, Globe-road—he is an oilman—he lost some scented soap and a bag of shot—we buy the soap ready made—it is all cast in one mould—the soap and shot used to stand at our door—some articles were produced by an officer, I was asked if they were ours, and I missed a bag of shot.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You had not missed the shot till the policeman came? A. No—he produced one cake of soap, value 2d.—I gave him one square of a similar kind, to see that they corresponded—I have no share in the business, it is my father's—he lives at Waterloo-town—I mind the shop—I am paid wages.





HENRY WARD
. I live in James-street, Bethnal-green, and am a cooper. I have known the prisoner some months—he was formerly pot-boy at the Camden's Head—I met him going borne one night, about three weeks ago, and as he passed Rebbeck's shop, he said, "That is the b—shop I got the shot out of, and a quantity of soap"—we got on further and passed a shoemaker's shop and he said, "I had a quantity of bristles from there, and sold them for 7s."—he gave me a cake of soap and said, "I know you are a bit of a dandy, take this cake of soap"—that was before we came to Rebbeck's shop, and he said that was the shop he had it from—he said he wanted to sell the shot—I told the constable the next morning.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A cooper—I worked up to last Monday for Hind and Smith's, brewers—when I first knew the prisoner he was pot-boy at the Camden's Head—I used to use that house—I have not been in the habit of going about with him—I have been to his father's house and got him out, with the intention of pointing him out—I cannot say precisely when 1 had seen him before he made this communication to me—I should say it was about two or three days—I saw him sitting in a beer shop in Stepney—I went in there to him—I had seen him two or three days before that—I was not in the habit of being with him—I cannot give any idea how he came to tell me all this, without he wished for somebody to reveal his secrets to.





THOMAS WATKINS
 (police-constable K 310.) Ward gave me a cake of scented soap, and in consequence of what he said I went to Rebbeck's shop—I produced the cake of soap to Rebbeck, and I received a cake of soap from Rebbeck—it corresponded with what I carried him—I asked if he had lost a bag of shot, he said, "Yes, I have."





GEORGE MURRY
 (police-constable K, 68.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this court—(read—Convicted 21st of Aug. 1843, confined nine months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
