



406. 




JOSEPH ASHELFORD
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Court, on the 
21st of Dec., at 
Camberwell, and stealing therein 1 jacket, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, 5s.; and 1 pocket-book, 6d.; the goods of 



Samuel Court; and 3 coats, 4l.; 1 waistcoat, 3s.; 5 pairs of trow sera, 2l.; 2 handkerchiefs, 1s.; and 1 pair of gloves, 6d.; the goods of the said 



Henry Court; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY COUNT
. I live at Peckhara, in the parish of St. Giles, Camberwell. On the 21st of Dec. I had this waistcoat, and other things, safe in my bedroom—I left my house a few minutes after nine o'clock that morning—the house was secure—the front door was on the latch, which opened with a key—it was not locked—I went out at the back door—I returned at nine in the evening—I then found a writing-desk in the parlour, broken open, and two pairs of snuffers appeared to have been used in breaking it open—the papers which had been in the desk were lying about—I went up stairs, and missed out of the drawer the coats and other articles stated—the house must have been opened with a key—these are the articles I missed—I can swear to them—most of them have the names on them.





SUSAN ADAMS
. I went to the prosecutor's house at four o'clock that afternoon, to shut it up—I went in at the back door with a key which opened it—I then shut the house up—everything appeared to be right at that time—I am quite sure I shut the house up again—the windows were shut, and the doors all fastened—about eight o'clock I received some information from master Samuel, the prosecutor's son—I went to the house, and found the front door open, the desk broken, and the coats and other things gone. WILLIAM HUMPHREYS (police-constable M 47.) I was on duty about eight o'clock that evening, and met the prisoner, about a mile and a half from the prosecutor's, carrying a large bundle, coming in a direction from the prosecutor's—I asked him where he was going with the bundle—he

said he had got it to carry for somebody—I laid hold of him—he dropped the bundle, slipped from me, and ran away—I ran about 100 yards and caught him—I asked him what the bundle contained—he said he should tell my superiors.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell you I brought it from Greenwich? A. No—you told me you had got it to carry, and then at the station you said you picked it up.

Prisoner's Defence. On that day I had been to Greenwich till three o'clock in the afternoon; I was returning home, and near the Green Man I picked up this bundle; I was proceeding along with it, when the officer took me; there were no housebreaking instruments found on me; I am utterly ignorant where the prosecutor's place is, and am innocent of breaking into it; I can prove who it was broke open the house.





THOMAS WATKINS
 (police-constable M 18.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the clerk of the peace of Surrey—(read—Convicted 5th Feb., 7th Vict., and imprisoned six months)—the prisoner is the man. 


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

