



1884. 




JAMES THOMAS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of May, 1 purse, value 1s.; 3 shillings, and 1 groat; the property of 



Ellen Mary Stiles, from her person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELLEN MART STILES
. I am single, and live with my mother, in Gower-street, Bedford-square. On the afternoon of the 24th of May I went into the shop of Mr. Butt, a linen-draper, in Mortimer-street, about ten minutes after five o'clock—I went to the counter of the shop to make a purchase, and was looking at some ribbons—Mrs. Butt called out, and ran to the door—in consequence of what she said, I felt my pocket, and missed my purse, which contained from 3s. to 5s.—there was a fourpenny-piece in it—I know I had my purse about an hour before—it was a blue and drab netted purse—I have not seen it again.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you standing? A. At the end of the counter, a good way from the door—I know I had my purse when I got out of an omnibus in Rathbone-place—I then went home, and had been walking up Oxford-street before I went to Mr. Butt's—I did not feel anything done to me—my attention was merely called by Mrs. Butt, who ran out of the shop immediately—I went to the door, and asked what was we matter—I did not miss my purse till I was told—it was three or four minutes before I found it was gone—I had not been in any other shop.





CAROLINE BUTT
. I am the wife of Henry Butt, a linen-draper, in Mortimer-street. On the afternoon of the 24th of May I was in a room at the end of the shop—I could see into the shop—I saw Miss Stiles come into the shop

and come to the further end of the counter—I could see what took place at the counter where she was—I saw the prisoner and another man—the prisoner stood behind Miss Stiles, and I saw him lift up part of the skirt of her dress, put his hand into her pocket, and take out her purse—it appeared to be a long drab net purse—I ran out, took hold of him by the shoulder, and said, "This man has taken this lady's purse"—I saw it in his hand when I took hold of his shoulder—he got from me, and ran into the street—I did not take notice whether the other man went out—I followed the prisoner, and called out—a gentleman followed him, and he was brought back by a policeman in about ten minutes.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. No—the room I was in is a continuation of the shop—there is no door to it—I was sitting very near to where the prisoner was standing—I should think five or six ladies were in the shop, standing at the counter—Miss Stiles was between the prisoner and me—he came behind, and lifted her dress, while she was looking at some ribbons—I did not hear him ask to be served with anything—Mr. Butt's mother was serving Miss Stiles, and Mr. Butt was serving higher up in the shop—the prisoner was nearly close to Miss Stiles when I took hold of him—I had not seen him before—he had not got off the pavement when I got out of the shop—I did not see him stopped.





JAMES NEWMAN
 (police-constable E 62.) I took the prisoner in Great Titchfield-street—he had been stopped by some gentleman—nine or ten persons were holding him, he was so resolute—he told me I had better let him go, as the lady would not press the charge against him—I found three shillings in his waistcoat pocket—I took him back to Mr. Butt's shop.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you take him? A. About half-past five o'clock—I did not see any long drab purse.





NATHANIEL WRIGHT
 (police-constable P 172.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

