



1587. 




JOHN MAGEE



, feloniously returning from transportation.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN HAYWARD
. I am a clerk, in the office of the Solicitor to the Treasury. I produce a certificate of the conviction, sentence, and order of transportationof John Magee, signed by Mr. Rodmgson, the clerk of the Crown-office, who sealed it in mv piesence—(read—John Magee convicted 15th june, 1840, of desertion, and transported for fourteen Years.)





JOHN CARR
. I was drummer in the 29th regiment—I am now discharged. The prisoner was a private soldier in that regiment in May, 1840—we were in the same company, and were at the Royal Artillery-barracks, Woolwich—I heard sentence ui fourteen years' transportation pronounced onhim on the garrison parade, for desertion, and saw him marched from theparade.

Prisoner. Q. What do you know me by? A. By your appearance andsize—I have not the least doubt of you.





GEORGE DEVEREUX
. I am inspector of police at Portsmouth. On 21st Feb., 1818. I was at the station there—the prisoner came, about two o'clockin the morning, and ifave himself up as a returned comict—he said his namewas John Magee; that he was tried as a deserter from the 29th regiment andreceived sentence of transposition for fourteen years; that he made his escapefrom New South Wales, and came back to see his wife, and found she was dead—I took him before the Borough Justices,. ind was present at his examination

—he made a statement, which was written down—he made this mark to it—(read)—"The prisoner states, 'I have nothing more to say than what I saidto the police-officer, except I told him my friends were dead, and not thatmy wife was dead, and I acknowledge what I told the police-officer in allrespects.'"
(The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that all he said at thepolice-station was false, and that he said it to get discharged from his ship, asthe captain was a tyrant.)




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Life
.
