




1097. 




HENRY JOHN JONES
 and 




CHARLES HENNELL
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 sovereign, 2 shillings, 1 groat, and 2 pence; the monies of 



Thomas Pugh, from the person of 



Susannah Pugh; and that Jones had been before convicted of felony.






SUSANNAH PUGH
. I am the wife of Thomas Pugh, a grocer, in Sidney-place. About noon, on the 21st of April, I wae crossing Towerhill, and felt my pocket move—I put my hand into it immediately, and my money was gone—I turned, and saw Jones close to me, and Hennell rather behind him, at his shoulder—there was no one near that, could have taken my money but Jones—it was safe about five minutes before—I had just come from the railway station—I had one sovereign, two shillongs, one groat and two pence, loose in my pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where had you taken the mpney from? A. From my purse, which was in my drawer at home—I paid my fare when I took my seat in the Blackwall train—my money was safe when I was in the Minories—I put my hand into my pocket—I did not count it, but felt it was safe—I then walked towards the Tower—I was on the footway—I had not noticed whether anybody was near me before, but I turned directly I felt my pocket move—I did not see the officer, Child, till I saw him and the prisoners struggling on the ground—they were so Bear to me that they fell over my feet—Child was on the spot, and seized both the prisoners directly—they got up and ran, after I saw him with them—they ran out of my sight—I do not know who caught them—somebody asked me if I had lost anything, but I cannot say whether it waa Child—I had a sick child with me, and my attention was given to that—I followed in the direction the prisoners went, and am quite sure they are the persons.





WILLIAM CHILD
. I am beadle of Trinity-square. I was on Tower hill on the 21st of April—I saw Mrs. Pugh, and some other female, walk from the corner of the Minories—I saw Jones go to Mrs. Pugh, and put his hand into her pocket—whether he took anything then I do not know, as something came between us—I followed them thirty or forty yards further—Jones put his hand into her pocket again, and passed his hand round to Hennell, who was close to him—I saw Hennell take something, and put it into his pocket—I followed them further, and saw Jones put his hand into her pocket a third time—I then seized both the prisoners, while Jones had his hand in her pocket—Hennell ran away from me first—I made a slip—Jones got away, and they both ran down Thames-street—I followed them—they did not get out of my sight—they might have thrown anything away in a crowd without my seeing it.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been an officer? A. Eleven or twelve years—I am beadle of Trinity-square, and of the Tower-liberty—the trustees and the parishioners appoint me—I have never been in any other situation, and was never discharged from any—I collared both the prisoners while Jones' hand was in the lady's pocket the third time—they had got 200 or 300 yards from that spot when they were taken—I did not lose sight of them.






THOMAS BURGESS
 (police-constable H 33.) I produce a certificate of Jones' conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted 28th Nov., 1842, and confined Three Months")—Jones is the person.

JONES—


GUILTY
.—Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


HENNELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—



Confined Nine Months.

