




1585. 




EDWARD YOUNGMAN COTTON
 was again indicted with 




STEPHEN CHANDLER



, for stealing 6 spoons, value 2l. 7s. 6d.; I pepperbox, 14s.; 1 butter-knife, 1s.; 1 skewer, 12s.; 2 pair of boots, 1l.; 2 plates, 3s.; 2 wine glasses, 2s.; 12 napkins, 6s.; and 7 guineas, the property of 



Edward Driver, the master of Cotton.






ANDREW SHAW
. I am groom in the service of Mr. Edward Driver. I know Chandler, and have seen him in company with Cotton—the first time is more than three or four months ago—I have seen them a great many times together in the pantry—after the fire I was engaged in sifting the refuse out of the pantry—I afterwards found a pair of breeches which had been worn by Cotton, and in the pocket I found some duplicates which I took to my master, who gave them to the officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Do not you know that Chandler had been employed by Cotton to assist him in his work? A. No, I do not, I never saw him assisting him, I will swear—I cannot say when I first saw him at master's house.





GEORGE PHILLIPS
. I am in the service of Mr. Ravenor, pawnbroker, Tothill-street. Chandler pledged a silver marrow-spoon for 5s., and said it belonged to a brother of his—on the 1st of Feb. he pawned a silver tablespoon

for 3s.; on the 14th, two table-spoons for 16s.; on the 10th, a pair of Wellington boots—he said he pawned them all from his brother—I find four duplicates corresponding with mine among those produced.





JAMES BASTER
. I am also shopman to Mr. Ravenor. Chandler was in the habit of pawning with us—on the 27th of Jan. he pawned a silver skewer for 12s. in the name of Stephen Chandler, Crown-street, for his brother—on the same day he pawned a silver pepper-castor for 7s. for his brother—on the 13th of Feb. a pair of silvertable-spoons, a butter-knife, a salt-spoon, and a caddy-spoon, all silver, for 22s.—I produce a marrow-spoon, and a table-spoon which my fellow-shopman took in—the duplicate relating to them is among the rest, it is in the name of Stephen Chandler—among the eleven duplicates produced are three corresponding with what I took in.





NICHOLAS PEARCE
. I am inspector of the A division of police. I apprehended Chandler, at Guildford, Surrey, on Thursday, the 22nd of May—I told him I took him for being concerned with Cotton in robbing the house of Mr. Driver, in Parliament-street, and setting fire to it—he said, "I have not been in his company"—I brought him to London, and, in consequence of what was said to me, I took a pair of boots off his feet, which I have here—I found this key on Cotton.





MRS. ANN DRIVER
. I have missed plate since the fire—Cotton had the care of it—I have seen these articles before, and believe them to be ours—some I am certain of—I know this butter-knife—the crest has been taken out of the spoons—here is the mark where it was—we had a tea-poy in the dining-room—this is the key of the tea-poy, that is, it opens it—it is a duplicate of my key—I missed all such articles as those produced.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Do I understand you cannot identify anything but the butter-knife? A. I am certain of no more—I know the butter-knife, because it was broken at the handle last year, when in the country, and it was not used, the handle being loose—I received an excellent character with Cotton, and he bore that character in my service.

COURT. Q. You believe the rest of the plate to be yours? A. Yes, and we missed plate of this description.





EDWARD DRIVER
. I know the butter-knife, and believe the spoons to be mine—they are like mine—I have others corresponding with them—we miss the same number from our stock—these skewers I have had many years, and this caddy-spoon was kept in the tea-poy—I have not the least doubt the whole property is mine—this pair of boots found on Chandler have my name in them—they were in Cotton's care.





ELIZABETH JAMES
. I know Chandler—he was in the habit of coming to my house, the Star and Garter, Queen-street, Westminster—he brought two bundles there on the 4th of May.

COTTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years more.


CHANDLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

