





1620. 




THOMAS JENKINS,



 JAMES COUSINS
, and 




THOMAS HARRIS
, were indicted for

 stealing 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; the goods of Edward Sewell, from his person; and that Jenkins had been before convicted of felony.


COUSINS pleaded



GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.






EDWARD SEWELL
, grocer, Great Yarmouth. On the 23rd of May I was walking arm in arm with a friend, along Shoreditch—the officer came to me—I examined my pocket, and missed my handkerchief—it was produced to me at the station—this is it—I did not see either of the prisoners.





JOHN WESTBURY
 (police-constable H 215.) I was on duty in plain clothes that evening—I saw the three prisoners in company going down Shoreditch, a little before seven o'clock—I watched them for an hour—they were attempting every person's pocket—I saw them make at least forty attempts, and failing in every one—at last, the prosecutor came by, and they all three turned back after him—Jenkins and Harris then closed behind him, and Cousins about a yard behind them—Jenkins laid hold of the prosecutor's right coat-pocket with his right hand, put his left hand in, and drew out a handkerchief—I went and asked the prosecutor if he had lost anything—he said a handkerchief—I told him to step into a shop, and I would bring it—I followed the prisoners down Cock-lane and into Shoreditch again—I saw them go to two other gentlemen—I and another officer went and took them—while we were putting the handcuffs on Jenkins and Harris, Cousins brought the handkerchief out of his pocket, and I took it from him.


Harris. Q. How far were you from us? A. Sometimes within a yard, and sometimes eight or ten yards.





WILLIAM WEBB
 (police-constable H 42.) I saw Cousins take the handkerchief out of his pocket.





JOHN GEORGE WADE
. I produce a certificate of Jenkins's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

JENKINS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


HARRIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.

