



1658. 




JEREMIAH ROSCOE
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 mahogany table, value 23s., the goods of 



Lancelott Rowlandson.






LANCELOTT ROWLANDSON
. This table is my property—(looking at it)—I know it by the foot being broken—I was sending some goods to Manchester on the 25th of April, and had intended this to go there—I put it away in the end store warehouse—I never authorized the prisoner to take it—there was a defect in one of the feet, which is here now, and I swear it is my property—H never was sold—I missed it on the morning of the 27th of April—on the 7th of June I went to the premises of the male prisoner, in Clarence-street, Waterloo-town, with a policeman, and found the table there—I claimed it—the prisoner was there—I told the policeman to put his initials on it—I asked the prisoner where he purchased it—he said, of a man at his own door—I did not ask him when—it was unpolished when I lost it—it had to be finished, and to have the leg mended, before it went to Manchester—the prisoner was in the habit of working at the end warehouse at the time I lost it—Hutchinson was in my service—he has absconded—I know the prisoner and he were acquainted.

Cross-examined. Q. He was acquainted with all the men with whom he worked I suppose? A. Yes; Hutchinson came there every day—my attention was particularly called to this table by the broken foot—it does happen nowand then to break the foot of a table—I am sure I missed it as long ago as the 27th of April—Roscoes were in the habit of coming to work there—the prisoner married in June I heard, and went to live in Clarence-street away from his father—I claimed several things at the same time, which were found at his house.






ROBERT DALLAS
. I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Green Hill-rents, Smithfield—I made this table for Mr. Rowhmdson, he ordered a dozen—this was one among them—I sent it home three or four months ago—the bolt was rather too large and came against the worm—I put three blocks underneath here to make the bolt fast—I recollect putting one mahogany clamp on it and securing it—this is my work.

Cross-examined. Q. you never made a mistake in a bolt beiag too Iwge before? A. No—I make a great many tables—I charged a guinea for it—it was not French polished, that would be 2s. 6d. more—it is 3 feet 6 inches.





MICHAEL SAYER
. I work for Mr. Rowlandson—about the 20th of April last I broke a piece of the foot off this table—I have not a doubt this is the table, it was not French polished then.





GEORGE GREAVES
. I was formerly in the employ of old Mr. Roscoe—I left him about Easter time, he worked for Mr. Rowlandson, as well as his son—I remember the prisoner being employed at Mr. Rowlandson's place to make mattresses—the Roscoes had a stable near the prosecutor's house, they both used it—I was employed to clean the horse—Stepney fair was at Easter—about that time I saw the prisoner coming from Mr. Rowlandson's warehouse with the top part of this table—he put it into the stable—he then went back to Mr. Rowlandson's warehouse, and fetched the other part—he then covered it over with a flock bag.

Cross-examined. Q. The fair is at Easter and Whitsuntide? A. Yes—this was at Easter—Mr. Rowlandson's warehouse is next to Roscoe's stable—Roscoe lives in Baker's-row—I was outside the stable—I saw the prisoner take the table in—I had no conversation with him—the first time I men-tioned this was last week—there were two horses kept in the stable—there was no one there besides nte at that time—it was in the evening—I swear to the table by a piece chipped off one of the claws—I was in Mr. Rowlandsoa'B warehouse when it was broken off—it was knocked against a wash-hand stand—I never asked why the table was brought into the stable—I am a mattress maker—I work for Mr. Rowlandson now, I worked for the prisoner when I saw the table, and left about three weeks or a month after—I did piece-work and earned 1s. 8d.—some of it was stopped, and I left—he did not charge me with having robbed him—he may have done so a good while ago, but he did not charge me with dishonesty more than that once—he did not send me away—I went into Mr. Rowlandson's service about six weeks ago—I never mentioned anything about the table till three weeks ago—I never suspected anything wrong about it, having seen several things there.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long ago was it you were charged with stealing something? A. When I had been there about six weeks—I have worked for them just three years—old Roscoe charged me with taking some chaff"—Iwas never taken before a Magistrate nor any policeman sent for—I continued in the service as before—I knew the Roscoes were in the habit of packing goods for Mr. Rowlandson—the table was put into the stable because it was damaged—as soon as I was asked a question about it I made a statement—I have not the slightest reason to quarrel with the prisoner—we were always very good friends—I was unwilling to come as a witness till I was made.





WILLIAM DANIEL SMITH
 (policeman.) On the 7th of June I accompanied Mr. Rowlandson to search the prisoner's premises—I found a table there—Mr. Rowlandson said he thought he knew it—on his saying that, the prisoner aid he bought it at his father's door.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(MR. CLARKSON. stated that the prosecutor had been robbed to the amount of between 1400l. and 1500l.)
