



186. 




MARY JOY
. was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 2nd of November, 1 pair of boots, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



Jonas Proctor, from the person of 



Elizabeth Proctor.






ELIZABETH PROCTOR
. I am seven years old—I go to school, and have been taught the Lord's Prayer—I know it is wicked to tell a lie—I live with my parents, in White Lion-street, Chelsea—I met the prisoner at the top of George-street, in Sloane-street, three weeks ago last Monday—she asked me how my father and mother, and sister were, and said she would give me some apples and pears, and a pair of green boots—she said her mother was just round the corner—I went a little way with her, and she gave me a farthing cake—she took me up and carried me—when we were next door but one to the Dispensary in Sloane-street, she unlaced my boots and took them off—she then went away, and said she would be back in a minute, and bring me a pair of green boots—I went home without any boots—while she was with me I met Maria Smith, and she asked the prisoner if she would let me go home with her—the prisoner said as she had brought me out she would take me home.

Prisoner. I do not know any thing about the child.





MARIA SMITH
. I am single, and live in Three Crown-court. I met the prisoner leading this child three weeks ago last Monday—I asked her if she would let me take her home—she said no, she had brought her out, and would take her home—the child was then walking, and the prisoner had hold of her hand—I am quite sure the prisoner is the person—I knew her before—I spoke to her, and she to me—she went to school where I did.





JONAS PROCTOR
. I live in White Lion-street, Chelsea. On that Monday I sent out my daughter to Sloane-street, on an errand—she had a pair of boots on—she returned crying without them, and said a woman took her boots off—I asked her if she saw any one she knew—she said yes, she saw Maria Smith, and that led to the prisoner being apprehended.





MARGARET DALEY
. of Exeter-buildings, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner, and eight other charges preferred before the Magistrate.)


Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

