



1194. 




WILLIAM BURTON
 was indicted

 for stealing one breast-pin; value 4s. 6d.; the goods of 



John Kettle, from his person.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 



Frederick James Brown, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN KETTLE
. I was at Mr. Savage's on the 11th of March, standing in front of the bar—I lost my pin—I cannot say who took it—this is it—it is mine—I saw it next in Browning's hand.—(See the case of John Crawley, page 899.)

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. Were there some ladies there? A. Yes—there was a girl took out a knife to stab me—that was after I had lost my pin—I never heard that one of the girls picked up the pin—Crawley said a girl gave him the pin that was taken from Browning—I did not give a few pence, and Browning a few pence—I was drinking at the bar—the prisoner did not drink with me—we never had anything to drink with him—the prisoner did not interfere when the woman was talking to me—I believe he called her his wife—I was there altogether from nine till eleven o'clock—there was a concert—I cannot say how many glasses of liquor I had—there might have been two or three among three or four of us—I should say we had not six glasses.





JAMES BROWNING
. After I caught the person taking my pin, I saw Kettle's pin was gone—I said, "You have lost your pin"—he said, "I have"—" I said, "I suspect the person, who was with the person who took mine"—I said, "He is gone out"—I went out, and taxed the prisoner—he said he had not got it—I said I should give him in charge—he put his hand into his pocket, and gave it to me—I took it back to Kettle.


Cross-examined. Q. You are in the service of Mr. Harrison, at the Guntavern, Brighton? A. Yes, I have been, here three weeks—I had between 2l. and 3l. when I came up.





CHARLES SOAMES
 (police-constable D 34.) When I went in, the prosecutor had got hold of the prisoner—the prisoner struck him violently, and cut his eye and his face—a knife was drawn by a woman, but I could not get her.

Witness for the Defence,





CHARLOTTE TURNER
. I was at this place of Savage's, on Monday evening, the 11th of March, I saw the prisoner and Kettle there—I went there about half-past eight o'clock, and continued in the singing-room—I came out at eleven, and Kettle was standing at the bar—the prisoner and another young man were drinking a quartern of gin together—I was standing close by them—I heard the prisoner say he bad lost his pin—they then drank the remainder of the gin, and went outside the door—they had not been gone a minute before I saw a pin lying on the boards, in front of the bar—a young man saw me, and I asked him if it was his—he said, "No"—I went oat, aid said to the prisoner, "Are you the young man who lost your pin?"—he said "Yes," it was a pin with a blue stone—I said 1 bad found a pin, which I would give him—he looked at it, and said it was not his—I said. I would give it him—he stuck it in his scarf—he took it out, and put it into his pocket, and said be should lose it, if it was sticking there, as he had done before—he asked if I would have anything to drink—I said, "No" and went home.

COURT. Q. Where do you live? A. In Hare-street—I am an unfortunate girl—I have not known the prisoner except from seeing him several tines at Mr. Savage's rooms—I never saw Crawley before that night—Watkins is the next witness—I never saw him before that night—I do not know what he is—I believe he lives in Crown-street, keeping business on for his mother—I did not see a fight that night—I did not see any one strike Kettle—there were several women that I had seen before, but none that I was speaking to—I went alone, and went home alone—I have never been at the prisoner's house, nor associated with him—I did not know he was taken till the Wednesday following—I heard several persons talking of it when I went to Savage's rooms again—I go frequently there to see the dancing—I never dance there—do not know whether the prisoner is always there—I have seen him there two or three times—this is the pin (looking at one shown to her by Soames) I picked up—I am sure of that.





THOMAS WATKINS
. I was at Savage's on the evening the prisoner was there—some females were there—I saw Turner give a pin to the prisoner outside the door.

COURT. Q. What are you? A. A spring maker—I work for myself, and keep a shop in Crown-street—I keep my mother—I had been at Savages once before, three months ago, never but once before in my life—I did not know Turner—I came with her to-day—I found her in the court outside the door—last Wednesday evening I was coming down Holborn, I saw her looking at the wax-work—I touched her on the shoulder for a lark, as I wished to speak to her—she said I Was the young man she wished to see, that the young man she gave the pin to that evening had got into trouble, and would I have the goodness to speak—I had never seen her, or the prisoner, or Crawley before the evening I was at Savage's—I said I would come down—I did not know he was taken before then—Turner spoke to me that night at Savage's—she said, "Have you lost a pin?—I said "No"—I know where Turner lives, but never was with her—I might have been at Savage's six or nine months previous, but I do not remember.






CHARLES SOAMES

re-examined. Turner swore she picked up a pin—this is the one that I saw the prisoner take out of his shirt and throw down—it is not the prosecutor's pin she swore to.





THOMAS DOWNHAM
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

