



110. 




THOMAS CHISLETT



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 8l. 14s., with intent to defraud 



Samuel Botson Aldred.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN JAMES ALDRED
. I am assistant to Samuel Botson Aldred, a woolendraper, of 4, Victoria-street, Skinner-street. On 29th Oct., a man brought

me this paper and card—(read, "6 1l. 2 black doth, best you can, for lit. or 11s. 6d.; T. Cook."—Card read:—"T. Cook, tailor and breeches-maker, New Cross, near the gate")—in consequence of which I supplied him with six and a half yards of black cloth, which came to 3l. 14s. 9d.—he then presented me with this check.(read, "Messrs. Rodgers and Company: Pay Thomas Cook, or bearer, 8l. 14s." signed, "Edward Howell")—I gave him change for the check.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do you know Cook? A. Yet; he is a customer of ours.





THOMAS COOK
. I am a tailor, of New Cross—I have known the prisoner about twelve months—he is a hosier and shirt-maker, and I understand has been so a great many years—this order is not my writing—I did not authorise him or any one else to go to Mr. Aldred's and get 3l. 14s. 9d., worth of black cloth—the prisoner never worked on my establishment, or supplied me with any goods—the card produced is one of mine—I gave the prisoner three or four of them in July, and I believe this is one—I do not know Edward Howell—I never had such a check as this—no part of the order is my writing—I believe the body of the check is the prisoner's writing; I have teen him write several times.

Cross-examined. Q. How many times? A. Five or six—the signature to the check is a disguised hand, but it is like the prisoner's writing—there aro letters in the body just like his ordinary writing—the "oo" and the "k" in "Cook" are precisely like his—the whole of the order is his writing—I swear to them both—I can swear to some of the other letters, but am more certain about those—I do not consider the order a disguised writing at all—I have been at the prisoner's counting-house in Size-lane, eight, ten, or a dozen times—I will not swear I have not been there twenty times—I never used it as a place of business—I went there in consequence of a card he gave me, about a rich partner he bad got, and cash being advanced on all descriptions of property—I should never have been there if it had not been for the card—I think I did write one letter there; I will not swear I did not write two—I did not write three or four—I never authorised the prisoner to purchase goods for me from Moses's, or Bousfield's, or Amos's, or anywhere—I know a person named King, by seeing him at the prisoner's counting-house five or six times—I never saw him but there—I never wrote a letter in his presence—I once gave the prisoner a bill to get discounted; he kept it a great time, and I was fearful I should never get it back—I never gave him but one—I have been in my place at New Cross five years—I went through the Insolvent Court five years ago—I have dealt with Mr. Aldred about sixteen years—I have dealt with him since my insolvency—(card read, "Burge, Chislett and Company, Commercial and General Agents, 4, Skinners-place, Size-lane, Bucklers-bury—Cash immediately advanced on every description of property").





CHARLES EDMINSON
. I am a tailor and outfitter, at 91 and 93, Grace-church-street. I know the prisoner's writing—this order is his writing, and the body of the check—I cannot swear positively as to the signature—it is similar in appearance; it appears disguised.

Cross-examined. Q. How long is it since you saw him write? A. I think it may be fourteen or fifteen years; I forget exactly to a year—we did not then part on very good terms—after I had discharged him he brought an action against me—I gave my attorney 100l., to hand over to his attorney—I believe the order is his writing; the whole of it is his style and character of writing—I was examined at the police-court as well as here, after Cook—in consequence of seeing my friend Aldred's name in the newspaper, I went to

him and asked if I could render any assistance in the matter—he knew that I knew Chislett's writing.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you any interest in the result of this inquiry? A. No; I have carried on business in Gracechurch-street above twenty years. ROBERT FREDERICK PRIEST. I am clerk to Messrs. Rodgers and Co., bankers, 29, Clement's-lane—we have no account now at our house to the credit of Mr. C. M. King—the check produced is one belonging to the house—this check-book (produced) is one of those which we deliver for the use of our customers—it bears a date by which I can tell, by referring to a book I have here, that it was given out, on 25th Aug., 1840, to C. M. King, who was then a customer—the check produced has been taken from this check-book.

Cross-examined. Q. How long is it since Mr. King was a customer of yours? A. Four, five, six, or seven years—I think he died soon after the delivery of this check-book in 1840.





HENRY WEBB
 (City-policeman, 258). I took the prisoner on 8th Nov., and said, "I apprehend you for writing some forged orders, and obtaining some cloth"—he said, "I thought you wanted me for some boots"—at the station he gave his address, 11, George-street, Mansion-hose—I told him I was going to search his lodgings, and asked if he had a check-book in his house—he said "No"—he did not tell me in what part of the house he lived—I went to the house, made inquiry of the landlady, Mrs. Webster, and, in consequence of that, went to a bed-room on the second-floor, in a drawer of a chest of drawers there I found a check-book—in my judgment this check came from that book—the book was produced in Court, in the prisoner's presence—he said he knew nothing about it.





THOMAS TURNER
. I am relieving-officer of the London Union. On 17th July, the prisoner received relief from there—I have no independent recollection except by my book—I have a recollection that he has received relief from July to Sept.—I cannot fix on the day of the month, but I have a perfect recollection of his coming within the last four or five months and receiving relief.

Cross-examined, Q. Have you an independent recollection of his having a wife and family? A. Yes; a wife and two or three children—I have not got the number of children down here, only that he received three shillings a week and five loaves, and afterwards he had a loan of five shillings, and then ten shillings.





RICHARD WILLIAMS
. I am one of the principal warehousemen in the East and West India Docks. In Nov., 1847, the prisoner was employed there as a casual labourer, and continued there until Aug., 1848—I was not aware that he was a commission and general agent in Size-lane, and advanced cash.

Cross-examined. Q. He was discharged, from deficiency of work? A, Yes; not from any misconduct—he had 2s. 6d. a day—he was introduced to me as having been a hosier.

COURT
to
THOMAS COOK. Q. How lately did you know him? A. Up to about a fortnight before he was taken; he lived at 11, George-street—I have never been there—he gave me the card at the latter end of June or beginning of July. 


GUILTY
. Aged 49.—


Transported for Ten Years. (There were two other indictments against the prisoner).
