




1294. 




CHARLES ROURKE
 and 




JOHN SAUNDERS
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 pair of gloves, 6d.; 1 watch, 1l.; and 1 watchstand stand, 3s. 6d.; the goods of 



John Dimock Aspland; and that Rourke had been before convicted of felony.







CHARLES DUGARD
. I am a livery stable-keeper at Dalston. On the 3rd of April, about a quarter to eleven o'clock in the forenoon, I was standing at the corner of a public-house near my premises—I went to a window, which commanded a view of Mr. Aspland's place—I saw Rourke go to the side gate—Saunders stood outside—I fetched the man who had given me the information, and went back with him to mv own house—in a few minutes Rourke came out again, with a coat on, buttoned up to the top—Saunders came up to him, pulled up the collar, and smoothed down the back—I went out and met the prisoners—Rourke's hands were in his great-coat pockets—I seized him—he tried to get away, and fell—I fell with him—I held him—my companion seized Saunders—they were given into custody, and searched—while Rourke was being searched, I saw a watch drop from him—the constable took the coat off his back directly he came—this is it—(produced.)





ELIZA ALLEN
. I am in the service of John Dimock Aspland, of Richmond-row, Dalston. This watch, the watch-stand and coat are my master's property—I had seen the coat in the passage, and the watch on the mantel-piece about a quarter of an hour before—they could get to the room by climbing over the wall and getting in at the kitchen door—I did not hear the kitchen door shut—it was shut after the prisoners—they came into the kitchen and through the passage.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-constable N 69.) On the 3rd of April, I saw the prisoners together in the Kingsland-road close to the prosecutor's house—I afterwards went to Richmond-road—the prisoners were given in my charge—Rourke had then a different coat—I took it from his back—the prisoners were searched in the public-house—I saw Rourke drop a watch—I picked it up—this latch-key was found under the sleeve of Saunders's coat—the gloves were in the pocket of the coat.

Rourke's Defence. I was passing the house, and wanted to go to the water-closet; I saw the gate open, went in, and saw the coat there doubled up; I came and told the young man; he told me to put it on; 1 found the watch too.

Saunders's Defence. Rourke went down the turning and came and told me there was a coat lying there; he went back and put it on; it was all over dust and ashes.





MICHAEL COMBY
 (police-constable H 138.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Rourke's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person described.
(Miles Costello, of No. 5, Green-bank, Tooley-street, and Mrs.——, gave Rourke a good character.)

ROURKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


SAUNDERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined for Six Months.

