



1995. 




GEORGE KING
 was indicted

 for that he, being employed under the post-office, on the 
4th of August, at 
St. Anne and Agnes, in London, feloniously did steal a certain post letter directed to "

Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith, 
No. 1, Lombard-street, London," containing 1 10l. promissory note, 1 5l. ditto; 3 sovereigns, and 1 shilling; the property of the 



Right Hon. Thomas William, Earl of Lichfield, her Majesty's Postmaster-General.—7 other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.


MESSRS. SHEPHERD
and
ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCIS NIFFIN
. I am a tailor, and live at Market Bosworth, Leicestershire. On the 3rd of August I had occasion to remit some money to Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith, of London—I wrapped it up in a letter, which my son wrote—I put into the letter a 10l. and a 5l. country notes, three sovereigns, and a shilling, I sealed the letter, took it to the post-office myself, at Market Bosworth, and paid 4d. with it.





ELIZABETH MAIDES
. I am the wife of the postmaster at Market Bosworth—I transact the business when he is out—we forward the London letters to Hinkley. This is the letter bill which went with the letters on the 3rd of August to Hinkley—the numbers of the letters are entered in the bill—I recollect Mr. Niffin posting a letter that day, and paying 4d. for it—I forwarded that letter with others to Hinkley.





ANN HOLLIER
. My father is the postmaster at Hinkley—I assist him in the business. The Market Bosworth mail comes to our house—on the 3rd of August it came all safe, tied up in its proper order—I opened the bag, took out the letters, and stamped them—they corresponded with the number in the bill—I remember one directed to Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith, which attracted my attention, because it was wrapped in the letter

bill itself, and had hard cash in it—it was put in the bag, and forwarded to London, by myself—I generally do it.





ALFRED ROOTS HUBBARD
. I am a clerk in the General Post-office, London. On the morning of the 4th of August I remember the Hinkley mail arriving in town in the usual state—I opened the bag, I broke the seal, the letters corresponded with the bill which came in it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What time did you open the bag? A. Soon after six o'clock, about six o'clock—I have a particular recollection of what passed that morning—I do not know the number of letters which were in the Hinkley bag—the number was not set down in the bill—the amount of the paid letters corresponded with the amount in the bill.

COURT. Q. Your attention was drawn to it by the prisoner being taken up? A. Yes.





UNIACK RONAYNE
. I am a clerk in the Inland department, in the General Post-office, London; the prisoner was a clerk in the same office. On the morning of the 4th of August I and the prisoner were in the same office, separating the town and country and foreign letters, which had arrived that morning—about five minutes after six o'clock, I saw the prisoner take a small letter in his hand—I happened to look towards him, whether he saw me I cannot tell, but he threw it under the foreign box, which is raised about six inches above the table—there was only one row of letters before him then—one of the men then laid two more rows before him, and then he pushed those letters towards the foreign box, which concealed the small letter from my view—he threw a larger one over the small one—he pushed the three rows of letters towards the two letters I have mentioned, having put the large letter over the small one—there is five or six inches between the box and the surface of the table—about twenty minutes after seven o'clock I saw him put his hand under the foreign box, by the side of the three rows of letters, and after fumbling about, he withdrew his hand closed, and appeared to convey something into his pocket—he left the table directly, left that part of the office, and went into another part of his division—I then removed the three rows of letters which I have mentioned, and found the large letter, but the small letter was gone—I reported it to Mr. Holgate, the President of the Inland Office—this is the letter, to the best of my opinion—(looking at it)—I did not see the address, but it was a letter of this size.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in the Post-office? A. Very nearly four years—the prisoner was next above me in the office—he was not placed over me, he was appointed before me—he had been in the office about a month longer than me—I do not know that it is the practice in the office to give rewards to persons who make discoveries of letters; but there is an order in the inland books, saying that a gentleman in the Twopenny Post-office had discovered a person embezzling five letters, and he received a reward of 30l.—I am not aware of any rewards being paid—I think it was a letter-sorter who received that reward—I have met the prisoner's brother and father—I have heard that his father is an old officer in the army—he has lost a leg.





FRANCIS NIFFIN

re-examined. This is the letter I enclosed the money in.





WILLIAM HOLGATE
. I am one of the presidents of the Inland Post-office, London. I was on duty on the morning of the 4th of August—the prisoner was on duty—Mr. Ronayne made a communication to me that

morning, in consequence of which I looked for the prisoner—he was not in the office at that time—I went down stairs to the water-closet, and called him up to do his duty—he answered he would come up immediately—I returned into the office, and he followed in about two minutes, and Mr. Wynne, my colleague, to whom I bad made a communication, took him into a private room, and had him examined.

COURT. Q. Did you observe whether there was any impediment in his speech, when he answered you, at if there was any thing in hit mouth? A. No, I did not.





GEORGE HUXHAM WYNNE
. I am vice-president in the Inland-office. On the 4th of August I received a communication from Mr. Holgate, and saw the prisoner, on his return from the water-closet, about three minutes after Mr. Holgate had spoken to me—I saw him coming from the water-closet—I asked him where he had been—he said, "To the water-closet"—I could tell by his speech that he had nothing in his mouth at that time—I then asked why he left his duty, and said, "Just come With me"—I took him into an inner private room, which I went to through the Inland-office, and across a passage about six feet long—the passage is darkish—when we got to the private room I beckoned to the officer (Tyrrell) to retire, but he did not observe me, and I went into the room—the prisoner followed me in—he had walked by my side in the passage—I then asked him under what pretence he had left his duty, and observing him chewing some paper in his mouth, I said, "What have you in your mouth? take it out"—he made no reply—Tyrrell came up—I told him to take it out of hit mouth, which he did, and it was the letter, which has been produced, addressed to Smith, Payne, and Smith—it was in the state, it is in now, the seal broken, and without any contents—here is the mark of teeth on it—I asked him how he came by it—he said he did not know—I asked him again, and said, "You know perfectly well you should not have had this letter"—he made no answer—the letter should have gone out for delivery about nine o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know whether it is the practice for clerks to make use of the envelopes of letters which have been used at the office? A. No; they do not get into their hands—they are never scattered about, unless they are letters addressed to clerks—I have seen letters returned from the public offices for allowance, and the allowance having been made on them, the covers are thrown aside—the prisoner gave me no account of the letter at the time—he afterwards, in answer to a question from the officer, said it came to him with other letters as waste paper, and he took it down stairs.





ROBERT TYRRELL
. I am a constable at the post-office. I was present when Mr. Wynne came in with the prisoner—I have heard his statement—it is correct—I searched the prisoner in the private room—I forced my finger into his mouth, and pulled out this letter doubled up in this form, wet and chewed—I asked where he got it from—he made no reply—I searched him, and found three sovereigns, one shilling, and one penny, all in his waistcoat-pocket—I searched the other waistcoat-pocket, and found a counterfeit sixpence and two halfpence—in a minute or two the prisoner said he had got the letter from other letters which were put before him, loose letters that came to him; and having occasion to go to the watercloset, he took this with him, and hearing a knock from the outside from Mr.

Holgate to attend, while on the seat, he read the address on the letter, and felt alarmed, and put it into his mouth.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he tell you that the letter was open when he took it down? A. Oh, yes.





RICHARD CRADDOCK
. I am a messenger and constable at the Post-office. I was present at the examination of the prisoner before the Magistrate at Bow-street—before the examination I assisted in searching him in the private room at the office, at Bow-street—when I had gone through the whole of the things he said, "Are you perfectly satisfied there is nothing now?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "But I am d—d if you know whether I have got it now, but I wish to God I had"—I had told him I was ordered to search him, as they were not satisfied that he had not got the notes; and after I had finished searching his clothes he made that observation.





MARK BEACHAM PEACOCK
. I am solicitor to the Post-office. Thomas William Earl of Lichfield is the Postmaster-General.

Cross-examined. Q. Has the amount contained in the letter been paid to Niffin by Lord Lichfield? A. Certainly not—I cannot remember whether Lord Lichfield was in town on that very day or not—the letter would receive the inland stamp in the inland-office—the letter bears the Post-office stamp of the 3rd of August.

MR. NIFFIN
re-examined. I did not take the number or date of the notes.

COURT. to
UNIAC RONAYNE. Q. Would the letters you were then sorting receive the stamp in that office before they went out? A. Yes, but after they left the table where we had been dividing them—this has not received that stamp—it should receive the inland paid-stamp at the next table.





ANN HOLLIER
. re-examined. This which is on it is the stamp of the office at Hinkley.

MR. CLARKSON
called






EMMA KING
. I am the prisoner's sister; I live with my parents, in Portland-place, New North-road, Islington; my father is a retired officer in the army, and has lost his right leg. I remember Monday night, the 3rd of August—my brother had been in difficulties about a debt which he had contracted with a tailor—he generally came home between nine and ten o'clock at night—he went out in the morning from a quarter to twenty minutes after five—on Monday evening, the 3rd, I went with my mother into my brother's bed-room to place three sovereigns on the mantel-piece for him—we placed them there—my brother slept at home that night—I always make my brother's bed—I made it on Tuesday morning—I was not up before he left in the morning, but I was the first who went into his room—the sovereigns were gone then.
(Nicholas Bird, a retired major in the army; John Bell Connolly, retired captain in the army; and John Galibrain, Esq., M.D., Bayswater; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.
