





2754. 




JOHN CANE,



 BENJAMIN CHERRY
, and 




JAMES JONES
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of August, 3 live tame rabbits, price 10s., the goods of 



James Thomas Wheatley; and that Cane had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN ALEXANDER LOUDAN
. I am apprentice to Mr. James Thomas Wheatley, of Waterloo Dock, Commercial-road, Lambeth—he had some live tame rabbits—I saw them safe in a hutch, in a barn, in the dock, on Sunday afternoon, the 28th of August, about four o'clock—on Monday morning, the 29th, about nine o'clock, they were gone—the top of the barn had been taken off, and they had been taken that way—I saw them afterwards at the station—they were my master's—these now produced are them.





WILLIAM GEERS
 (police-constable L 98.) On the morning of the 29th of August, I was in the New Cut, Lambeth—I saw the three prisoners in the Three Compasses—Cane had got something in his breast—I watched and saw Cherry go to a butt which was behind him—I did not see what he did there—I found on Cane this small grey rabbit in his breast, and in Jones's breast this black rabbit—Cherry then held himself out for me to search him—I found no rabbit on him, but a great quantity of grey and white hairs about him—I found a blue handkerchief on a small barrel by

the side of the butt I had seen him go to, and the handkerchief had hairs on it as well—I took the prisoners to the station, and then I heard of a rabbit being at the back of the butt which I had seen Cherry go to—I went there and found this other rabbit—Cane and Jones said they had bought them for 2s. at Blackfriars-bridge.

Cane. I said Jones bought them for 2s., and I took one of them.





SAMUEL CHREES
. I am servant to Mr. Jones, of the Three Compasses, in the New Cut. The prisoners came in there together between four and half-past four o'clock in the morning on the 29th of August—Cherry had a bundle wrapped in a blue handkerchief—I saw him go behind the butt—I then missed the parcel, and he was opening the handkerchief to put it round his neck—the officer took the prisoners—I found a rabbit in a basket at the back of the butt where Cherry bad been.

Canes Defence. I was walking along Blackfriars, and saw Jones talking to a man who had these rabbits in a sack; the man said he should have them for 2s.; Jones asked me to carry one for him, and we went into the public-house out of the rain.

Cherry's Defence. These two boys were sitting in the public-house; they asked if I would look at a rabbit, they showed me one; I caught it in my arms; I left it, and said I was going to work, that was the one the officer pulled out of the basket.

Jones's Defence. A man asked me to buy some rabbits; I gave him 2s. for them.





EDMUND M'DOHNEL
 (police-constable M 96.) I produce a certificate of Cane's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace of Surrey—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

CANE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

CHERRY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.
