



3042. 




EDWARD BAKER
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Roberts, on the 
14th of October, at 

West Ham, and stealing therein, 1 basket, value 1s.; 25 spoons, value 7l.; 16 forks, value 8l.; and one fish-slice, value 15s., his goods; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






CAROLINE REYNOLDS
. I am servant to Mr. James Roberts, of Uptonplace,

West Ham. On the afternoon of the 14th of October, on going into the parlour, I noticed the shadow of a figure on the side-board—I was alone in the house—I looked through the door, and saw the prisoner standing against the dining-room table, in the middle of the room, with the plate-basket in his hand—on seeing me, he turned round, looked at me, and jumped out of the window, taking the plate-basket with him—I followed, and seized hold of him as he was getting over the gate leading into the back garden—I got possession of the plate-basket—I do not recollect whether he relinquished his hold, or whether I took it from his hand, but all in a moment I found the basket in my possession—I laid hold of his coat after I got the basket, and called out "Murder" and "Police"—I felt him, as I thought, shifting to get his coat off—I then let go my hold of the skirts of his coat, took up the plate-basket, went into the back garden, and gave an alarm—he was brought back in about three-quarters of an hour or an hour—I am sure he is the same man—he left his hat behind him, and in it were several religious and other tracts, and a sheet almanack—a coat was also brought to me, which was such a one as he had when I caught hold of him—the plate-basket had been on the side-board before I saw the prisoner with it—the window was at that time shut down—I found it open when I saw him standing in the parlour—the door of the house was shut—there was no other way of getting in except through the window—I do not know how he would get to the parlour window without getting over the wall and the iron palisades—the plate-basket contained the articles stated, which are worth upwards of 20l.—it is my master's property—I gave information to a man named Miller, who went in pursuit—he is too unwell to be here.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE
Q. You were very much alarmed when you saw the prisoner? A. Yes—I had an opportunity of seeing his face while I was struggling with him, and I saw him through the crack of the door before I went into the parlour—I knew him again directly I saw him.





JOHN WILCOX
 (police-constable K 368.) On the afternoon of the 14th of October, I was crossing the fields towards Upton, and saw the prisoner jump over the fence of Mr. Gurney's park, which is, I should say, about three-quarters of a mile from the prosecutors premises—a great number of people were pursuing him—a conductor of the Parcel's Delivery Company stopped him in the park—I took hold of him, and asked why he ran—he said, because other people ran—he was the first man—a person named Miller came up when I got him to the station—in consequence of what he said, I took him to the prosecutor's house, and Reynolds said he was the man that took the plate-basket out of the parlour—he said, "Women must say something; I suppose I must hear it"—this hat was found in the garden, containing tracts and other things, such as people hawk about, and the coat was found in the next house—the prisoner denied that either were his—he put them on at Lambeth-street—he had no hat or coat on when I stopped him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you help him on with them at Lambeth police-ofiice? A. No—one of the officers did.





MARIA THING
. I am the wife of Mr. Robert's groom. I heard somebody call out, and ran up the garden—I saw the prisoner come quickly out of the water-closet—he nearly pushed me down—his hat came off, and he shifted one arm off his coat—he went over the wall, and got away into the next garden.

(Property produced and sworn to.)





ROBERT SUTTLF
.(police-constable B97.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at his trial, and know him to he the person described in this certificate—(read.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 29.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

