




968. 




JOHN GRIFFITHS
 and 




MARK GOODYER
 were indicted for

breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Whiting, at 
St. Sepulchre, on the 
28th of February, with intent to steal, and stealingtherein, 1 box, value 6s.; 74 sovereigns, 48 half-sovereigns, 4 shillings, and 2 sixpences; 13 handkerchiefs, value 20s.; 2 waistcoats, value 10s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s. 6d.; 3 printed books, value 2s. 6d.; and 1 knife, value 2s.; the property of the said Richard Whiting.







RICHARD WHITING
. I am ostler at the Old George Inn, Snow-hill, in the parish of St. Sepulchre. I live in the room over the warehouse—it is my dwelling-house. On Sunday, the 28th of February, I had a box containing the property and money stated in the indictment—I left it safe about three o'clock—I came to the place next about seven in the evening, and found the staple of the warehouse-door was broken, the staple of my room door was drawn, and the box and its contents gone—I have got it and the money back.





JEASON CLEMENTS
. I am under ostler there. I went to Sharp's-alley, Cow-cross—on being alarmed, I saw Griffiths standing with the box on his shoulder, and Goodyer standing by his side—I took the box—both the prisoners ran away—I did not say any thing to them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you say nothing to any body? A. No—I took the box home to my fellow-servant.





WILLIAM HALSEY
. I live in Jerusalem-passage. I was in the tap-room, went up into the prosecutor's room, and missed these things—I went up Holborn-hill, and saw the two prisoners running up the hill as fast as they could run—I saw a policeman, and told him I believed they were the parties who took the box—I had seen them down at the place before—Griffiths was taken—Goodyer ran back, and I took him in Hatton-garden—he said, "For God's sake don't lead me into it, I am a ruined man about the d—d box"—I gave him in charge.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen the parties about the place that evening? A. Yes—I had seen Goodyer there on the Saturday before—I do not know what Griffiths is.





CHARLES BULL
 (City police-constable, No. 288.) I took the prisoner Goodyer—he wanted to know what for—I said I would tell him directly, and when he saw Halsey, he said, "I see how it is—it is a done job."

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask him how he came to be with Griffiths? A. No—he said some confused sentences about kings, and what I could make nothing of.
(Edmund Smith, of Webber-row, Waterloo-road, gave Goodyer a good character.)

GRIFFITHS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

GOODYER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Ten Years.
