




78. 




JOHN OSBORNE
 and 



FREEMAN PARKER
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 



Henry Taylor Roberts, from his person.



MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (police-constable F 62.) On the 28th of Oct. I was in Fleet-street, in plain clothes. I saw both the prisoners—I knew them well before—they were going up Fleet-street, following two or three persons whom they touched up behind to feel if they had got anything—they then saw the prosecutor coming down Fleet-street, and the prisoners and another who was with them touched one another—I then saw Osborne take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, and put it into his own pocket—I said, "Give me that "—he said, "It is mine, but you can have it"—Parker was close to him, but I cannot say that he tried any pockets—I had seen them in company for a quarter of an hour or more, and speaking together.

Osborne. I took it off the ground; he said, "Give me that handkerchief;" I said I had just picked it up.

Witness. No, he did not.





HENRY TAYLOR ROBERTS
. I am a solicitor, and live in Broad-court. On the 28th of Oct., about one o'clock, I was in Fleet-street—I went down to the Crown tavern—the officer Thompson came to me and produced this handkerchief, which I believe to be mine—I have no mark on it, but I have six others like it—I have no doubt it is mine, and my handkerchief was gone which I had had in my pocket.

Osborne. The policeman did not see me take the handkerchief, but he saw it in my hand, and asked me for it; my mother sent Parker to me with some biscuits, and the officer did not take him then, nor for three weeks afterwards.





JOSEPH THOMPSON

re-examined. I had not got the prosecutor then—he would not attend—I had no case against' Parker.

Parker. There is no evidence in this case against me; the prosecutor does not know me, and the officer did not take me at the time.

Osborne. I should like to know what the policeman knows of me?





JOSEPH THOMPSON
. To be an associate of thieves—you absconded once in Kent—two or three others were transported at the time.





JOSEPH WEST
 (police-constable F 106.) I saw the two prisoners and another following some gentlemen, and then they turned and followed the prosecutor—Parker was close behind Osborne, who was secured.

OSBORNE(†)—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years
.

PARKER—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against Osborne for a similar offence on the same day.)
