



1676. 




WILLIAM CONDEN
was indicted

for stealing, on the 
13th of June, 1 purse, value 1d.; 1 medal, value 1d.; 4 sovereigns, 3 halfsovereigns, 3 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 2 sixpences.; the goods of 



Marie Joseph Leon de Serin, from his person.






MARIE JOSEPH LEON DE SERIN.
I reside in Edmund-street, Portmansquare. On Friday, the 12th of June, between two and three o'clock, I was passing along Dean-street, I felt something touch my pocket, and turned round, the prisoner was behind me, and at that moment my purse was in my pocket—a few minutes after I came into Oxford-street, and was about crossing) I heard a gentleman crying, "There is some person taking your purse"—I turned round and saw the prisoner running away—this is my purse—(looking at it)—it contains the money stated.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. There were several people about you in Oxford-street? A. Certainly—the prisoner ram away immediately—I saw his face and recognized him to be the same person who had attempted my pocket in Dean-street—I am a Count, and derive my title from my father—it has been held in the family—I am entitled to it—I am a Frenchman.





JOHN DOWLE.
I Have in Poland-street. On Friday afternoon, about three o'clock, I saw the prisoner pass my shop running—there was a cry of "Stop thief"—I instantly can out, and pursued—I overtook him, and had just caught the skirt of his coat, when he turned short round, and fetchedme a blow right under the eye, which knocked me down—I instantly got up, and pursued him again—I kept him in sight till a brewer's man held up his hands—I came up and collared him—a policeman, came up, and I gave him into his hands.





JANE HOLLOWAY.
I am the wife of Ezekiel Holloway who keeps an Italian warehouse in Poland-street, two doors from Mr. Dowle's. I was in the back part of my shop, on this Friday evening—I heard a noise, and on looking round I observed this, purse banging, on a soap-tray—it was thrown, in by some one—there was no one but me ia the shop—I gave the purse to the officer.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
(police-constable C180.) I heard a cry of "Stop thief, " as I was sitting in my room at Mrs. Holloway's—I lodge there—I looked out of my window, and saw the prisoner running, pursued by Mr. Dowle—I ran down stairs, ran out, and followed; when I got into Berwick-street Dowle bad collared him—I took him to the station-house—he had just passed Mr. Holloway's, as I got to the window.





CHRISTIAN DOLL.
I was in Mr. Dill's shop, at the corner of Polandstreet—I saw the prosecutor pass, and as he crossed Poland-street, I saw a young man follow him, lift up his pocket, and take the purse out—I heard the cry of "Stop thief, " ran to the door, and saw Mr. Dowle come

out of his shop—I only saw the person from behind, but it was the same man that Mr. Dowle had the straggle with.




GUILTY.*Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years

