




250. 




PATRICK BARRETT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of Dec., 1 hat, value 1s., the goods of 



Benjamin Jenkins; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES BLACK
. I am a wine-porter, and live at Lambeth. On the 12th of Dec. I was in Little Russell-street, Covent-garden—I noticed the prisoner and another lad—the prisoner was standing inside the doorway of a tobacconist's shop for nearly twenty minutes, and running backwards and forwards, as if waiting for an opportunity—this attracted my attention, and I watched him and his companion to Drury-lane—they went to a pie-shop, and then the prisoner went to a hatter's shop, he went inside the door, and reached this hat down—he came out, put it on his head, and carried his cap in his hand—he was about moving off, when I ran across the road—he saw me, and threw this hat down—I took it up, and called, "Police!"—the prisoner then disappeared down a small passage—I ran down after him—a neighbour told me a lad had run into the first house—I went in there, and saw a woman with a light—I told her I wanted somebody who had come in there—she said no one had come in there, and she blew out the light—there had been a light in the right-hand room, and that was put out at the same moment—I waited till the policeman came—he and I went into the right-hand room, and there was the prisoner on the bed, with his cap and coat and shoes off—he said he had been in bed all day—I asked him if he belonged to that cap which was on the floor—he said, "Yes"—I said, "You are the person I want"—he said, "I heard you say to the policeman that a boy ran down here that stole a hat"—I had not mentioned anything of the sort.





WILLIAM FARRENDEN
 (police-constable F 36.) I was on duty in Drury-lane, on the 12th of Dec.—I heard a call of "Police!" in Orange-court—I went to the house, where I saw Black with this bat in his hand—he and I went into the room, and saw the prisoner on the bed, and he was given into my custody—he said he heard the witness tell me that a person had stolen a hat from Drury-lane, and run down Orange-court, but on one had told me so—he said he had been in bed all day, and had just got up—he had his waistcoat and trowsers on—his coat, cap, and shoes were off.

Prisoner. I was just putting my waistcoat on when the policeman came in; he was drunk at the time and calling me all manner of names; a woman who lives in the garret was in the house; she heard somebody call out about the hat.

Witness. I was not drunk—I called him no names—there was no one said anything about the hat but the prisoner—he said that the witness told me that somebody stole a hat from Drury-lane—that was not true.





BENJAMIN JENKINS
. I am a hatter, and live in Drury-lane. This bat is my property—it is a hat with oilskin outside—gentlemen wear them for fishing and other things—I had made it for a customer—I had no more of them—it hung by this string, which is on it now—it is worth 1s., trade price.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in bed all day; my mother had been out all night, and I was forced to wait till she came home at seven o'clock in the morning; the witness came in and said, "You are the one, I can swear by this cap," which was in the room, but I had not worn it all day.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-constable F 106.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction which 1 got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted



on 21st of Aug., in the 7th Vict., of larceny, and confined twelve months)—the prisoner is the person—I have known him seven years—he bas been in custody a number of times, and summarily convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
