




596. 




TIMOTHY REGAN
 and 




MARY WOOD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of January, 1 purse, value 2s. 6d.; 4 shillings, and 4 pence; the property of 



John Thomas Brigg, from the person of 



Martha Sarah Brigg; and that Wood had been previously convicted of felony.






SARAH BRIGG
. I am the wife of John Thomas Brigg, and live in Lamb's-passage, Chiswell-street, St. Luke's. On the 7th of January I sent my little girl, Martha Sarah Brigg, who is six years old, for a loaf, and gave her a five-shilling-piece in a steel purse, to pay for it—soon after, I heard her scream—I ran out and saw her and Palmer—my daughter had the bread and the basket, nothing more—she ought to have had 4s. 4d. "change—she told me all about it, and then Palmer came up.





ELIZA ROBERTS
. I am the wife of George Roberts, and live in Chiswell-street. Mrs. Brigg's little girl came and bought a loaf on the 7th of January—I gave her 4s. 4d.—I put it into the steel purse a few minutes after four o'clock.





THOMAS JOHN PALMER
. On the 7th of January, I was in Lamb's-passage—I saw Wood take the money out of the child's hands—it was in a purse—she stood round and took it out of her hand—Regan was on the side of the child—he held his coat-tail up, so that I should not see it—I am sure of that—when they got it, they ran down Lamb's-passage—I gave information.





ROBERT EDWARD DOCKNG
. I keep the Coach and Horses public-house, Blue Anchor-alley, Bunhill-row. A little before five o'clock that day the two prisoners and another came into the house, and called for a pint of fourpenny ale—I put it on the counter—they told me to make a pot of it—they put four penny-pieces down on the counter, and told me to take

the chill off the beer—I put it on the fire, a person came to the door, and shoved it open, they then all ran out, and left their ale and money—Mrs. Brigg came in directly after they went out.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-constable G 20.) On Monday, the 13th of January, 1 went down Whitecross-street, and at the corner of Cherry Tree-alley I saw Regan—I took him, and told him it was for stealing a purse from a little girl—he said he was not there—I gave him in charge, and went lower down, and found Wood standing with two other females—I took her to the station-house, and sat between her and Regan—I got up, and I heard Wood say, "Don't split, or we shall be booked, don't tell them that I know Pinfold or you."





EDWARD LOW
 (police-constable N 114.) I produce a certificate of Wood's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

REGAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Ten Years—Convict Ship.

WOOD*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
