



1734. 




FRANCIS BEARD
 was indicted

for feloniously stealing, on the 
11th of May, a certain post-letter, containing 1 half-crown, the property of her Majesty's Post-Master-General, he being employed under the Post-Office.—Five other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. SHEPHERD
and
ADOCPHVS
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH KEMP
. I live at No. 1, Cheyne's-terrace, Chelsea. On the 11th of May I wrote the letter now produced by Tyrrell—I directed it to "Miss E. Kemp, at Mrs. Leake's, 2, Cadoxton-place, Edgbaston, near Birmingham"—I put half-a-crown piece in a card, put it into the letter, which I sealed, and gave to my sister to take to the office—I believe the card now in it to be the same.





CATHERINE ELIZA KBMP
. I am the witness's sister—she gave me a letter, which I took to the post-office, kept by Mr. Norria, in King's-road, between half-past one and four o'clock—I took it into the shop to be weighed, then asked for two stamps, which I put on it, and then put it into the letter-box.





MART NORRIS
. I keep the post-office at Chelsea. If a letter was put into our office before four o'clock, directed to Birmingham, it would go from our' house to Brompton at a quarter past four—we send a bill with the number of letters—this is the bill which went from our office—it has our stamp on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSOF. Q. Did yougsve receive the letter yourself? A. No, it was dropped into the box.





CATHERINE ELIZA KEMP

re-examined. I dropped the letter into the box.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you take it into the shop? A. yes—I gave it to Mr. Norris, to weigh it, then asked him for two stamps, which I pot on, and dropped it into the box outside.





ROBERT PRINO
 I am letter-carrier of the Twopenny Post-office. On the 11th of May I collected the four o'clock collection of letters from Norris's receiving house—they corresponded with the entry on the letter-bill—I took them to the post-office in Brompton-row, where they sort the General from the Twopenny-post letters—they are told up there, and the amount of them reported to the charge-taker—I then tie them up by myself—Blackhall, the charge-taker, examines them—they are forwarded from there to the chief office in London.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you recollect any thing particular of the 11th of May? A. No, not of that day more than any other.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When was you first inquired of about this? A. Last Friday.





JOHN BLACKHALL
. I am charge-taker at the Brompton post-office, and was so on the 11th of May. I remember that the King's-road collection came to the office that day—a letter directed to Birmingham coming between four and five o'clock, would be forwarded to the London Post-office by the five o'clock despatch—I was at my business on the 11th of May—the letter-bag was properly despatched at five o'clock that day.





WILLIAM SALISBURY
. I am a clerk in the Twopenny Post-office, St. Martin's-le-Grand—I was on duty on the 11th of May, and remember the

Chelsea mail-bag arriving in the evening, in the usual way, properly tied up and sealed—I opened the bag, and found the letters corresponded with the bill—a letter addressed to Birmingham I should pass, with other letters, down the tunnel into the General Post-office.





JOHN FORBES
. I am a messenger at the General Post-office—the prisoner was a letter-carrier in the employ of the General Post-office—I was on duty in the Inland-office on the 11th of May, and saw the prisoner there that evening, employed obliterating the postage stamps—I observed him feeling the letters, between his thumb and fingers, as he went on stamping them—this drew my attention to him—he came to a certain letter, and placed it at the further end of the row of letters he was stamping, and when he came to it he took it up, and placed it along with some others he had stamped, he afterwards took them all up in his hand, and dropped this one on the table—I saw him take up some unpaid letters, and mix this letter along with them—he afterwards went away to another table—I kept my eye on him, saw him put down all the unpaid letters, and retain this one in his hand—he stepped on one side behind the stamper, and put it in his left-hand waistcoat pocket, at the same time drawing his snuff-box out, and taking a pinch of snuff—he went back to his table, and stamped a few more letters—I informed Mr.—Blott, a clerk, what I had seen, and saw him leave the office soon after.

Cross-examinedA. Had you known him long? A. Eight or ten years—he bore a very good character—I had no reason to suspect him before—he was always very lively—this could not be attributed to an act of inadvertence—he took the letter away to another part of the office, where they were stamping unpaid letters—I saw him take this one from them, and put it into his pocket—I did not lay hold of him, because I thought it my duty to inform my superior.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. YOU informed Mr. Blott, and left it to his discretion? A. Yes.





WILLIAM BLOTT
. I am a clerk in the General Post-office—I was on duty there on the 11th of May—Mr. Forbes made a communication to me, in consequence of which I followed the prisoner, who I saw leaving the office—I came up to him in the yard, called him back, and said, "Beard, I want to speak to you on particular business"—I took him to the superintending president's room, and on the road we met Tyrrell, who asked him, "Have you a letter in your pocket?"—he said, "No"—I directed Tyrrell to ask him no further questions—I took him into Mr. Bockenham's the superintending president's room—I then said, "Beard, I have been told you have a letter in your pocket; is it so?"—he said, "No," but almost immediately corrected himself, and said, "Yes, I have; it was given to me in the street, at Hoxton, by a greengrocer"—(Tyrrell had, previous to this, cautioned him that what he might say would be given in evidence against him)—Tyrrell took the letter out of his left-hand pocket—it was sealed—I read the address, and returned it to Tyrrell—the labels have not been obliterated.





ROBERT TYRRELL
. I am a police-constable attending the General Post-office. I was on duty there on the 11th of May, about seven o'clock in the evening—I saw the prisoner leaving the office at the back entrance out of the lobby, leaving the yard, and Mr. Blott following after him, calling him—the prisoner and Mr. Blott returned towards me—I accompanied them to the superintending president's office—on my way there, I asked the prisoner

if he had any letter about him—he said no—he went to he super-intending president's office—Mr. Blott then said he was informed he had a letter in his pocket, and was it so?—the prisoner replied no, and almost at the same moment said, "Yes," putting his right hand towards his left-hand waistcoat pocket—I then put my hand into his pocket, and took out this letter—I cautioned him as to what be might say, and asked where he got the letter from—he said from a greengrocer in Hoxton—I searched him, and found nothing more, but a few dockets and a snuff-box—I opened the letter on the 16th—it contained a half-crown, inclosed in a card—I have kept it ever since.
(The Earl of Chichester; William Coles, of Gloucester-terrace, Hoxton, tailor; George Davis, grocer, City-road; William Beaumont, Thornbill-place, Pentonville; and Joshua Turner, of New Gloucester-street, builder, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury on account of


his good character,—



Transported for life.
