




1736. 




ROBERT WISHAW
 and 




JOHN BRENNAN
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of the 

Guardians of the West London Union, about two in the night of the 
31st of May, at 



Edmonton, and stealing therein, 1 loaf of bread, value 2d.; 1lb. weight of mutton, 4d.; and 1/2lb. weight of butter, 3d.; their goods.—2nd. Count, stating them to be the goods of 



Thomas Poole Parker; and that Brennan had been before convicted of felony.



MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS POOLE PARKER
. I am master of the school of the West London Union, for the education of the children of the poor—the school-house is in Meeting-house-lane, Edmonton—the house and property are in my charge—I reside there—the servants there are paupers, receiving parish relief, and doing the work for that relief—they are entirely under my control—I have the entire management of the house—on the night of the 31st of May, I saw all the premises fastened up at eleven o'clock, every part of them, and between two and three o'clock in the morning I was alarmed by the house-dog barking—I went down stairs about half-past two, listened tome minutes, heard nothing, and finding things as I had left them, went up again—I was alarmed again in about half an hour, by the dog barking—I went down, and heard a rustling noise in the house—I went up, dressed myself, came down, and found the scullery-door open, which had been fastened the night before—I proceeded to examine the window, and found three wooden bars were removed from the pantry-window, which window is outside, in the yard—the yard is between the house and the road—there is a store-room at the back of the house, quite distinct from the pantry—it appeared to me that an iron bar had been forced out of its place at the store-room window—the store-room and pantry are all under the same roof—the scullery it between them—an entry appeared to have been effected into the store-room, by removing on iron bar from the out-side—a person could not get from the store-room to the pantry, as the store-room was locked—I found foot-marks of mud in the store-room, but nothing gone from there—that window is at the back of the house, but the pantry window at the side—I missed from the pantry a loaf of bread, the remains of a loin of lamb, and some butter—that is the property of the guardians of the West London Union—a person could get into the pantry, by breaking the wooden bars down—I afterwards found the prisoners together in a water-closed by the store-room window outside the building—I saw some crumbs of bread on the seat of the privy, and some small pieces of fat, similar to mutton fat—some butter rolled in a handkerchief, and part of a rushlight—it appeared somebody had been eating, and dropped the crumbs on the seat—I believe the butter had come form the pantry, as about that quantity was missing—I weigh it out for the inmates—we had rushlights of a similar description in the pantry—I collared the prisoners, and said, "You vagabonds, what business have you here?" they said they came for a night's lodging—I said, "Who broke down the bars of the pantry-window?"—they said, "Some of your boys might have done it; "but all our boys were up in bed, and it was not done when I went to bed at night—I held them till I gave them in charge.

Brennan. He said at Edmonton the rushlights were in the store-room. Witness. I said I had rushlights in the store-room and pantry.





JAMES BARTLETT
. I am a policeman. On the night in question I went to the school-house, got over the yard wall, and found Parker holding the prisoners, who were trying to get away—I took them, and found a large spike nail on Wishaw—I looked at the pantry window, found three bars broken down, and marks on two of them which corresponded with the nail, where it had been ripped off—I found the back door, which leads into the house, had a mark of this noil on the door-post—the fetch of the door was bent back three or four inches, and the door wide open—it appeared to have been done with the nail—I found a bar removed from the store-room, and replaced again—there

were footmarks inside on a white table where they had got down—I saw the crumbs on the privy seat.





ROBERT BARTHOLOMEW
. I was in the house—the boys alarmed me—I went down, and saw the prisoners in charge—they had been inmates of the house for about half a year, and had been away about three years and a half.





WILLIAM CHAMBERS
. I am clerk to Mr. Pontifex, who is clerk to the West London Union. I produce the order of the Poor-law Commissioners with their seal—the guardians have acted under that for five years—Mr. Buckmaster is chairman of the board of guardians.

Brennan's Defence. I was going by the house; Mr. Parker ran out of the gate, and said, "You have been breaking my house open." He took us down the yard to the closet, and showed us the store-room. I was never in the closet at all. A woman came and locked the gate. I think he must have opened the door to come out after us.

JURY
to
T. P. PARKER. Q. Was there any other property lying about? A. No, nothing they could take—I was alarmed too soon—I did not examine the size of the footmarks—my wife came to my assistance, and one of the prisoners kicked her on the knee.





ELEAZER KIBBLEWHITE
. I am a policeman. I was present at Brennan's former conviction—I had apprehended him—I have the certificate—I am quite certain he is the person—(read.)

WISHAW—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.


BRENNAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

