




2356. 




MARY WRIGHT
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
8th of July, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 3d.; 1 watch-key, value 3s.; and 1 sovereign, 10s.; the property of 



James Hopper: and 





JANE CHAPMAN



, for feloniously receiving 1 watch, 1 key, and 1 ribbon, part and parcel of the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






JAMES HOPPER
. I am a mariner, and belong to the Leeds. On the 8th of July I fell in with the prisoner Wright in the evening—I got into discourse with her, and went home with her to a place which, I believe, is called Pope's-alley—it was a small house, close by the Lebeck's Head public-house

—I saw no woman there hut Wright, and I slept with her in the room up stairs—before I went to bed I saw my money was safe, one sovereign and 12s.—I took off my trowsers, and my watch was in the fob—I got up about seven o'clock in the morning, and my watch was then gone, and all my money, but 2s.—I accused Wright of it—she denied all knowledge of it—she said I had neither watch nor money when I came in, but I had—I cannot tell whether the door was locked—she prevailed on me to breakfast with her—I took a cup of coffee, but my ship went off that evening, and I was obliged to go—I went to the north, and came back again, before I gave information, which was about a month or five weeks after—I then told the police-officer, and he found my watch—this is it—(looking at out)—my name is on the cap of it—I do not know any thing of Chapman.

Wright. You had no money nor watch, except 2s., which you gave me, and you tried to get out without giving me that. Witness. I found I had but 2s. left—I was both to give that, but she got my waistcoat, and would not let me have it till I gave the 2s., which I did—I had my watch and money when I went in.





THOMAS VESPER
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce the watch which was pawned on the 9th of July in the name of "James Gardner"—I cannot say who by—on the 16th a person produced the duplicate, and said, "Mrs. Chapman says will you lend 5s. more on this watch?"—I did so, and gave her a new duplicate—on the 30th of July a person came and said the same words, and had 5s. more, and a new duplicate for 1l. 10s. in the name of "Mrs. Chapman"—I have known the prisoner Chapman for ten years—it is her I speak of—after that I saw her in August at my shop—I had then received information, and asked her if she had pledged the watch, or sent it to be pledged—she said, "Yes"—I asked if it was her property—she said, "No," it was left her by a person for security for money, and that she believed he was master of a ship—she said she did not recollect his name, and he had authorized her to pledge it if necessary.





EDWARD GEORGE STONE
. I am a policeman. I was spoken to about this—I found the watch at Mr. Vesper's on the 26th of August—I told him it was stolen, and wished him to stop it—I sent a letter for the prosecutor to arrive as soon as possible—I then took him to a house where I thought the party that stole it was—he went, and saw Wright and two other females in the room—he beckoned to me, and told me Wright was the one—I told her I wanted her to go to the station-house with me—she said, "What for?"—I said, "This man gives you in charge"—she said, "I never saw the man in my life in my house"—the prosecutor said, "No, I don't say I have been in this house"—she then said, "I never saw him in my life"—she had moved four or five days before to another house—she was not in the house the prosecutor was robbed in—Wright was then examined, and when we came out she told me where Chapman lived—I went and found her at home—I said I wanted her to go a little way with me—she said, "What about?"—I said I would tell her, and when she came out, she said, "It is about a watch, is it not?"—I said, "It is"—she said, "I have had that five months, I had it from a tall man with a long nose, I showed it to a number of girls in the lane"—I then took her to Mr. Vesper's, and he said, "It is a pity to take her up, she has been a customer of mine for ten years"—when I asked her for the duplicate she took down a Bible and gave me the duplicate.


Chapman. I did not say 1 had had it five months, I only had it three months.

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.

CHAPMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.




Transported for Seven Years.
