



2748. 




WILLIAM JAMES
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John King, on the 
9th of September, at 
West-ham, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 3l.; 1 spoon, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; the goods of 



John King: and 2 pencil-cases, value 2s. 6d.; 1 punch-ladle, value 3s.; 1 ring, value 3s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.,; the goods of 



John Bacon.






JOHN KING
. I worked on the North Eastern Railway, and live at Westham—I lived in the house, and paid rent for it. On the 9th of September I went out at a quarter-past eight o'clock in the evening—all the fastenings were complete—there was nobody left in the house—I locked my street-door, and took my key with me—I left my property all secure, and amongst it the property stated in the indictment—I was out all night, and returned at six on the following morning—I found my property had been removed, and almost all my things tied up in a bundle—every drawer and box had been broken, every thing taken out and packed up in one large bag, which was against my street-door, and my umbrella close to it, all close to the door, prepared to be carried away—I found in the bag the articles stated in the indictment—John Bacon had lodged with me, but he was then gone, and had left his things in my care—I suppose the person who had got in my house had had a picklock key—I am quite sure I had locked my door—the value of my articles and Bacon's was about 5l.—I had not been in the least acquainted with the prisoner, and he had no right or reason to come to my house.





ELIZABETH HEDGES
. I live next door to the prosecutor. On Tuesday, the 7th of September, I saw the prisoner near the prosecutor's house, about half-past one o'clock in the day—he was at that time a stranger to me—I went to my own door by accident, and he was standing on the curb, outside Mr. King's door—I told him Mr. King was not at home—he walked up towards my door, and said, "Can you tell me what time he will be at home?"—I said, "I do not exactly know, I will ask"—I asked Mrs. Hastings, and she said Mr. King was at home—I then told the prisoner Mr. King was at home, and to go and knock—he knocked twice—Mrs. Simpson then said Mr. King was gone to bed—the prisoner said, "Ah, poor fellow, I will let him have his nap out, and call again in half-an-hour"—on Thursday evening, the 9th, about twenty minutes after nine, I saw the prisoner again—I was standing by my own door, and saw his head peep

out—it rather alarmed me—I still kept my standing, and I saw it again—I went and knocked at Mr. Simpson's door—I said, "Do come out. here is some one peeping round the corner, at Mr. King's"—Mrs. Simpson came to the door with a light—the prisoner then came out of Mr. King's door, and said "Good night," as if he was speaking to Mr. King in the house—he then passed, and I said, "That is the man that came to King on Tuesday"—he must have heard me say that—he then went up the street, and stopped at Mr. Matthews's grating—he looked to see if we proceeded any further, and when he found we were making a disturbance, he went off out of the street—Mr. Simpson got the policeman, and they broke the door open, and there we saw these things—the prisoner passed me quite close—I swear positively he is the man who came out of that house that night, and whom I had seen on the Tuesday—I did not hear Mr. King's door open or shut till the prisoner came out—I was in my own house when he went in.

Prisoner. Q. Where was you when you saw the person you say was me, peeping round the corner? A. By my own door—I saw your head, it disappeared, and came the second time—I had seen Mr. King go out to work, and wished him good night—it was a dark night—there are no lamps there—I was by Mrs. Simpson's door when you shut Mr. King's door.

COURT. Q. Do you believe he is the man that was peeping? A. Yes—I am quite sure he is the man who asked me the questions on the Tuesday, and that came out of the house that night—we passed close to me—Mrs. Simpson had a candle.





NAOMI SIMPSON
. I am the wife of Theophilus Simpson, a carpenter; I live next door to Mr. King. I heard Mrs. Hedges speak to the prisoner on the Tuesday, and I spoke to him—I am quite sure the prisoner is the man—I was sitting with my front door open—I came to the door, and said, "Mr. King is at home"—the prisoner said, "Poor man, let him have his nap out, I will come again in half-an-hour"—I sat with my door open, and he did not come—on the Thursday night I saw him again, about nine o'clock—I heard the clock strike—I had been at home twenty-five minutes or half-an-hour when Mrs. Hedges knocked at my door—I brought the candle, and I saw the prisoner—I held the candle in his face—he came out of Mr. King's door—I saw him come out, and he said "Good night"—I swear he is the same person I saw on the Tuesday—he passed so close to me on Thursday night that I could have touched him, and I knew then that he was the man I saw on Tuesday—he went up the street to Mr. Matthews's, and then turned round to see whether we proceeded any further—we were then knocking at the door, and the prisoner went away—. the door easily opened, and the things were tied up as has been described.

Prisoner. Q. Where were you standing when the person you say was me was coming from the prosecutor's house? A. On the step of my own door—I did not tell the Magistrate I was alarmed, and I was not—you put your hand up, and drew it down your face, I suppose to couceal it—Mrs. Hedges was standing close by me.





JANE HASTINGS
. I live at No. 4 in that street. I remember, on the Tuesday, seeing the prisoner talking to my neighbour, Mrs. Hedges—I told him I thought Mr. King was at home—he said he would not disturb him, he would let him have his nap out, and call again in half-an-bour—on the Thursday I saw the same man again—I am positive he is the same

man—I heard Mr. King's door shut about twenty-five minutes past nine o'clock—I and my husband were standing at our door—the prisoner passed us, and I said to my husband, "That is the same man who came down for Mr. King on Tuesday, and he is now come out of his house."

Prisoner. Q. How far from his house do you live? A. I live at No. 4, and his is No. 10—I heard the door close, and in two or three minutes you came past—the night was very dark—we had two lights in our room—my husband had been writing at a desk, and he then stood at his door with a pipe—you then went and stood at Mr. Matthews's.





JOHN RIVINGTON
 (police-constable K 336.) On the 9th of September I was called to the prosecutor's house about half-past nine o'clock—I found a great quantity of wearing-apparel packed up in this bag—the chest of drawers and several boxes had been broken open—the whole of the things taken out and packed up ready to be carried out—the box into which the catch of the door went, appeared to have been slightly cracked—I applied my knee to the door, and it easily opened—I could not say whether a key had been used or not—the articles were owned by the prosecutor—they are not in Court now.





JOHN WICKINS
 (police-constable K 363.) I apprehended the prisoner.





JOHN KING

re-examined. I saw the property when I came home—it was what I had left perfectly secure when I left the house—this bag is not mine.

Prisoner. Q. Did yon lose any thing? A. Yes, a coat, two handkerchiefs, and some other things of mine, and what belonged to my wife.





JOHN BACON
. I lodged at Mr. King's—I left some of my things there—I heard of this about half-past five o'clock the next morning, as I was working at Hornsey—I had left my things at Mr. King's, in a box which had been forced open—I saw the things that were found—part of them were mine, and had been safe on the Monday morning when I went away—they were worth 2l.

Prisoner's Defence. I stand here innocent of the charge, and must throw myself on your mercy.




GUILTY
.* Aged 36.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

