



2438. 




WILLIAM BRAXTON COOPER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of October, 6 oxen, value 60l., the goods of 



Thomas Kenrick, hit master.






FREDERICK HARRIS
 (City police-sergeant, No. 206.) On Friday morning, the 9th of October, I went to Smith field, and saw six Scotch oxen tied up in a particular spot—in consequence of something I had beard, I questioned the salesman—in consequence of what he told me I waited about tome time, a little distance from the beasts, to see if the person who had brought them would return, and about two o'clock I went to the horse-market—I also went to Hill and Sons, the bankers, and told them to stop the money and detain the party—I was sent for about a quarter-past nine next morning by Mr. Hill, saw the prisoner there, and took him to the station-house—I asked him his name—he said William Braxton, and that he was a fanner at Rom ford—I asked him if he could give me any reference in London as to who he was—he said no, he made no acquaintances, and did not know any one—he offered to go with me to Romford to show me the farm, and thinking he might be a respectable man, I took him to my own house, changed my clothes, and went with him—when we got to Whitechapel, on my agreeing with a spring van to take us, as there was coach, he said it was too dear, he would go by a fly—we went a little distance, and he then said he would give me 5l. if I would make it all right—I said, "5l."—he said, "D—my eyes I will give you 10l."—I said, "What for, what am I to do?"—he said, "You can go down to Crow Farm, and come back and say it all right"—I immediately said, "You are my prisoner, consider yourself in custody"—I took him back to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What was the hour when you first saw the beasts in the market? A. About eleven o'clock—there was no one with them but the salesman—I have been in search of a man named John, who was formerly the prosecutor's servant, but have not been able to find him—I went to look for him, in the first instance, in consequence of what was told me by the salesman—the prisoner said he should not like to he disgraced by my going down to Roxnford with him—I asked him if he kept the farm there, and he said no.





JAMES JOHN BRADY
. I am a drover, and live in Brandon-street, Walworth. On Friday morning, the 9th of October, between nine and ten o'clock, six beasts were brought to me to tie up in the market—I did not see the prisoner when the beasts came—I did a quarter of an hour after—he was brought to me to know whether I had tied the beasts up or not—he asked me where his man was—I said, "Over the way, having some bread and cheese"—we went over to the public-house, and he asked me my employer's name—I told him, "Edwin Bartrum, salesman, in Lock's-fields, Walworth"—I got my master's direction written out, and likewise the prisoner's—he said his name was Braxton, and he came from Romford—he asked if the beasts were sold, where he was to apply for the money—I told him at Hill and Son's, 17, Smithfield—my master pays money there when things are sold.

Cross-examined. Q. There was a man there that brought the beasts to you? A. Yes—I do not know his name—we saw him in the public-house—I have not seen him since.





EDWIN BARTRUM
. I am a salesman, and live in Lock's-fields, Walworth. On the 9th of October, about half-past nine o'clock in the moning,

the prisoner had six beasts tied up at my rail in Smithfield—he said they were his, and wished me to sell them—he asked me what they would make—I said they might come to about 8l. or 8l. 10s. a piece—he said he should wish to have them sold, for he was short of keep—I asked him if I was to give the money and bill to his man, or leave the money in the banking-house—he said he would call for his account on the Monday following—I sold the beasts about two o'clock the same day, at 8l. a piece, and paid the money at Hill's—I made a communication to Mr. Hill, and told him to take particular care before he paid the money, as I could find no such person lived at Rom ford, and if they thought proper to detain him.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was it you first saw the prisoner? A. Just in Smithfield, Giltspur-street way—he came to me after my man had spoken to me—I had some conversation with the man who brought then in the public-house—I asked where his master lived, and he said at Rom ford—the prisoner was the first person I saw.





PHILIP HILL
. I am son of Mr. Hill, a banker, in Smithfield. On Saturday, the 10th of October, about a quarter after nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came there, and asked for the account of six beasts sold by Mr. Bartrum for Mr. Braxton—I went to the drawer for the bill, and there was a notice appended to it that the money was to be stopped—I went and inquired what for, sent for a policeman, and the prisoner was taken.





THOMAS KENRICK
. I live at Oxgate-farm, in the parish of Wilsden, Middlesex—the prisoner was my bailiff—he did not live near Romford—I went down to Margate on the 6th of October, leaving all my stock in the prisoner's charge, sheep and cattle of every description—I never gave him orders to sell any thing—I had only bought these oxen at Barnet Fair—they were at Bloomfield farm, Hendon, about a quarter of a mile from Oxgate farm—the prisoner lived in a house on that farm—I afterwards saw these six beasts at St. George's, Southwark—they are Scotch oxen—I gave 10l. a piece for them—the prisoner was with me when I bought them, on the 6th of September, and drove twelve of them home—he had no authority to remove them for any purpose.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you a man named John in your employ before the prisoner? A. Yes—the prisoner was four or five months in my service—I had a good character with him, and trusted him to count my stock every day—I never knew any thing wrong of him—I have been robbed repeatedly—I cannot find John—they have got him out of the way—I came to town on the Saturday evening—the prisoner was taken that morning—Bloomfield farm was the proper place for these cattle—they had liberty to range the fields there—there are two outer gates, and I gave the prisoner two locks to lock them—I have since examined one gate, and the staple is drawn, as my man tells me—John was only with me a few months—we had an altercation, and he left—the prisoner had all the keys—I have got the beasts back—Brady has seen them in my possession.





JAMES JOHN BRADY

re-examined. I saw the beasts in possession of Mr. Kenrick's man on Saturday morning last, coming from St. George's market—they are the same as were sold at Smithfield.

Cross-examined. Q. How did you know them again? A. By the brand mark on the loin, which is a patch of tar—it was no particular shape—I knew them by a mark I put on them myself afterwards, three clips of the tut and "W" on the rump—I know my own mark—I have marked

others the same way for a Mr. Wiseman, but not latterly—I always put the mark of the person who employs me.





THOMAS KENRICK

re-examined. I have no beasts marked with the W in the manner the witness says, besides those six which I lost—they have been so cut about, they are not worth so much by 6l. a beast, as they were before.
(William Ingle, jun., a linen-draper is Shoreditch, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.
