



1966. 




JOHN CARR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of July, at 

St. Mary-le-Bow, 7 robes, value 100l., the goods of 



Rebecca Corrock, in the dwelling house of 



Edward Holmes.






JAMES WATKINS
 (City police-constable, No. 429.) On the 15th of July, at eight o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in King-street, Cheapside, and saw the prisoner standing at the corner of Prudent-passage, with an empty black bag on his arm—I did not watch him then—a few minutes after I saw him with a full bag over his shoulder—I went after him, and stopped him near the corner of Old Jewry, in Cheapside—I told him I did not feel satisfied about the contents of his bag, and I wished to know what lie had in it—he said it was work belonging to his brother, and he was going to take it home for him—I asked where his brother worked—

be said be did not know, it was not his business to ask him—I said I should make it my business to detain him till I was satisfied—I took him to the station, and found the bag contained these seven Alderraanic robes, with the name of "R. Corrock" on them.





REBECCA CORROCK
. I have a warehouse at No. 39, King-street, in the house of Edward Holmes, it is in the parish of St. Mary-le-Bow. I looked over my warehouse on the 15th of July, in consequence of information I had received, and missed these seven robes, which are worth 100l. or 100 guineas—I am in the habit of supplying the Aldermen with robes at Guildhall, and at this Court—I am the owner of them—I also lost some broad cloth, which has not been found—my warehouse is on the first floor—the person must have gone up stairs to get the robes—they were lying on the counter—I saw them safe there on Tuesday night.

Prisoner's Defence. On Thursday morning I met my brother in Threadneedle-street—he asked if I wanted a job—I said I did not care—he took me down Ironmonger-lane way, and said, "Wait here till I come back"—I waited—he came, and gave me these things, and said, "Take them home"—I asked where he lived, as I had not seen him for a good bit before—he said, "At No. 2," or "No. 16, Old Street-road," and as I was going along the policeman stopped me.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
