



2103. 




SAMUEL RICHARDSON, alias
 Henry Fowler

, was indicted

 for uttering a counterfeit shilling to 



Robert Tritton, on the 
10th of June, having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. WILDE
and
E. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Samuel Richardson at this Court, at the Jan. session, 1838—I have examined it with the original record, and it is a true copy—(read)





GEORGE HOARE
. I am deputy-governor of the House of Correction of Middlesex, and was so in Jan. 1838. I know the prisoner—he was imprisoned there for two years, for uttering counterfeit coin—I have no doubt he is the same person.





JOSEPH DAVIES LEATHART
. On the 10th of June, about six o'clock in the evening, I was in Regent-street, and saw the prisoner with two women—I saw him take something from one of the women, which looked to me like a shilling—seeing that, I watched, and saw the prisoner go into a silk-mercer's shop in Regent-street, and come out again—I went into the shop, and made inquiry—when I came out I saw him again, and watched him into another shop, and one of the women went into another shop—I think it was a public-house, but I lost him and the two women—I afterwards saw him join the women, and after going through several streets they went into Oxford-street—he joined the women again after coming out of the silk-mercer's, and after he came out of another shop, just at the back of Regent-street—I met Hancock, the policeman, and told him something—I afterwards saw the prisoner go into Mr. Tritton's public-house—the two women went past the house—the moment he came out I went in, and made inquiries—I came out, he rejoined the women, and I followed them down Regent-street—he stopped at Mr. Reed's, a biscuit-shop, at the corner of Hanover-street, and went in there—he came out, joined the women again, and went down Maddox-street, at the back of the church, and went into the Coach and Horses, at the corner of Conduit street—after he came out I went in and made inquiry—he rejoined the women, and went into Bond-street—we then lost him again—the two women waited for him—I again saw him join the women, and go up towards Old Bond-street, towards Piccadilly, and go into Mr. Mansfield's

public-house—he came out, rejoined the women, and went into Piccadilly, where they were all three taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. What are you? A. A paper-hanger and decorator—I am in the employ of a firm in Oxford-street, and have been so for the last eighteen years.

Q. How came you to be watching these persons in the way you describe? A. I have got an unfortunate suspicious way of looking when I see these characters, and I cannot help it—I have been afflicted with this suspicious way of looking for some years—I am sorry to say I have often been engaged is these sort of things—you, gentlemen, call me the thief-taker—when I see these characters I take them—I am not employed by any one to do so—I always do it of my own accord—I have been a parish constable—I am not one now—I cannot say how often I have been a witness—I do not make a good income by it—it is money out of my pocket, but I cannot help it.





ROBERT TRITTON
. I keep the Nag's Head public-house, in Oxford-street. On the 10th of June, about a quarter past six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came in, asked for a glass of half-and-half, and gave a shilling in payment—I took it up, and laid it on one side, on the underneath counter—I gave him sixpence, and 4 1/2 d. in copper, change—he merely put the beer to his lips, and then left it—he might have drank one-fourth—I was engagedin giving change to another party, and the prisoner knocked on the counter, and said, "Now, landlord"—I gave him the change, and he left—Leathart then came in, and asked a question, in consequence of which I looked at the shilling, and found it bad—I marked it, wrapped it up in paper, and put it into my pocket, that it should not get mixed with other money—I gave it to Hancock the same night—it had never been out of my possession, and I am positive it was the shilling I received from the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long after you received it was your attention called to it? A. Scarcely a moment—I had never seen the prisoner before—I did not see him for above a minute or two—I saw him again on Monday morning—this was on Saturday evening.





LOUIS ORTNER
. I keep the Coach and Horses, in Conduit-street. On Saturday, the 10th of June, about a quarter to seven o'clock in the evening, a man came to my house, and asked for a glass of porter—I will not swear to the prisoner—my wife served him, in my presence—he threw down a shilling in a slop where some beer was spilt—I took it up and threw it into the till—at that time there were two shillings, some sixpences, and half-a-crown, in the till—I had taken a great deal of silver out a few minutes before, and put it into another place—I noticed that the shilling was a dark one—my wife gave a sixpence, a fourpenny-piece, and a halfpenny, change, and the man went out at one door as Leathart came in at the other—he asked some questions; in consequence of which, I looked into the till, and found three shillings there—I took out a dark shilling—the other two were white, and of the old reign, not at all like this, and it was wet—I found it was bad—Hancock came in directly after Leathart—he bit it, and told us to keep it till he returned—I wrapped it up in paper, and put it into my pocket till he came back at night—I am sure I gave him the same shilling—no person came in between my receiving the shilling and Leathart coming in.





CHARLES MANSFIELD
. I am a victualler, and live in Old Bond-street. On the evening of the 10th of June, a man, (I cannot say whether it was the prisoner.) came in and asked for a glass of porter—he gave a shilling in payment—I gave him change, and put the shilling into the till—there were from eight to ten shillings in the till—the man drank about half of his beer, and left immediately—Leathart then came into the shop—no one had

come in between the person's going out and Leathart's coming in—in consequence of what he said, I inspected my money, and found a bad shilling—I marked it, and afterwards gave it to Hancock—I could not say that the shilling I marked was the one I received from the man—I turned the money all out on the counter, and detected it.





JOHN SIMS HANCOCK
 (police-sergeant E 12.) On Saturday evening, the 10th of June, about six o'clock, I was in company with Leathart, in Oxford-street, and saw the prisoner there with two women, close by Blenheim-steps—I saw the prisoner leave the two women, and go into Mr. Tritton's, come out again, and join the women—Leathart went in directly, came out, and spoke to me—I followed them into Conduit-street—the prisoner went into the Coach and Horses, and came out again—Leathart went in, and I followed him—the landlord was then looking at the shilling—the prisoner joined the women afterwards at the bottom of Conduit-street, and there I lost him—I saw him again afterwards—he joined the women, and went into Mr. Mansfield's public-house—he came out again—Leathart went in, came out, and we followed them into Piccadilly, where, with the assistance of two of the C division, I took them—Mr. Ortner showed the shilling to me—this is it—it it a dark one—I marked it, and returned it to him—I afterwards received the same shilling from him—I searched the prisoner, and found on him one shilling, sixteen sixpences, ten fourpenny pieces, and 1s. 7 1/2 d. in copper, all good.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I have examined all the shillings—they are all three counterfeit, and all cast in the same mould.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

