




893. 




JOHN AUSTIN
 and 




WILLIAM SKINNER



, stealing 50lbs. weight of hay, value 2s.; the goods of 



Sarah Ellis. Austin having been before convicted.






THOMAS ELLIS.
 I am servant to Sarah Ellis. On 2nd Feb., at seven o'clock in the evening, I put eight trusses of hay of hers in a shed in the market, at Marylebone—next morning one was gone—I have compared the truss produced with the other seven, and believe it is the same as the others.






JOHN DARE.
 I am private-watchman in the market. On 2nd Feb., about nine o'clock in the evening, I saw Skinner go into the shed where the hay was—Austin went to him—Skinner brought out this truss of hay, and Austin followed him—I took Skinner and the truss.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. I believe Austin got away? A. Yes—I saw him again the same evening, at a public-house—he said he had not been out of that public-house—that evening—I had known him before—this was about nine o'clock—there was light from the shops in the market—I had had conversation with Austin before—I fell convinced he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. Had you known Skinner before? A. Yes, I locked him in the stable that evening, and he pushed the lock back and got out—he was taken next day—I do not know whether he had been drinking—he did not appear so.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






JOHN FREELAND.
 I am fruiterer. I have known Austin twenty years, but have missed him perhaps four or five years—when he was taken I was at the Champion, at the corner of Exeter-street and Earl-street—I was at the bar about two hours—Austin was there about half-past seven o'clock, and I did not lose sight of him till I left the house, at nine or half-past—it was after I left that he was taken—he was not in my company, but I treated him with a pint of beer—I do not believe he was out of the house—I left him there.

COURT.
Q. Who else was there? A. There were eight to ten—I do not know the landlord or his wife—I do not know whether it was a male or female who served me—I think it was last Wednesday that I heard Austin was taken—it was about the middle of last week—his brother told me, and I said immediately, "I was there"—I have not seen him since—I really cannot tell what day it was—it was the beginning of last month.





JOHN MANNING
 (policeman, D 44.) I produce a certificate of Austin's former conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1840, by the name of John Savage, having been before convicted, transported for seven years)—the prisoner is the person.

Austin. It is all false; I was never here in my life. Witness. I assisted in taking him for that robbery in Feb., 1840—he was tried in this Court on 9th March—I was present—I knew him before he was committed, and since he has come home.





GEORGE GRANT
 (police-sergeant, D 3.) I assisted in taking Austin in Feb., 1840—he was tried in the name of John Savage—I was not in the Court when he was tried.

AUSTIN—


GUILTY. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.


SKINNER—


GUILTY. Aged 28.—



Confined Two Months.

