



2046. 




FRANCIS ABBOTT
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 14l.;, the goods of 



Thomas Singleton.







JAMES SUMMERS
 (Bristol police, No. 41.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 3rd of July, at Montague-terrace, Bristol—I told him it was for obtaining two gold watches from Mr. Singleton, under false pretences—he said, "Oh," and smiled, "it must be a mistake; I know no such person"—I took him to the Magistrate, and then took him to the station—he then said, "I certainly did have two watches of Mr. Singleton, on sale or return; one at 11l.;, the other at 12l.; I had an execution in the house at the time, and was obliged to raise money on them; but I never intended to defraud Mr. Singleton of the money."

Prisoner. Q. Did you ask me if I knew Mr. Singleton, or Mr. Slingsby? A. When you said you did not know Mr. Singleton, I said, it might be Mr. Slingsby, and referred to a letter I had in my pocket.





THOMAS SINGLETON
, watchmaker, Myddleton-sireet, Clerkenwell. In the beginning of Feb. the prisoner called on me, and said he was recommended to me by Mr. Goran, of Kensington (a gentleman I had worked for about twelve years)—he said he had seen some of my work, he liked it pretty well, and should like to have some of it, that he had two ladies he wished to show some watches to—I said, I did not profess manufacturing watches, I sold some to shops—I showed him what I had—he called on the 9th of Feb., and they were not ready—he came on the 10th, and said the ladies, no doubt, would take one of them—he gave me his card, "Francis Abbott, watch and clock maker, No. 6, Queen's-terrace, Fulham-road, Chelsea"—I let him have the watches—he told me he wished to take and show them to two ladies, and one of them he had no doubt would be purchased, and the other I should have back, along with the money for the other—it was agreed then that he should not keep them any longer than Monday—I called on Monday at his place, where I found he was a watch and clock maker—I told him I wanted my watches—he said he had not got them, he had left them at the ladies', that their mother had gone a little distance out of town, but the moment she came back one would be chosen—and he promised, the moment he received the money to pay for one, I should have the other—I told him that was not definite, I should call again in a day or two—I called on the Friday, and he showed me some pamphlets he had published, and kept from the subject of the watches—he told me they were still at the ladies'—on the Friday week he had left his residence—I went to the pawnbroker's, and found the watches, one at Page's, in Sloane-street, and the other was found by the officer at a pawnbroker's near the place—these are my watches—there was no execution in his house the day he had my watches—not till the 17th.

Prisoner. Q. Was that the only transaction I had with you? A. You took a silver movement unfinished—you returned an unfinished watch, which I understood was for a gentleman—one of these was pawned on the 10th, the day you had them—I have an entry of them in a book—I did not say that before the Magistrate—he did not ask me that question.





WILLIAM GOLDING
. I produce one of these watches, which was pawned in the evening of the 10th of Feb. by the prisoner, for 7l.;





THOMAS SINGLETON

re-examined. He had the watches of me between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning.





GEORGE STOWELL
. I produce one of the watches, which was pawned on the 15th of Feb. by the prisoner.





JOSEPH SHACKELL
 (police-inspector.) I have since ascertained that there was an execution in the prisoner's house five days after he received the watches.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not obtain the watches under any false pretence; the prosecutor trusted me with them, and he did not contemplate this proceeding

till he found an execution was in my house; I had two customers for the watches, who, after consideration, determined to have a silveir one, which the prosecutor promised to have ready in a month; it was to be four guineas; my customer was in the country; and having affliction in my house, it caused me to lose much time; I was offered a situation in Bristol, and was endeavouring to obtain money to restore the watches.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There have been thirteen charges against the prisoner.)
