



2400. 




JOSEPH PEMBERTON
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Hodson, about ten in the night of the 
25th of Sept., at 

St. Pancras, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 4 pairs of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 coat, 2l.; 1 pair of sheets, 2s.; 2 pair of stockings. 1s.; 1 handkerchief, 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of boots, 6s.; 2 shirts, 2s.; 1 pair of stays, 1s.; I bed-gown, 6d.; 1 flannel-shirt, 1s.; 1 quilt, 6d.; and other articles, his property; having been before convicted of felony.



MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZA HODSON.
 I live with my husband, George Hodson, at 10, Augusta-square, Regent's-park. On Saturday evening, the 25th of Sept., about twenty minutes past nine o'clock, I left the house by the frond door, which I pulled to after me—it is a corner house—there is a window on the Square side in front—I left that quite safe—I returned in about an hour, the front door was as I had left it—I missed some things—some one must have entered by the little window, which was shut when I went out—I went to the station, my things were shown me there—the property here in mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. It was a wash-house where they got in? A. Yes—in front of the house—I saw it safe just before I went out.





JOHN BATSFORD.
 I live at 1, Augusta-square. On the evening of the 25th of Sept. I was in my garden, and saw Mrs. Hodson leave her house, and almost immediately I saw four men walk up to the house, examine the front of it, and look at the area window—one of them went into a public-house, and two of them went in front of the house—they went away, and commenced drinking beer and smoking cigars, and then two went in front of the house again, and I heard a breaking of glass—I directly missed one of the men—I afterwards saw him come out of the front of the door, go down the steps, and beckon to the others—one went to him directly, and went into the house by the street door; the other two stood by the rails, drinking porter and smoking—the prisoner is one of the men who went in at the front door—I sent for Mr. Bott, a neighbour, from a public-house opposite—he came in two or three minutes, and while I was speaking to him the prisoner came out with a bundle on his head.

Cross-examined. Q. How far off were you in your garden? A. Fifteen or twenty yards—there were no house between me and Mr. Hodson's—I could see four persons—it was a moonlight night—it was the prisoner who gave the beer and cigars to the men—the steps of the square were fifteen or twenty yards from me—I saw the prisoner as he came down the steps, followed him to his house, and found the bundle there—it was from Mr. Bott's garden, three doors off, that I saw the prisoner come down the steps—he came towards me, but on the opposite side of the way.





CHARLES COCK
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner—took him to Mr. Prince's—received a bundle, and took it to the station—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Pancras.





JOHN HORSFRD.
 I am gate-keeper at the Royal Botanic Gardens—I produce a certificate of the prisoners's former conviction (—read—Convicted March, 1839, having been before convicted of Felony, transported for seven years)—I was at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

