



1453. 



MARY JONES



, stealing 66 yards of silk, value 7l. 16s.; the goods of 



George Hitchcock, in his dwelling-house.






SILVANUS WHITE
. I am in the service of Mr. George Hitchcock, of St. Paul's-churchyard. On 7th June the prisoner came there, and bought trifling things, to the amount of 1s. 1d.—there was something in her manner which led me to suspect her—I saw her walking from some silks as I was returning

from another part of the shop—I informed the shop-walker—T walked behind her as she was leaving the shop, and saw her drop two pieces of silk from under her cloak—the shop-walker stopped her, and said she had dropped some silks—she said she had not dropped them, hut a friend of hers had—she picked them up and threw them on a lady's lap, who was sitting about a yard beyond her, nearer the door, and said that lady had them on her lap—that lady is not here—I am sure the prisoner dropped them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you serve her? A. Yes another young man served her first—no one spoke to her the whole of the time I saw her—I do not know the other lady's name—I think I had seen her in the shop before—the shop-walker is not here—Mr. Hitchcock has no houses in Piccadilly.





ROBERT TURNER BUCK
. White gave me information, and I watched the prisoner—after she received her change she was going towards the door—I was near the door—she walked seven or eight yards—I saw her hands move, and a sudden lift of the elbows—something moved under her cloak, and the silk fell from her cloak—I charged her-with it—she said, "The silks did not fall from my cloak; another woman let them fall"—I said, "You must not proceed further"—she picked up the silk, and threw it on a lady's lap, who was sitting about a yard nearer the door—there was no one between the lady and the door.

Cross-examined. Q. She denied all along that she had anything to do with it? A. Yes—she was asked if she had anything else on her person, she raised her dress, but nothing was observed—she was not searched.





JOHN CORAM
 (City-policeman, 95.) I produce the things the prisoner bought—I found 1 1/2 d. on her—I told her the charge—she said it was a friend of hers did it, and she had put her in for it—I said, "Where is your friend?"—she said, "I will give you her address by and by," but she afterwards refused to do so—at her instance, I went to 27, Piccadilly, where she said she had lived eighteen years, and paid 30l. a year—I found it was false—a person named Briggs has lived twenty-three years in that house—the prisoner first gave her name Mary Jones, and then said it was Briggs.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not she say she was married to Mr. Briggs, and that Jones was her maiden name? A. Yes—she had given me her address before that, 34, Tunell-brook, Piccadilly—I could not find any such place.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
of Larceny.
—



Transported for Seven Years
.
