




1267. 




LOUISA PUDDICK
 and 




HESTER CURRY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of April, 154 yards of lace, value 3l. 17s., the goods of 



Thomas Hendy.






THOMAS HENDY
. I am a laceman, and live in Hereford-place, Commercial-road. On the 10th of April, about half-past eleven o'clock, the two prisoners came to my shop and asked my daughter-in-law to serve them—I saw the thread lace box on the counter before them—they asked my daughter to go to the other end of the shop for something else, and while she was gone, Puddick took five cards of thread lace off the counter and gave them to Curry, who concealed them under her right arm, under her shawl—I saw them—I was in the parlour at the back of the shop—I came up and fixed my eye on Curry—I saw she had the lace under her right arm as she was sitting on the seat—seeing she was discovered, she burst into tears, took the lace from under her arm, and put it on the counter.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What were you doing? A. I was about to shave, but had scarcely commenced—I was looking into the shop through a glass window—I could see distinctly what took place on the counter.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Were you about to put the lather on your face? A. Yes—I dare say I was—I was not looking in the looking-glass at the moment I saw the property stolen—my daughter Elisabeth was serving them—Cooper, my shop woman, was in the parlour—there is a looking-glass in the parlour, by which you can see what is going on in the shop—it was not that glass at which I was shaving, but another.





SARAH COOPER
. I am shop woman to Mr. Hendy. I was in the parlour and saw the prisoners looking at some lace—MR. Hendy desired me to come out—I saw Curry take the lace from under her right arm, and put it on the counter—that was about five minutes after I came into the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What was your master about? A. Going to shave—he was looking into the shop—I was sitting in the parlour opposite the door—I did not see Puddick take the lace—she had her back to me—I was about a yard from Curry behind the counter, when I saw her take the lace from her shawl under her right arm—I saw it distinctly—she was in front of it.






ELIZABETH BURRELL
. The prisoners came to the shop and asked to look at some thread lace—they then asked for some stomachers, and while my back was turned to get them, one of them took the lace out of the box—it was there when I went, and it was gone when I came back—there was 154 yards of it—MR. Hendy came into the shop soon after, and stood behind them watching them—they bought three-quarters of a yard of lace at half-a-crown a yard, and paid for it—they had not bought any before—I saw the lace produced and thrown upon the counter.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Had you not placed these five cards on the counter for them to look at? A. Yes, and missed them on my return—it was impossible to avoid it—they were looking at some others—it is not unusual for one person to hand lace to another, who turns to the light to look at it—I have stated that my father was shaving and looking into a glass at the fire-place which reflected from the shop.

COURT. Q. But you were not in the room where he was? A. No—there were five cards of lace on the counter, but the box was by the side of it—the pieces that were taken were taken from the box—the five remained on the counter.





THOMAS HENDY

re-examined. The box contained from fifty to sixty cards—they were selecting the cards of lace—my eyes were never off them—Puddick had selected them, and she took them from the counter and gave them to the other.
(Puddick received a good character.)

PUDDICK—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Six Months.

CURRY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
