





2508. 




WILLIAM SADD,



 GEORGE HENRY LYNE
, and 




JAMES WRIGHT, alias
 James Fenables

, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of July, 1 half-crown, and 2 half-pence, the monies of 



Charles Realff, from the person of 



Charlotte Realff; and that Sadd and Lyne had been before convicted of felony.






CHARLOTTE REALFF
. I am the wife of Charles Realff, a coach-painter, of Charlotte-street, Whitechapel. About three o'clock in the afternoon on the 27th of July, I was walking along Greenfield-street, and heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—I put my hand in my pocket, and found I had lost a half-crown and two halfpence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How lately before had you felt your money? A. About ten minutes—I was then in Fieldgate-street.





WILLIAM BRADLEY
. I live at Seal, in Leicestershire. I was in Field-gate-street that afternoon—I felt the prisoners at my pocket—in consequence of that I watched and saw Sadd and Lyne go to the prosecutrix—Sadd put his hand into her pocket—Wright was on the other side of the way—when I saw Sadd put his hand into the prosecutrix's pocket, I crossed over and seized him—Wright then crossed the road and seized his hand, and tried to get some money from him—I seized Sadd and Wright—Sadd dropped a half-crown and two halfpence.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you living in town? A. I arrived the day before—Mrs. Harrison was with me—I saw the prisoners for about ten minutes before the prosecutrix was robbed—I am quite sure I am not mistaken as to Wright being one of the persons I had seen before—Mrs. Harrison was not examined at Lambeth-street—to the best of my knowledge she had the same opportunity of seeing this as I had—she was a little before me—we were going to her husband.

Lyne. Q. Are you quite sure you saw me behind Sadd when it was done? A. Yes, and you shielded him with your coat.

Sadd's Defence. I have no wish to criminate others, but, had it not been for persons working on my youth, and holding out temptations which I had not the sense to withstand, I should not be placed at this bar; I beg for mercy.


Lynes Defence. I know nothing of either of these boys; I have not been long from sea; I belong to a ship called the Recovery, belonging to Mr. Gibson; I have been to America. and been several voyages in the. coal trade.





JOHN SHEER
 (police-constable H 184.) I produce a certificate of Sadd's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(ready)—he is the person.





BENJAMIN PHILLIPS
 (police-consiable G 58.) I produce a certificate of Lyne's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

SADD—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

LYNE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Transported for Ten Years.—Convict Ship.

