



1511. 




HENRY GILMOUR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of April, 27 sovereigns, 13 half-sovereigns, 24 half-crowns, 100 shilling and 24 sixpences, the monies of 



Richard Swan, his master.






RICHARD SWAN
. I am a butcher, and live in Cross-street, Blackfriars-road. The prisoner was in my service several times—the last time for six months—I purchased some beasts of a Mr. Walley in Smithfield, for which I was to pay 52l.—I paid 10l. on account, and was to send the remainder—on the 13th of April I gave the prisoner 42l. in gold and silver to take there—he never returned, and I had to pay the money again—I saw no more of him till the 19th, when he was in custody.





JOSHUA WILCOX
. I am clerk to Messrs. Jones, bankers, in Smithfield I received from the prosecutor the amount of stock bought in the market of Mr. Walley—the prisoner never brought me any money from the prosecutor on the 13th or 14th of April—no sum was paid on Mr. Walley's account except what the prosecutor paid.





DONALD MURRAY
 (police-constable M 119.) I was on duty at the police-court, Union-hall, on the 19th of April—the prisoner came there—I told him I wanted him—he said, "I had made up my mind to give myself up"—I only found two sixpences on him.

Prisoner's Defence. He did not say he wanted me—I delivered myself into his hands—I lost the money, and did not know what to do—I sent my wife to Mr. Swan to say I had come home, and he said I might go about my business, he would not trouble his head about me—I went to Union-hall to deliver myself up, and Mr. Swan came there.





RICHARD SWAN

re-examined. His wife came to me, but I did not know what the intention of her coming was—I had been looking after him—I said to her, "Let the villain go about his business, he has got my money, and that is all he cares about"—I immediately went to the station, and gave information—he boarded with me, and bad ten shillings a week, and a joint of meat on Sundays—he knew it was with great difficulty I could get this money together.

Prisoner. The money stated is not right—there was a 5l. note among it, which I changed at the Cross-keys public-house in the Blackfriars-road got drinking with a man, and went to Greenwich, it being Easter Tuesday—I had a little money of my own before I broke into Mr. Swan's, Witness. He changed the silver for a 5l. note, and three sovereigns, at a neighbour's—he was sober when he left my premises.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
