



1041. 




WILLIAM DAVIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of April, 1 coat, value 2l. 10s.; 1 waistcoat, 1l.; 1seal, 2l.; 1 watch-guand, 5s.; 1 handkerchief, 3s.; and 1 pair of gloves, 2s.; the goods of 



George Alexander Findlay, in a vessel in a port of entry and discharge.






RICHARD HURLEY
. I am master of the Cleopatra, in the London Docks. On Saturday, the 5th of April, I went on board the ship, and found the after cabin door broken open, by apparently an iron instrument—the lock was forced—I missed nothing from there—in one of the side fore-cabins I had a chest of drawers—the lock of one drawer was burst—I missed rwo gold watches from the middle drawer, and from the top drawer I missed a bag, containing thirty-eight dollars—there were marks on several of the dollars—I have since seen four, one that appeared to have a mark on it resembling the dollars I missed—I cannot say there were marks on all—I have seen nothing of the watches.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear those dollars are yours? A. No—one had a mark similar to mine, but that might be the case with any Chinese dollars, and it has been defaced—they are Cochin dollars, cast in Spanish type, and of Spanish appearance—it is a stratagem on the part of the Chinese, who circulate them in many thousands, but they have a small Chinese mark on them.





DAVID HATTERSLEY
 (police-constable H 80.) On the 12th of April I was sent for by an inspector to inquire about the property stolen from the Cleopatra—I went to a jeweller's shop in High-street, Whitechapel—as I was coming out the prisoner came in—I waited outside a few moments—I found him offering some dollars for sale—I asked where he got them from—he said he bought them of a sailor outside the Dock-gate that morning—I asked what he gave for them—he said 16s. 4d.—I asked where he worked—he said, on the South-quay, in the London Dock—I told him of the robbery, and took him on the station—I found on him a duplicate of a coat and waistcoat.





JAMES ROBERT WHITE
 (Thames police-inspector,) I was present when the duplicate was taken from the prisoner—I asked how he came in possession of these dollars—he said he bought them of a sailor in Nightingale-lane, for 16s. 4d.—five duplicates were found on him; one for a coat and waistcoat, which appears to have been stolen from the Ann, about a week before—they were identified by the captain—the London Docks are part of the port of London.





HENRY EMBLEN
. I am assistant to John Kelday, of Hackney-road. I produce a coat and waistcoat, pledged on the 8th of April, by the prisoner, in the name of John Davis, of Hope-street—the counterpart of the duplicate was found on the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I am the person? A. Yes.





RICHARD HURLEY
. I was not on board the Ann.

¡ GEORGE ALEXANDER FINDLAY. I live at Camberwell, and am master of the brig Ann, which was lying in the London Docks on the 7th of April. This coat and waistcoat belong to me—I lost them out of my trunk on thsi evening of the 7 th—I missed them on the morning of the 8th, when–I

found the state-room door broken open, and the trunks and desks—I missed some coin, a gold seal, watch-guard, and two watch-keys—my papers had been turned all over—I have found nothing besides the coat and waistcoat.

Prisoner. I proved to the inspector that I was at work at the London Docks all day on the 7th.

J.R. WHITE
re-examined. He would leave work at four o'clock in the afternoon.

Prisoner's Defence. I had nothing to do with pawning the coat and waistcoat; I own the duplicate was found on me; it was pawned there by a man outside the London Dock; as for the dollars, I gave 16s. 4d. for them; I have worked three years in the London Dock.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Ten Years.

