



971. 




SARAH BECKWITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of March, 1 crown, the monies of 



William Kimbrell, from his person.






WILLIAM KIMBRELL
. I am a servant out of place. I met the prisoner on the evening of the 3rd of March, and asked if she could show me the way to a private lodging-house—she said she could, and was going to show me—as she went along she asked me to give her a glass of gin—I said I had no money—she said, "Yes, you can stand a glass"—I said I had a few halfpence, and gave her a glass—I afterwards went down to Burford's, the pawnbroker, and pawned my watch for 8s., having no money—I got a crown-piece, a half-crown, and a sixpence—I was counting it in my hand—she asked me to stand some ale—I said, "This is every farthing I have got to pay my lodging and all"—she caught the crown-piece out of my hand, patted me on the back, and said, "Never mind, you shall come and sleep with me to-night"—I called out, "Give it me"—she would not, but walked away—I followed her to a house, and she went up stairs—I went up after her—it was a dark place—I said, "Give me my money"—she struck a light, and said, "Come, you shall sleep with me, stand a drop of ale"—I gave her a quart of ale, and she would not give it me then—then a woman came up to the room, and said, "Oh, here is my husband coming, if he sees you in the room there will be a terrible row"—the prisoner went down, and I after her—she went to the Running Horse public-house—I said, "Give me my money"—she would not answer me—I gave her another quart of ale there—there wa four of them there—they went to another public-house, and had some gin—I followed them, to see if they spent my crown-piece there, but they did not—they brought me a glass of gin to the door—I again asked her for my crown-piece—she walked back to the Running Horse—she saw a man coming, and said, "Oh, my G—, here is my old man!"—Me came and drove her home, and said he would knock my eye out—I followed them to the house, heard them bolt the door, and then I ran off for a policeman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you know her before? A. No—I did not know her name till she was before the Magistrate—a policeman went by while I was at the public-house door, but I did not give her in charge then—I did not go to any bed-room except at the first place—I stood by the door perhaps twenty minutes—she said, "Come and sit down"—then the woman came and said her husband was coming.





WILLIAM LYONS
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Old Brentford, and took the prisoner for stealing the crown—she said she had never had it at ail, and about half an hour afterwards she said he gave it to her.

Cross-examined. Q. Had not you seen them talking together? A. Yes, at the door of the Running Horse public-house—she did not appear the worse for liquor, nor did he.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
