



589. 




HENRY SIMMERS
 was indicted

for wilful and corrupt perjury.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WALTER KERTON
. I am a clerk in the Judgment-office of the Court of Queen's Bench. I produce the book in which judgments are signed in the Court of Queen's Bench—I have an entry of a judgment signed in an action of Watts against Wittenbury, on the 27th of August, 1842.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you make the entry? A. No, Mr. Barlow, the first clerk, did—I can swear to his handwriting—I am the second clerk.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you always present at the signing of judgments in the judgment-office? A. I am in no other office—I am in the habit of signing judgments—I am always in the habit of being in the office when they are signed, unless I might be called out—Mr. Barlow is now in attendance at the office—I can fetch him—this judgment has since been set aside on a Judge's order, dated 16th of September—this is the order—I did not sign the reversal of the judgment—it was struck out by Mr. Barlow—I will not undertake to say that I was present when it was struck out—it is very likely the judgment-paper might be signed by me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Supposing I want to sign judgment at your office, I bring with me a piece of paper called a judgment-paper, do I not? A. Yes, in this case it would be necessary, and we copy from the judgment-paper into the book—the book is a copy of the judgment-paper—we make the entry from the judgment-paper—a judgment-roll is also brought—we merely require an incipitor on that—we stamp the judgment-roll—the contents of the judgment-paper, and the judgment-roll are identical—an incipitor on the judgment-paper, and an incipitor on the judgment-roll is all that is required—we sign judgment on that—we always ask for the judgment-paper—that is our authority, because we write on that—we stamp the judgment-paper—we mark the day of the month—we stamp the judgment-roll with the same stamp that we stamp the judgment-paper with—the impression is "Queen's Bench Judgment-office"—it is the stamp of our office—we make the entry in the book from that paper, we take care to have it correct from the judg-ment-paper—they do not always go to far as the amount on the judgment-roll

—the judgment-paper contains all that there is in this entry—I do not think it contains more, generally speaking—the entry would be a copy of the judgment-paper—it is copied from it—in the body of the judgment-paper they do not always have the name of the town attorney, therefore we take the name of the attorney who signs the judgment—when final judgment issues we should give a number—we want that on the judgment-paper—we do not care about its being on the roll—the number-roll is asked for, and the number is placed on the judgment-paper—we have a docket-roll, and the attorney would ask for a number-roll, I write his name over the number, and he takes the judgment-paper—every term we have a docket commencing with No. 1, and going up as high as 5000, that enables me to get at these records afterwards—to the best of my knowledge executions are issued in ten cases out of twelve without the judgment-roll being filed—I believe, in order to procure execution, it is requisite to produce the judgment-paper, but I do not belong to that office—it is not necessary to produce my book to get execution.

COURT. Q. Because you have already stamped the judgment-paper? A. Yes.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. The judgment-roll, in the first place, has the seal of the Court of Queen's Bench on it before it is written on? A. Yes, before it is completed—judgment-rolls are sold by a particular stationer named Dun-combe—I believe he is appointed to sell them, in order that they may be all of one size—he sells them to different stationers—I should not stamp them unless I saw his mark on them at the time, which is, "Delivered by Dun-combe," or something to that effect—I do not recollect exactly, but I know it so well, seeing the name of the gentleman, it is so constantly under my eye—the Exchequer-rolls are very much larger, and have "Exchequer-office" on the top.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you produce this book the other day in the Queen's Bench? A. Yes—here was an objection made to it.

COURT. Q. What is the name of the office in which you are concerned! A. The Judgment-office, and this book is called the Judgment-book—we are appointed under the masters of the Court of Queen's Bench.

Q. What is the act done which is called the signing judgment? A. The production of the judgment-paper and the judgment-roll, our entry is that book, the writing on the judgment-paper, the stamping, and taking it away, and that is considered "judgment signed."

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You are asked what is the act of signing judgment! A. Why, the entering in this book.

COURT. Q. After the production of the judgment-roll and paper? A. Yes, which are severally stamped by the office seal of the judgment-office—this judgment was signed on the 27th of August, I think—the entry is, "London, John Watts, against James Wittenbury, for 8l.—35s.—set aside by J. O.," which means "Judge's order," "dated the 16th of September"—then there is the number of the roll, the attorney's name, and the fee, 7s.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is this proceeding at your office, on the authority of the judgment-paper and roll, what is in the profession termed the act of signing the judgment? A. Yes, the whole proceeding.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How is the record made up? A. I do not know, that is not my office—it is not made up from the roll—they take it from some form—that would not be on the judgment-paper—it would be copied from some books.

COURT. Q. To whom are the judgment-roll and papers delivered, after

this entry is made in your book? A. To the plaintiff's attorney immediately, to the party signing the judgment—the judgment-paper is prepared by the party signing judgment—it is prepared on the part of the plaintiff—it is returned to the plaintiff's attorney to enable him by that voucher to show to the Seal-office that judgment has been signed in my book—the master marks the costs in the judgment-paper, and that is the authority to the sealer—the signing judgment is the entry in my book—the judgment-paper is returned to the party signing judgment—they would require it to issue execution—it is my certificate that judgment is signed in my book.





SAMUEL GIBBS
. I am clerk to Mr. Justice Cresswell. I produce an original order of the Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench, ordered by Mr. Justice Cresswell to be impounded.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Were you present when it was signed by Lord Denman? A. No.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did Mr. Justice Cresswell hear the summons for setting aside this order? A. Yes—I also produce the summons purporting to be issued by Mr. Justice Patteson—that was heard before Mr. Justice Cressswell—this order of Lord Denman's bears Mr. Justice Cresswell's endorsement, "to be impounded C.C," which means "Cresswell, Cresswell"—the endorsement on this order, "Order, Judgment set aside with costs, C.C." is also his.

Q. Then it appears that Mr. Justice Cresswell heard the summons, because he has made an order on it? A. Yes, and there is a previous endorsement "adjourned for a month"—the last on which I acted was this "Order, Judgment set aside with costs, C.C."—it was on that the order to impound was made—this is the original order of Mr. Justice Cresswell—it is the order that followed the hearing of the summons—it is my own handwriting—[This was dated, 16th of Sept., 1842, on hearing the counsel for the plaintiff, and the attorney or agent for the defendant, and on reading the affidavits of Wittenbury, Egan, Watts, Williams, Simmers and James, ordering the judgment to be set aside with costs; also, the writ of ca. sa., issued upon the said judgment, and directing that the Sheriff of Kent should pay back to the defendant the sum of 12l. 11s. levied by virtue of the said writ.]

Cross-examined. Q. Were you present when the summons was heard before Mr. Justice Cresswell? A. I was not—Mr. Coleman was—the order was brought out immediately to me, and put into my hands.





JOSEPH FREDERICK COLEMAN
. I am clerk to Mr. Justice Cresswell. I was present on his lordship directing that order to be made—I was present when this case was heard, on the summons of Mr. Justice Patteson—I was not present the whole time—I was in and out of the room—the endorsement by Mr. Justice Cresswell on Lord Denman's order, "to be impounded," was written in my presence, given to me by his lordship, and carried by me to Mr. Gibbs directly, upon which he drew up the order which I produce.





JAMES CURRIE
. I am one of the clerks of Lord Denman. This is an original order of his—I drew it up—I cannot say whether I delivered it out—the 26th of Aug. was in vacation time—Lord Denman would not be at chambers then—the clerks stay till about three o'clock, not later—sometimes we keep the orders by consent, not always—I should say we have not kept any by consent in this case—I have made due search, and have found none—there must have been some consent in writing produced to me, purporting to be the defendant's consent—such an order as this would not be granted by any representation exparte.


Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you fill up this order? A. I did—it was not, actually signed by Lord Denman—it is a seal—it is sanctioned by his lordship—Lord Denman authorised this—I am not prepared

to say how he authorized it—I am not his private clerk, and never have communication with him—Lord Denman was not in town at the time—the order is my writing.

Q. Just see whether that "3l. agreed" is your handwriting or not? A. I should say not, now I look at it—I drew the order, but I do not think I put in these words—I should not like to swear it—I do not believe the word "agreed," to be my writing.

COURT. Q. What are the words you doubt about? A. "3l." in figures and the word "agreed"—the following words "together with costs" are in print—I believe the 3l. is not my handwriting, but I could not swear it—I speak more particularly to the word "agreed"—it appears to me to be a different ink, thicker, and darker—the "g" is rather of a peculiar form—that is the reason why I doubt it to be my writing—I should say it was not.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Lord Denman was not present, nor knew any thing at all about this proceeding? A. Certainly not—he never was cognisant of it—he is very seldom at chambers—it is not customary for him to draw up orders, and sign them in the presence of parties by consent—I never understood that it was necessary that the Judge should be present at the time of signing the summons, or by consent—he sometimes signs consent orders in blank—orders of this description are not signed by his lordship—he does not personally attend to any such order as this—his lordship was not acquainted with the fact at all, not being at chambers.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Does this bear the impression of my Lord's stamp, kept at chambers for the purpose of stamping orders of this description? A. Yes—it has been duly issued out of his chambers by me.

COURT. Q. Have you authority to issue such an order bearing his stamp, without consulting him on the merits of the application? A. I have always given them as a matter of course—I have no communication with his lordship personally—I always understood I was acting on sufficient authority, when I gave orders on these forms—I am not the principal clerk.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You do not seem to be quite sure whether this word "agreed" was written by you? A. I am not sure—I believe it has been added by somebody since—I should not like to swear it.

Q. And the striking out of the words "taxed and," do you believe that to be your striking out? A. If I inserted the figures "3l." I should have struck those words out—it would then have stood "with 3l. costs to be paid" instead of "taxed, and to be paid"—I rather think the 3l. is my writing, but the word "agreed" has been introduced by somebody else—I draw up perhaps forty or fifty orders by consent at chambers in the course of a week—they are all drawn up in the same way, stamped in the same form, quite irrespective of the fact, whether my lord happened to be in chambers or not—I am authorized to swear affidavits—I am a commissioner, and administer an oath.

COURT. Q. Look at that again, and say, from the knowledge of your own handwriting, whether you have now any doubt whether that word, "agreed," was written by you? A. I have a doubt as to the word "agreed," but I should not like to swear it—it is not the usual character of my handwriting—I should not suffer any one else to introduce writing into orders drawn up by me—I should not like to say that the word was introduced since the order was issued, but yet I have a doubt—I should not like to say positively—on looking at it more closely, I believe that the figures "3l." are mine—I have a doubt as to the word "agreed"—I am not positive—I do not know that I should have entertained a doubt had not my attention been drawn to it—these orders are printed forms, leaving a portion in blank to be filled up—it is the

only form of order we have for this purpose—these are what we call orders to stay on payment of debt and costs—that is not the only order we issue, we have many others.

Q. Do you issue any order except an order that purports to proceed on consent of the parties, without consulting the Lord Chief Justice? A. Yes, on affidavit of service and non-attendance—they are orders which are deemed matters of course, on certain forms being complied with—we keep printed forms for such purposes, with Lord Denman's signature attached, by a stamp, which is a fac-simile of his handwriting.

Q. The chambers of the Lord Chief Justice are considered as an office, and on complying with certain forms, such orders would be issued? A. Yes—I have known orders of this description to be issued from his lordship's chambers, as a matter of course, for five or six years, and orders generally for ten years, within my own knowledge—I cannot say how long we have issued these orders—I have always understood that the signature was stamped upon them by his lordship's approbation, and that I was acting under his authority in issuing them, or I should not have given them—I think this form of order has been placed in my control about five or six years—Mr. Thornton, his lordship's private clerk, gave me the orders for the purpose of being issued from time to time.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. If his lordship were at chambers, and the parties before him, would an order of his, by consent, be drawn up on a paper bearing his stamped signature? A. I should have done so, and have done so when his lordship has been at chambers—such orders as these are never granted but by consent—I do not know the date of the Act legalising these orders—[This order was dated the 26th of August, 1842, and stated that, upon hearing the attornies and agents on both sides, and by consent, upon payment of 5l. due from the plaintiff to the defendant, together with 3l. agreed costs, all further proceedings should be stayed, and that in default, the plaintiff should be at liberty to sign final judgment, with costs.]





THOMAS BARLOW
. I am first clerk in the Judgment-office—the act of signing judgment consists of copying the venue, the plaintiff's and defendant's names, the sum judgment is signed for, the costs, if there are any, at the time, and the attorney's name who signs the judgment, who is the plaintiff's attorney—it is copied into this book, which is called the day-book of the office of the judgments, and other entries—it is generally called the judgment-book—I signed the judgment in the cause of Watts against Wittenbury—I afterwards struck it out, by virtue of a Judge's order—this is as it originally stood, "London. John Watts against James Wittenbury, for 8l. debt, and 35s. costs. Judgment on promises pursuant to order"—London is the venue—Watts and Wittenbury are the plaintiff's and defendant's names—it is signed by S. H. Williams, on the 27th August, 1842—I struck out the words, "pursuant to order"—that was entered by authority of a Judge's order—we do not copy the Judge's name—the words I wrote before I struck them out, are "J. T. a.," that is for "assumpsit," either on promises or the case; "p.," for "pursuant;" "t. o.," for "to order"—that imports that the plaintiff's attorney brought a Judge's order at the time—the judgment was signed on the responsibility of the plaintiff's attorney—all judgments are signed on the responsibility of the plaintiff's attorney—I have since then struck out the whole of that with my own hands, because they gave me the order to look at, and the order said it should be struck out—I have no doubt this is the order on which I struck out that judgment—we took possession of the order, and filed it in the office—I did not put any mark on it when I executed

it—we kept the original—perhaps the plaintiff's attorney may have borrowed it, with an undertaking to return it, to tax costs.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You filed the order, whatever it was? A. I did—I have no doubt that we took possession of it at the time—we put them into a pigeon-hole, and when the pigeon-hole is full we file them—that order would be got from my custody on the plaintiff's attorney applying for it, and giving an undertaking to return it—I cannot say whether or not that order is in our office now—I heard that the clerk was subpœnaed to bring the order with him, and I left it to him—he told me that they wanted the book, but said nothing about the order—I do not know that the order has ever left the office.

COURT. Q. Did you, or not, strike out this judgment by some Judge's order? A. Yes—I should not have done it without an order was produced.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How can you tell it was a Judge's order? A. Because I read it before I struck the judgment out—signing the judgment consists in the person's bringing a roll and a judgment-paper—this is a Queen's Bench roll—it is stamped by the stationer—he delivers them by order of the Court of Queen's Bench—it is stamped and delivered by William Duncombe, stationer, Lincoln's-Inn—I make my entry in the book from the judgment paper—the judgment-paper has the damages that judgment is signed for on it—it is longer than the roll in that respect—the damages could not be on the judgment-roll without they completed the roll—it could not go so far as that—this is an incipitor on it—it contains the venue, the plaintiffs and defendant's names, and the nature of the action—there is the same in the judgment-paper, with the addition of the damages—there is every thing on the judgment-paper that there is in my book—my book is copied from it—my book does not contain anything of the pleadings, nor does the judgment-paper—the judgment-paper contains the venue, the plaintiff's and defendant's names, the nature of the action, and the damages—after making the entry, I put the seal to the judgment-paper—that is the last thing I do, except taking the money—I put down the number of the roll—the judgment-roll is afterwards made up, and goes into the Treasury.

COURT. Q. How long have you been in the Judgment-office? A. Thirty years—I have always considered that the entry which I make is what is termed in the profession, signing judgment.

MR. GIBBS
re-examined. I produce an original affidavit, which wm deposited with me, and has been filed with me ever since.

MR. COLEMAN
re-examined. I swore the party who made this affidavit—I cannot undertake to swear it was the prisoner—the affidavit must have been used, or Mr. Gibbs would not have had the custody of it.





JOSHUA MORRIS
. I know the prisoner, and know his handwriting—I believe the signature to this affidavit to be his handwriting.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How often have you seen him write! A. I saw him write this paper—(producing one)—that is not the only thing I saw him write—I have seen him write perhaps two or three times—I compared this signature with this paper, and, on comparing them together, I believe it to be his handwriting—I have no doubt in the world of it—I have acquired a knowledge of his handwriting by seeing him write that.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. By seeing him write two or three times, do you mean you have seen him write different things, or seen him write his name? A. Different things—I have seen him write his name—I have known him three or four years—I have seen him write from time to time—without

any comparison, I have acquired a knowledge of his handwriting so as to enable me to speak to my belief of it—I have no doubt at all of this being his signature—I believe the body and all of it to be his handwriting.

Affidavit read.—"In the Queen's Bench, between John Watts, plaintiff, and John Wittenbury, defendant.—Henry Simmons, of No. 5, Charlotte-place, Woolwich, in the county of Kent, managing clerk to Mr. Samuel Hanson Williams, of the same place, attorney for the above-named plaintiff in this cause, maketh oath and saith, that on the 26th of August last, the defendant, who the deponent is well acquainted with, called at the office of deponent's employer, situate as aforesaid, accompanied by a person of the name of James, who stated that they had been to London, and taken out a summons to stay tod pay; that the said defendant agreed to pay in this action the sum of 3l. for costs of the said action, which the deponent endorsed on the summons; that the defendant then said, 'We will go up, Mr. James, to London, and draw up the order, and come down again and serve it, as the money must be paid this evening;' that, in consequence of the defendant not having paid the amount, he, the deponent, did, on the 27th of August last, sign judgment on such order, and duly entered an appearance in the proper office of this honourable Court, &c. &c. &c."





JAMES M'MILLAN
. I attend from the office of the sheriff of Kent. I produce a testatum ad satisfaciendum—it was filed at the sheriffs' office—it was given to me in the sheriffs' office, by the prisoner, on the 27th of August, 1842—I made out a warrant on that writ, to Joshua Morris, the officer—(read.)





JOSHUA MORRIS

re-examined. I produce the warrant that I received, to execute on this writ—I took Mr. Wittenbury in execution on the 29th of August—I was present at the hearing of the summons before Mr. Justice Cresswell, and saw the prisoner there—I received from Mr. Wittenbury, on his being taken, 12l. 11s.—I gave him this receipt for it—after the hearing before the Judge, in pursuance of his lordship's order, I returned back that sum to Mr. Rivolta, Mr. Wittenbury's attorney.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Where did you arrest Mr. Wittenbury? A. In his own house, at Blackheath-hill—I did not see the prisoner at that time—I saw him on the day the writ was brought into the office.





JOHN BAILEY
. I am clerk to Mr. Justice Patteson. The summons produced by Mr. Gibbs is an original summons issued from Mr. Justice Patteson's chambers, by his authority—it is signed by me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you the gentleman that swore to Mr. Justice Patteson's writing in the Queen's Bench lately? A. Yes—I know this to be my handwriting—I do not know whether I made a mistake the other day about Mr. Justice Patteson's handwriting—the Judge said it was his writing, and I said it was not—he had some doubts about it—I was not present at the time—I saw by the newspapers that the thing I said was not his handwriting he said was—the Judge did not tell me it was his handwriting—the Judge's signature here is my handwriting—it purports to be the Judge's signature, but it is my writing—it was written by his authority—I never knew a Judge sign a summons—I am authorized to do so—it is the practice of the chambers—I consider I have authority to do so—I have done so many years.
[The summons was dated the 5th of September, 1842, calling on the plaintiff's attorney, or agent, to attend the chambers of Mr. Justice Patteson, to show cause why the judgment should not be set aside, having been fraudulently obtained, without consent of the defendant, his attorney, or agent; also the writ of ca sa


issued on such judgment, why the sheriff of Kent should not pay back the sum of 12l. 11s. levied by him on such writ, and why the plaintiff should not repay the same.]

MR. COLEMAN
re-examined. This is the summons on which the cause was heard before Mr. Justice Cresswell.

MR. GIBBS
re-examined. This is the summons on which I drew up the order—it has been in my custody ever since.





JAMES CALEB WITTENBURY
. I am a builder, and live at Blackheath, In August last I knew a person of the name of Watts—I had dealings with him for a horse—I think I was to pay 16l. for it—I reserved 5l. of it in order to see whether the horse was free from vice—I found him not free from vice, and did not pay the 5l.—I was served with a copy of a writ of summon on the 16th of August last, by a person with one arm, named Munyard—I went to my solicitors, Messrs. Forsyth and Rivolta, of Jewin-street, next morning—I learned from them what is the practice of the Court on proceeding in vacation—I left the writ with them—on Monday, the 29th of August, I was taken in execution by Morris—I was not aware of any step having been taken in the action between the time of my receiving this service and being taken in execution—I saw the prisoner at Mr. Justice Cresswell's chambers, on hearing of the summons to set aside these proceedings—I never saw him before to my knowledge—I never called at the office of Mr. Samuel Hanson Williams, an attorney, at 5, Charlotte-place, Woolwich, accompanied by a person named James—I never was at that place in my life, with or without any person—I do not know where it is.

Q. Did James ever state, or did you in his presence, that you and he had been to London, and taken out a summons, to stay and pay forthwith? A. I never saw James in my life, till I saw him at this dock when he was tried—I never used those words, or did James, in my presence, in Williams's office—I never authorised a person named James, or any one else, to call on Mr. Williams on my account, in this action—I never stated to Williams that I had been to London, and taken out any summons of any kind whatever—I never saw Williams in my life to my knowledge—I never offered to pay Williams 3l., or any other sum, for costs in the action.

COURT. Q. The transaction never occurred? A. Never.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you ever say to Williams, or authorise James, or anybody else, to say to Williams, "We will go up, Mr. James, to London, and draw up the order, and come down again, and serve it; the money must be paid this evening?" A. Never—I never saw Williams or James on the subject of any summons of any kind whatever, or touching the payment of any sum of money—I never heard a breath of these proceedings till I was taken in execution by Morris—I afterwards appeared before the Judge on a summons, and after the summons had been heard, I recovered back the 12l. 11s.—the man James made an affidavit—I indicted him, and he was tried and convicted here, on the 12th of December—I have been for some time engaged in building a pump-room and other buildings for Mr. Forsyth, at Hockley, in Essex—on Wednesday night, the 24th of August last, I slept at Mr. Parr's, at the White Hart, at Hawkwell, which is close to Hockley—on Thursday, the 25th, I had occasion to purchase some cement at Lea, in Essex, and I slept that night at the White Hart, at Hawkwell—on Friday morning, the 26th, I breakfasted with Mr. Parr, at his house, and then went with him, in his own cart, to Chelmsford, being market-day—I staid there till half-past four o'clock, and came up by coach to Brentwood, and then came by the railway to London—I got to London about half-past six—I was

not in London that day until half-past six—I was with Mr. Parr, and we never parted company until half-past four.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What have you done with this horse? A. Sold it at Dixon's—I got but a trifle for it—I supposed the action was brought against me for the 5l.—I paid the 5l. and costs when I was taken in execution by Morris.

Q. Have you not, since the proceedings have been set aside, paid the debt and costs of the action? A. I have not myself—I cannot be answerable for what my solicitor does—my solicitors had full instruction to do just as they pleased with the case—my solicitor said it would be best to pay the thing, rather than risk an action—I told him to do as he pleased—I thought it was better to pay, whatever it was, than to pay more—it has been settled in that way, for any thing I know—I cannot tell how much was paid—my solicitor told me it was 5l.—he thought I had got into bad hands, and I had better pay it than lose more—that I had got into the hands of a gang of swindlers—I said, well, I thought I had better pay it—Mr. Forsyth it my solicitor—I had a great deal of business in his hands—I do not settle with him above once a year, perhaps—he has the management of ray property, and if I say do this or that, I do not know the exact sum for the end of a month or so, he does it, and when he brings in his bill, I pay it—I cannot tell what the amount of the costs was—I have not paid my lawyer yet—he did not tell me I had better pay the 5l. and coats, he said I had better pay the 5l.—I am positive he did not say the costs—he did not tell me the amount of the costs—I told him it would be the best way to settle it, as I had got into bad hands.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you learn from your solicitor, that after that, Watts had paid back the money for the second time? A. I did.





STEPHEN PARR
. I kept the White Hart, at Hawkwell, in Aug. last, and know Mr. Wittenbury—he was engaged on some works at Hockley in Aug.—on Wednesday night, the 24th of Aug., he slept at my house; and also on Thursday night, the 25th—he breakfasted with me next morning, and we went together to Chelmsford market, in my horse and cart—I drove—he dined with me at Chelmsford—I parted with him, to the best of my knowledge, from a quarter to half-past four o'clock, and he went by a coach from Chelmsford—I accompanied him to the coach.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What makes you know that this was Friday, the 26th of Aug.? A. Because I did business on that day—Mr. Wittenbury frequently came down on his business—I believe there is a market at Chelmsford every Friday—I never was at Chelmsford only on a Friday—I keep an account of my own private business at the market—I do not make a memorandum of where 1 go on particular days—I bought some sheep at the market—I have frequently bought sheep before—I know this was the 26th of Aug., because I particularly know that Mr. Wittenbury was with me when I bought this stock; and some time in Sept. when Mr. Wittenbury was at my house he rang the parlour bell, I went in, and, without telling me that there was any thing amiss, he said to me, "Do you know what day you drove me to Chelmsford market?"—I said I could tell if he would allow me five minutes to look at my market-book—I went and looked at it, went back to him, and said, "On the 26th of Aug., Sir"—I have that book here—(producing it)—from looking at that book I am satisfied it was the 26th of Aug., because Mr. Wittenbury was with me when I made the purchase—I remember that perfectly well.

COURT
to
JOSHUA MORRIS. Q. Do you know the name of Samuel Hanson Williams, of Woolwich? A. No—no such person lived at No. 5, Charlotte-

place—a man named John Munyard lives there, and I never knew of any other person living there—I think I should have known if Williams had lived there.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You know a person of the name of Williams carries on business there? A. No, I do not, indeed; but I know of his having had not only this, but other warrants, endorsed with the same name, at the same place.

MR. PRENDERGAST. called






THOMAS HAWKER
. I am a tailor and woollen-draper, and live at No. 11, Bell-yard, Temple-bar. I have known the prisoner three or four years—I employed him, when I lived in Blackfriars-road, to collect a deal of money for me, at times—he was a person of good moral character; and, as regards speaking the truth, I always found him to be a truth-speaking, honest man—he never deceived me in any way.

COURT. Q. Where did you know him to live? A. believe he lodged up by Clerkenwell—I cannot say where he was living on the 26th of Aug.—he did not collect my debts then—I know Samuel Hanson Williams, and I knew his father for years, at Cheltenham, before I set up in business—he was a most respectable builder—Idid not know Williams at Woolwich—he is an attorney—I knew him when he lived in Blackfriars-road—I did a deal of work for him at No. 205, Blackfriars-road, not at Woolwich.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you know that he had a place of business at Woolwich lately? A. I have heard so, I cannot say—I have not seen him for three or four months—I suppose he is gone out of the way—I do not know what he is now, but he was a most respectable young man, and his friends most respectable—I have known him fifteen or twenty years—I knew him when he was a boy—I knew him when he was a householder.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—



Confined Three Months and 

Transported for Seven Years.

