




543. 




JOHN HUTCHINSON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 gelding, price 6l.; 1 cart, 3l.; 1 set of harness, 18s. 6d.; 1 whip, 4d.; 1 horse-cloth, 1s.; and 1 bag, 2d.; the property of 



John Carter.






JOHN CARTER
, Tripeman, Homer-street, Marylebone. On the 13th of Jan., at eight o'clock in the morning, I went to Newgate-market—I left my gelding, cart, set of harness, whip, and horse-cloth safe in Newgate-street—I was absent about eighteen minutes—when I came back they were gone—I came out of the market three times—I have since seen them in the hands of the policeman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were there other carts standing there as well as yours? A. There were wagons unloading—I left no one to take care of my cart—I returned the three times to look after it, and the third time it was gone.





CHARLES PAYNE
 (police-constable G 216.) About twenty minutes past six o'clock I was on duty in St. John-street, and saw the prisoner, who I knew before, passing through Smithfield-market with a horse and cart at a smart trot—he came to nearly a walk with it—I ran, caught hold of the horse's head, and asked whose horse and cart he had there—he said his own—I said, "I don't believe it is"—he said, "Well, if it is not mine, it is a friend of mine's"—I said, "Where is your friend?"—he said, "At the Bull's Head, Smithfield"—I said, "I will go as far and see"—I went, and the Bull's Head was closed—I said, "I am convinced now your friend is not here"—on the way to the station, he said that previous to being at the Bull's Head with a friend, he had been at the Dark-house, Newgate-market; whilst there he treated his friend to a glass of brandy-and-water, and while drinking it the cart drove away—I showed the cart, horse, and harness to the prosecutor—he immediately identified it.

Cross-examined. Q. He told you a lot more about the Pavilion theatre, did he not? A. Yes—I do not know that he was amusing himself at my expense.

JURY. Q. Was he tipsy? A. No, he pretended to be so on the way to the station, but he was not.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

