




1807. 




MARY WHITE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of August, at 

St. James's, Westminster, two yards of ribbon, value 3s.; 1 stone ornament, 10s.; and one 50l. note, the property of 



Marie Louise Eliza Forgeot, her mistress, in her dwelling-house; and 





THOMAS M'MAHON



, for feloniously receiving the said note, well knowing it to be stolen.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution,





MARIE LOUISE ELIZA FORGEOT
. I am an actress In June last I was residing in King-street, St. James'-square. I have been performing at the French Theatre for some time, but have now come from Paris to prosecute this case. The prisoner, White, was in my service as cook—in June last I had a jewel-case in my bed-room, and among other things in it was a 50l. note—it was safe there in the month of June—I had occasion to go to the box on the 24th of Aug., and the 50l. note was then gone—the box was kept in my bed-room, and locked, and I generally had the key on my bracelet—I sometimes left the key in the jewel-box when I went out between June and Aug.—it was the prisoner's duty to be in my bed-room every morning—when I missed the note I desired my lady's maid to speak to the prisoner about it—I did not speak to her myself, as she is Irish, and does not understand me—I did not hear her answer—I left England on the 31st of Aug., without finding the note—the officer afterwards produced to me a sash and piece of a bracelet, which are mine, but I had not missed them—there is nothing on the note to enable me to speak to it—(looking at one.)





EMILIE BARRATAM
. I am in the prosecutrix's service, and was so in June, Aug., and Sept. In consequence of her missing the 50l. note, on the 25th of Aug., I said to White, "Mary, Madame Forgeot has lost a 50l. note; we had better search all over the place"—she said, it was very extraordinary; there was always something lost; and said, "Does Madame suspect me?"—I said, "I do not know; we are the only two in the place, and she may suspect me as well"—I looked everywhere for the note, and had the furniture removed—I had the coal-box in the kitchen moved, and searched behind it—the prisoner did not help me, nor seem to care about it—she said, "Oh, I dare say it is not there,"—I spoke to her about it twenty times—she always said she did not know anything about it—she asked me if that money would prevent Madame going to France—I said I did not suppose it would, as she could get money—she was taken into custody on Tuesday, the 2nd of Sept.—she had been sweeping the drawing-room the day before, and brought me a dust-pan with a few bits of cards and papers in it, and asked me if she might look among them for the note—she was taken into custody the next day—I know the prisoner M'Mahon—I saw him at the house three or four times a long time ago, but not since the note was lost—I saw him in the street—he used to visit White before the note was lost—it was the duty of nobody but me and White to go into the bed-room.


White. The hair-dresser, dress-maker, and corn-doctor, were in her bed-room. Witness. The dress-maker was never in the bed-room, to my knowledge, nor the hair-dresser—he was in the dressing-room—the corndoctor could not get to the jewel-box, as Madame and I were with him.

White. I have never seen the key off her bracelet, and never lifted the jewel-box; the witness used to carry it up and down. Witness. I took it down into the drawing-room about five weeks ago—that was the only time—Madame then emptied it, and I thought the note might have dropped out, when I heard it was lost—I carried the box back to the bedroom afterwards—the dress-maker and her husband, who is a jeweller, and was to repair some jewellery, were in the drawing-room at the time, and a relation of the prosecutrix.





JOHN CASHMAN
. I am a printer, and live at the corner of Charles-street, Hatton-gardcn. I first became acquainted with M'Mahon on the 27th of August—I met him in Palace-yard when I went to hear the band—I fell into conversation with him—I met him at the bottom of James-street on the morning of the 1st of Sept., and walked with him down. Pall-mall—he showed me a 50l. bank note—it was such a one as that now produced—he told me he bad received it from his mother in Ireland, that she wanted him to go to Ireland—I went the same day with him to a public-house in Cow-cross—he was there taken into custody by Penny.





PHILIP POILE
. I live at the Cart and Horses public-house, Turnmill-street, Cow-cross. On the 1st of Sept., in consequence of wbat was said to me, I went up stairs in my house, and found M'Mahon and Cashmait there—M'Mahon asked me to get change for a £50 note—I took it from him, and went to Inspector Penny with it—this is the note.





WILLIAM PENNY
. I am a police-inspector. I received information from Poile on the 1st of Sept.—I went to the Cart and Horses public-house, Turnmill-street, Cow-cross, and found M'Mahon in the room in company with Cashman—he was very drunk—I had the £50 note which Poile had given me—I took M'Mahon into custody, and asked where he got that note from—he said that was his business—he had a pot of beer in his hand, which he threw over me, pot and all—I took him to the station—on the following morning he said, "I will account for the £50 note; I got it from my mother; she wished me to go back to Ireland"—the note having been stopped at the Bank, I found the owner, and went to Mademoiselle Forgeot's residence, in King-street, St. James's, from what I heard at the Bank—Mademoiselle Forgeot was in Paris—I showed it to the lady's maid—I took White into custody, and said to her, "Do you know anything of this?" producing the note—she said, "Yes, I do"—I said, "What do you know?"—she said, "I found it among the rubbish and ashes in the drawing-room yesterday" (this was on the 2nd Sept.)—she said, "I gave it to M'Mahon that day, to get change"—I went into her bed-room, got her key from her, searched her box in her presence, and found this piece of ribbon, and this stone of a bracelet in it—she said she also found that about the room—Mademoiselle Forgeot has recognised them as hers—I was present at the prisoners' examination—after the evidence was given I heard the Magistrate ask if they had anything to say—they were cautioned and told it would be taken down if they said anything—White made a statement, which was taken down, and so was what M'Mahon said—the Magistrate subscribed the statement—this is it—(read—"The prisoner White says,—I found the note cleaning out the fire-stove in the

drawing-room, the morning before I was brought here." M'Mahon says, "White gave me the note.")

M'Mahon. Q. Did not you hinder me from drinking the beer, and by that means it came over you? A. You threw it over me, and hit me with the pot on the breast.

M'Mahon to
JOHN CASHMAN. Q. Did you see me chuck the beer over him? A. I was not looking that way, as the other policeman was searching me at the time—I did not look to see any beer on the floor.





MADEMOISELLE FORGEOT

re-examined. This ribbon and piece of stone are mine—they were kept in a box in my dressing-room, not the jewel-box—I remember seeing them safe during Aug.





EMILIE BARRATAM

re-examined. I had seen the ribbon and stone safe in a chest of drawers, with perhaps sixty others, the last week in Aug., when I was packing up—I saw the piece of stone two days before Madame went to France, which was at the end of Aug.

White. I asked her what Mademoiselle would do to any person who would find the note, and she said that Mademoiselle would prosecute them, and she would not wish to find it; that was the cause of my keeping it.

Witness. I never said so—I said Mademoiselle should find her note if she gave the number—when she called on a gentleman to get the number to stop it, and when it was stopped, I said, "There, now, if that note was to pass into twenty hands, it will be found out, the first hand it went to, and they will be prosecuted most likely."





THOMAS CHAPMAN
 I am treasurer of the French Theatre, and pay the taxes for this house. It is in the parish of St. James's, Westminster, and was the dwelling-house of Mademoiselle Forgeot at this period.

White. I beg for mercy.

M'Mahon. White gave me the note.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.


M'MAHON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Twelve Months.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

