



2607. 




JAMES HURLEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of October, 2 shillings, and three sixpences, the property of 



James Scott Ray, from the person of 



Elizabeth Ray.






ELIZABETH RAY
. I am the wife of James Scott Ray, of the Dolphin public-house, Wapping. On the 5th of October, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was coming over Old Gravel-lane bridge—there was a ship coming into the docks at the time, which delayed my crossing—I saw the prisoner near me, and moved from him several times—he followed me in a minute or so—the last time I moved, I went some distance from him—he came again, and I asked what he wanted so close to me, did he know me—he said, he did not want any thing of me—I said, "I think you are a young pickpocket," and gave him a bard slap of the face, and told him to get farther from me, for I had got no pockets, nor yet holes for him to pick—on looking round, I found I had got a hole in the side of my gown—Mary Sergeant spoke to me, and said I had got a very large pocket hole—the seam of my gown was unpicked, it was not injured—a gentleman brought the prisoner back, and a policeman took him—I saw him searched, and two shillings and three sixpences were found on him—one of the six-pences, in particular, I had remarked in the morning—it was what I call a duberous one—I bit it, thinking it was a bad one—I could not tell to a shilling or two what I had in my pocket, but I had between 2l. and 3l.—I can swear to the sixpence—(looking at it.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it in consequence of Sergeant speaking to you that you discovered your gown was cut? A. Yes—the gentleman brought the prisoner back hardly a minute after—I think I missed about 7s. or 8s. altogether—3s. 6d. only was found on the prisoner.

MARY SERGEANT. I am the wife of Henry Law Sergeant, and live in Anchor and Hope-alley, Wapping. I was on Old Gravel-lane bridge, and saw the prisoner go up to the prosecutrix three or four times—she tried to get rid of him, but wherever she went he followed her—I pointed out to Mrs. Ray the hole that had been made in her gown.





WILLIAM GOLDWIN
 (police-constable K 409.) I received the prisoner into custody, and asked him what money he had about him—he said, 3s. 6d.—I was then about to search him, when he held it out in his hand—I asked him where he had got it from—he said he had been to borrow it in Cannon-street-road for his mother to go to market—the prosecutrix immediately said, "How can you say that? that is my sixpence, I swear, "pointing to one she called a scrupulous one—I asked him where he had borrowed the money—he said he did not know where, nor of whom—I did not find any knife on him, I found a key—at that time the bridge was open, and if he did it with a knife there was an opportunity of getting rid of it.

Cross-examined. Q. He was handed over to you by a gentleman? A.


By Mrs. Ray—a gentleman who stood there, who, I understood, had brought him to Mrs. Ray.




GUILTY
.* Aged 15.—


Transported for Ten Years.—



Recommended to the Penitentiary.


