





3067. 




JOHN OTZIN,



 MARY DUDMAN
, and 




ANN CLARK
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of October, 3 shillings, and 4 halfpence, the monies of 



William Mouls, the master of Otzin.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM JOHN MOULS
. I am the son of William Mouls; he keeps the George public-house, in High-street, Newington Butts. On the 5th of October, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, Dudman and Clark came, and had half a quartern of gin—Otzin, who was our barman for a fortnight, served them—it came to 2d.—I then saw him take a six-pence—he sounded it on the counter, and put it into the till—he then took. out of the till three shillings and six pennyworth of halfpence, and put it down to Dudman—she put out her hand to take it up—I put my hand on it, and said, "Stop, let me see what you have given there"—I then turned to Joseph Smith, our other barman, and said, "Take notice of what I have taken up here, it is three shillings and a sixpence"—I sent for an officer, and gave Otzin and Dudman into custody—Clark went away, but she went to the station to inquire about Dudman, and the officer brought her to me, to know if she was the other party—I did not observe which of them put down the sixpence—each of them had some of the gin.





JOSEPH SMITH
. I am barman to Mr. Mouls. I saw Dudman and Clark in the shop, and Otzin served them with half a quartern of gin—I saw Otzin take a sixpence off the counter, sound it, and put it into the till—he took out some change, and put it on the counter to them—I did not

see at that time what he took out—my young master came forwards, put his hand on it, and took the change up—Dudman had put her hand slightly towards it, but did not take it—my master took up three shillings and six pennyworth of coppers—I went for the officer.





JAMES BRADDICK
 (police-sergeant A 30.) I saw Dudman and Clark go to Mr. Mouls' for the first time, on the 27th of September—they both went in—Clark put down a mug, Otzin put a pint of beer into it, and Clark put down 1s.—I saw Dudman and Clark several times together, between the 27th of September and the 5th of October—I watched them go into Mr. Mouls' eight times one Saturday night, before the 5th of October.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-sergeant A 28.) I know Dudman and Clark—I have seen them together—on Saturday, the 1st of October, I saw them go in and out of the prosecutor's house several times—Otzin was in the house, and served them once.

Otzin's Defence. The way I account for the 3s. 6d. being on the counter is, Dudman called for half a quartern of gin, and gave me a shilling; and then I understood her to say, "Give me that shilling back, and I will give you half-a-crown." I took that shilling up, and the change. I discovered it, and was going to take it up to rectify it, as Mr. Moul's clapped hit hand on it.

Clark's Defence. I had no knowledge whatever of Otzin. I have been frequently that way, having occasion to meet my husband on the rank at St. George's-road. On several occasions I have met Dudman, and she has asked me to drink, and on this occasion I did so; it was a shilling that was given.

OTZIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DUDMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

CLARK—


GUILTY
, Aged 24. 




Confined Six Months.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

