




673. 




ROBERT CARPENTER
 and 




ANN PYBUS
 were indicted for

feloniously receiving, on the 
27th of Jan., 8 spoons, value 3l. 14s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 16s.; 2 cruet-tops, 4s.; 1 pair of nut-crackers, 4s.; 1 coat, 3l.; 1 hat, 1l.; 1 pair of gloves, 1s. 6d.; 1 necklace, 1s.; 1 key, 6s. 6d.; and 10 half-crowns; the property of 



Isaac Fordham: and 1 waistcoat, 7s.; 1 razor and case, 2s. 6d.; and 1 guard-chain, 6d.; the goods of 



William Brown Fordham: well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






ISAAC FORDHAM
. I live in Hatton-garden, and am an emery-paper maker. On the 26th of Jan. I went to bed about ten o'clock—my house was shut up in the usual way—I did not see it fastened, but I was the last person up, and I saw it was shut up as usual—next morning I found it had been entered at the back kitchen window, by cutting it away—I found my drawing-room deranged, and missed a cash-box from an escrutoire, which had been shut and locked the night before, but the key was left in it—there were twenty-five sovereigns in the cash-box, and about 3l. in half-crowns—I saw it all safe a few minutes before I went to bed—I was going a journey—I had opened the box, and counted the cash—I missed these spoons, and tongs, and other things—I had seen them on my sideboard at ten o'elock the night before—these spoons and other articles are mine, and here are the exact quantity I missed—they have my initials on them—I missed a rough coat and a hat, which I had seen safe the night before—this waistcoat is my son's, and this razor and case are his—his name is William Brown Fordham—he is not here—I know it is his—his things were in a desk, which was broken open, in the warehouse, not in the room where my things were—there was another desk in the warehouse, which was found locked, but it had been unlocked, and some trifling articles taken out—the thief had had a key which opened it—I saw this key (looking at one) at the Magistrate's office, and they allowed me to take it home and use it—it is the key of my iron chest—I saw another key produced, which I saw the officer try to my son's desk, and it fitted it as well as the proper key did—it was not my son's.





THOMAS KEYS
. I am an accountant, and live in the front room up stairs at No. 14, Church-way, St. Pancras. The two prisoners lived in the back room—about a quarter before three o'clock in the morning of the 27th of Jan. I was in bed and awake—I heard a voice from the back of the premises call "Ned" and immediately somebody from the back room adjoining to mine, went down stairs and let in two or three persons—I am certain there were two persons let in—they went into the prisoners' room, and shortly afterwards they commenced a great noise, as if they were hammering a tin cannister—I listened attentively, and could not distinguish their voices from the sound of the tin, and as if they were sounding gold and silver—I heard somebody say, "Now we shall have the 2s. 6d. or 12s. 6d. to be divided between us"—it was a male voice that said that—I then heard a female say, "Now, I suppose, it is all over, you will go out of town," and a male voice said he thought he should go to Brighton—shortly after we same persons, apparently, who had been let in, left—I did not see any

person—they had remained in the room perhaps an hour—as they were going down, I heard as if they were taking away the same tin thing that they brought in—the same person who let them out then returned to the room, and I heard a rattling which sounded to me like keys—I afterwards heard some policemen pass—I opened my window, called them, and let them in—I then went into my room—I afterwards went into the back room and saw the prisoners there—I saw this plate which is here—the policeman had this tin box in his hand when I hailed him from my window.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. There was a good deal of talking after the persons came up stairs? A. Yes—I did not hear a female voice making any strong remarks on what was going on—I heard a female say something about making tea, just before the others left—the other parties were in the room three-quarters of an hour or an hour—I was listening the whole time—there appeared to me to be two or three men talking—I did not hear the female talk much—she might talk in a lower tone—I do not recollect hearing her voice above once or twice—I did not bear one of the men say to the female, "It is no business of yours"—when they were going away she said, "I suppose you are going for a spree?"—she said, "I suppose you are going to Portsmouth?" and a man said, "No, I shall go to Brighton"—I did not hear the words "Hold your noise"—I hare told as much as I heard—the conversation was rapid—I will swear I heard two persons come up to the room, and some person call from the back of the premises—there is a street at the back—I heard a person go down, and it was a man as far as I could judge—I had been reading till a short time before I went to bed—I came in about ten minutes past twelve o'clock—I did not hear anybody go down before some one left the room to let these persons in—I had heard two persons talking in the prisoners' room in a quiet manner—everything was as quiet as possible in the house.

COURT. Q. Can you tell whether it was a man's step that went down stairs? A. Yes, it was a man's step, I am satisfied, that went down, and I heard at least two persons come up, and I heard two voices occasionally in addition to what I had heard in the room before.





HENRY SHAWYBB
 (police-constable S 45.) About five o'clock in the morning, on the 27th of Jan., I was spoken to by Keys, and I went with other officers to the back room on the first floor of his house—I found the prisoners there—I took Pybus into custody—she said to another officer, who took up some of this plate and asked what that was, that it was what a young man, a friend of hers, had left who had just gone—I received thu key from the female searcher, which I took to Mr. Fordham's and tried to the desk that the waistcoat had been taken from, and it fitted it exactly.

Cross-examined. Q. Was that all the female prisoner said? A. It was all she said in the room—she said a young man, or two young men, who had just gone away, had left it, and'the word "friend" was mentioned—she said a friend of hers or of theirs.





LEES SHAW
 (police-sergeant S 4.) I went with the other officer to the room, and found the two prisoners—I said, "What is all this hammering going on here?"—Pybus said they had but just got up, and there had been no hammering in the house whatever—both the prisoners said that, an Carpenter also said that all the property in the room was their own, and we were welcome to search it—the coats were taken off the bed—Pybus

said they were her husband's, and Carpenter said, "These aie my property"—I took this razor, which was close beside him, and he said, "This is my property, too"—in taking his coat up a glove dropped from it which he said was his property, and in searching him at the station I found these ten half-crowns in his right hand breeches pocket, and one glove in bis coat pocket—I had found this cash-box about 100 yards from the house before I went there—when I got to the room the female was dressed and the man was dressed all but his coat—there was a bedstead in the room which was turned up—when the woman said they had just got up the man was close to her—they were almost touching one another—I do not think the man said anything when she said that.

Cross-examined. Q. The man's coat was hanging up, was it not? A. Yes, in the room—I am not certain whether it was on the bedstead or not, as the room was rather dark—we had but a small bit of candle, and one of our lamps—the man put on his coat, which I think was handed to him by a constable—I did not see it hanging close by the prosecutor's coat—I swear that both the prisoners said that there had been no hammering—I swore so before the Magistrate—this is my signature to this deposition—(The deposition being read, stated, "The male prisoner said there had been no hammering there.")

Q. Do you persist now in swearing that both the male and female said there had been no hammering? A. Yes, I do—one of the constables held the coat up, when the female said it was her husband's.





EDWARD SIIATLOR
 (police-constable S 214.) I went with the other constables to the room—I found there these eight spoons, these tongs, this hat, and the other things—I held up the spoons, and asked who they belonged to—the female prisoner said they had been left there by two young men, who had just gone away—I found in the male prisoner's pocket this key of Mr. Fordham's iron safe, and I found in the fire-place this bit of tin, supposed to be a part of the cash-box; but it was broken in such a way, that it could not be exactly identified.





SARAH GOWER
. I am the wife of George Gower; we live in Seymour-place, North; there is a gate from the back of our premises into Church-way. On the morning of the 27th of Jan., I found part of the cash-box in the yard of our house.





GEORGE ARNOUP
. I am landlord of the house where the two prisoners lived—they had been living there a fortnight and two days—the female took the premises between one and two o'clock one day, and both the prisoners came about five—when they were in my house at night, no one could get in, without knocking, or some person letting them in—I sleep in the front parlour—about four in the morning, on the 27th of Jan., I was awake, and three persons came down stairs—they came along the passage, and at the door a strange voice said, "Good morning," and the prisoner Carpenter said, "Good morning"—I knew his voice—he closed the door, and the others went out.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you heard that the female prisoner is married, and has left her husband? A. I have heard so—I do not know it.





SARAH WILSON
. I am wife of George Wilson—I searched the female prisoner, and found in her pocket this key of the prosecutor's desk—I gave it to the policeman.





JOHN KELLY
 (police-constable S 115.) On the morning of the 27th of Jan., at half-past six o'clock, I went to the prisoner's room—I found

this brass handle there—I have not compared it with any box or any place.

Carpenter. The property was left by two young men, friends of mine and sooner than get them into the misfortune that I have got into, I will suffer myself; this female has nothing to do with it.
(Pybus received a good character.)

CARPENTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


PYBUS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—



Confined Six Months.

