






1485. 




EMMA DENNIS
 and 




HARRIET WENDOVER
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 watch, value 28l.; 1 guard-chain, 10l.; 1 breast-pin, 5l.; 1 tooth-pick, 1l.; 1 pen-knife and case, 10s.; 1 handkerchief, 5s.; 2 half-crowns, 4 shillings, and I sixpence, the goods of 



William Helling Bennett; and that Wendover had been before convicted of felony; 





ROBERT WENDOVER



 for feloniously receiving 1 watch, 1 guard-chain, and 1 penknife and case, part of the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, and that he had been before convicted of felony; and 




THOMAS DENNIS



 for feloniously receiving I watch, part of the said goods, well knowing it to have been stolen.






WILLIAM HELLING BENNETT
. I live in Southwick-street, Hyde-park. On the 4th of April I dined with a friend—in going home I met Emma Dennis and Harriet Wendover in the New-road, near Tottenham-court-road—one of them, I cannot say which, asked for something to drink—I went with

them to a public-house and gave them something to drink—I did not drink anything myself—when I came out they asked me to go home—I went with them to a room in Brook-street—we went into the room all together—I went to bed with both of them—I was not sober—I had a gold watch, a gold chain, and a gold pin—I put my watch and chain on the table—my pin was in my stock on the chair—I had a gold tooth-pick, and about 9s. 6d. in silver money in a purse in my coat pocket—I know that I bad my money safe when I went to pay for the ale the prisoners had—I was ill and fell asleep—when I awoke the two prisoners were there and dressed—they wished me to go with them—I had not missed anything then—after they were gone the landlady came and asked me to get up—I did so, and when I came to dress I missed my watch, chain, pin, and money, but not the purse—I called the landlady, and told her I had been robbed—she said she knew nothing about it—I got a policeman and went to the station—this is my watch, and this is my penknife and case—it is all that has been recovered—I swear to Emma Dennis being one of the women, and am pretty sure about Wendover, but I will not swear to her.





SARAH BROCKLEY
. I am the wife of Charles Brockley, and live in Little Brook-street—ours it an accommodation house—on the 4th of April I left my house for about twenty minutes, and when I returned the prosecutor and the two female prisoners were there—I had seen Wendover several times previous, but Dennis I had never seen before—after they had been up with the prosecutor, Wendover came down and said, "Will you allow the gentleman to stay a quarter of an hour, and we are going?"—I said, "Is he tipsy?"—she said, "No"—I then said, "Before you go I shall go up stairs and see"—I went up stairs with her—when I got up, the prosecutor was leaning on one side of the bed, and Emma Dennis was sitting on a chair by the side of the bed—she had her bonnet and shawl on—I asked the prosecutor if he was ill—he said he wished to remain a quarter of an hour—I said, "Is it all right before these girls go?"—he said, "It is all right, they may go"—he did not look for his property then—they went, and said they would return in half an hour, but they did not come back—a quarter of an hour after I went up stairs to the prosecutor—he was then leaning on the bed—I told him it was time for him to go, as he looked so very ill—he got up, and when he was dressing himself he said, "Where is my watch, and pin, and tooth-pick, and silk handkerchief?"—I said, "If you have lost your watch how much to blame you were to let those girls go"—I searched the room, but found nothing but one bracelet, which I gave to the officer.





WILLIAM SIMS
 (police-constable S 68.) In consequence of information I went in search of the female prisoners—I found them, about one o'clock, in Wilson-street, Somers-town—I told them I wanted them, and said, "You know what I want you for"—Harriet Wendover said, "Yes"—I took them to the station—I knew them as prostitutes—I do not know where they lived—I believe this bracelet to be one that I had seen on Harriet Wendover the day before the robbery—she had one of this pattern.

Wendover. You were drinking with us in a public-house on the Friday night. Witness. No, I walked away—I saw you drinking with my friend.





FRANCIS MANSER
 (police-constable S 87.) This bracelet was given to me by Brockley—I have known Robert Wendover five years—he and Harriet Wendover lived together as father and daughter, and Thomas and Emma Dennis lived together in the same house—I always believed them alto to be father and daughter.

Thomas Dennis. Q. When did you know me? A. When you were living in Brill-place five years ago—you then went to Back-hill.






JAMES PEACHEY
, pawnbroker, Goswell-street. Between ten and eleven o'clock on Monday morning, the 8th of April, Thomas Dennis came and gave into my shopman's hand this gold watch—he asked 5l. on it—my shopman beckoned me aside, and told me something—Dennis was then questioned, and he said he was sent by Mr. Richards, of Northampton-square—I asked the number—he did not give me an account which I knew to be correct—he said he was a porter, and I understood he worked in the enclosure in the square—I sent my man to inquire—the prisoner stood quietly a few minutes—I turned to weigh some gold, and found he was making his way out—I ran out at another door, and overtook him—I said, "You must wait till my man comes back; you must go into the shop," but the advice given by the crowd, was, "You had better run, old fellow"—he ran off a considerable distance—when I caught sight of him I ran after him, and got into a street some distance, and saw him fifty yards a-head—I called, "Stop him"—a man took up the chance, but he had turned, and I lost sight of him—I went up, looked about, and found him in a cow-house—I said, "Why did you run away?"—he said he did not know why he should get into trouble for other people, and he said, "If you go to St. John's Coffee-house, you will find a man with a shade on his eye, he gave it me"—I asked a man to go and inquire there—I afterwards went there, and met the man coming with Robert Wendover, and he was taken—he said he had sent Thomas Dennis with the watch, and he had found it in Tottenham-court-road on the Friday evening—I had looked at the description in the sheet, and said, "There was a chain to the watch, was there not?"—he said yes, but he got tipsy, and lost it—I saw the knife found on him.





JAMES CLIFFORD
 (police-constable G 91.) On Monday morning, the 8th, Thomas Dennis was given into my charge—he said he was sent by another man with the watch.





ROBERT NICHOLLS
 (police-constable G 142.) Robert Wendover was given into my charge—he said he should say nothing till he got to the station—he then stated that he had found the watch in Tottenham-court-road on the Thursday evening previous—I found this pen-knife and case on him, and a certificate of Her Majesty's free pardon from seven years' transportation.

Emma Dennis's Defence. We went to Albany-street station, and the person of the house came and said she had seen Harriet Wendover before, but not me; and did not know me; the policeman walked up to her, and said, "These are the two girls;" and then she said, "I can swear to both of them."

Harriet Wendover's Defence. The policeman has sworn falsely; I never wore bracelets in my life.

Thomas Dennis's Defence. On the day after Good Friday, Robert Wendover came to my house, and asked if I wanted a job to go to Clerkenwell; I said, "I can't go now, I have got my linen to take home;" he said, "Monday will do;" when I came down on Monday he was by the Maiden Head door; I went with him as far as St. John's-square; he said, "I will go and get a drop of ale, and you take this and get 5l. on it;" I went to the pawnbroker's, and when I heard him say, "Go and see if things are right," something came over me; I went out and ran away; the pawnbroker said, "You must come back;" the persons said, "Run away;" I was agitated, and did not know what to do; I ran into a cow-shed, and when the pawnbroker came, I told him who gave it me.

Robert Wendover's Defence. I have undergone a sentence of transportation; but in consequence of my good behaviour part of it was forgiven; I came to London, hoping to find a comfortable home, but I was disappointed,

labouring under a severe affliction, being nearly blind; I was meditating a return to my parish in Devonshire; I throw myself on your well-known benevolence, as my blindness will incapacitate me from following my trade.





JOHN RAVENEY
 (police-constable D 99.) I produce a certificate of Harriet Wendover's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.





WILLIAM ROBERTS
 (police-constable G 152.) I produce a certificate of Robert Wendover's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

EMMA DENNIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

HARRIET WENDOVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

ROBT. WENDOVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 47.






Transported for seven Years.


THOMAS DENNIS—


NOT GUILTY


