




993. 




WILLIAM OGLE
, and 




WILLIAM SAUNDERS
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Hewitson Udall, about the hour of three o'clock in the night of the 
20th of March, at 

St. James, Westminster, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 bottle, value 1s 6d; 1 pint of whiskey, 2s 8d; 1lb of cigars, 12s; 1 sixpence, 22 pence, 55 halfpence, and 24 farthings; his property: and that Ogle had been before convicted of felony.



MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL MARKS
 (police-sergeant C 31.) I was in Little Pultney-street, about three o'clock on the morning of the 21st of March, and saw the two prisoners come out of the door of the Queen's Head public-house—I went to the house—I found the door open, and the place in darkness—I followed the prisoners—when they saw me they ran—I sprung my rattle, and followed them—I am quite sure they are the two men who came from the door—I did not take them at that time.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. You saw them both come from the door of the public-house? A. Yes—Ogle was first, and Saunders behind—I believe it was Ogle turned round and saw me following—he then spoke to Saunders, and they set off running.





BISLEY ROBARDS
 (police-constable C 148.) At three o'clock that morning I was in Regent-street—I heard the springing of a rattle, and a cry of "Stop, thief!"—I saw Ogle running, and took him—he kicked me, and said he would rip my b—guts out—I got assistance, and took him to the station—I searched him, and found fifty-five halfpence, twenty six penny-pieces, twenty-four farthings, one sixpence, and thirty-four cigars—I picked up this neck of a bottle in Sherrard-street.

Ogle. Q. Were you behind me? A. I heard the springing of a rattle—I ran down Regent-street, and you were running on the other side.





GEORGE CARTER
 (police-constable C 91.) I was on duty in Sackville-street—I saw Saunders running towards me, and stopped him—I asked what he had got—he said, "Nothing"—I took him to the station, and found on him six penny-pieces, eleven halfpence, five cigars, five screws of tobacco, and a large quantity of broken cigars, all in his right-hand pocket.





MARY ANN UDALL.
 I am the daughter of John Hewitson Udall, who keeps the Queen's Head public-house, in Little Pultney-street. On Sunday morning, the 21st of March, I went to bed about one o'clock—I was the last person up—the lower part of the house was perfectly secure, and the doors bolted—about three o'clock I was alarmed by the policeman ringing the bell—I went down into the bar—I found the till open, and a drawer taken out that was in the till, and al the contents gone—they were all safe when I went to bed—I had left about 1s worth of halfpence in the till, 6d worth of farthings, and a sixpence, and there were 5s worth of coppers in a tin-box—that money was all gone, and a quantity of cigars—I have looked at all the property that is here—I believe it is my father's—some of the cigars are peculiar—my cousin had brought them home from St. Petersburg—I know them by the marks on them—I also missed a bottle of whiskey—the house had been entered by breaking a square of glass in the tap-room window—that would enable a person to put their hand in and open the window, and that window was open—I was in bed and asleep, and was awoke—it is my father's dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. James, Westminster.

JURY.
Q. Did you see the prisoners on the evening before? A. Yes.

Ogle's Defence. I brought the cigars from Bahia, and coppers I got from Port Philip.





GEORGE THORNTON
 (police-constable D 109.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Ogle's former conviction at this Court, by the name of Patrick Hannagan—(read—convicted the 31st of Jan., 1842, and transported for fifteen years)—the prisoner is the man—I have been given to understand that he escaped from transportation.


Ogle. Q. How do you know me; I am only twenty-two now? A. I was the officer that apprehended you.

OGLE—


GUILTY. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


SAUNDERS—


GUILTY. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.

