





2695. 




ALFRED COWLEY,



 CHARLES DUDLEY
, and 




DENNIS BURNS
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Lott, on the 
20th of October, at 
St. Mary, Islington, and stealing therein 21 spoons, value 7l. 7s.; 3 knives, value 1l. 7s.; and 14 forks, value 9l. 7s. 6d.; the goods of the said Thomas Lott.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.






ISABEL MORSON
. On the 20th of October I was in the Hanley road, Islington, about noon, and saw the three prisoners together, near Mr. Lott's house—they parted—Dudley and Burns went in at a door by Mr. Lott's, which led to some waste ground which adjoins Mr. Lott's—Cowley remained outside at the door—I am quite sure these are the three I saw.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. What were you doing? A.


Walking out with my sister and little brother—I had never seen the prisoners before—I know them by their general appearance and their faces.





ANN BLOOMFIELD
. I am cook to Mr. Lott. On the 20th of October there were some spoons and forks in a basket on the window bench in the front kitchen—I left the kitchen about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning for a quarter of an hour—when I returned I found the plate-basket at the back of the house, on the stone steps, empty—the window of the back kitchen was shut when I left—there is a piece of waste ground adjoining Mr. Lott's—it is separated from Mr. Lott's by a brick wall.

COURT. Q. Was this window fastened? A. It was shut—when I found the plate-basket empty, I turned to the window and found it open.

Cross-examined. Q. What makes you recollect this window being shut? A. I had been in the back-kitchen an hour before, and the window was shut—there are two servants besides myself—they certainly did not open the window—I cannot say whether any one else had opened it.





THOMAS DIXON
. I live in Cloudesley street, Islington, and farm a little land near Mr. Lett's. Between eleven and twelve o'clock on the morning of the 20th of October, I was in Crouch End-lane—I saw the three prisoners walking together in close conversation about two hundred yards from the prosecutor's house—I did not like their appearance—they went straight up the road—I fancied I saw them pass something like plate from one to the other—when I got near the prosecutor's I heard a robbery had been committed—I immediately returned after the prisoners as fast as I could, on my horse—I stopped them all—another man came up to Dudley and laid hold of him—I said, "You are my prisoners, the first man that starts I will knock him down"—I said I had information that a house had been robbed, and I suspected they were the parties—they said they knew nothing at all about it, they wished to go about their business—I took them back towards Mr. Lott's—in going along, Cowley said he met Burns at the corner of the lane—Burns said he was quite a stranger, and then Dudley said he was quite a stranger, and then two of them knew each other—I had seen Dudley give the plate to Cowley—when we got them back I said, "Now we will begin and search them"—I said to Cowley, "You have got the plate, you may as well give it up"—Cowley said, "I have, and will give it to the lady"—he took it from his pocket—I took them to Highgate station—in going along we had some remarks about a good many things—I have lost a good many sheep.





PHILIP JKNKINS
. I am a gardener, and live at Stamford-hill. I assisted Dixon and took Dudley—he said he did not know any thing of the others, he only merely met with them—I kept him, and took him to Mr. Lott's—they were searched—I then took him to the station—he got away from me when I got to the town, but J recaptured him.





SARAH ANN WILLIAMS
. I am housemaid to Mr. Lott, who is an attorney. I saw the plate now produced safe a little before twelve o'clock on the morning it was taken, on the window bench in the front kitchen—I missed it a few minutes after, and saw the back kitchen window open—I had seen it shut an hour before—I did not open it—there were foot-marks on the dresser—a person had been walking on the dresser—there were marks of nails on the dresser—there was an appearance of gravel—it must have been a person who had been outside—an alarm was given, and in a quarter of an hour the plate was produced from Cowley's pocket.






WILLIAM JOSEPH GREEN
 (police-constable £22.) I was on duty at the station when the prisoners were brought—I asked Dixon who had the plate—Cowley said, "I had the plate, and I gave it to the lady."





THOMAS LOTT, ESQ
. I am a solicitor, and reside in the place mentioned. The value of the plate, if sold, would be about 15l.; it would cost me 30l. to replace it—my house is in the parish of St. Mary, Islington.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any other name than Thomas? A. No.

COWLEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

DUDLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

BURNS—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.





Transported for Fifteen Years.
