



2112. 




ROBERT WHALLEY



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 10l., with intent to defraud 



Frederick Roundtree.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK ROUNDTREE
. I keep the Crown and Sceptre at Poplar. The prisoner used to deal with me, and has occasionally borrowed money of me—when he left my neighbourhood about three years and a half ago, he owed me 3l. 10s.—on Saturday, 23d Aug., between six and seven o'clock, he came to my place, and presented me this check for 10l. (produced)—he said he was too late for the London Joint-Stock Bank, and would I advance him 2l. till the Monday morning, and he would then pay me 1l. or 30s. off the old debt—I advanced the 2l.—he left the check with me—I asked him how he came by it—he said it was the share of some property lately sold, belonging to his deceased aunt, and in three weeks or a month's time he was to have some more money—he said he got the check from "P. Kealey, 3, Elm-conr, Temple," and I wrote that address on the check, and likewise his address, "Mr. Whalley, 26, Red Lion-court, Holborn "—he put his name at the bank of it—I went, on Monday morning, to the Joint-Stock Bank, and did not get it paid—I afterwards found the prisoner, and asked how he came to get hold of a forged check, and rob me of 2l.—he said if I chose to present it at Elm-court. Temple, the party who gave it him would pay it—I sent Mr. Johnson.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had you known the prisoner? A. About five years and three months—I do not know his age I do not know that he is the son of a deceased physician—he is a married man, and has two young children—he was not tipsy when he came—he was given to habits of intemperance, but I had not seen him for two years and a half—he never used my house until lately—I have seen him tipsy—When I

went to him on the Monday morning, at a quarter-past nine, he was very tipsy—hex had proposed to accompany me to get the check cashed, but I said I should not like to be seen with him, he was too drunk to go—if he bad asked me to deduct my debt, and give him the balance of the check, I should have done it—I believe he has been to sea, as a midshipman—he has not been brought up to any business.





RICHARD PRESTON
. I am cashier at the London Joint-Stock Bank. We had no such account as this at the time this check bears date—the check was issued to Thomas Burnell and Co., on 27th Jan., 1845, who had an account with us at that time; it was closed sixteen months ago.





EDWARD JOHNSON
. I am a printer, and know Mr. Roundtree. At his request I went on Monday, 21st Aug., to the Temple, to make inquiry for the firm of Keeley and Co.—I could not find or hear anything of them.





JOSEPH PUDDIFORD
 (policeman, K 276). I took the prisoner into custody on 21st Aug.—I made inquiry at 3, Elm-court, Temple, for the firm of Keeley and Co., and could learn nothing of any such firm—going to the station with the prisoner, he said, "I have got myself into a nice mess now "—he was drunk at the time—after he had slept two or three hours at the station I told him what I took him for, and he said a young man named Nicholas Baker, in East-lane, had given him the check, and told him to do as he liked with it.

Cross-examined. Q. He was in a helpless state of intoxication? A. Yes; quite drunk. (Check read—"London, 19th Aug., 1845. London Joint-Stock Bank, Princes-street, Mansion-house. Pay to Mr. Whalley or bearer, 10l. P. Keeley and Co.")
(Joseph Gear, proprietor of the Mitre Tavern, Temple, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
of Uttering.
 Aged 26.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—


Transported for Seven Years.

