




1346. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 and 




EDWARD KING



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 



Isaac Wilcox, from his person.






ISAAC WILCOX.
 I am a tailor, at Little Bell-alley, Coleman-street. On 14th April I was spoken to by Greenwood, opposite the Old Bell, in Holborn, and missed my handkerchief—I went in search of the persons who were supposed to have taken it, and saw the policeman with the prisoners—on the way to the station I thought I saw King attempt to pass something—I did not see what it was—there were two or three ran beside, and I cautioned them to keep off—shortly afterwards I heard Greenwood say, "Here is the handkerchief"—this is it (produced), and the one I missed.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. Where did Greenwood say, "Here is the handkerchief?" A. In going to Smithfield—he had it in his hand—I saw him stoop—I did not see him pick it up—I was behind King in the road—there was a policeman behind the prisoners, and one beside them, who had hold of their collars—a boy that was running beside them kept running up against them, and that excited my attention.






ROBERT TILLCOCK
 (City policeman, 237.) I was on duty on Holborn-hill—Mr. Wilcox told me something—I saw Greenwood at the same time—he said, "They are them"—I accompanied him, and took the prisoners—I walked on with them towards the station—I saw Williams take something from his side-pocket, having the appearance of a handkerchief, and he dropped it—I did not see Greenwood pick it up, but I saw it directly after it was in his hand, and then saw it was this handkerchief—he picked it up in King-street, Snow-hill, near where the prisoners were—I had previously seen Williams make several attempts to give it to another person.

Cross-examined. Q. Another officer was behind? A. Yes—I had both the prisoners by the collar—the prosecutor walked behind—the moment it was in Greenwood's hand I saw it was a handkerchief—I canoot say whether it was a handkerchief the prisoners dropped—when Greenwood called out, "Here is the handkerchief, "I stopped—I did not see Greenwood pick it up—the other officer is not here—I did not know he was behind me—he told me so next morning.





JOHN GREENWOOD.
 I am a paper-hanger, in Hatton-garden. On the evening of 14th April I was in Holborn—I saw the prosecutor and a lady walking before me—the prosecutor was using a silk handkerchief—he returned it to his pocket—the prisoners were standing in a doorway at the corner of Ely-place—I saw King made an attempt at the prosecutor's pocket as he passed, and Williams was standing close beside him—King did not succeed, and both the prisoners followed the prosecutor—I saw king lift his coat with his right hand, take his handkerchief with his left hand, pass it to Williams, who put it into his pocket, and they went down Holborn—I went to the prosecutor, and said, "Sir, you have lost your pocket-handkerchief; give me your address"—he said, "Where are the parties?"—I told him to follow me and I would tell him—I saw the officer, and he took the prisoners—in conveying them to the station I saw Williams take the handkerchief out of his pocket and try to pass it to two of his companions, not to King—when we got to the top of Snow-hill, Williams threw the handkerchief on the ground—I took it up, and said, "This is the handkerchief"—I took it to the station, and gave it up.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there not an officer behind them? A. There were two officers—one had the prisoners in custody, and another was by my side—I was behind the prisoners—when I said, "Here is the handkerchief," the officer who had the prisoners said, "It is all righy"—the other officer did not speak—I was once in trouble—Michael Haydon, the police-constable, gave me seven days, for an attempt to pick pockets—that is four years ago last Christmas—the charge was false—I do not know what Magistrate I was before—it was at Guildhall—I never was in any other difficulty—my brother had three months, for uttering counterfeit coin—I do not think that charge was false—my brother is ninteen years old—he and I are twins—it was between nine and ten o'clock at night when I saw the prisoners take this handkerchief—I had not been at work that day—I have been out of employ—I was in the employ of Cooper and Boyd eighteen months ago—I have not been employed in my own business since—I have been labouring at Fresh-wharf, London-bridge—I was not close to Mr. Wilcox when he used his pocket-handkerchief—I was some distance behind him—he put it into his right-hand pocket—he had not got half-a-dozen yards further before King made the first attempt to get it, and when he got about thirty yards King succeeded in getting it—they had just turned away from him when I stopped

him and wanted his address—I was close behind the prisoners, watching them, when the pocket was picked.

King's Defence. I know Greenwood; he met us and asked if we were going to stand anything; we told him no; I do not think he lives in Hattongarden; my mother inquired, and he lives in Field-lane; I never was near the gentleman.

WILLIAMS—



GUILTY.** Aged 19.

KING—



GUILTY.** Aged 20.





Transported for Seven Years.

