




543. 




JAMES HOLMES
 and 




MARTIN KELLY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of December, 68lbs. weight of lead, value 10s., the goods of 



James Compton and others, and fixed to a certain building.






JAMES CLIFFORD
 (police-constable E 94.) On Saturday morning, the 12th of December, at a quarter-past six o'clock, I saw the two prisoners first in George-yard, Golden-lane, talking together just in the yard—I saw them again at halt-past seven in George-yard—Kelly was at the corner, and Holmes about two yards behind him, with a bundle on his head—they appeared to be coming together—I knew that Kelly lived in George-yard—on seeing me he turned his head and spoke to Holmes, who immediately ran back—I ran after him, and caught him in the act of running into Kelly's house—I saw the bundle was lead, and asked how he came by that lead—he made no answer, and I took him into custody—by that time Kelly had disappeared—I saw him at two o'clock the same day in Angel-court—he ran away—I saw him again on Monday evening in Brackley-street, and told him the charge—he said he knew nothing of it—I asked why he went away when he saw me take Holmes into custody—he said because I should not have him as a witness against him—I asked if he knew Holmes—he said he did not—the houses on each side Kelly's house were empty—I examined the roofs of those houses, and found a great quantity of lead missing from each one belonging to Mr. Leage—I fitted the lead I found to No.45, Golden-lane, which is a public-house—the lead I found in the bundle was 68lbs.—there was a great deal more missing—the doors and windows of the house were broken open.





RICHARD LEAGE
. I own one of the houses next to Kelly's, as agent—it is in my possession—I have the letting of it, and receive the rents—I have examined the roof, and missed about 2cwt. of lead in all—I saw this piece of lead among what was found fitted to it, and it fitted—the holes corresponded exactly—I am certain it was taken from that place.

Holmes's Defence. I was coming up the corner of George-yard, and met a man, who asked if I wanted a job. I said I did; he gave me the lead to carry down to the bottom of Golden-lane; he put it on my head. I turned round to look for him—he was gone, and the policeman took me. Kelly's Defence. Coming down George-yard, I saw another man give him a bundle. I did not know what was in it. I was going to get some tobacco, but the shop was not open. I came and stood at the corner of George-yard. The policeman passed by, ran after Holmes, and caught him.
(Kelly received a good character.)

HOLMES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

KELLY-

GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Six Months.
