



457. 




FREDERICK FITZGERALD
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 watch-guard, 2s.; 1 watch-key, 2d.; 1 knife, 4s.; 1 purse, 6d.; 2 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 groat; the property of 



William Smith, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM SMITH
. I am a plasterer, and live in Union-road, Clapham—the prisoner lodged in the same house—he slept with me on the night of the 18th Dec.—I had two half-crowns, two shillings, and a fourpenny-piece in a purse—I went to bed a little after eleven o'clock—I put my watch and guard and key into a little pocket at the head of the bed, and my purse was in my trowsers pocket on the floor at the foot of the bed—the prisoner went to bed at the time I did—I awoke about half-past three o'clock, and I observed him get out of bed about twenty minutes before four—he was moving something about at the foot of the bed—he then drew the curtain, and took my watch out of the pocket, and as I laid on the bed the watch-key drew across my face—he went out of the room—I drew the curtain and saw him go down to the back kitchen—he returned in a short time, threw himself on the bed, and got gradually into bed—I saw him extend his arms, as if in the act of throwing something, and heard the noise of silver on the floor—I then called to my landlord's boy, who was in the same room, to fetch his father—the boy struck a light, and fetched his father—I then left the prisoner in charge of the landlord, fetched a policeman, and gave the prisoner into his custody—I then went to the station, and returned with the policeman—I saw my watch found in the prisoner's pail amongst his tools, in the back kitchen—I had accused him of stealing it while he was in bed, and he said, "La', I have not seen it"—I had previously lost a thermometer out of my pocket, and that was why I laid still in bed when he took these things—this is my watch.





JAMES JOHNSON
. I am the landlord. The prosecutor and the prisoner lodged there—I was called up, and took charge of the prisoner while the prosecutor went for a policeman—I found this watch in the prisoner's pail, under his tools, in the back kitchen—I left it there till the constable came—this is it.






WILLIAM TERRY
 (police-constable F 194.) I received the prisoner in charge about half-past four o'clock in the morning, on the 19th of Dec.—I took him to the station—he said they would have to prove that he stole it—I returned to the house, looked in the pail, and found this watch—I found this purse, and the money in it, inside the fender, under the bed-room fireplace.





THOMAS EMMERSON
 (police-sergeant V 16.) I went to the bed-room—I found this knife under the head of the bed—the prisoner said he knew nothing about it, they would have to prove it.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor told people that it was a moon-light night, but it was very dark; he never asked me for the watch; it is impossible for him to swear to my getting out of bed; when he first lost the watch he said, "Have you seen it?" I said, "No;" he said, "I know you have, for I saw you take it;" he said he would soon do something for me; how the watch came into my pail I cannot tell; as to the purse I know nothing about it.





THOMAS EMMERSON

re-examined. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court, by the name of 


Frederick Child—(read—Convicted 25th Nov., 1844, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

