



2121. 




JAMES SKYRANNKEL
 was indicted

 for stealing 6 sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the monies of 



Samuel Prosser.






SAMUEL PROSSER.
 I am a seaman, and live at No. 5, Chigwell-hill. On the 14th of Sept. I was sleeping in the same room with the prisoner, he in one bed and I in the other—he went to bed three-quarters of an hour before me—I had 6l. in gold, five shillings, and some copper—I put it into my waistcoat pocket, and put it under the pillow, under my head—I went to sleep, and awoke about half-past five o'clock—the prisoner was getting up—I went to sleep again, and awoke at half-past six—the prisoner was not there—my waistcoat was there, but the money was gone—two bad pieces were put into my pocket instead of it—the prisoner never came back—he was lodging in the house before me—nobody slept in the room but us.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you find the bad money on the floor? A. No, in my waistcoat pocket—I felt my money there when I went to bed—I was quite sober.





ELLEN LINDSEY.
 I am the wife of George Lindsey, of the Home, Chigwell-hill. Prosser and the prisoner lodged there—the prisoner had come on the Saturday night previous—it was the second time he had been there—Prosser was in the habit of giving me his money to keep—I gave him 7l. odd on Monday afternoon—I was in bed when he come home, and he did not give me his Money—he is a very sober man—I never saw him drunk—on Tuesday morning, at half-past five o'clock, I heard my street door slam—I opened my window, but saw no one, I dressed myself, and at half-past six Prosser called to me, and said he had been robbed—I have seen these coins produced in the prisoner's possession, and cautioned him about passing them—he said he would pass them abroad, and could do so there with propriety—he said ha had bought them—they are something like the sovereigns you buy in the street.





ROBERT WILSON.
 I am a seaman, and live at this house. On Friday morning I saw the prisoner in Howell-street, Minories, and said, "Charley, I thought you were in Liverpool by this time"—he said, "For what?"—I said, "You know what; what have you done with my new Hamilton?"—he said he knew nothing about it—I said, "Come and take a walk"—we went towards Tower-hill"—he said, "Don't go that way, I know you want to give me in charge"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "If you are going to do so, come

this way"—we went up the Minories, towards the railway, and I gave him in charge.





WILLIAM BLAKE
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner in charge from the last witness—he had on some new clothes—he said he could not tell where he bought them—he could not tell where he lodged.





MARY ANN BIGNELL.
 I am an unfortunate girl. On Tuesday night the prisoner slept with me—I had known he before—next morning I got up and left him in bed—he got up afterwards, went out, came home tipsy, and went to bed—I heard something about the robbery, went up, and said, "Charley, what have you been doing?"—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "Yes, you have been robbing a man named Tiffy"—he said, "No, I have not"—I said, "Mrs. Coleman told me"—he got up, and ran out of the house—I saw him that night in the Three Crowns—a girl there said I had half of the 5l.—I left him there.

Prisoner's Defence. The room could be entered by any person; the door was open; a young man lived in the house; Bignell told me she did not want me, and told me to march, and that there were three policemen there; I got up and went out.





MARY ANN BIGNELL

re-examined. I said nothing about three policemen.




GUILTY. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

