



2723. 




MARY ANN EVANS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of Sept., 1 half-crown, 8 shillings, and 4 sixpences, the monies of 



John Weeds; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN WEEDS
. I live in Museum-street, Bloomsbury. On Monday morning, the 8th of Sept., between twelve and one o'clock, I met the prisoner at the bottom of Oxford-street—we went to a public-house—I staid there from ten minutes to a quarter of an hour—I then went with her to a house in George-street, and staid there from ten minutes to a quarter of an hour—we walked about from that time till between four and five o'clock in the morning, when I went with her again to George-street, and staid till between nine and ten o'clock—I had some money in my right-hand trowsers-pocket—there was no one in the house but the prisoner, I, and the servant, who came up to let us into the room, and locked the door on the outside—when I got up, between nine and ten o'clock, I put on my trowsers, and my money was gone—I accused the prisoner, and she said she had not taken any—I said she must, for there was no one else in the room—I knocked—the servant came up and opened the door—I told her, and went out and got a constable—I am sure I had the money when I went into the room with her—I counted the money after I gave her a half-crown in the room, after the door was locked—I had then 12s. 6d. loose money in my pocket—she said she would show the money in her hand to the landlady's daughter at the door—I said there was a sixpence I could swear to—I knocked the sixpence out of her hand—I took that in my hand before I went for a policeman—it is a sixpence I have had in my possession some months—I gave it to the inspector.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not give me two sixpences and two half-crowns?


A. No—I did not leave you in a public-house, and go out with two girls—I did not see a black man.





JANE HALL
. I am the daughter of Mary Hall—she lives at this house, in George-street, St. Giles's. I was there when the prosecutor came—atnine o'clock in the morning I heard a knocking at the door of the room where he and the prisoner were—the servant opened it—the prosecutor said he had lost his money—the prisoner said she had not got it, she would show me what she had got, the prosecutor had given her 6s.—she showed me some silver, which she took from her pocket—she said this gentleman gave her two half-crowns—he knock'd the money out of her hand on the floor, and said he could swear to the sixpence—he pointed out the sixpence, and picked it up—there were two half-crowns in her hand.





HANNAH CONNELLY
. I am searcher at the station. I searched the prisoner, and found on her 13s. 6d., and three keys.





WILLIAM HOLDER
 (police-constable E 100.) I took the prisoner to the station—this is the sixpence the prosecutor gave me.





JOHN WEEDS

re-examined. I know this sixpence by its being worn very thin on one side of the edge—I have had it better than three weeks.

Prisoner's Defence. He gave me two half-crowns and two sixpences, and another gentleman gave me 7s. 1d.; he had been in other company after he had been with me; he left me in a public-house; he came back, and said, "I have only 3s., I will pay for the room, and give you a half-crown;" he wanted the money back again in the morning; I said, "It is very hard of you to take my money; if you think I have done wrong, I will stop here, and you bring a policeman;" he said, "If you will give me 6s. I will do nothing;" I said, "I will not."





JURY TO JOHN WEEDS
. Q. Were you in a public-house with any females before? A. No—I was sober—I did not leave the prisoner from my meeting her, between twelve and one o'clock, until I missed the money.





EDWIN M'COY
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

