



1593. 




JOSEPH WRIGHT
was indicted

for stealing, on the 
30th of May, 2 half-crowns, the monies of 



James Christie, from the person of 



James Christie the younger.






JOSEPH HOUGHTON.
I am a coach-maker. On the 30th of May I saw the prisoner in Southampton-street, Strand—he went up to a little boy and talked to him—I did not hear what passed—the boy appeared to me to give him two half-crowns, and the prisoner gave him something in a paper—the little boy took the parcel out of his pocket—the prisoner took it, and took the two half-crowns out of his own pocket, and showed them to the little boy—then he wrapped up something and put it

back into his pocket—then the prisoner pointed to the boy to go down the street, and the prisoner ran the way I was going—I collared him, and said, "You have robbed that boy"—he said, "No, I have not"—I said, "You have, what have you robbed him of? "—he took two half-crowns out of his bosom, and gave them to me—I took him on till I saw a policeman, and gave him in charge.





JAMES CHRISTIE.
I am ten years old, and live with my father. His name is James—he is a carpenter, living in Maiden-lane—on Saturday the 30th of May, my mother gave me two half-crowns to go to Mr. Byers, at the corner of Broad-street, to buy some things—when I was in Southampton-street, the prisoner came to me and asked how I was—I told him very well—he asked how my father and mother was—I said they were very well—he asked if I knew him—I said no—he said his name was George Jones, and he had seen a man taken up for passing bad-half-crowns, and asked whether I knew how to tell if they were good—I said yes, to bite them—he felt in his pocket, and said, "I have not got a half-crown, yours are half-crowns, are they not? "—he asked me to let him look at them—I gave them to him—he wrapped up what I supposed to be the half-crowns in a piece of paper, and gave it to me again—I put it in my pocket—he then gave me a halfpenny to buy some sweet stuff—we walked together some time, and I felt in my pocket to see that my money was all right—the prisoner said, "What are you going to look for, to see if your halfcrowns are there? "—I said, "Yes"—I was going to open the paper—he took it out of my hand and told me he would show me where he lived, he took me up Museum-street to the corner of another street, and told me to go and get a halfpenny worth of sweet stuff or cherries, and told me to see how fast I could run—I did not see where he went—I went to the confectioner's where my mother had sent me—I pulled out the paper, and there were two halfpence instead of the half-crowns—Houghton came to me, and I went to the station-house.





ROBERT GAVARD
(police-constable F51.) The prisoner was given into my custody—I received these two half-crowns from Houghton—the boy had these two halfpence in this piece of paper.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in Southampton-street; the boy came to me and asked if I knew him; I said, no; he told me his name, and wanted to come home with me, and wanted me to tell him where I lived; I told him in Museum-street; to get rid of him I told him to run on; he went on; Houghton stopped me, and said, "You have robbed that boy of some halfpence; " I said I had not; he said, "You have, and there he goes; " I said I would pull out all the money I had; I pulled out 5s. 6d.; he snatched the two half-crowns, and said, "You have robbed him of this, I dare say; " I said I had not, but not to make a mob I would go with him.




GUILTY.*Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years

