



1617. 




MARY CARROLL
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 12l. 12s.; 2 watch-chains, 6l. 10s.; 1 seal, 10s.; and 1 watch-key, 10s.; the goods of 



Frederick Bishop; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






FREDERICK BISHOP
. I live in Grafton-place—I have been a servant, but have been out of a situation for fifteen months—on the 29th of July I met the prisoner at the corner of Stafford-street and Lisson-grove—she asked me to go with her—I said I had no money—she said, "Never mind, come along"—I said, "No, I would rather go home"—she said, "Nevermind, come home with me"—I went down to the bottom of Stafford-street, to No. 21, Steven-street—we went up stairs—she got a light—I took my hat off, and put my watch and chain into it—I undressed and went to bed—the prisoner came to me to bed with her clothes on—my hat was a white one, and my watch and guard were gold—after she had come to bed, she got up again in about ten minutes with the intention of washing herself—she went to the table, put her hand behind her, and took my watch out of my hat—she opened the room door, called Nance, and went down—I missed my watch and went down and called the police—my watch and chain, and seali were worth about 201.—I bought them abroad, about four years ago—I hate never seen any of them since—I am sure the prisoner is the woman—I bad no money—I had not a farthing.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. What time was this 1A. About twenty minutes before one o'clock in the morning—I had been to Notting-hill and was returning home—I wound my watch up before I put it in my hat—I did not fasten the door, the prisoner shut it, but whether she fastened it I cannot say—I was quite sober—the table stood on the right hand side oa entering the room, and the bed was on the left—the prisoner got up to wash, and she said she would come again—I am certain there was no one came intothe room—we were not in the dark—she got a light—the table was not far from the door—it was close handy if anybody had opened the door—the hat was within reach, but they did not I can swear.





JOHN GRAINGER
 (police-constable D 21.) I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner together at the corner of Great James-street and Stafford-street about a quarter before one o'clock—I went into Steven-street scarcely half an hour afterwards, and the prosecutor was running out of No. 21, calling "Police!"—I recognised him as being the person I had seen with the prison—I have known her for years.

Cross-examined. Q. How soon afterwards did you see her? A. I was looking for her for three days from the night the watch was lost, and could not

find her—I have done everything I can to find the watch, and have not found it.





ROBERT HEWLETT
. I live in Steven-street. I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor together that night—I noticed the prosecutor's hat was white and he had white trowsers—they passed me and went into a house not far from where I was—I saw the prisoner and another female come out of the house in about ten minutes, and they went towards Lision-grove—a man ran after her and gave the prisoner a bonnet and shawl—he came out of No. 21, the same house as the women came out of—I heard the prosecutor halloo "Police!"and two policemen were passing—I am sure the prisoner is the woman—I knew her by sight, but never spoke to her.





WILLIAM SHRUB
 (police-constable D 95.) I received information that the prisoner was wanted on this charge—I took her in the New-road—I told her what she was charged with—she said she was not there—I told her she must go to the station—she said she would go—I said she bad been out of the way for three days—she said yes, she had been laid up with the rheumatism.





ABRAHAM JACOCKS
 (police-constable D 81.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 23rd of October, 1843, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. How many trials have you been at since? A. Perhaps a dozen—the prisoner has been seven or eight times in custody since then for stealing, principally of men she has been with—on two occasions the prosecutors would not appear.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
