



1040. 




ANN CONNELL
 was indicted

for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



James Collins, on the 
31st of March, and stabbing and wounding him in and upon the left side of the face and left cheek, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.






JAMES COLLINS
. I am a milkman, and live in Brownlow-mews, Grays Inn-lane. On Wednesday night, the 31st of March, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was in Drury-lane—the prisoner and another came up

and asked me to treat them with a drop of gin—we went into a public-house, and called for a quartern of gin, which I paid for—the prisoner asked me to take a walk home with her, and took me to King-street, Drury-lane—I went up stairs with her, into the second-floor room—she said it was her own room—I did not agree to give her any thing—she locked the door, locked me in, and requested me to stop the whole night, and give her half-a-crown—I gave her 6d., and objected to give her half-a-crown—she said I should not go out of the room till I had given her half-a-crown—I demanded her to open the door, and let me out—she swore I should not go out till I had given her half-a-crown, using very bad language—the then drew a knife, and said, "You b—, you shall not go out of the room till you give me half-a-crown; and with this knife I will let your b—entrails out"—she then made three or four fences with the knife to-wards my stomach and body, but I kept her off—I pushed her away from me, and went and threw up the window and called the police (this was before twelve o'clock) in returning from the window, she jobbed the knife into my face, but how I could not see—I was not aware that she was coming to me again—it was purposely done—it was a very bad cut in my left cheek bone—I bled a good deal—she immediately turned up the table, tore off the leg of it, and beat me severely about the arm and head, and wherever she could—I saw a policeman come up to the window, I called him, and she opened the door as he was coming up stairs—I then went with the policeman to Bow-street, and then to the public-house, and got my face washed and dressed—I have had no surgeon to it—it is not well yet.

Prisoner. I met him in Long-acre, instead of Drury-lane—he stabbed himself, in felling on it as he got out of bed—he refused to give me any money, and broke several things in my place; and said, if I did not let him out, he would break every thing—I never had the knife at all. Wit-ness. On my oath she had—I never got into the bed, nor yet on it.





EMANUEL FELSTEAD
 (police-constable F 80.) I was on duty in King-street, Drury-lane, between eleven and twelve o'clock, on the 81st of March—I heard an alarm of "Police," and went to No. 12, King-street—I looked up, and saw a man looking out, bleeding very much from the face—I immediately went up stairs—I heard the door unlocked as I went op, and as I entered the room I saw the prisoner throw the knife out of her hand on the table—the prosecutor was standing in the middle of the room—I saw him pull the leg of the table out of her hand, as I entered the room—he was bleeding very much from the face, and said she had stabbed him with the knife—there was blood on the knife and table-leg—they were both quite wet at the time—the prosecutor was sober.

Prisoners Defence. I did not touch him with the knife; he struck and kicked me several times in the bed, and said he would choak me if * * *—he then said he would see me d—d before he would give me any money.

James Collins. I did not strike or kick her at all.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

