




2058. 




BENJAMIN LAMPERT
 and 




ROBERT GREENEY
 were indicted for

 assaulting 




Henry Clements, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person 8 pence, his money; and 32 half-crowns, 80 shillings, 42 sixpences, and 9 groats, the monies of 



Joseph Levy, and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to said Henry Clements.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.







HENRY CLEMENTS
. I am seventeen years old, and live at Deptford. lam in the employ of Joseph Levy, as assistant collector of tolls at the Stamford-bridge-gate, in the Fulham-road—on Wednesday evening, the 7th of Oct., about six o'clock, I received from William Gulliver, the toll collector there, two parcels of money, wrapped in brown paper—I was to take them to the Kensington-gate, and give them into the hands of Mr. Levy—I was in the habit of going there with the money—on my way there I had occasion to come into the Gloucester-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Kensington—when I got there, between six and seven o'clock, the prisoner Lampert passed me—(I had seen him a few day's previously,) when he got a few yards ahead of we he looked round and looked in my face—when I got 300 or 400 yards further into the cross road leading to Fulham (I was walking in the middle of the road) the prisoner Greeney stepped out of the side of the hedge and murmured

something—as I did not understand him I stayed to hear, and then he and four others rushed on me—Lam pert was one—they forced me to the ground—two took hold of me by the throat, another covered my eyes with his hands—I had the money in my outer coat pocket—they began rifling my pockets—this lasted a few minutes—they kicked me on the head, or hit me with a stick, I will not be certain which—it was a violent blow, and made a large swelling on my head—there was blood on my ears from a kick or hit—that was while they were taking my money—they all ran away—I hardly knew for a minute or two where I was, but on recovering I got up, put my hand to my pocket, and found my pocket was cut out, and the money gone—I went on, met Sparks the constable, and told him what had happened—I returned to Kensington and told Gulliver, and then went to Mr. Levy—I had seen Lam pert two or three days before when I was on the Honey-lane bar, Fulham-road—he came there one day and said to me, "Halloa!"—I said, "Halloa!" he said, "Who is down at the other gate?"—I told him, thinking him to be one of the other turnpike men, but I did not know him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. All this did not take many minutes? A. Not very long—there was a hedge on both sides of the road-there were houses about 100 yards off—my eyes were covered nearly all the time they had hold of me—I had never seen Greeney before—I was taken to the station to see whether I could identify Greeney—the door of the cell was open—I looked at him, and said he was not the man, but he was not brought out of the cell—I have not heard of the money since—I do not know how much there was.

Lampert. I never asked you a question in my life, for I never knew you; I have been on the gates three years myself, and know better than you about the money. Witness. You did.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You never bad a-doubt of Lampert? A. No—I first saw Greeney after this took place, at the police-station, between eleven and twelve o'clock in a cell—I will not be certain whether it was light or dark—I said then I thought he was not one, but when he was brought out to be taken to Hammersmith I said to the policeman I was sure he was one who came into the road—seeing him at this bar I have not the least doubt of him.





WILLIAM GULLIVER
. I am collector at the Stamford-bridge-gate for Mr. Levy. I sent Clements to take the two parcels of money to Mr. Levy at the Kensington-gate—that is usually done on the Wednesday evenings—one packet consisted of 6l. 10s. in silver, which I had collected myself—it was wrapped in brown paper—the other parcel I received from the conductor of an omnibus—it was sent to me on Tuesday by Pitt, the collector at the East-lane-gate, and was wrapped in brown paper—it was my habit to send the boy with the money—it was in similar paper to this—(looking at a piece)—it was this colour—I saw Clements after he came back—he had blood about his face and on his person, and seemed much exhausted—he told me what had happened.

Cross-examined. Q. To whom does the money belong? A. To Mr. Joseph Levy—this paper would not contain all the money.





JOHN PITT
. I am collector of toils for Mr. Levy. On Tuesday, the 6th of Oct., I packed up 2l. 14s. in silver in brown paper, and delivered it to the omnibus man to carry to the next gate, which Gulliver had charge of—it was in such a piece of paper as that produced—it was similar paper.





CHARLES WAYT
. I live at Little Chelsea. On Wednesday evening, the 7th of Oct., a little before five o'clock, I was in my father's shop right opposite the Goat-in-Boots, Fulham—I saw five persons standing at the corner—I took particular notice of them, having suspected the prisoners were two of I am certain—I called my father's attention to them—he noticed them

as well as me—it was a quarter before five o'clock—they all five went towards the Stamford-bridge-gate, Fulham-road.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen them before? A. Yes, often, and knew their persons—I knew Lampert well—he lived about there—Stamfordbridge is about a quarter of a mile from the Goat-in-Boots.

Lampert. It was Tuesday night that you saw me, and not Wednesday Witness. It was on the Wednesday—you had a velveteen coat and cap, and corduroy trowsers—I know it was Wednesday, because on the Thursday I saw Mr. Clements, who told me of this—there were four of them at first, and one of them fetched you out—it did not rain while you stood there—it had previously, and did afterwards—three of you went towards Stamford-bridge on one side, and two on the other—I watched you as far as I could see—it is not half a mile to Stamford-bridge.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You knew Lampert longer and better than Greeney? A. Yes, but looking at Greeney I have not the slightest doubt he was one of the five.





CHARLES WAYT
, Sen. I am the father of the last witness. On Wednesday evening, the 7th of Oct., about a quarter to five o'clock, my son called my attention to five young men opposite our shop, at the corner of the Goat-in-Boots—I looked at them, so as to enable me to know them again—the prisoners were two of them—after they had been there a short time they went in a direction towards Stamford villas—the prisoner in the velveteen coat went first—two others followed him, and two crossed the opposite road—I went away.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you give information? A. The police came on Saturday—on Thursday, my son going his rounds, heard from Levy's foreman what had happened, and gave information.

Lampert. Q. How do you know it was Wednesday? A. It was Wednesday my son fetched me out to notice you, knowing you about the neigh-bourhood, and on the Thursday my son brought me word of the robbery, and that you were one of them—I knew it was the day before—you had on a velveteen coat and cap to the best of my recollection—I did not notice your trowsers—they all had caps, but changed their dress, I believe, after being in custody—I saw you do nothing, and know no harm of you—I did not watch you up the Fulham-road—I stood at my door, and saw you go up the road.





LUKE SPARKS
 (police-constable T 67.) On Wednesday evening, the 7th of Oct., about twenty minutes after six o'clock, I was in the Gloucester-road, Kensington—I met five young men in caps, most of them in light clothes—they were going in a direction towards the Kensington-gate—the Gloucester-road crosses between Kensington and Fulham—people coming from Stamfordbridge towards Kensington might come down the Gloucester-road—about five minutes after I met them I heard a cry of "Police," further on towards Kensington—I had not gone more than 200 yards—I ran up to the spot as fast as I could, and met young Clements crying and very much exhausted—one of his ears was covered with blood, and there was a lump on the top of his head almost as big as an egg—he complained that he had been robbed—I went in search of the prisoners in consequence of what he stated, but could not find them that night—on Sunday, the 18th, Greeney was brought to the station—I searched, and found this brown paper, which has been produced, in his pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find anything else? A. A small key, a knife, and a small lock—you are further from Kensington at Stamford-bridge than at the Goat-in-Boots—I was on duty—I noticed all the people I met as well as I could—I am not prepared to swear to the prisoners.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were they about the same size? A. Yes, four were about the same size andone rather taller.


Lampert. When you were brought to look at us and two others, you identified two who have been discharged, and said you had never seen us. Witness. I identified two I had seen in Gloucester-road, and they were discharged by the Magistrate—there was no evidence of their having done anything I did not say I had never seen the prisoners.





THOMAS BRADSHAW
 (police-constable T 130.) On Friday, the 9th of Oct., I took Lampert into custody in Strutton-ground, Westminster—I knew him before.

Cross-examined. Q. Who took Greeney? A. The man who took him is not here.

Lamperi's Defence. I was not there at all; the prosecutor said afterwards he did not think it was me, he thought I was three or four hundred yards away when the robbery was done.





FREDERICK LANGDON
 (police-sergeant.) I produce a certificate of Greeney's former conviction—(read—Convicted Feb., 1845, confined three months)—he is the person, convicted by the name of Green.

LAMPERT—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

GREENEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Justice Erle.

