



3103. 




THOMAS GRANT
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking into the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Hackett, about twelve in the night of the 
9th of April, at 

St. John Southwark, and stealing therein, 24 shirts, value 2l. 8s.; and 10 pairs of trowsers, 7l., her property; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH HACKETT
. I am single, and live in Thornton-street, Dockhead, in the parish of St. John, Horsley down. On Saturday night, the 10th of April, I went to bed at ten o'clock, leaving the shop quite safe—I awoke just before twelve, looked out of window, and saw the door, as I thought, safe—I saw two women standing on the side facing my shop—I heard a noise, but saw nothing, and went to bed again—I got up at seven, found the fanlight broken, and missed twenty-four shirts, and seven pairs of trowsers—I know these eleven shirts to be mine, and part of what I missed.





GEORGE GALE
. I live in Brewer Vcourt, Horsleydown, and sell ginger-beer. I came out about four o'clock in the morning of the 10th of April, and observed the prisoner and four others come by my stand from towards the prosecutrix's shop—I am certain the prisoner was one—I asked if they wanted any coffee—they went on about twenty yards, stopped, and talked together—they then came towards my stand again, and one of them, who has since been convicted, took a cane off my stand—I told him to put it down—he would not—the prisoner came back and told him to put it down, or they should get blown, or some such word—they then went on to the bottom of the street into New-street—I saw them again at the end of a court facing the prosecutrix's shop—they staid there some time, as if talking to somebody, then went down the court again, and three of them came up the street—the prisoner was one—two females stopped down the street under the lamp—the men stopped by the prosecutrix's shop—two of them went down the court, and came back, then the prisoner went down and came back—the two men crossed the road, and went down the other side of the way, the prisoner kept on this side, and I lost sight of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You are not very certain "blown" was the word he used? A. No—they only passed me twice—they came up towards me three or four times—they were together—I saw the females down at the bottom of the street—that might be 200 yards from me—the three men were then together, close against the house—they were at one time all five together—both the other men were taller than the prisoner, and one was taller than the other—one of them spoke to me as they passed—I cannot say which—I saw the other two very soon after—the first time I saw the prisoner afterwards was before the Magistrate, on the 2nd of Oct.—I cannot say it was not the prisoner that spoke to me—I was at the corner of the street, just against the curb—it is a broad street—the five did not pass abreast, they were close together—two or three walked side by side—the men were before the women—they crossed over—their sides were to me—I saw their backs and front—I have sold coffee in the street about two years, and ginger-beer also—I am not able to do anything else.





THOMAS TURVEY
 (police-constable N 196.) On the 10th of April, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was going on duty, and saw the prisoner, two other men, and two women, all in company together—I knew them all before—the two women had bundles in their aprons—I took the bundles from them—they contained the articles produced.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you first see them? A. Crossing Redcross-street—I met them—three men walked in front, and the women behind them—the moment I stopped the women, the three men ran away—I went to get assistance, and followed them a considerable distance before I stopped them—I took the women, because they had the bundles—when I met them I

went about twenty yards, met my sergeant, and then went after them—I saw the prisoner in custody on the 30th of June and the 1st of July, and am positive he is the man—I had known him well for a considerable time.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

