



1024. 




HENRY WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of March, 2 breast-pins and chain, value 10s.; the goods of 



Leonard Hill, Gent, from his person.






LEONARD HILL, GENT
. I live at St. Andrew's-hill. On the 20th of March I was in the Post-office—I had two pins and a chain in my stock—after putting a letter into the Post-office, I missed my pins—these now produced are them, and what I lost—I had them safe immediately before going into the Post-office.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you know you had them? A. I happened to look, on buttoning my coat, and saw I had them in my handkerchief—I put a letter into the General Post-office, and then had to put one into the Twopenny Post—and turning round, I found I had lost my pins—I turned round to see if I could see a person in the office, and the officer said, "Have you lost any thing?"—I should think a quarter of an hour transpired before it was found—there were not persons searching about—no one knew I lost them but the officer—I did not speak aloud to the officer—there were a great many persons about just before six o'clock—the officer was not in a police dress—there were persons there, but not standing by—I cannot swear that they did not hear me.






ROBERT TYRRELL
. I was on duty about six o'clock that evening—I saw the prisoner with this letter in his hand—it was sealed then, and has been opened since by the Alderman—he was reaching with it over the prosecutor's shoulder—knowing him, I kept my eye on him—he pressed very hard, and returned without putting the letter in—he went to another window—the prosecutor turned and said, "I have lost my pin"—I said, "Keep your eye on me"—the clock struck—the prisoner was then going away—I stopped him and said, "What have you got about you?"—he said "Nothing"—I searched, and in his pocket I found this pocketbook and this pin, loose—I asked where he got it—he said, "It is my own, I bought it at Manchester three months ago, and gave 14s. for it"—the prosecutor saw me pull it out—he said instantly, "It is my pin."

Cross-examined. Q. How far was he from the prosecutor when he was going away? A. About four yards, I think—when the gentleman turned it was two minutes to six o'clock, and it was about two minutes after six that I took the prisoner.
(Alfred Johnson, carpenter and joiner, King-street, Snow-hill; and Wells, carpenter, White Horse-alley; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
