




1873. 




ANN WRIGHT
 and 




MARY JONES
 were indicted for

 stealing, 1 watch, value 5l., the goods of 



Francis Thomas Gillman, from his person.






FRANCIS THOMAS GILLMAN
. I live in Yeoman-terrace, Brompton. Between one and two o'clock in the morning, on the 5th of Sept, I was returning home by Piccadilly, and met the prisoners at Hyde Park Corner—they were near each other—Wright accosted me, and asked where I was going—I said, "Home"—she wished me to go with her—I told her I should not—she put her hands on two posts which I had to go through, and said I should not go through—in about a second I felt something cut round my neck—I felt, and missed my watch from my right-hand waistcoat pocket—it had been attached with a swivel to a silver guard-chain

which was round my neck—the watch was gone, and the chain left hanging—when I put my hand into my pocket Wright ran off, and I pursued her—Jones was standing about two yards, or not quite so much, from Wright, and Wright spoke to her, but I cannot tell what the said—Wright had before said it was all right, and her friend would watch, if I would go with her, which I told her I would not—that was previous to my losing my watch—when I had lost it, Wright ran along Piccadilly, but she did not go above two yards before I caught her by the clothes—she gave the watch to Jones, who threw it over the enclosure, and a man went in for it—I took Jones, and called for the policeman, who took Wright—my watch was taken from the guard—this now produced is it.

Wright. He came up to me and said I had taken his watch; he was rather the worse for liquor; I said I bad not; I did not make any attempt to run away; he had been down Constitution-bill—there were three or four persons about, and two boys there, at the time.





FREDERICK HUNTLY
 (police-constable F 119.) I heard a cry of "Police," and ran up, and saw the prosecutor have hold of Jones—he told me to go and catch Wright, for they had robbed him of his watch—I took Wright—she said she was innocent—I saw the watch lying on the ground—I told a man to get over the railing and get it—I did not get up in time to see it thrown over—the prosecutor appeared quite sober.

Wright. No, he was not; he had not bold of me; I could hare run away before the policeman came.

Wright's Defence (written.) I was standing by Hyde Park Corner about two o'clock in the morning; there were three or four more women standing by at the same time, and two boys: they were strangers to me; Mr. Gillman passed by, and I think he was rather intoxicated: he had been down Constitution-hill with a woman before he came up to me; he immediately laid hold of me, and said, "You have robbed me;" I instantly looked at him, and asked his meaning; he ran after Jones, and asked her if she had his watch; she said the same as I did, that she was quite willing to satisfy him she was innocent; I did not attempt to ran away; I walked up instantly, as I have stated before; there were other females present besides me; it was found in the lodge garden by Hyde Park Corner; a cabman picked it up; how am I to tell, gentlemen, who threw it there? how can they swear to me more than to the others that stood by at the time?

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.


JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—



Confined One Year.

