






447. 



JOHN BRADY,



 MICHAEL DONOVEN
, and 




JOHN MAHONEY
, were indicted for

sealing 1 firkin, value 6d.:and 701bs. Weight of butter, value 3l. the goods of 



Andrew Smith: and 




AARON PAINE



, for feloniously receiving the same, well-knowing it to have been stolen.






WILLIAM SHIPP OSBORNE.
 I am a provision-dealer, and live at No.11

George's-place, White-street, Borough. On the 23rd of Dec. I gave Andrew Smith, a town carman, instructions to get some firkins of butter for me, which were lying at Carpenter Smith's-wharf—they were marked "F," and numbered—I can tell the number of each firkin by reference—I cannot tell form memory—I have the invoice—I have not compared it with the numbers on the firkin—I expected to receive, in consequence of this invoice, forty-nine firkins of particular numbers—I have seen a firkin of butter marked with the letter "F, No.110"—I know that to be one of the firkins I was entitled to receive—I know it by the mark, and that number was included in the firkins I bought—I know it by the weight and the tare—in buying butter, we buy them of a particular mark—the marks vary, and we have them in regular numbers, the weight of each, and the tare, is in the invoice—almost every firkin is different in weight, two or three pounds different—the weight is always described on the side—this firkin exactly corresponds with a firkin I ought to have received, according to the invoice—I had paid for the butter—the invoice was furnished by the persons I bought the butter of—they are not here.





JOSEPH BECK.
 I am in the employ of Andrew Smith, a town carman, who lives in the Maze, in Tooley-street. I received orders from my master to remove forty-nine firkins of butter from the wharf of Carpenter Smith, at the bottom of Mill-lane, Tooley-street, Borough—I went there, and received forty-nine firkins, marked "F" on the head—I Stowed them in my wagon—they were inclosed by the ends and sides of the wagon, so as not to roll or tumble out—there was nothing over them—I had two horses to the wagon—I went on foot, driving the horses—there was a stoppage in Mill-lane in going up to Tooley-street—when I went on again I missed a firkin from the off-side of the wagon—I noticed a vacancy in the wagon when I had got about 100 yards—the firkin is here—I cannot swear to it—it is marked the same as all the others were which were in the wagon—I had a list on the on the order—it was marked by numbers—I left that at Carpenter Smith's-wharf—I had a wharf note given me, which I gave to Mr. Osborne—this is it—when they gave me they had got the marks and numbers according to this note—this note—this will correctly of the firkins I had—(read)—"Mr. William Osborne, Please to receive 49 firkins of butter, F 92/135 186/190 Smith wick, ex Queen Victoria, from Carpenter Smith's-wharf, Dec.23, 1846."





WILLIAM COLLINS.
 I am a mast and block-maker—I live at No.7, New Week-street—I have a shop in the arch No.6 of the Railway. I know the prisoner Donovan—I saw him in company with a young man, carrying what appeared to be a firkin of butter, about twenty minutes past four o'clock in the afternoon of the 23rd of Dec.—I was about going in to my tea—I was standing at my door, and they passed me—I could not recognize the party carrying the butter, but Donovan was before him—they went on to the arch No.12—I saw them go in there—they came out, and I lost sight of them—they had come in a direction from the Maze, leading to Bermondsey-street—gave information to the police.





JOSEPH BACK

re-examined. Q. What time did your wagon stop? A. It might be about five minutes past four o'clock—the place which the witness has described many be about 200 yards from where the wagon stopped.

Donovan. The witness said I came from Foot's-folley.





WILLIAM COLLINS

re-examined. Foot's-folly is nearly opposite my arch—you were within eighteen inches of me—I could have taken the cask off the man's shoulder if I had been authorized to do so.






THOMAS MARSHALL.
 I am a dealer in building materials, and live in East-street, Kennington-cross. On the 23rd of Dec. I was in Bermondsey-street—I know the prisoner Paine's shop—it is in Bermondsey-street, right opposite an alley—I saw Brady, Mahoney and two other persons—Mahoney was carrying what I supposed to be a firkin of butter—it was partly covered with an old bag—Brady, had nothing in his hand—he and the persons who carried the butter, and another one, went into Paine's shop—I could not discern who the third one was—I went to look for a constable—I met one, and we went to Paine's shop together—Paine was standing against the counter, talking to another man—Brady was in the shop—the officer said he came to look for a stolen firkin of butter—Paine pointed it out, and said, "There it is"—it was in a bag, but the head was open—I pointed out Brady, and the officer took him into custody.

Brady. I was in the shop, and this gentleman said "I gave him in charge for stealing some chains;" some one brought the butter in and left it there, and this gentleman said "I give him in charge, as a person concerned;" he said "I gave him seven days three weeks ago."

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Did you give him in charge for chains? A. No—I made a remark, "He is one of the boys who took some chains away"—I did not see him take them—they were not taken on my charge—there were there of them had seven days—whether he was one, I cannot tell.

COURT.
Q. Did you see him with the person who was carrying the butter? A. He was with him—he might only have been walking in the street, but he went into the shop, and remained there—the others went away.

Mahoney. Q. Where did you first see me? A. When you came out of the court—I saw you cross the road, and go into Paine's shop—I never said that I and Mr. Collins were speaking at the door—I gave the policeman a description of you at the station.

Mahoney. He said I had a white fustian jacket on, and the jacket I have on now is the only jacket I have.





SAMUEL BOULTER
 (police-constable M 116.) On the 23rd of Dec., between four and five o'clock, in consequence of information from Colins Marshall, I went with Marshall to Paine's shop—Paine was speaking to a man inside the shop—I said I had come about a firkin of butter that had been stolen—Paine said two parties brought it in on their shoulder, put it down, and went away directly—this is the firkin—it was in a sort of bag, six or seven feet in the shop, in the front part of it—Marshall pointed out Brady to me—I took him—he denied it, and told me at the station that he went in to get change for sixpence—he had nothing at all about him.

Brady. He did not search my waistcoat-pocket—I had 1s. 6d. about me—I said I wanted to change 6d. worth of halfpence for a silver sixpence—after I sold him some bones, I said, "Will you give me a silver sixpence for 6d. worth of halfpence?





JOHN MENHINICK
 (police-constable M 20.) I produce a firkin, No. 110—I took it out of Paine's shop—Paine said it was one that had been left there.





THOMAS WATKINS
 (police-sergeant M 18.) I took Donovan into custody in Bermondsey-street—I told him I charged him with stealing a tub of butter—he asked me when—I said that afternoon—he said he could bring a person to prove different to that—he was dressed as he is now, and had a straw hat on—he had been described to me by Menhinick.





JOHN MENHINICK

re-examined. He had been described to me by Sims.





JOHN SIMS
 (police-constable M 164.) I know the prisoners Donovan Mahoney, and Brady—I saw them together about four o'clock, or a few minutes after four, on the afternoon of the 23rd of Dec.—they were standing by Bull-court,

leading to Mill-lane—I desired them to move—they went in the direction of Mill-lane—I apprehended Mahoney on the Thursday, the day afterwards—he had a blue jacket on, and he had the same on on the Wednesday afternoon at four o'clock—I told him what I spoke to him for—he said he knew nothing about the better, but that when I spoke to him on the Wednesday, he left the neighbourhood, and went over the water to Rosemary-lane, hearing that his father was dead—none of the witnesses had described his dress to me—I had not seen them—I saw Menhinick at the police-office on the 24th—he described him to me as in a blue jacket, not in a white jacket.

Mahoney. Menhinick said I had a white jacket, and Sims said I had a white jacket on when he moved me away from Bull-court—he told the Magistrate that I had disguised my dress, that the day before I had a white jacket on, Witness. No, I told the Magistrate he disguised himself by buttoning his jacket up close to his chin, and his collar partly disguised him.

Mahoney. He told the Magistrate I had a white jacket on, and he ordered me away from the court; and the next day when he caught me by the wrist, he said, "Ah, you have got another jacket on!"

Donovan. Q. Did you not come by Bull-court with a sailor with a bundle in your hand, at three o'clock? A. Yes.

Donovan. You went from there to Morgan's-lane, to the George—you stopped there an hour, and you came out, and said to me, "Go on"—you made a kick at me, and with the force of it you fell back into the pawnbroker' shop—you were quite slupified; you had been drinking rum and water, and a small bit of sugar in it—you came back without the sailor or the bundle. Witness. I was not in the public-house the whole day.
(


A verdict of Not Guilty was here taken for the prisoner Paine.
)

Mahoney. I had one witness at the office who would have cleared me, but he was never before a magistrate before, and he was quite in a flurry, and the police kept shoving him about, and frightened him; the evidence given against me is quite false; I am innocent.





THOMAS WATKINS

re-examined. There was a witness before the Magistrate, but he stated it was past five o'clock when he entered the public-house.

Mahoney. He said he came in at three o'clock, and we were there an hour before we went up stairs to play at bagatelle; we were there till five.

Brady. I know nothing at all about it; I had a shilling and six pennyworth of halfpence; I got one shilling for the bones; I wanted another penny, and he would not give it me.





FREDERICK CAMBLE.
 I am a paper-agent—I was in Paine's shop—I saw Brady come in—I saw a bag brought in containing something which appeared to be the butter—it was brought in by a stout lad—I could not undertake to say who it was.

Brady. This witness was there when I sold the bones. Witness. He did so—they were bones for which he received a shilling—I think I heard him say, "Give me sixpence for six pennyworth of halfpence?"—I never recollect seeing Brady before—I might have seen him.





AARON PAINE
, examined by Brady. Q. Did I bring any bones in your house? A. Yes, 23 lbs., for which I paid him a shilling—the butter was brought in about two minutes previous to that—Brady wanted one penny more for the bones—I told him I could not give it him—he asked me for a sixpence for six pennyworth of coppers—I saw he had six penny worth of oppers in his hand.

BRADY—


NOT GUILTY.


DONOVAN—


GUILTY.** Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MAHONEY—


GUILTY. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.

