



885. 




THOMAS NEWMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of February, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 




Jeremiah Carter, from his person.







JEREMIAH CARTER
. I am a warehouseman, and live in Coleman-street, On Wednesday afternoon, the 23rd of February, I was in Great Queen, street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, under the portico at the end of the street—I felt a lift at my pocket—I immediately clapped my hand upon it, turned round, and caught hold of the prisoner with my handkerchief in his hand—he did not try to get away—he said he did not take it—another boy was on his left, close behind me, and I seized him too—I was immediately surrounded by a number apparently of the same class—I dragged the prisoner on towards Lincoln's Inn-fields, but could not find any officer—a gentleman allowed me to take him into a house, and he got an officer, who came and took him—I had used my handkerchief a short time before—I am quite certain it was in the prisoner's hand—I saw it quite distinctly.

Prisoner. I did not take it.





HENRY NEWMAN
 (police-constable F 8.) The prisoner was given into my custody—I produce the handkerchief.

MR. CARTER
re-examined. This is it—my initials are upon it—he said at the time he was not the boy who took it—in consequence of that I laid hold of the other, and a crowd of boys immediately gathered round.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going through the archway, and saw two persons at the back of the gentleman, they tried to put something into my hand; I did not know what it was, he turned round, and laid hold of me, accused me of picking his pocket, which I denied; he took me a hundred yards and odd from the place, a gentleman came by and gave him the handkerchief, and said he picked it up in the dirt; I never had it in my hand; I had my hand in my pocket at the time.

MR. CARTER
re-examined Immediately I turned round he had the handkerchief just by his side quite open—he had not time to get it away before I turned round and caught him—I cannot swear who took it out of my pocket—there was another very near him.

Prisoner. There were two more boys there—I turned back—he turned round, and I was at the side of him, when he laid hold of me—I had no handkerchief in my hand at the time, or else he would have taken it from me. Witness. I had two to take charge of, and he threw the handkerchief down—another person came forwards and brought it me—I did not see the prisoner drop it, but I saw it in his hand.

Prisoner. He did not have hold of any body, at the time he had hold of me.




GUILTY
,† Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.'—Recommended to be imprisoned in the Boys' Ship for One Year.


