



1856. 




THOMAS GODFREY
 was indicted

 for obtaining goods by false pretences.






HENRY BLACKLIN
. I am warehouseman to James Coster and another, of Fountain-court, Aldermanbury. The prisoner came there on the 13th of June—he did not come to me in the first instance, but some goods were brought down to our entry-room for me to give to him—I asked him who they were for—he said, "For Clark and Musson, of Islington"—they deal with us—I delivered the goods to him—this was on the 13th—on the 17th he came again, and I delivered to him some ducape handkerchiefs—I said, "Who are the goods for?"—he said, "Clark and Musson"—he came again on the 22nd, and I got into an omnibus with him, intending to go to Clark and Musson, but on the way he said, "I am guilty, it is no use going any further"—I gave him in charge at the post-office—I had told him in the warehouse that I would go with him to Clark and Musson.






THOMAS BEALE
. I am warehouseman to Mr. Coster and another. On the 13th of June the prisoner came to me, and asked for a piece of sateen for Mr. Clark, of Islington, a draper—we deal with him—I should not have let the prisoner had it if he had not said he came from there—he selected a piece of satteen, followed me down to the entry-room, and I delivered it to Mr. Blacklin—I should not have done so if the prisoner had not said he came from Mr. Clark, of Islington.

Prisoner, Q. Can you swear that you gave the satteen to Mr. Blacklin to enter? A. I put it on the counter, and handed it over to him.





HAENRY BLACKLIN

re-examined, I received the piece of satteen in the room—I do not recollect whether I received it out of his hands—it was on the counter, and I packed it up.





SAMUEL CLARK
. I live at Islington, and have one partner. I did not authorize the prisoner, on the 13th of June, to go for this satteen—he was living with me eight months ago.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
