



538. 




ANN BROWN
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 22nd of December, at Lambeth, 1 neck-chain, value 3l. 8 brooches, value 5l.; 4 rings, value 4l.; 1 necklace, value 10s.; 1 gown; value 10s.; 1 petticoat, value 20s; 1 cap, value 5s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 18s; 3 shawls, value 2l. 3 frocks, value 2l. 5 gown-skirts, value 12s.; 4 collars, value 10s. 3 pairs of stockings, value 6s. 3 shifts, value 20s.; 1 bonnet, value 20s. 1 pair of shoes, value 2s.; 1 bedgown Value 2s.; 1 cloak, value 5s; and 7 sovereigns, the property of 



James Holder, her master, in his dwellinghouse, and that she had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





CLARISSA HOLDER.
I am the wife of John Holder, and live in Bartholomew-terrace, Camberwell, in the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth. The prisoner was in our service from the 10th of December, till Sunday the 22nd—we left home about half-past ten o'clock that morning to go to church leaving her in charge of the house—I placed a bunch of keys in a chest of drawers, which I locked—there is a small drawer in that chest, in which I kept my trinkets—I locked that drawer, and put the key in a looking-glass drawer, which was not locked—Mr. Holder and my daughter accompanied me to church—we returned about one o'clock—the servant who drove us from church knocked at the door, but we could not obtain admission—the man servant got over the garden wall, got in at the back door, and let us in—I went into my bed-room, found the drawer open, and the trinkets taken out—I missed the articles stated, which are worth from 30l. to 40l.—I had left no other servant in the house.

Prisoner. Q. Were not your keys on the drawers? A. No, in the drawer.





SUSAN BELMORE.
I live opposite the prosecutor's house. I was at

home on Sunday morning, the 22nd of December, between twelve and one o'clock, and saw the prisoner come out of the front-door of the house, with a large bundle and a hat-box.





GEORGE FREDERICK LAMBERT.
I am in the service of Mr. Burgess, a pawnbroker, in Long Acre. On Monday, the 23rd of December, about eleven o'clock, the prisoner came and offered a gold chain, two brooches, and two rings in pledge—I asked her whose property they were—she selected a fine gold neck-chain and a lady's chain, and said that was the property of her husband—that excited my suspicion—I detained her for an hour—the policeman then came round with a description of the property, and I gave her in charge, finding the articles were named in the list he produced.





WILLIAM HOLDER.
I am a policeman. On Monday morning, the 23rd of December, in consequence of information, I went to the pawnbroker's, and among others to Mr. Burgess, and produced a list of the articles stolen—I found the prisoner in the shop, and took her into custody.





THOMAS POCOCK.
I am a police-sergeant. I went to Mrs. Cornish's, in Bedfordbury, and found some articles of wearing apparel, which I produce—they correspond with the articles in the list.





FRANCES CORNISH.
I am a laundress, and live in Bedfordbury. On Sunday afternoon, the 22nd of December, the prisoner came to me to ask for a lodging for the night, saying she had just arrived from Norfolk—she was to sleep with me—she went away and brought some bundles, and on Monday morning she gave me some linen to wash—I was doing it when the policeman came, and he took away the bundle which she brought.





ANN CLARK.
I am employed at Bow-street to search female prisoners—I searched the prisoner, and found a diamond ring, and an emerald ring in her pocket, also four sovereigns and eight shillings—I took from her person various articles of dress, which the prosecutrix claimed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
(James Fowler, who was bound over to prove the previous conviction, did not appear.)




GUILTYof the Felony. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years


Before Mr. Justice Erskine.
