




1051. 




BENJAMIN SKIGGS
 and 




CHARLES ROOT
 were indicted for

 stealing 398lbs weight of lead, value 3l 6s 4d, the goods of 



Benjamin Nind, being fixed on and to a certain building; and that Skiggs had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN WILLIAM MANNING
 (police-sergeant K 5.) I heard of some lead having been stolen from Mr. Nind's portico, at Leyton—I watched near Cat-Hall-lane, opposite the cage, in Harrow-green, Leyton—I saw a cart go down the lane—I watched till it returned in about a quarter of an hour—I, Benton, and Potten, went to the cart—we found the two prisoners in it—Hall had been driving it, but he got out and went to the public-house—the cart was standing opposite the public-house—this was about nine o'clock at night—I laid hold of Root by the collar with one hand, and I felt the lead with the other hand—I asked him how he came by the lead—he said he knew nothing at all of it—he made great resistance, and attempted t throw me several times after getting him out of the cart—another officer came, and we ultimately secured him—Benton took Skiggs.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. When was the lead missed? A. On the morning of 19th Feb.—we saw the cart and took the prisoners on the 6th March—Mr. Hall is a respectable man, living at Stratford, about two miles from Leyton—I saw the roof of the portico at Mr. Nind's house, where the lead had been taken from—I have stated before that Root struggled with me—I did not seize him violently—I seized him by the coat collar—I put my other hand into the cart—the lead was rolled up in the bottom of the cart—it

is what is called "run-lead"—it was dark, and I could not see into the cart—it was a common light cart, open at the top—I believe Root is a plumber and painter.





JOSEPH BENTON
 (police-constable k 381.) I was in company with Manning—I saw the cart go down the lane and come up—I went and asked Skiggs what he had got in the cart—he said did not know—I found it contained a quantity of lead—Manning was struggling with Root—Skiggs afterwards said he would not bear all the blame, there were other in it as well as himself.





WILLIAM POTTEN
 (police constable K 273.) I was with the other officers—I took the lead and compared it with the place it was cut from—in my opinion It matches—there are marks on some of the lead which is left, which correspond with this—we have brought some of it here to compare it.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the whole of the lead off the top of the portico when you got there? A. Yes—I do not recollect that I saw any lead on✗ the top—the lead is here that was taken from the prisoners—I received a piece from Mr. Ninds, in the presence of his coachman—the coachman cut it to bring part of it here—there was about 2cwt.—we selected a portion of what remained to bring here—I selected a portion from which it appeared to have been cut.





JOSEPH HALL.
 On the 6th March, Skiggs came to me and engaged with me to go with him, with my house and cart—I agreed to meet him at half-past eight o'clock, at the Plough and Harrow, at Leytonstone—I met him as near as I could to the time—I drove by his direction into Cat-Hall-lane—we were then joined by Root—we went down the lane and stopped there—the prisoners put the lead into the cart—I could not see the lead, it was very dark, but it laid on the side of the road—the two prisoners picked it up and put it into the cart—when we got back to the Harrow public-house, I went in to get something to drink, leaving the two prisoners in the cart—when I came out I found them in custody.

Cross-examined. Q. You are a respectable man, I suppose? A. I have always been so considered, to the best of my knowledge—I am a tradesman, and live at Stratford—this was at nine o'clock at night—when I saw the prisoners take the lead up I did not know whether it was wrong or right—I often do things at midnight—persons have met with accident, and I have been called—this lead laid by the side of the road—there is room in the lane for persons to walk, but not a regular foot-path—this was on Saturday night—I did help to take up the lead—I sat with my back towards them—I could not see what they took in—I looked at the horse, not at the lead—I follow the green-grocery business—I never saw Root before to my knowledge—I had seen Skiggs, and he hired the cart of me—I never was charged with anything—I do not know what I was to have for this job—I had not agreed for any certain price—I do not recollect that there was a place appointed to take it to.





WILLIAM HUNT.
 I am coachman to Mr. Benjamin Nind. On the morning of the 19th of February I found near upon 4 cwt. of lead had been stolen from his portico—on the 8th of March a quantity of lead was brought by the policemen—I saw them compare it with the place it came from—I have not any doubt it came from there.

Cross-examined. Q. When had you seen the lead before? A. Perhaps three or four days—the whole of the lead had not been taken—what remained on was taken down afterwards—all I swear to this lead by is, that it matches with the other lead.






JOHN WILSON.
 I am a plumber. I have seen the lead produced by the policeman, and this that my men took off the portico—I have no doubt it is the same—it is cast lead—I have been a plumber forty years.

Cross-examined. Q. How long has this portico been built? A. Perhaps fifty years—this is not such lead as is now used—mill lead is now used, which was not then invented—this is the part that was left—this other fits it exactly.





JOHN CECIL READ
 (police-constable 42 N.) I produce a certificate of Skigg's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 31st of January, 1842, and confined one year)—the prisoner is the person.

SKIGGS—


GUILTY.† Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.


ROOT—


GUILTY.† Aged 33.—



Confined One Year.

