



947. 




RACHEL TUSTIN, alias
 Anderson




, uttering counterfeit coin, after a previous conviction.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLARK
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL.
 I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the Record of Rachel Tustin's conviction at this Court—I have examined it with the original—it is correct—(read—Convicted June, 1845, and confined six Months.)





DANIEL LARTER
 (policeman, T 214.) I was present in June, 1845, when the prisoner was tried for uttering counterfeit coin.





JOHN TURNER.
 I keep a beer-shop, in Diamond-row, Camberwell. On Friday, 11th Feb., about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came there, asked for half-a-pint of beer, and paid me with what I considered to be half-a-crown—I looked at it with some attention before I decided on taking it, and compared it with another half-crown in the till, of Geo. Iv.—the one she gave, was a Victoria—I am positive there was no other half-crown in the till—I decide on taking it, and gave her 2s. 5d. change, and the left—I placed both half-crowns in the till—I was in the bar from the time I took the half-crown, until the place was closed—I went out twice during the evening, with some beer to customers—I was not away above a quarter of an hour—I left my wife and daughter in the bar—they are here—when the place was closed, I took the money out of the till, and put it into a cash-box to take it up stairs—I then found two half-crowns in it—I recognised them each as the same I had seen before, the Geo. IV., and Victoria—I had taken no other—next morning I brought the cash-box down, left it in charge of my wife, went out about nine or ten o'clock, and returned at night—I saw the Victoria half-crown again, on the Monday, in Mrs. Thorpe's possession—the prisoner came again on Wednesday—I was in the room behind the bar, and saw her—my daughter brought me a Victoria half-crown—I went into the bar, and told the prisoner it was a bad half-crown, and that she had passed me another bad obe last week—she said she did not, she was not aware this was bad, she had taken it the night before of a gentleman—I then sent my daughter, who brought Mr. Thorpe, and the other half-crown—a constable was sent for, and the prisoner was given in charge, with both the half-crowns, to Boxall, the officer—I marked them first—theses are them (produced.)

Prisoner. Neither the prosecutor, his wife, or daughter, could swear to me at the station; and at the Police-office the prosecutor said, "I am positive it is the woman." Witness. I said no such thing—I accused her of passing the former half-crown, and said it was no use to deny it, because I could fetch a person who was there at the time she passed it, and could identify her—she came out, as she was there then, and knew her directly.





SARAH ANN TURNER.
 I am the daughter of last witness. On Friday, 11th Feb., the prisoner had half-a-pint of beer at our house—I saw her lay down a half-crown in payment—I did not see where my father put it—I did

not take any half-crown that night after the prisoner had given that one—there was no one beside me and my father serving—my mother was not at home—on Wednesday, 16th, I was at the bar, and the prisoner came again—I recognised her—she asked for half-a-pint of beer, and gave me half-a-crown in payment, which I took to my father—he came back with me to the bar, and told the prisoner she was the same person that came on the Friday night—she said she never was in the house before—I then went to Mr. Thorpe's which is opposite, and in the same street, and Jame Thorpe gave me a half-crown, which I gave to my father.





HARRIET TURNER.
 I am the prosecutor's wife. On this Friday I went out with my daughter—on Saturday morning my husband gave me the cash-box, and he went out for the day—Mr. Thorpe came in the morning, and I gave him change for a sovereign from the cash-box—there were two half-crowns, one a King, and the other a Queen Victoria—Mr. Thorpe's daughter brought back a half-crown shortly after—I then perceived it was bad—she took it back to her father—it was brought back to me again—I made no mark on it—there was no money put into the cash-box on the Saturday after my husband went out, before I gave Mr. Thorpe the change.





JOHN THORPE.
 I live in Brighton-place, Camberwell. On Saturday, 12th Feb., Mrs. Turner gave me change for a sovereign—there were two half-crowns amongst it—I gave them to my daughter, Jane Sarah Thorpe.





JANE SARAH THORPE.
 On Saturday, 12th Feb., my father gave me two half-crowns, one a King, and the other a Queen—I laid the King one, out next door, and took the Queen to Mr. Hayward's, a grocer, and offered it in payment there to Mr. Martin—he rubbed it, and bent it, to see if it was good, and gave it me back—I took it to my mother, who put it into a cupboard, against the fire-place, in the parlour—I saw her take it out about half an hour after she gave it me—I took it to Mrs. Turner's and showed it to her—I then brought it back to my mother—on Wednesday, 16th Feb., Miss Turner came for me—I saw my mother take the half-crown from cupboard—she gave it to me—I gave it to Miss Turner—the cupboard was locked.





ELIZABETH THOAPE.
 I am the mother of the last witness. I recollect her going to Hayward's on 12th Feb.—she came back and gave me a half-crown—as soon as we looked at it we saw it was bad—she took it to Mrs. Turner, brought it back, and I put it into a cupboard till my husband came home—I locked the cupboard, and kept the key myself—I showed it to my husband in the evening, and he took it over to Mrs. Turner's, brought it back, and I locked it up in the cupboard again—on the following Wednesday Sarah Ann Turner came—I unlocked the cupboard, took out the half-crown, and gave it to my daughter—it had been locked up ever since the Saturday, and I had the key.





JOHN THORPE

re-examined. On Saturday evening my wife gave me a half-crown—I took it over to Mrs. Turner, and showed it to her—I then brought it back, gave it to my wife, and she put it into the cupboard.





HENRY BOXALL
 (policeman, P 101.) On 16th Feb. I was called to Mrs. Turner's, and took the prisoner—she was charged with uttering a counterfeit half-crown—she made no answer—two half-crowns were given to me, one then and the other at the station, by Mr. Turner.

J. W. TURNER
re-examined. I gave Boxall the same half-crown that I received from Thorpe, and it was the one the prisoner gave me.

MR. POWELL
re-examined. These half-crowns are both counterfeit, but of different dates.




GUILTY. Aged 36.—


Transported for Ten Years.



Before Mr. Justice Erle.

