





2633. 




WILLIAM LANE,



 ALFRED IVEY
, and 




RICHARD SIMCOE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of September, two handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 purse, value 6d., one key, value 6d.; one bag, value 1s.; 15 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence, the property of 



Richard Harris Floyd Pitt, in the dwelling-house of 



Richard Harris Floyd Pitt and others.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN PITT
. I am the wife of Richard Harris Floyd Pitt, and live in Great Smith-street, in the parish of St. John, Westminster. At a quarter to eleven o'clock in the morning, on the 26th of September, I was in the shop—I put my bag on the counter in the shop, while I went to speak to Mr. Smith in the adjoining sitting room—there was a purse in my bag, containing ten sovereigns, a small key, a shilling, also five sovereigns, a half-sovereign, and a sixpence, wrapped in paper, separate from the other—two pocket-handkerchiefs, three letters, and a memorandum book were also in the bag—I returned in three or four minutes, and the bag was missing—one handkerchief has been found—this is it—(looking at it)—I know it, because I hemmed it myself—as I was going into the shop—I saw Lane very near the shop, and Ivey two or three hundred yards from the door—this was not ten minutes from that time till I missed my bag—they might have come into the shop—Lane looked as though he was looking at my bag.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Allow me to see the handkerchief? A. This is it—there is no mark on it—it was marked exactly where I mark mine—I generally mark mine low down—there was a small piece of the mark left in it when it was first at Queen-square, but that has been lost—I know it by this rough edge where the lace was, and this hole, which corresponds with the place where I generally mark my handkerchiefs, and the quality of the lawn—I have one off the same piece here—nothing else has been found—this other handkerchief was made at the same time, and marked 12, and this one was No. 11—we only rent the shop and sitting-room in Smith-street—the other parts are let to different people—we take it by the quarter—MR. Williams, the pawnbroker, is the landlord.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is your husband here? A. No—I knew nothing of Lane before—I recognised Lane at Queen-square—he was standing in the place where they put prisoners—it was about a quarter to eleven o'clock when I went out of the shop, and left the bag—I am certain it was before eleven—I came into the shop again in a few minutes, and missed my bag.


COURT. Q. You say it was a quarter to eleven o'clock when you arrived at the shop, and a quarter before eleven when you missed your bag? A. I had no watch—when my husband went to the station-house to give notice, it wanted ten minutes to eleven by their clock, and that was a minute or two after.





JOSEPH DAVIES LEATHART
. I am a house decorator, and live in Bath-place, Bayswater. I was in Oxford-street on the 26th of September, about four o'clock in the afternoon—I saw these three prisoners together—they went from Oxford-street to Regent-street, down a short distance to Argyle-street—there was another person met them in Oxford-street—they all four stopped—I watched them sometime—Simcoe and Ivey put their hands into their pockets and seemed to offer Davies something—(I had seen them about nine in the morning)—my suppositions were that they pulled out some money, but I could not see—the other party left them—the three prisoners remained—I followed them through one or two streets—through Golden-square to the Haymarket, and there they took a cab—I pursued and stopped it at Whitehall—I called a policeman to my assistance—I ran to the left-hand door and opened it, and as I was getting in Simcoe put his hand to the right-hand side window—I took this white handkerchief from him—we drove to Gardener's-lane—we there found six sovereigns on Lane, tied up in the corner of his handkerchief, in his coat—on Simcoe 22s., and on Ives five sovereigns, one half-sovereign, 1s. 6d., a new hat, and a new silk handkerchief—all the time we were at the station-house, Simcoe begged of me a dozen times to give him this handkerchief—I said I would not—I know all the prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have they worked for you as house-decorators? A. No, in a different line—I have no shop—I have a house I belong to in Oxford-street—my private residence is at Bayswater—I follow no other business, I have 70l. a year coming in besides my business—I work for Tupper and Collins—I have been there seventeen years—I was not engaged at any thing at that time, or I would not have followed them—I was taking a walk—I am at work for my employers now at Lord Radnor's—I have preferred a bill before another Grand Jury—I never swore, when they threw out a bill, that I was an amateur in the case of Rice—he was transported for seven years on that charge—he had been convicted before—I had not known him before he came before the Judge—I prosecuted Ryland, who was with Rice, but the Grand Jury threw out the bill—he had no property on him—Rice had the property—I swore to him as being a companion—I may have been in twenty cases when I was a constable.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Upon your oath, how many times have you been a witness? A. I cannot tell—I will swear it was not fifty—it might be forty—I was constable of Han well many years—I have been in my employer's service all the time I was giving this evidence.





LAURENCE ANDERSON
 (police-constable D 35.) I was at the corner of York-street, from ten to half-past ten o'clock that morning—I saw the prisoners Lane and Simcoe with two others, one of whom I believe to be Ivey, standing together at the corner of Tothill-street, in the Broadway, three or four minutes' walk from the prosecutor's—I knew them all three.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you also know Leathart? A. Yes, I have known him by seeing him in Oxford-street, and at different police-offices—he has brought prisoners two or three times during the time

that I have been in the police—I never drank with him—I have seen him drinking with policemen, not repeatedly, not more than three times—I have not seen him at the offices more than three times—I have known him four months—I went to Tothill-street before I had a communication with Leathart—I was quite on another business.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Your beat is Marylebone? A. Yes, I was at the office on business—I was examined the second time—Leatbart was there the first day—the depositions were taken the second day.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you go to this place by information of Leathart? A. No, I saw Leathart first after that on Saturday evening, about nine o'clock, and it was Saturday morning that I was in Tothill-street—I had conversation with him at the station-house—he told me he saw Lane.





CHARLES WALKER
 (police-constable A 78.) On Saturday afternoon, the 26th of September, I was on duty at Charing-cross, about a quarter past four o'clock—Leathart came and spoke to me about the parties being in the cab—he ran and stopped it in Whitehall-place—he went on the left-hand side, I went on the right—Simcoe had a white handkerchief, and attempted to throw it outside—I got on the box, went to the station-house, and searched them—I produce the handkerchief—Simcoe said a girl named Eliza gave it to him.





ROBERT TIDBURY
. I am a hatter in Long-acre. On Saturday, the 26th of September, between one and two o'clock, I sold this hat (looking at it) to Ivey for 6s. 6d.—he gave me a sovereign or a half-sovereign—I gave him change—the prisoners were all three together in the shop.





RICHARD STONE
. I am one of the turnkeys of Tothill-street Bridewell—the prisoners have been in my custody since the 29th of September.





ANN PITT

re-examined. There might have been another person or more near the place, and I not notice it.

MR. BALLANTINE
called the following Witnesses:—





JOHN RAYMOND
. I am servant to Mr. Allison, a publican, in South Molton-street, which is a mile and a half from Smith-street, Westminster; I know Lane. On Saturday, the 26th of September, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, he came to the bar, about half-past ten—it was before eleven—he asked for a pint of porter—he only continued there half a minute—I saw him about five minutes after—he lives directly opposite in South Molton-court—I know his person well—I passed his mother's in about five minutes after I served him with beer, and he was engaged in putting out some bottles—I did not sea him again—he had no coat or waistcoat on—he was quite alone—I attended the Police Court to give evidence, and was not heard—I heard from a person who came to the house that he was charged with robbery—I saw him at half-past ten—I am barman and cellarman, and general servant—I have been there two years and a half—I never had any charge against me—I have not the least interest in the boy—he is a perfect stranger.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. How do you know the time, is there a clock in the place? A. Yes—we serve a very large shop in George-street, Hanover-square—I have to be there every morning at a quarter before eleven o'clock—I have known Lane ever since I have been there—two years and a half—before that I was in a situation at Uxbridge—I was there six months—I believe Lane has lived with his mother ever since—I have known her two years and a half.


COURT. Q. Then you mean to swear he has been residing with his mother two years and a half? A. Yes—I have been constantly in the habit of seeing him—I recollect the time, because I have to go to this large house at a quarter to eleven o'clock, and on that morning, when I came up, Mr. Allison said, "You are five minutes behind"—I went down, and put my coat on five minutes after, I saw Lane—it wanted but five minutes to eleven o'clock when I got there with my beer, and I ought to have been there at a quarter before eleven o'clock—I was there at a quarter before eleven the day before—I know that, because I go there every day a quarter before eleven—I saw the prisoner the day before at his mother's door, taking some things in, at half-past six o'clock in the evening—I perfectly recollect the 26th, because I heard in the evening that he was taken up—I heard it from some customer as I was serving in the bar—I cannot tell how they came to know it—I immediately said I felt astonished, because I saw him there at half-past ten o'clock, and drew him a pint of beer—I do not know how I came to think that half-past ten was of importance—I did not know any thing about the robbery—I heard he was in custody—I said, "For what?"





MARIA BURROWS
. I am a poor woman. My husband is a labouring-man—we live in Grosvenor-market, which is perhaps 200 yards from South Molton-street. On the 26th of September I saw Lane at a quarter or ten minutes to eleven o'clock—I am certain it was before eleven—I saw him at his mother's door—he was employed outside her shop, doing something—I do not know what—I know the time, because I took a few rags to Mrs. Lane's, and I went from there to the bacon-shop at the corner of South Molton-street, and the Court-house clock was striking eleven—I know Lane's person perfectly, and am certain it was him I saw.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. What makes you know it was eleven that struck? A. It was half-past ten when I left home—I have a clock, which I keep by St. George's Church, on account of my child going to school—I take in washing, and go out to work—I have lived there since May last.

COURT. Q. What makes you remember this day? A. It being Saturday, and I saw it in the "Dispatch" paper the Sunday week following—I was not aware that it was him—I saw his sister in the week following, and I said, I saw a case so and so, in the paper, but being at that time in the morning, I said it could not be him—I had had no communication with Mrs. Lane before that—I could not exactly tell what Lane was doing when I saw him—I think he was sorting rags, or something.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you also attend before the Magistrate? A. Yes, on every occasion—the police were aware of it—Lane's mother is very ill—she was in bed when I came away, and unable to move.





MARY OGDEN
. I am Lane's sister—I am married, and live in Grosvenor-market. On the 26th of September I was at my mother's—Lane did not leave her house till between ten and eleven o'clock—it was a little before eleven when he went.

COURT. Q. How do you come to recollect this? A. Because it was very near our lunch time—we generally have lunch about eleven o'clock and the beer was brought—I was cleaning—I do not know who fetched the beer—MRS. Burrows came in—I do not know whether she partook of any of the beer—my mother set the luncheon out in the parlour—my brother

was in his shirt-sleeves—I cannot tell what he was doing—he was there when Burrows arrived—he had been in the shop all the time from seven o'clock in the morning, till eleven—I do not think he lunched with us that day—he left very near eleven I am certain, and I saw no more of him till I heard he was in the station-house.

LANE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

IVEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

SIMCOE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.
Of Larceny only.—




Transported for Seven Years.
