



537. 




EDWARD ROBERTS
 was indicted

 for stealing, at
 St. Peter Cornhill, 3 coats, value 6l.; 1 pair of trowsers, 1l. 10s.; 1 waistcoat, 1l. 10s.; 2 handkerchiefs, 10s.; and 1 scarf, 10s.; the goods of 



Daniel Davis Haly Atkins, in the dwelling-house of 



Robert Johnson; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH FARLEY
. I am servant to Mr. Robert Johnson, of No. 68, Cornhill—it is his dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Peter, on Cornhill. I was going up stairs about ten minutes before five o'clock, on the evening of the 20th of Jan.—I saw a shadow of a young man in the bed-room on the fourth story—I knew the person to be too tall for Mr. Atkins—I said, "Is that you, Mr. Daniel?"—no one answered—I then said, "Is that you, Dan?"—the person said, "Yes," but I knew it was not the person I called for—I stood a few minutes, then ran down, and saw Mr. Atkins in the shop—I told him to keep his eye on the door, that no one went out—I told the porter to come up stairs with me, as there was a man there—he came up with me to the kitchen, which is on the second floor, and the prisoner was stooping down at the door, putting the waistcoat, scarf, and handkerchief under the table—I had seen these things safe at three that afternoon.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you see the prisoner in the kitchen? A. No, I saw no one in the kitchen—he was on the stairs, just by the kitchen door, where these things were found—that is two stories high from the house door—the house door is in Sun-court—it is a shop below—no other person lives in the house besides my master.





THOMAS WATERS
. I am porter in that house. On the 20th of Jan. I was called by Farley—I went up to the kitchen door, and saw the prisoner stooping down, trying to conceal some clothes under the table—I went to the place, and found this waistcoat, shawl, and satin scarf—they are all Mr. Atkins's, and were in Mr. Johnson's house.





DANIEL DAVIS HALY ATKINS
. I am assistant to Mr. Johnson. At half-past four o'clock on the 20th of Jan., from information I received, I kept my eye on the door, and no one went out—the prisoner was brought down—I went up to the bed-room, and these articles were gonu—my trowsers were on the bed, and the coats were removed—they had been in the drawers before, and were all taken out and removed—they art my property.


Cross-examined. Q. Is there a Mr. Edwards in the house? A. Yes—he occupies the first floor—my bed-room is on the fourth story.

MR. BALLANTINE
to
ELIZABETH FARLEY. Q. Are there not offices there? A. Yes—Mr. Edwards's—any person would have a right to go to his place—these things were brought down from the fourth floor to the second.





JOSEPH MABER
 (City police-constable, No, 513.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read Convicted 15th Sept., 1845, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

