



216. 




MARGARET DAVISON
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of Dec., 1 scarf, value 2l.; 1 shawl, 1l. 10s.; 1 ring, 7s.; 3 collars, 3s.; 2 aprons, 2s. 6d.; 1 purse, 3s. 6d.; 5 handkerchiefs, 4s.; 1 veil, 2s.; 3 neck-ties, 3s. 6d.; 1 fan, 1s. 6d.; 3 pairs of gloves, 2s.; 1 pair of mittens, 1s.; 1 pair of cuffs, 5s.; and 5 neckerchiefs, 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Collins.






ELIZABETH COLLINS
. I am single, and, reside at No. 14, in the Poultry, with my brother, who is a miniature painter. On the 3rd of Dec., about seven o'clock in the evening, on going into my chamber, I observed my drawers open, and one quite empty, from which I missed the articles stated—I had seen them safe a few hours before—I saw some of them again on Saturday the 14th.

Prisoner. I brought the scarf and shawl with me, from Newcastle, and can swear to them, for there is a grease mark on them; the things are all my own; I brought them from Newcastle with me.

Witness. The prisoner is quite a stranger to me—our street-door is kept open from nine in the morning till six in the evening—any person going up stairs would find the door of my chamber.





WILLIAM PARMENTER
. I am in the service of Mr. Cattell, a pawnbroker, in the Borough-road. On the 7th of Dec. the prisoner pledged two shawls, as they are called in the ticket—I produce them—I had never seen her before, but am sure of her.





ROBERT HOWARD
. I am in the service of Mr. Lill, a pawnbroker, in Blackman-street, Borough. On the 5th of Dec, this ring, which I produce was pledged for half-a-crown, I believe by the prisoner, but I cannot swear to her.

MISS COLLINS
re-examined. This shawl and scarf are mine—I have no particular

mark on them, but I know them—I have had the scarf three years—I have not worn it often, but I have here a piece which was taken from it because it was too long, and it just agrees with the length, colour, quality, and also the pattern of the border—it was cut from this end, and I fresh hemmed it—sewed the border on again—I have no particular mark on the shawl, but I am confident it is mine—I can swear to it by the pattern—I have had it four years.

Prisoner. They are both mine.

Witness. I can see the seam where I fresh sewed it, and the border exactly agrees with it—this is the ring I missed—it is a gold wedding. ring, which belonged to my mother—I have had it twelve years—I cannot swear to it, but it has a bend in it—it was in my possession up to the evening in question.





JOSEPH HUGGETT
 (City police-constable, No. 481.) I took the prisoner into custody, and searched her lodging, No. 9, Nag's Head-court, Clements. lane, Lombard-street, where she had been lodging for more than a week—I there found these three collars—at the station-house she gave me twelve duplicates—one is from Newcastle, and one from Hull—they are for wearing apparel—I have found that two of the duplicates refer to some articles stolen from a party in Nicholas-lane, but they refused to interfere.

MISS COLLINS
re-examined. These collars are mine—I know them by the pattern and the lace—I have had them for some time—I put the lace on myself.

Prisoner. That collar is my own; I paid 4d. a yard for the lace; I made this from a white apron which I brought from Newcastle with me.

Witness. She has made this habit-shirt from a muslin window-blind she took with the rest of the articles, and the collar she has put to it—the window-blind had been in the drawer.

Prisoner's Defence. These habit-shirts are my own, and I bought the collars at Newcastle; I have no witnesses; I am quite a stranger here, and a poor friendless child.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
