



1509. 




MARY ANN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of April, 1 sovereign, 10 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



Thomas Niff.







THOMAS NIFF
. I am a Greenwich pensioner. On the 6th of April I went to Tower-hill to take my pension, between twelve and one o'clock—I then went down from London with it safe—I had 2l. 11s.—I paid what I owed, and wanted to go and buy myself two or three articles—I was going by the Feathers public-house, at Deptford—the prisoner came and got hold of my arm, and insisted on my going into the Feathers—at last I went in, and called for half a pint of rum, I believe—whether I drank any or not I cannot tell, but it was drunk—the mistress of the Feathers then asked me to leave my money with her—I knew her before—the prisoner said, "No, don't, put it into your pocket"—I put it into my pocket, and then she took me by the arm, got me out, and took me home to her lodging—we sat a little while, and I said I wanted to go out to buy myself a hat, and I wanted something to eat—I said I would go out—the prisoner said, "Oh, no, I will fetch a little girl, and she shall fetch what you want"—the girl came—I gave a shilling—she brought some sausages, bread and beer—the prisoner then told her to go out, and a little while after she called her in again—I gave her 1s. 6d. to go and fetch something else, which she did—then the prisoner told her to go out, and I saw no more of her—it was getting late, and I said I wanted to go out to go to bed—the prisoner said, "You can lie down here"—I was pulling off my things and she would persist in putting a shift over my head to mother me—I pulled off my trowsers, and put them on the bed—she snatched my money, and ran off—she took the purse and the money altogether—I got off the bed, but it was no use, she was off—I went out, got a policeman, and told him about it—it was then between twelve and one o'clock—not more than a quarter of an hour elapsed from the time she ran out till she was taken—I have never seen the purse nor the money since—I had been drinking, but was not drunk—there was a sovereign in my purse, and a lot of silver—I was sober enough when I lost my money—it made me sober.





MARY MITCHELL
. I live in Mill-lane. The prisoner came for me to get some errands—I went for a pound of sausages, a half-quartern loaf, and a penny worth, of tobacco—the old gentleman gave me the money to get it—I went for some other things after that—I saw he had got a sovereign and some silver in a bag.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not hear him say, "I must go home; I am in a hurry?" A. I did not.





ELIZABETH AISTROPP
. My husband keeps the Plume of Feathers public-house on Deptford bridge. The prosecutor came with the prisoner on the night mentioned—he called for half a pint of rum—he took a shilling out of a canvass bag to pay for it—I offered to take care of his money, and she said, "Don't you do so."

Prisoner. It was a pot of beer and a quartern of rum he had. Witness. No, it was half a pint of rum.





JOHN ROSCOE
 (police-sergeant R 9.) I heard the prosecutor was robbed—I found the prisoner, and told her he charged her with robbing him of a sovereign and some silver—she denied having seen him at first, and then she said she did see him outside the Feathers, and he told her he was going to receive his pension the next day, and she lent him two sixpences—she said, "A dirty old b—, this is what I get for my good-nature."


Prisoner. Q. Did he deny my lending him the two sixpences? A. Certainly he did, and gave you in charge for robbing him.

Prisoner's Defence. When I first met this man he said, "Mary Smith, where are you going?"—I said, "To get some beer for my sapper"—he said, "Have you got any money to lend me, I don't receive my pension till tomorrow?"—I said, "I don't mind lending you sixpence or a shilling," and I did—I met him the next night—we went and had a quartern of rum, and a pot of beer—he left me in the public-house, and was gone ten minutes—I went home, and in coming back I met him—he said, "I will go home with you; I want some supper," and I sent for this girl—he said he must go home—he went, and stopped some time—he came back, and said he had placed his money all safe, and said, "I will stop with you to-night"—I said, "What will you give me?"—he said, "3s. 6d."—I said, "No, it will take me 3s. 6d. to buy soap to wash my bed and blankets after you"—he sent me out for beer, and stole my shift from under the bed, and put on him—he said he would trepan me, and get me locked up, and say I had robbed him—I never saw his money, no more than I see it now.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
