



501. 




FRANCIS OLIFIERES
 was indicted

 for stealing 2 brooches, value 300l., the goods of 



John Linnit.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN LINNIT
. I now live in Bloomsbury-square. In Jan., 1845, I carried on the business of a jeweler, in Argyle-place—on the 7th of Jan., 1845, the prisoner called at my house—I had known him nearly a month—(I had been dealing with him before—he had brought me some orders in Dec., 1845)—there were two diamond brooches among other things on the counter—he looked at them—I beilve he said he could sell them—I am not certain whether he did not say he had an application to show such things to the Queen—as far as I recollect, he came for something, and said he could sell something handsome, being commanded to get such things—I do not recollect his precise words—I believe when he had them away he said he had come expressly from Windsor—that he had on that day been employed by Her Majesty at the Castle; and, as far I recollect, he said he was sent for these brooches—that he was sent to get something handsome to show Her Majesty—some brooches or articles of jewellery—he said he was employed at the Castle, and had two guineas a-day.

COURT. Q. Did he explain what opportunity he had of showing them to Her Majesty? A. As far as I recollect, he said he was commanded to bring them, and that he had means of showing them to Her Majesty—I gave him the brooches, and told him the price of one would be 145l., and the other 195l., I think.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. For what purpose did you allow him to have possession of the articles? A. To show to the Queen—he went away with them—in about a week afterwards he called again, but I had seen him once within the week before that, and he said the other one would be sold—he was to have brought me the money I think within a week of his having the brooches, about the 6th or 8th of Jan.—he told me he would bring me the money a few days after he had them—it was at that time he said he had sold.

One—he said he was certain of selling the other, and he would bring me the money for both of them—he said he was too late to get the check from the Palace for the money, and he could not get it till the Wednesday following—I saw him on the 15th, a week after; I do not recollect that he said anything about the brooches then, but I expected he would bring the money every day, but he never brought it—he mentioned the Prince's name to me many times—on the 5th or 6th of Jan. he had a stick from me, which he said he had sold to his Royal Highness Prince Albert—he brought me the money for that—I think he paid me for the stick before he had the brooches or the same day—I think he paid for the stick with the money he pawned the brooches for, but it is so long ago I do not know whether it was before or after; it is now two years back—he said he was too late in his application at the Palace to get check—he had to apply to the Treasurer; I think he mentioned the name, but I forget it—I saw nor heard nothing more of him till last year, and never received either brooch or money from him—in Feb., 1845, I received a letter from him—I have looked for it, but have not been able to find it—it contained two duplicates of the brooches and of two other articles—in consequence of receiving that latter I went to Mr., Lorton, a pawnbroker, in Green-street, Leicester-square—I did not see the brroches there—in consequence of what passed between me and Mr. Lorton, I afterwards got my brooches from Mr. Attenborough.

COURT
Q. What became of the duplicate? A. I gave them all four to Mr. Attenborough—I received the brooches from him in Sep., 1845—they are both sold now.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. The prisoner is a foreigner, is he not? A. Yes—I understand he is extremely ingenious in working in hair—he did not work for me—I have not paid him 60l. or 70l. for work which he did—he gave a few orders in Dec. 1844, as I have stated—the first was 8l.—it was to set some of his hair-work—I think I had no other transaction with him previous to Jan. 7th—he took a stick from me, and said he had sold it to Prince Albert—I did not sell it to him, he had it to show—he paid me for it the day after—I think he had it on the 4th or 5th, and paid for it on the 8th.

COURT. Q. Have you a book to refresh your memory as to the transaction? A. The principal book is lost—I have brought some books which refer to part of it where I received the money for the stick—it is not my own entry, it is my son's, who is dead.

MR. BALLANTINE., Q. Is the entry of the receipt of money by your son? A. Yes, it is dated the 8th of Jan.—I have no books to show when the dealings took place about the brooches, those books are lost, but of some rings which he had, seven days later, I have—I will undertake to say it was not in the early part or the middle part of Dec. that the transaction took place with regard to the brooches, because I think he had the stick before he had the brooches, and the stick I am positive of—I will swear he had it before he had the brooches, and on his paying for it I think he had the brooches the same evening—I am not certain he had them the same evening as he paid for the stick—I do not think it possible that he could have had the brooches the same evening—I am not certain he had them the same evening as stick several days after he obtained the brooches.

COURT. Q. Is your recollection sufficiently alive on the subject to enable you to swear the fact was so? A. I think it was not so—that he had the stick first, but it was so short a time it might be within an hour of paying for it that he had the brooches—the only book in which the transaction of the brooches was entered is lost—it was in the possession of the official assignee, I believe—I have been employed four or five days, looking for it—it

was called the waste-book—I had many books of that sort—I cannot tell whether any other book is missing—I have not had occasion to look for many other—I have obtained my certificate, and have had my books—I have not got the stick now—it was returned to me—it went with the other property when I left Argyle-place—it has not been returned to the prisoner—he has paid me 31l. for it, but he brought it back I think within a week or eight days to have a gold ferrule put to it—he told me he was employed every day by her Majesty—I do not recollect that he told me had done work in hair by command of her Majesty—I do not think he showed me any letters—I do not recollect that he told me he should be able to show the brooches to her Majesty—I will understand to say he said he had instructions to bring them—I cannot say what his words were, it is so long back—there was always a great deal of jewellery lying on my counter—I do not recollect whether I wished him to take several brooches—I do not think I asked him to take either the whole tray or several articles—I am quite certain I never offered him the tray, for there was no tray—I did not ask him to take a box of diamond rings or several articles of jewellery, I will swear I did not—he had not been in the habit of taking articles of mine out of the had articles of much have had some trifling articles of mine out of the glass-case—he may have not some trifling articles, I believe he had—he has not had articles of much greater value than these brooches—I have trusted him with little table orna-ments—the two brooches and three rings, I think that is all he had from me—he brought me back the table ornaments, they were silver, worth from 15l. to 30l. each—I cannot say how many he had, I think three or four—I believe he had them all at once—I believe it was about the 14th of Feb. I received the letter I have lost—I do not remember the post-mark, but I think it was King William-street, City—the substance of the letter was that he was going abroad, it was not that he was obliged to go, in consequence of a suit for a divorce that was going on, it was apologizing for this conduct to me, and returning me the duplicates, and saying that he would pay me some day—I do not think it said he was going abroad—I directly ordered inquiry to be made for him, but could never ascertain whether he had gone abroad—received information that he was in this country from a man named Wilson, who I had in my employment, and who the prisoner had brought to me as a workman, a man in distress—my affairs were not in the hands of the assignees at the time I received the information of his being in this country—I did not receive information from Wilson to take him into custody—I lost sight of him for some months—I received the next information that he was to be found only a few months back—when my attention was called by the return of the duplicates I did not refer to my books to ascertain the exact dates of the transaction; I think I had no other transaction with him till early in Jan.—I never saw him after the 15th—I had not fifteen jobs from him in Dec., I think only four, they came to 8l.—I ascertain that from him my workman's books—I have one book here, in which payments appear, that is for the stick—my payments for work are in a petty cash-book, which my son kept, he is in India—I have had notice to produce that book, but cannot find it—I have lost two books, the book in which the amount paid to me for work appears is lost—I have ascertained the amount from my workman's books.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did the letter you have spoken of bear any date? A. I think about the 11th. Of Feb.—I cannot recollect where it was from—I think it was a foreign address, but do not recollect what—the transaction about the brooches took place in the evening—my book, which contain the entry of the receipt of the money for the stick, shows the money to be re-ceived on the 8th—the letter was certainly not addressed from Hull—I think it was Havre or Calais—I did not part with brooches for any purpose

whatever, except that they might be shown on approbation to Her Majesty—I can only tell you form recollection that the stick was returned to me a week or eight day after he had paid me for it—that would not be quite so late as the 15th or 16th—I think he had the rings when he brought the stick back to have the alteration in it—he said he brought the stick from the palace, because Prince Albert was about to make a present of it to the Emperor of Russia, and the Emperor being a very tall man, he wanted a very long gold ferrule to it; which I put, but he never came for it.

COURT. Q. At what time of the evening did he have the broches? A. About seven o'clock, I presume, but it is only from recollection.

JURY. Q. What employment, at two guineas a day, did he say he had at the Palace? A. Ornamental hair-work.





JOHN REARDON
. In Jan., 1845, I was in the service of Mr. Philip Lorton, Pawnbroker, of Green-Street, Leicester-square. The Prisoner came to me on the 7th of Jan., 1845, about the middle of the day, and offered two brilliant brooches—he asked for 200l. on them—I lent him that day 70l. on one of them—I had offered him 150l. on the two, which he declined taking—the articles being of great value, I questioned him particularly as to who they belonged to—he said they belonged to himself; that he had purchased the stones abroad, and had them manufactured into brooches in London—I gave him a memorandum of the transaction—on the 9th, two days after, he came again, and brought the other brooch, and I advanced him 80l. on it, which made the 150l., and gave him a memorandum of that transaction—in Aug., 1845, I delivered those two brooches, with other things, into the possession of Mr. Attenborough, by order of Mr. Lorton.

Cross-examined. Q. At what time on the 7th of Jan. did he pawn the first brooch? A. About noon—it was not in the evening—he had been in the habit of pawning with us before, but not to so large an amount—when I questioned him, he said he had come into property—he has pawned articles with me, and redeemed them, from the time I first came there, which was in Dec., 1843.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. In consequence of the value of the articles you asked where he got them, what did he say? A. I had not seen him for a few months previously—he said he had been abroad, and had come into property to a large extent, which enabled him to collect the stones, and have them manufactured, and should shortly have remittances form that property to enable him to redeem them—I had never before advanced him more than a few pounds.





RICHARD ATTENBOROUGH
. I am a silversmith, jeweler, and pawnbroker, and carry on business in oxford-street. In 1845 I had the circumstances of this case stated to me—I was applied to on the part of Mr. Lorton, and went to the prosecutor's to arrange the matter between the two—Mr. Lorton, under my advice, gave up the articles to Mr. Linnit, who paid him some money.





MISS MARIANNE SKERRETT
. I hold an appointment under Her Majesty, which brings me in constant personal attendance on Her Majesty—I accompany Her Majesty to most places she goes to, and when at when at Windsor I am in close attendance on her. I remember in 1842 a person named Olifieres being employed to make an imitation of a dog's head in hair—in the course of that transaction he had no personal interview with the Queen at all.

Q. If the prisoner had been in 1844 and 1845 in attendance daily at the Palace, in daily pay, must you have known it? A. Yes—my situation will enable me to say if any tradesman or anybody of that description had been in attendance on Her Majesty—I cannot say that in Dec., 1844, or Jan., 1845, the prisoner did not submit any brooches for Her Majesty's inspection, but do

not believe it—it is Her Majesty's custom to give her orders through the person in attendance on her—if she desires to see articles of jewellery it is generally communicated through me—since the dog's head in hair was prepared, the prisoner was not, to my knowledge, employed at the Palace—if he had been in personal communication with Her Majesty I must have known it.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you happen to know the date when he was working for Her Majesty? A. I do not—it was in 1842 he did the dog's head—this letter (looking at it) is dated Sept. 23rd, without the year—it must have been written in 1842—I am sure he has done no work in hair for Her Majesty from 1842 to the present time—Sir Henry Wheatley attends at the Palace—I do not always see him—I should think he was there the latter end of 1844 and beginning of 1845—he would give directions respecting matters entrusted to him—if brooches were handed to him he might have shown them to Prince Albert.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. If such a transaction had taken place at the latter end of 1844, or beginning of 1845, or any such person had an interview with Her Majesty, should you have known it? A. 1 most likely should.





COLONEL ANSON
. I have the honour of holding the situation of keeper of Her Majesty's Privy Purse; am also treasurer of the Royal Household to Prince Albert—from Jan, 1844 to Jan. 1847, I was also secretary to His Royal Highness—I entirely conduct the monetary affairs of His Royal Highness—he never draws checks—I settle all the bills—His Royal Highness did not want a stick for the Emperor of Russia in January 1845, nor have one for himself—no gold ferrule was ordered to be put on a stick for the Emperor—the prisoner never called on me for a check on account of His Royal Highness, which I said he was too late to receive, or postponed till the following Wednesday—as keeper of Her Majesty's Privy Purse I should know, by my access to the accounts, whether Her Majesty had any transacttion respecting jewellery—I should not know with certainty whether she had desired to inspect any—articles might have been shown her without my knowledge—every transaction between tradesmen and His Royal Highness would not necessarily come to my knowledge, but I pay everything—the prisoner was never at Windsor in 1845 working at two guineas a day—that is not the mode in which persons are employed—he would be paid for what work he did—I paid him 12l. for the representation of a favourite dog's head—it was paid in 1843—there had been one similar transaction previously—those are the only ones I know of.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you any stick delivered to you in 1845, to show His Royal Highness? A. Not that I recollect, but there are so many applications from tradesmen, and I never refuse a respectable tradesman to show articles—I have heard the prisoner has been in communication with Sir Henry Wheatley, endeavouring to show goods to Her Majesty.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What was the situation of Sir Henry Wheatley? A. He was keeper of the Privy Purse—I have submitted no cane to the inspecttion of Prince Albert to my knowledge—I can say none was ever submitted for the Emperor of Russia, and that I never paid for it—I became keeper of the Privy Purse on the 1st of Jan. this year.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

