




2838. 




EDWARD BROCKWELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of September, 1 ewe, price 1l. 10s., the property of 




Sir Ralph Howard, Bart.—2nd COUNT, for killing and slaying the said ewe, with intent to steal the carcase.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE KNIGHT
. I am bailiff to Sir Ralph Howard, Bart. On the 29th of September, there were ninety-one ewes, five lambs, and a ram, safe in a meadow belonging to Sir Ralph, in the parish of Little Stanmore—I did not count them myself—on the morning of the 30th, I went with the shepherd to the meadow, in consequence of what he said to me, and in the ditch near the gate of the field I saw a mark of blood—I afterwards saw in a ditch on the other side of the hedge, part of a ewe sheep, the hind legs, the loin, and shoulder had been taken away—the skin was left, it had not been slaughtered in the way a butcher would have killed it—the entrails had been ruptured, and the contents of the entrails had ran about the meat—I traced some foot-marks—on the following Sunday I saw the superintendent of police with a pair of high shoes, the left shoe had a little cowdung on it—among the impressions of the shoes was one on a seat of cow-dung—I saw the shoe brought by an officer compared with the place on the cow-dung—it corresponded, and there was a little cow-dung removed from the seat—we took the remainder of the mutton and the skin away—it appeared to be about three yards from the place where the sheep was killed, and thrown over a hedge—the skin and entrails were on the other side.

Prisoner. It was a foot-path field where there were foot-marks. Witness. There might be a foot-path but not within forty yards of the place.





THOMAS HUMPHREY
. I am shepherd to Sir Ralph Howard. I counted the sheep on the 28th, there were ninety-one ewes, five lambs, and a ram, I passed them through the gate—about ten o'clock the following morning I passed them through a gate and counted them, and missed one ewe—I saw the other sheep go and peep into the ditch—I went and looked, and found blood—I told Mr. Knight—I saw the shoe fitted in the cow-dung—it fitted very well—I found the skin and the head of the sheep—I did not know it again—it appeared slaughtered in a very clumsy manner—the entrails had burst, and were scattered about the liver—I should think it had been killed about twelve hours—one of the hurdles had been taken from its place, and put across the ditch, to keep them from running through—the head of the hurdle was very bloody—I believe that sheep to have been my master's.





JOSEPH HIGGS
 (police-constable L 30.) On Sunday the 2nd I went to the prisoner's house at Clay-hill, Bushy, nearly two miles from Little Stanmore, with Snowling, the officer—I found the prisoner, his wife, and three children, just set down to dinner—they had a pie on the table—I asked the prisoner what the pie consisted of—he said, mutton, beef, and odd pieces of pork, and things, that he had bought at Watford-market, about half-past seven o'clock the night before—I examined the pie—there was no beef or pork in it—it consisted of part of a leg of mutton, and part of the loin—I said I should search his house to see if there was any more mutton—he saw me going towards a basket, and said, "You will find a bit there, under some linen"—I lifted up the clothes, and found a small part of a leg of mutton, with a stain on it, as though from the bruised entrails

of a sheep—I took the prisoner into custody—I found this pair of trowsers on the prisoner's bed, with stains of blood on them; and on the stairs I found a large bag, with some mutton fat in it, some blood on it in several places, and some grass at the bottom of it—I found a pair of boots in the bed-room—I brought them away—I found a little cow-dung on the left boot, and a small portion of blood on the side—I went to the field in which Sir Ralph Howard's sheep had been kept—I traced the track of feet nearly a quarter of a mile in the direction from where the sheep was stolen, towards where the prisoner lived—I afterwards went to the place where I found the cow-dung—I compared the shoe with the impression I found in the cow-dung, and it corresponded exactly—the prisoner said, that on the Saturday night he had been to Watford, and purchased the meat—I asked if he had been in any house—he said, "No"—I asked if there was any person in the Eight Bells that he knew—he said, "No"—I found, on examining the remaining portion of the carcase of the sheep, that the entrails had been ruptured.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to Watford on Saturday night, and bought 4 1/2 lbs. Of pieces in the market-place, and made a pie of them. The blood on my trowsers was from my nose bleeding on the week before, and my wiping my nose on my trowsers.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.
