





2357. 




MARY JANE FITZGERALD
 and 



JAMES FRY



, feloniously setting fire to a house in the possession of Emma Beaumont, with intent to injure and defraud the 

Westminster Fire-office, and 





EMMA BEAUMONT



for feloniously inciting them to commit the said felony.


MESSRS. CLARKSON, BODKIN, and
PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH BAXTER
. I am not now in any habitation—I did live in White Horse-yard, Drury-lane—I am a porter in Covent Garden-market. In May last I went to lodge at the European Coffee-house, in Long Acre, which was kept by Beaumont—I left on Monday 21st Aug., as near as I can recollect—I had known Beaumont before, by using the House, and I had lodged there previously—she spoke to me several times about firing the house—she said she would not mind giving 10l. to any one to do it—that was about a month or six weeks before I went away—she said, as she had known me so long, she would not mind giving me 10l. to set fire to the house—I said I would consider of it, or something to that effect—I knew that the house and property were insured—Beaumont showed me the policy on three different occasions—isaw that the amount was for 400l.—after I had told her that I would consider this proposition of hers, I saw things taken away from the house several time?, such as baskets of China and glass—I saw the bedding cut up and made into pillows—I saw Fitzgerald (who was servant in the house) take the pillows away; she told me it was by Beaumont's orders—I have seen her take them away when Beaumont was in the house—on the day that I left, Beaumont said the things were ready, and asked me what time it would be convenient to me to set fire to the house—she said the Thursday would be convenient for her, and would I go to tnke tea with her—this conversation took place in the little bar—I do not know that there was anybody there but Beaumont and I; Fitzgerald might have been in and out, following her occupation—I said the Thursday would suit me, or words to that effect—I led her to believe that I would do it—I went again on the Tuesday—I do not recollect that anything passed respecting this matter—she sent for me on the Thursday, and I went about five o'clock—Kitzgerald went in with me-Beaumont was not there, but a young woman was, who was a stranger-Beaumont wme in, and 1 had tea with her—she said all was ready, and we might as well go through with it, as things bad gone so far—she said she had appointed to go to the theatre with Fry, at half-price, and that I was to set

fire to the house while she was gone—she put down three sovereigns on the side-board, and told me I might take it from the side-board, that I might say she had not given me any money to fire the house, and that I had not taken any money from her hand—I took up the three sovereigns and kept them—she said she would give me two sovereigns on the following morning, Friday, and 5l. after she had settled with the Insurance Company—during the conversation and the giving of the money, Fitzgerald was in and out—I think she was in the room when the three sovereigns were laid down, and I took them up, but I cannot say for certainty—the bar opens into the public room and the private passage—when Fitzgerald was not in the bar, she was passing up and down stairs to the kitchen ami bed-room—I do not know that she went into the coffee-room while I was there—Fry was in the coffee-room, not in the bar—he was not near enough to hear what parsed between me and Beaumont—there were several other persons in the coffee-room where Fry was—Fry came into the bar to change a book, but he only came for a moment, and he went out at the coffee-shop door—the other door leads to the passage—Beaumont beckoned to him in the coffee-shop to go out, and they went out by different doors, and met in the street-after they were gone, I had some conversation with Fitzgerald—I told her I was goin into the country that night, and I had no intention of setting fire to the house—she said she thought as much—I did not stop five minutes—I left London that night, and went to Watford—I came to town again the next night, Friday, 25th, I arrived by the train about seven—I sent George Priest, who had been my companion in travel, to the house in Long Acre, to make inquiries, and in consequence of what he told me, I went to the house about nine—I found Fitzgerald standing at the private-door—I asked her what Miss Beaumont had said concerning my going away with the money—she said, Miss Beaumont said she thought I had acted very right in going away—she said, it heinr the opera night, it would soon have got found out—she said her mistress was gone to Cromorne Gardens, with the same young man that she had been to the theatre with the niht previous—she said the fire was going to take place that niht—she Said she was to have 20l., and Fry was to have 20l. also—she said there was a written agreement on a 3d. stamp, and Beaumont and Fry had each signed their names to it, and she had made her mark at the bottom—she said Mrs. Robins was in the house at the time I was speaking to her at the door—she went in and shut the door—I waitid opposite the house a few minutes—I saw Mrs. Robins and Fitzgerald come out-Mrs. Robins had a bundle under her arm—Fitzgerald went with her to the corner of James-street, which is 100 or 150 yards from the house—they there parted, and Fitzgerald went back to the house—I then went away to 21, White Hart-yard, and a friend with me—I was not out any more that night—I went to bed about ten—on the following morning I went to the market—I saw Mr. Davis, that I had been working for; and in consequence of what he told me, I went to Long-acre about eight in the morning—I noticed that there had been a fire at Beaumont's house—about nine or ten o'clock that morning Fitzgerald came to my lodging, and told me it was all over—I had told her where I lodged—I had her boxes at my lodging—I had taken them there on the Tuesday night—I took them out of the house that night, and she said it was too late to take them to her friend's, where she intended them to go to, and would I permit them to be in my lodging; and I took them there, and there they remained till that morning—she told me it was all over, and the Insurance-office had made it out as an escape of gas—I asked her how it was done, and she said

she put a light, or a lighted greasy paper, under the place where the old newspapers were kept, and it was all on fire in a moment—this was on the Saturday—on the Monday I was in Covent-garden market-Fitzgerald came to me there—she told me that Beaumont wished to speak to me, and would I go to No. 13, King-street, Long-acre, that is where her brother lived—I went there after Fitzgerald had left me—I saw Beaumont's brother—I waited a few minutes, and Beaumont came in—it is a little shop—her brother was in the private parlour-Beaumont said I need not be afraid, she would give me the remaining 7l., as though I had set fire to the house myself—I think she said I was not to mention it to anybody, I was to keep it a secret—I said, "Very well"—I then came away—on the Wednesday afterwards I saw Fitzgerald again in Covent-garden market, or somewhere adjoining; I think it was in James-street—I gave her a note to take to Beaumont—she came back after she had taken it, and told me that Miss Beaumont said I might do what I liked; if I said anything concerning the fire, that she would charge me with stealing some books that I had the care of—there were three books, a writing-desk, a bird-cage, and some other trifling things, that she had given me—I told Fitzgerald I would go and give information to the Fire-office—she said I might go as soon as I liked—I do not recollect that anything more passed on that occasion—I think I saw Fitzgerald again on the Friday—I told her I had communicated to the Insurance Company (which I had not; I did not make the communication till the next day, the Saturday)—she said I had done very wrong in stating that she had set fire to the house, it was a mistake—she said I had misunderstood her when she told me that Fry had proposed to bring 3s. worth of combustibles to put under the cupboard—that might have been on the Wednesday; it was after the fire—I informed the Insurance-office on the following day, and on Monday, the 4th, I attended at Mr. Storr, the agent's office—I found Miss Beaumont there, and her sister, Mrs. Matthews—I waited till Mr. Storr sent for me in-1 was in the same room with Miss Beaumont and her sister, the public auction-room-Miss Beaumont came to me, and asked if I had been sent for there—I said, "No," I was come there to meet a friend—she asked me to go outside with her, which I refused to do-Mrs. Matthews came, and said there was something very mysterious between her sister and me, and she wanted to know the meaning of it-Miss Beaumont told her there were some trifling sums of money that she owed me; if I would make out my bill she would pay me—I told Matthews it was no use asking me such a question as that, that she knew all about it—Miss Beaumont said if I would go outside with her, or meet her at her brother's at three o'clock, she would give me 10l.—I refused that, and soon after, Mr. Storr called for me, and 1 went out of the room, and left them to themselves—I knew there was a ladder at the house that was burnt; I had seen it several times—it was kept down stairs in the passage, and sometimes I have seen it at the top of the house—Miss Beaumont desired me to take it from the passage up to the top of the house—there is a trap-door opening at the top of the house—I put the fodder on the top landing; that would enable a person to get out at that opening.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. How long have you worked at Covent-garden market? A. For many years, off and on—I went to live at this coffee-house in April, or May—I do not know the name of the servant who was there then—she was a short stout person—she left—that was not Fitzgerald—Fitzgerald had been in the house perhaps six weeks or two months—I had lodged there about twelve months before—Beaumont said as she had known me so Iong—she would give me 10l. to fire the house—I had

been away from the house, as a lodger, though I had used it—I had been down to Yorkshire to see my relations and friends—this conversation was on the Monday, as I was leaving the house—Beaumont knew I was about to leave—I agreed to go on the Thursday to set fire to the house, as she thought—I gave her to understand that I should do it—I never had it in my own mind to do it-1 wanted money for what I had done for her—I had been working for her—I took the 3l. for the work I had done—I understood the 3l. I received to he for work 1 had done for her—I took it as such, not that she paid it as such—she never made any arrangement what I was to have but I considered it good payment for the work I had done—we are in the habit of putting a price on the work we do—I considered that this 3l. would be liberal payment, and having got this liberal payment I went to enjoy myself at Watford and at Northampton—I walked to Watford, and them engaged a bed from half-past three till half-past six o'clock, I then took the train to Northampton—I came back the same day by the train—I had done several jobs for Beaumont—Fitzgerald was servant in the house—she did not very often attend customers in the shop—there was a kitchen, but it was not used for cooking; it was merely to keep lumber, and different things in—when I took up the 3l. Fitzgerald was in and out-Fry came in once, but there was no one when 1 took up the 3l.—when I went at five o'clock there was a stange young woman there—I was up stairs, in the sitting-room, for nearly an hour—there was no light there—I was in the dark—Miss Beaumont did not speak very loudly to me; it was not a whisper; it was in a moderate tone—I paid a trifle for Priest, when we went to Northampton, I might not have paid for everything, he had money—I went to the house on Friday, the 25th—I did not see Miss Beaumont at all that evening—I should think I was not more than a quarter of an hour altogether in the street that evening—I then went home to bed, in White Horse-yard—I got to bed about ten—Priest slept with me—I applied to Miss Beaumont for my wages after the fire—a letter was sent by Fitzgerald—I do not recollect that I said to any one that this fire was an accident, I cannot swear that I did not—I might have mentioned it as an accident, but if I have, it is unbeknown to me—I had not been speaking to many persons about the fire before I went to the Insurance Company—I had told my friend, when he was on the railway with me—after the fire I did not mention it to any one before I went to the Insurance Company.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Is this paper your writing (heading a paper to the witness)? A. I cannot swear to my own writing—I would not swear that it is, or not—it is something similar to my writing; yes, it is my writing—(the witness read the two first lines to himself)—I have never described this occurrence as an accident, that I am aware of—I will not undertake to swear that I have or not—I am twenty-five years old—I have been in London six years; I came from Yorkshire—I never was on intimate terms with Fitzgerald—I never said that if I got the other 7l. I would have given no information—it was my intention to give information to the office, let me get what I would—when Mrs. Robins came out of the house, on the Friday evening, she had a bundle—it was not very large; it was as large as a person could well carry under their arm; one that any one could see—it was about nine—when Mrs. Matthews spoke to me, I said she knew all about it; I meant that she knew how the fire had happened-seeing them together, I thought she must have known—I did not set fire to the house—I was never engaged in a similar transaction—I was never in any other part of this Court, I have been a witness—I never was charged—I can prove I left my two situations with a good character—I was for twelve months a labourer in a

brewery at Old Brentford—I was discharged, with another servant, on the 4th March last, because they had no further employ for us—I then went down to Yorkshire, and stopped nearly two months there—when I left my master, he told me he would give me a good character to obtain a situation anywhere—I did not apply for the 1l.; I made an application in the note—I did not mention any sum—I wanted a trifle to maintain myself till I got to my friends—I did not threaten, "If you don't give me money I will go to the fire-office"—I said, "You will hear further from me"—it was rot in consequence of her not giving me money that I gave information—it was after I made the application that I gave the information, because she threatened to charge me with stealing the thing;.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You sent a note? A. Yes; this is it—(read)—"To Miss E. Beaumont, 13, King-street. Madam,—I am sorry to inform you that I have lost my work since your accident, and you must think that I want some money, and I must have it, or you will hear something of it before this time to-morrow. I know that you have got it, and you only give it at once, and then it will be done with: if you don't let me have it, you must look out for three of you being in the station to-night."—I never got any money in consequence of this note.

COURT.Q. You say here, "Only give it at once, and then it will be done with!"—what did you mean by that? A. I do not know—I do not remember putting "Only give it at once."





GEORGE PRIEST
. I am the person who went to Northampton with Baxter.





WILLIAM BROMFITT STORR
. I am of the firm of Debenham and Storr, of King-street, Coven t-garden. We act as agents and valuers to the Westminster Fire-office. On 30th Aug., I went to 21, Long Acre—I had that day got a claim from the prisoner Beaumont—she called on me on the following day, the 31st, on the subject of that claim—I asked her about the policy—she said it was destroyed by the fire-in this claim there are forty aprons charged: a black satinette dress, unfinished; a black velvet shawl, embroidered; a cashmere dress; a black satin shawl; a black satin dress, unfinished; a pair of fur cuffs; and two water-coloured cuts, with gilt frames—when I was in conversation with Beaumont, the claim was in my hand, and it was discussed—on the 2nd Sept., I went to Cottrill and Harrison, pawnbrokers in Drury-lane—I saw something there that I thought important, and I made an appointment with Miss Beaumont to see her at her brother's at three o'clock that day—she came, and I asked her to describe the satinette dress, and what she meant by the term unfinished—she said that it was a satinette in the length, not made up—I asked her the same question in reference to the black satin dress, and she gave the same answer—she said that one of the dresses, either the satin or the satinette was complete, with the exception that a piece had been cut off for an apron—I appointed to see her again at eight in the evening, and Is saw her at her brother's—I asked her what kind of dress the cashmere dress was, and she said an old one, and unpicked; that she had had it for a deceased relative—she said that the cuffs matched a large fur cape, and that they were squirrel-fur—she said one of the water-coloured portraits was of her sister, and the other of herself—she described the sizes-one was in a gold frame, about eighteen inches, and the other a miniature, in a black enamel frame—on 4th Sept., on my return to my office, I found Fitzgerald there, about ten—she was ordered into my room—I asked what she wanted—she said her name was Fitzgerald, that she was servant to Miss Beaumont, and she had called for the purpose of giving me information respecting the fire in

Long Acre—I took down what she said on this paper—(reads)—"I heard Miss Beaumont say to Baxter that she would give him 20l. if he would set fire to the house; this was three months ago. She said she was highly indebted, and she owed three quarters rent to her landlord, and he would not grant her a lease, and therefore she would injure his house. Accordingly she kept sending me out with her clothes to pledge; this was about last Saturday fortnight, but others were taken about three weeks before that. She told me it was to pay her landlord, and instead of that, when she received the money altogether, and the trinkets, she told me that she would take the money and trinkets to Mrs. Robinson, of Oxford-street, shoemaker. On last Thursday week a young man called upon Miss Beaumont, and took her out, as they said, to the Hay market theatre—on that day, before they went, she agreed with Baxter to set fire to the house, but he never said he would or he would not do it—she laid down 3l. on the dresser, and said to him, (Baxter), 'I won't give it into your hands, in case that I should be put to my oath that I gave you any money'—Baxter took the money up—I was standing at the sink washing cups and saucers up—after that, Miss Beaumont and her young man went away, leaving myself and Baxter in the house—when Miss Beaumont was gone, he turned round to me, and said if he could get 50l. to do it, he would not do such a thing, and he would go off into the country before she could pull him up for the money—he then went away—in the course of the day I heard Miss Beaumont and the young man in conversation about setting fire to the house—the young man said to her, 'Get three shillings-worth of powder, and put it into some greasy paper, and place it near the fire, and it will blow the roof up'—Miss Beaumont returned half an hour after Baxter had gone—the young man came the next morning to breakfast—Beaumont told him how Baxter had served her out about the money—he was there all day talking to Miss Beaumont about the fire, settling how it should be done—she promised him 20l., and also that when she got her money, she would go to Australia with him, and if I would like to go with her she would take me as her servant, or if not, she would give me some money—I told her I did not want her money, and that 1 was never bribed to do such a thing-Miss Beaumont sent me out for a threepenny stamp, upon which they wrote something which they told me was by the God above, this secret was not to be revealed by either of us—she signed this paper after he had done so, and then made me put a cross to my name to it—after doing this I got frightened and ran away, and went to my cousin—Miss Beaumont came after me there, but she did not see me, as I had hid myself—this was in the afternoon, from one to four o'clock—I returned to Long Acre about half-past four—Miss Beaumont went out and bought me a pair of bouts, and brought them to me, and told me she was going to Cremorne Gardens that night with the young man, she would not return before one o'clock—she said that I had better go to bed after the shop was shut, and when she came home she would ring double—when I was at tea, Mrs. Robinson came in—she (Miss Beaumont) and the young man went up-stairs, and remained there more than an hour and a half-before Mrs. Robinson went, she took three or four large books out of the bar, on the shelf on the right hand side as you go into the bar from the coffee-room, over a little box—Mrs. Robinson said they were nice books, and it was a pity that they should be destroyed, and I said, 'Do you know that my mistress is going to do such a thing? and she answered me and said she never was astonished so much as when she returned to her own home, after she had been out during the day, to find a large parcel or Miss Beaumon's containing duplicates and money and

clothes—the parcel also contained two 5l.-notes, gold and silver, and the policy—Mrs. Robinson left Long Acre about nine o'clock—Miss Beaumont, before she left, gave me orders to put the kettle over the gas and leave the boilers over the fire—I did as she told me—at a quarter to eleven I went to bed, not thinking that Miss Beaumont had set any trap for me—at about a quarter to twelve I was awoke by the ringing and knocking of the police—my room was full of smoke—I got up the steps of the cock-loft, I could not go further, and Mr. Tucker sent two of his young men—I had only my night-gown and cap on—my gown I slipped on outside my night-dress—I went into one of Mr. Tucker's bed-rooms, and I went that night to Miss Beaumont's brother's house—Miss Beaumont and the young man came to King-street, Seven Dials (Beaumont's brother's house) about one or two o'clock in the morning—the next day she wished me to keep with her, and wished me to say everything she wished me to say about her clothes, her money, and other things that had been destroyed—I have been here and made a statement, some of it is true, and some is what she told me to say, which is not true—Baxter took my box away on the Tuesday previous to the fire—I slept four nights, commencing on Saturday, at Mrs. Moore's, No. 2, Bell-court, Gray's-inn-lane—on Wednesday night I slept at my cousin's, at Deptford—his name is Dan Fitzgerald, 2, Lower Deptford, near the Dockyard, 3 gardener—Miss Beaumont's sister, Mrs. Matthews, a fruit-saleswoman in the Borough-market, bought me a pair of shoes on Thursday after the fire—on Thursday, Miss Beaumont promised me 20l., if I would stay with her and do as she told me—Mrs. Matthews also wanted to take me and Miss Beaumont over the water with her, and take a famished room for us—I told her that I would not go, but would still lodge at Mrs. Moore's—I slept there that night, and have continued to do so—before the fire Miss Beaumont gave me, to take care of for her, a file of bills, two brass-work baskets, her own likeness, and that of her sister, a brass lock, and a box containing some bills"—I had seen Baxter before that, on the Saturday morning at the Westminster Fire-office—he was not in custody or under charge—on his arrival, I was sent for—I knew nothing of Fitzgerald—she had been and made a statement before.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Was she not excited in making this statement to you? A. She was not at all so.





ELIZABETH ROBINS
. I am the wife of James Robins, a shoemaker, at 385, Oxford-street—I know Beaumont—she came to my house on Friday, 25th Aug., the day that the fire took place—she came about one o'clock—she had a parcel on her arm, and asked me if I would allow her to change her dress—I said, "I expect my husband in to dinner; you know he does not like it, but you can go with my little girl to change it"—she went up stairs, but I did not know what part she went to—I did not see her when she came down—I saw her that evening in her own house—she had shortly before that had a pair of boots from my house, and I went for the boots or the money—Miss Beaumont said I should have them—there was a woman present, but I do not know her—Miss Beaumont said to her, "Shall I tell Mrs. Robins?"—I did not hear the answer—Miss Beaumont said to me, "We are going to have a fire"—I looked towards the parlour and said, "Why you have got one"—she said, "We are going to have another"—she asked me if I could give her change—I said, "No"—she asked me to lend her 5s., which I did—she then went out with a young man—she said, before she went, to the servant, "Give Mrs. Robins that little parcel," and that parcel contained the boots—after Miss Beaumont was gone I asked the person who was there

to be quick in giving it me—the person who was left there was a woman, a servant, I suppose—she was washing up some cups and saucers—I thought at Bow-street that Fitzgerald was the person—to the best of my belief she is, but I could not swear to it—she asked me for change—I said I had not got it—she then said would I mind the place while she got it—she said she was dry—I said, "Why not take some coffee or tea?"—she said she did not take that—I said, "Well, bring in a sip of beer"—when she came back she asked me if I heard what Miss Beaumont said—I said I heard her say she was going to have a fire; I thought it was in another part of the house—she said, "No, I am to set fire to the house"—I asked her over again, and she said the same—I said, "You are never going to do such a thing as that, are you?"—she said she had promised Miss Braumont—I said, "You will be handed if you do that; you must be mad, or have some bad advisers"—she then said a man named Baxter had 3l. to do it the night before—I asked who this man was—she said he was a low-lived fellow in Covent-garden market—I asked her where he was—she said he had gone away—I asked her who was in the house the last night—she said herself—I said, "Well, as you are here to-night I hope you will not attempt to do such a thing"—she said she had promised Miss Beaumont—I said, "Never mind what you promised her; for God's sake do not do it; you will surely be hung"—she promised me faithfully she would not do it—she said Miss Beaumont had been to my house—I said, "Yes"—she said, "What did she come for?"—I said, "I suppose to change her dress; she brought a clean one"—she said, "If she did that was not all, for she has left 40l. and a lot of duplicates at your house"—as I was going back to my own house I took three books, and I said to her, "Tell Miss Beaumont I shall expect to see her to-morrow, or else on Sunday, when the house is closed"—I went home, and went into a room in my house, I found a lot of duplicates, a lot of stamped receipts, a lot of papers, a dress, and 4l. 12s. in silver, loose, 6l. in gold in a small tin box, and two 5l.-notes in a pocket-book—they were in a small unoccupied room at the top of my house, where Beaumont had gone with my little girl—they were all in the room, with a dress covered over them, so that no one would see the parcel—they were rolled up in two separate rags, and there was a little basket as well laid on the chair—I brought them down stairs, and put them in a little box, and locked them up—I took them to my neighbour, Mrs. Garratt, 7, Wardour-street, and asked her to be kind enough to let me leave them there—I took all there but 8s., which Beaumont owed me, and which I took out—I saw Beaumont the next morning early, as near as I can recollect it was half-past five o'clock—I said, "What has brought you here?"—she said, "Oh my place has been on fire?"—I said, "Then that wretch has done it, has she?"—she did not make any answer—my bell rung, I had a child very ill—she left, savin" she would come again that day—she came again, and asked me for an officer or a lawyer—I asked her what she wanted, and she said, "Perhaps you can tell me how to make out for a fire insurance"—I told her she got me in great trouble by coming there; that I had never had a fire, and I hoped I never should, but I had a sister who had had a fire, and she might go to her—I could not say much to her, as my husband was cross—she went away, and did not come again till the Monday, when I told her what the servant had stated to me about the fire, and asked her if it were true—she would not make me any answer to it—I said, "Will you take your few things that you left?"—she said she could not take them then—I said, "You must, for I could not have them left in my

house, and was obliged to take them out"—she left, and on the following Tuesday morning she came again, she said for her money—while she was there Mrs. Matthews came—she said that Baxter was waiting for Beaumont, and she must go home directly—I understood that Baxter was waiting at her brother's—before Miss Beaumont went, she said I was to give the money to her sister—I went to King-street—I there saw Miss Beaumont, Fitzgerald, and Baxter—Mrs. Matthews told me that Fitzgerald was the servant—I directly said to her, "Oh, did you not promise me you would not do such a thing?'"—she said, "Yes I did"—I said, "Did you do it?"—she would not answer—I got the parcel and the duplicates back from Garratt, and gave them to Miss Beaumont—I unlocked the little box and took them out—I did not count the duplicates till the next day—there were forty-two or forty-three—when I left Miss Beaumont's house I had a small parcel, which I concealed with the boots.

COURT. Q. Did you leave the house by yourself, or did anybody go with you? A. I left it by myself.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You saw Miss Beaumont about half-past five o'clock the next morning? A. Yes—she said, "There has been a fire"—I was astonished to hear it after the statement I had heard—I sent Miss Beaumont to my eldest sister who lives at Hackney—she had had a fire some years before—I had got home on the evening before, and was in my shop by a quarter before nine—when I first went to Long Acre it was a little after seven—I had not tea there—I went to a shop in Drury-lane, and stopped there some time—these are the books (produced).

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. How long have you known Beaumont? A. Fifteen years, and her family—occasionally when I have been out on a Sunday I have called—I used to be very friendly before her mother died, but since then there has not been so much intimacy—I have been to the coffee-house—I may have seen Fitzgerald there, but I do not recollect her—I may have been there six times in the last twelve months—I was not long in conversation with Fitzgerald on the Friday night—Beaumont left me in the house for the servant to fetch me the boots—I did not stop there long—I was standing the whole time—this conversation took place in the bar—there was no person there—the coffee-room was full of people—I had only a small parcel, and the books—I took the books of my own accord—I have been in the habit for fifteen years of having books to read—I did not say it was a pity these books should be burnt—one of these is a penny work put together—it has gone forth in the public press that I stole three beautiful books—Beaumont has come to my place before and changed her dress—I did not go up into the room after she had left—I looked at these things, because it was said that I had got 40l.—I took out 8s.; 5s. for one pair of boots, and 3s. for another—I was applied to by Sergeant Thompson to give evidence, about a week after the fire—I did not give him any information—I did not know anything about it—I could not say that they had done it—on the day after the fire, Beaumont seemed in a wild distracted state, as if out of her mind—I do not know that she is a woman of weak mind—I have known her many years—I believed them to be respectable till this.

MR. PARNELL. Q. Who let you out of the coffee-house? A. I think the servant—I went down Angel-street—I did not pass James-street—I never go that way home.





RICHARD AVANT
. I am assistant to Cottrill and Harrison, pawnbrokers, in Drury-lane. I produce a length of satin for a dress not made up, a remnant

of satinette, an embroidered velvet shawl, twenty-five aprons, a victorine, a pair of cuff's made of squirrel fur, a cashmere dress, and a number of dishes—they were pawned on the 19th and 21st of Aug. by Fitzgerald—the piece of black satin was pawned with another piece—she stated she only wanted a sum of money, and they were left for security—on the satin was lent 2l., and on the satinette 2l., and on this shawl, with two other articles 1l. 1s.—that is nothing like the value of the articles—she said they were going into the country, and merely wanted the money for the journey—I placed them in separate parcels for her to send for them, the officer, Thompson, has produced to me the counterparts of the duplicates—I have a number of other things pawned—the money lent on them was about one-third of their value—Thompson produced a bank-note to me—it bears my writing on it—when I paid Fitzgerald the money I gave her a 5l. note—I believe this to be the one by my writing on it.





MARY PETTIT
. My husband is a shoemaker. We live in Bell-court, Gray's-inn-lane-Mrs. Moore lives in the same house—I saw Fitzgerald on 4th Sept.—she said, "We have had a fire at our house"—I said, "Indeed"—she said, "Yes, and mistress has done it"—I said, "She had no business to do it, because she was in trade"—she said, "She gave me her clothes to pawn for 28l. "—she said she was going down stairs, and heard her mistress's young man say to her, "Get 3s. worth of powder, put it into a greasy paper, and put it under the library where the books are, and put a lucifer match to it"—she said she was going to give herself up that morning, for she knew it would be a Newgate job, and there were fourteen of them in it—she said she thought she had better give herself up before it was advertised in the paper, and she knew she should be transported—she said her mistress had promised to give her 20l., and the young man was to have 20l.—she did not say who had told about it—she said the young man would not have split against them had her mistress given him the money.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did she tell you she had been awakened that night by the ringing of the bell? A. She told me she went to bed, and was awoke by a dreadful smother, and the ringing of the bell, that she was dragged out of bed by a butcher, and two men, over the top of one or two of the houses—she was perfectly sober, but she was irritated.





CATHARINE MATTHEWS
. I am the sister of Emma Beaumont—I went with Mr. Robins to Mr. Garrett's, in Wardour-street, on 28th Aug.—Mrs. Robins brought away a parcel—it was taken to King-street, where Beaumont's brother lives—I saw it opened the next morning—it contained forty-two duplicates, and two 5l. notes—I took the parcel home with me at night, and brought, it back to my sister the next morning—my sister bad it when Mr. Pocock called—she did not give it to him, she gave it to me—I took it to my brother's, 13, King-street—my brother said, "I do not want to have anything to do with it"—I laid it on the counter—I think I left it there on Monday.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Did Beaumont tell you what it contained? A. No—I took it home, and took it to her the next morning—I said that it contained duplicates and money—she said, "That is what I pawned to pay my rent."





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant, F 11). I was present at Mr. Storr's when he took down the statement made by Fitzgerald—on the Monday after the fire, I went to Beaumont's brother's, at King-street, Long Acre—I found forty-two duplicates which relate to the clothes, and other things pawned at Messrs. Cottrill's, in Drury-lane—they are the corresponding duplicates to

those which the pawnbroker's assistant has produced—I found a flower-pot in the area—I turned it out, and found a portion of the duplicates there covered with mould—the other duplicates I found up stairs in a tin-case which was filled with sand—I produce these two pictures; one is the miniature of Beaumont, the othrr is a likeness of her sister, who is dead—I produce a 5l.-note, which has Messrs. Cottrill's assistant's writing on it—it was brought to Bow-street by Mrs. Matthews.





ANN GARRETT
. I am waitress at the Aldersgate dining-rooms, in the Minories. In May last I was in Beaumont's service, at 53, Long Acre, for about six weeks—I left her on account of her mentioning about a fire—she wished to take me to the theatre with her one night, and she said she thought she could set the man Baxter to set fire to the house while we were away—I do not know the words I used, but I refused to do it—she spoke about it two or three times in a similar manner—I gave her still the same answer, and that I wished to leave her—I was to receive a present for it, but I do not know what—the last time she spoke to me about it I told her similar to what I had said before, and that 1 should leave that day—I left that day—I do not know the day of the month; it was in June or July, I suppose—I was there about six weeks.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. When you left where did you go? A. To a lodging, in Queen-street—I have been out of a situation ever since—I have waited in the Minories—I have a husband—I spoke of this to the person I lodge with, but I did not give information to the office.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 (police-sergeant, F 14). I took Beaumont in custody at Mr. Storr's auction-rooms, on 4th Sept.—I told her she was charged with being concerned, with others, in setting fire to her house in Long Acre, on 25th Aug.—she said, "I was out at the time"—I went to Mrs. Matthews, and obtained there some dresses and aprons, a bonnet, and some papers, and receipts and bills—amongst them were receipts for the Insurance money—on the previous Saturday, I saw Beaumont and Mrs. Matthews together—I saw them go to a house in Soho, at which bouse Fry was afterwards taken.





CATHERINE MATTHEWS

re-examined. The 5l. note produced was in my sister's basket, which I took to Bow-street—I did not examine the papers; I gave the bundle as I received it from my sister—they were in the basket, I believe—they were in the same bundle with the other things.





PAUL GERRARD
. I am attached to the fire-engine department—I went to the bouse in Long Acre on the night of the fire—I was called about twenty minutes past eleven o'clock, and got there in ten minutes—I found the back part of the house, No. 53, on fire—the front-door was closed when I got there—I broke it open—I and one more walked in together-from what I saw I judged the fire had begun in the coffee-bar at the back part of the house—there were books burning; after we had extinguished the fire, we discovered them to be on the floor—all the coffee-bar was on fire all round—we afterwards noticed that there was a boiler in the fire-place, and a kettle over the gas—the gas projected from a post, and the kettle hung over it—I did not see any gas alight—I mean the kettle was hanging over where the gaslight—burner was—the wood-work all round the bar was on fire, the back-front of the window, and back of the house—the fire had scorched the shop, but it had not broken the windows in the front shop—I and my companion succeeded in putting the fire out in about a quarter of an hour—I afterwards went over the premises, and examined them carefully—in the first floor there was a pianaforte, a wardrobe, a carpet, a table and chairs in the front-room, and in the back-room a bedstead, a bed, and blankets—in the second-floor front-

room was a four-post bedstead and window-curtains, and some things in the back-room I did not examine the books that were burning in the bar at that time, but when I was there on duty, we counted them as nearly as we could, and found about 538 volumes—we could not discover what they were that were on the ground—many of them were all cinders—they were in a heap on the floor—they were torn by being flung down—as nearly as we could collect them, we did—I found a ladder on the top-floor against the cock-loft—there was no one in the house—the greater portion of the books were lying on the floor.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Were any of them on the shelves? A. Yes; there were some-in all there were about 538—I cannot tell what proportion was on the floor—there were three or four shelves on the left hand side—they were more or less scorched and burnt with the fire—the shelves on the opposite side of the bar had all fallen down—supposing the books were on those shelves, they would have fallen—under where the shelves were described to have been, I found the books; and where the shelves had not been burnt, I found books on the shelves—I could not judge how long the fire had lasted before I came—the house was very full of smoke—I could not examine whether there had been a fire recently in the bar; by the water being thrown in, we extinguished it all—the shelves were about three feet from the fire-place.





RICHARD THOMAS PUGH
. I live in Salisbury-street, Strand. I am agent to the landlord of the house in Long Acre—at the time this fire occurred, Beaumont owed 42l. rent—she had made application to me some time ago on the subject of a lease—the answer I gave her was that we could not grant one—I put in a distress on the things that were left after the fire—they were sold under that distress for 26l. 14s. 6d.—there are three landlords, Mr. John Bird is one, aud William Salter Bird another—it is trust property for eight children.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Who are the landlords now? A. I can hardly tell you that—the trustees were Mr. John Bird, Mr. William Salter Bird, and Mr. John Swinnerton Cunliff, but he has been deposed by the Court of Chancery—I was appointed by the Court to receive the rents, and Mr. Cunliffe was to sign a document.





MARLOW SIDNEY
. I am one of the attorneys for the prosecution—I served a notice on Beaumont on 14th Sept., to produce on this trial a policy of insurance effected with the Westminster Fire-office, and also a certain agreement on a 3d. stamp.

MR. CUTLER. I attend from the Westminster Fire-office—this insurance was effected at our office—this is the book in which the entry of insurance is made.





GEORGE STEPHENSON
. I was a clerk in the Westminster Fire-office when this entry in this book was made—the sum insured was 400l.—it was first effected on the 26th January, 1838, in the name of Hannah Beaumont, who was the prisoner's mother—here is in this book an assignment of it to the prisoner on 25th Jan. 1845—this indicates that the interest was vested then in Mary Ann and Emma Beaumont—I should suppose that assignment was made on the policy.

MR. CUTLER
re-examined. I made this entry of the assignment of this policy—I cannot say at the present moment whether I had the policy before me, or whether I saw it—the course of business is to enter the assignment on the policv which is brought at the time—I cannot say whether I have seen Beaumont at the office—supposing the policy to be lost or destroyed, the

effect of the entry in our book would be to pay the person whose name appeared on the entry—it is the practice of the office to endorse assignments on the policy, and to record in their book the fact of that assignment—we do not give any deed of assignment, or any separate paper—the policy stood in the came of Hannah Beaumont, and we had instructions to transfer it to Mary Ann Beaumont and Emma Beaumont—that was on the 25th Jan., 1845—the premium was paid, and the policy was transferred from Hannah Beaumont to Mary Ann Beaumont and Emma Beaumont—on the payment of another premium on 10th Feb., 1847, it was transferred to Emma Beaumont alone—this receipt—(looking at one) is in my writing, No. 81384—"Miss Emma Beaumont, to insurance of 400l. on goods received, 1l. 1s. 6d. for premium and duty."—Mr. John Hill is one of the proprietors of the Westminster Fire-office—Mr. Benjamin Elam is another, and there are other proprietors.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARKOCK. Q. How do you know Mr. Hill is a proprietor? A. From his signature in our books—they are signed by John Hill and Benjamin Elam.





GEORGE STEPHENSON

re-examined. This entry was made on 22nd Feb., 1838—Mr. Elam is a proprietor, but he is not a director, at present—Mr. John Hill was also a director at that time.





HENRY O'BRIEK
. I acted as clerk to the Magistrate, at Bow-street, when the examination of the witnesses in this case took place—after the examination, Fitzgerald was asked if she desired to say anything—it was explained to her that if she did it would be given in evidence against her—I took down what she said from her lips—this is it—(reads—"From the time I entered Miss Beaumont's service, Miss Beaumont kept me a prisoner. She told me that she was highly indebted, and that she was talking to Baxter about setting the house on fire. She would not let me speak to Mrs. Moore at all. I gave her warning to leave; she would not take my warning; she knew that I was very easily led, and she began to flatter and coax me to stay with her. She told me she was going to Australia with Baxter and her brother; that she would get a farm and land there with her insuring-money, and that if I wished it I should go with her. I refused to go. She used to go down and speak privately with Baxter; they talked very seriously together for about three weeks. Miss Beanmont has asked me to open the feather-beds, and two of them I opened for her, and filled bolsters and pillows with the feathers, and I pawned them two or three at a time by her direction. I pawned some of them at first in the name of Smith, and the others she told me to pawn in my own name, bat that I was to give a wrong address. I pawned a great many dresses, china, and other things, for Miss Beaumont. I took out a great many boxes and bundles for her. I showed Baxter the money and the duplicates for most of the things I pledged. She sent me up stairs to coax Baxter to set the house on fire, and to tell him that if he would go to Australia with her she would marry him when she got there. About two days before the fire I brought down two bedsteads by Miss Beaumont's direction, and I assisted her in chopping it up. She said she wanted to set fire to four places to destroy the whole house. On the Thursday before the fire happened, Miss Beaumont spoke seriously to him about it, and it was agreed that the house should be set on fire that night. He went away, and when he was gone Miss Beaumont sent me for a 3d. stamp. She told me to go for Baxter, and she said she wished me to be a witness that she gave him 3l. to set the house on fire that night. I went for Baxter, and I showed him. the stamp, and told him that he was to have 3l., and that he was to sign his

name to that. He said he would not du it for 50l. When I canie back, the prisoner Fry was in the coffee-room, and when Miss Beaumont came in she said she was going to the Haymarket Theatre with Fry, and that Baxter was going to set fire to the house then. When Baxter told me he would not have anything to do with it, I made myself perfectly agreeable to him. When Fry came into the bar she blew out the candle, and lowered the gas. She then went out to the Haumarket, with Fry, and then Baxter told me he would not do it for 50l., and that he would go off into the country, and he did go. She returned home about half an hour after going away. Her brother was in the coffee-room. She told me that Fry had left her, and that she felt miserable; and that thinking the house was on tire she came out to see how the place was getting on. She staid looking out for Baxter till half-past twelve o'clock, and then told me he had acted very wise not to do it that night, because it was the Opera night. She then said she would do it herself if she could not get any one else to do it. The next morning she sent me to look for Baxter. I found Baxter's late master, Mr. Davis, and he came up, and saw Miss Beaumont, and told her that he (Baxter) had gone into the country with a young man "hopping." Miss Beaumont then told me that she would try and get the prisoner Fry to do it. He (Fry) came, and had break-fast that morning, and she told him how Baxter had served her, and then said she would give him (Fry) 20l., and me 20l., if we would do it, and we both refused. She then persuaded Fry to put his name to the stamp, and she put her own name to it, and she made rue put my mark to keep the secret. She read it over. The words in that paper are the same I gave Mr. Storr. She wished Fry to sleep in the house. He refused. I heard Fry say to Miss Beaumont, 'If you get 3s. worth of gunpowder, and put it in a paper, that will blow the house up.' She said, 'Would not turpentine do better?' In the evening she told me she was going to Cremorne-gardens with Fry. In the evening Mrs. Robinson came, and she went up into the front room with Miss Beaumont and Fry; and after that Mrs. Robinson came down stairs, and took three books, and she said it was a pity they should be destroyed; and she said to me, 'Be sure to do it, and do it so that it will not be known that it was done with hands.' I told her not to be puzzling me. She said I was to be very careful how I did it. I did not answer her either way. She said she was frightened, Miss Beaumont had told it to too many, and that it would be found out. The night of the fire Miss Beaumont and Fry went to Cremorne-gardens. That night after they were gone, Baxter came to the private door, and he asked me what Miss Beaumont had said about his not setting fire to the house. I told him she said he had done very right, as it was the Opera night. He said he would not do it for 50l. I said if he did not do it somebody else would, and that perhaps I would; and I told him it was to take place either that night, or the night after. He said be never intended to do it, and he went away. I fastened up the doors. I washed a coarse apron, and then hung it up before the fire in the bar, on the back of a chair, near enough to catch fire. There were files of bills hanging round by the fire. I went up stairs to bed, and was in bed about an hour, I suppose, when the ringing and the knocking came, and I was almost smothered with the smoke. I got up, and went up the steps that Baxter had taken up stairs, and I got out through the sky-light on to the roof, and then began to cry. I was taken down, and I was afterwards taken to Beaumont's, in King-street, and there Beaumont and Fry came to me, and asked me how it took place, and I said I did not know; and Fry asked me how it took place, I said I did not know. Miss Beaumont gave me three books and a writing-desk,

and told me that if Baxter said anything I was to join her, and swear that he had stolen them. I went away from her, and saw nothing of her till the next day. She told me to say that the dresses I had pledged for her, and the china I had pledged for her, were burnt in the fire; and she also told me to say that the pictures she had given to me to take care of were burnt in the fire. She said as soon as she got the insuring-money she would go into the country, and take me wirh her. She told me to say at the Fire-office that there were two 10l.-notes, two 5l.-notes, and some gold and silver in the little box that she gave me, which there were not; for there were no 10l.-notes; there was no money at all, except a few halfpence that I had put in. She told me to say that the satin dresses were also burnt. After I came from the Fire-office we went to 53, Long Acre, and Mrs. Matthews was with us; and Beaumont said that I should come over the water with her, and Mrs. Matthews said, 'Would it not be better to have 6l. or 7l. than to be raking about.' On the Monday following I went with Beaumont to the Fire-office, and from there to her brother's, and then she told me that if I saw Baxter I was to snap my fingers at him, and that if he said anything she would charge him with stealing bird-cages, books, a desk, and carpenters' tools, and that I was to do the same; and I did not see her again until I was in custody. I met Baxter, and he told me that he would give information, and that I had better come forward and speak the truth, whatever I might suffer; for he was sure to give information. I have nothing further to say; my mistress has led me astray.—MARY JANE FITZGERALD, + her mark.—Taken before me this 13th Sept., 1848.

D. JARDINE. ")
(John Levrell, a muffin-baker, in West-street;----Holmes, of Crown-court; William Wells, a baker, James-street, Covent-garden; James Night-ingale, a servant, at King's-college; and Richard Thomas Pugh, gave Beaumont a good character.)

FRY—


NOT GUILTY
.

FITZGERALD. Aged 25.—






Transported for Seven Years
.

BEAUMONT. Aged 26.—






Transported for Fifteen Years
.
