






598. 



WILLIAM SEVIER,



 GEORGE SCULLARD
, and 



ANN GILLINS
, were again indicted, with 



SAMUEL LOGAN



, for breaking and entering the dwelling of 



Thomas Eastman Pryce, at 
Camberwell, and stealing 11 shirts, and other articles, value 7l.; his property: and 1 shawl, 1s.; the goods of 



Eliza Ongley: to which


SCULLARD pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZA PRYCE
. I live with my father, Thomas Eastman Pryce, of Old Kent-road, in the parish of Camberwell. On the night of 16th Dec. my father's house was broken open—on the morning of the 17th I missed a basket of clothes from the back kitchen—the sheets, and other things produced, are my father's.





ELIZA ONGLEY
. I am in the service of Mr. Pryce. On the night of 16th Dec, when I went to bed, I left the house all fast—when I came down next morning I found the back window open and Miss Pryce's desk broken open—I missed two baskets of linen out of the front kitchen, I had seen them safe the night before—I missed a silver mustard-spoon and my own shawl, some boots, and some table-linen off a horse in the kitchen—I examined a gate at the bottom of the garden, and it was broken—there were iron bars outside the window, and they were wrenched out.





THOMAS HOGG
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker, at Lambeth. I produce a table-cloth and shirt pawned by Scullard in the name of John Farmer; also three shirts pawned on 18th Dec. in the name of Smith, I cannot say by whom; and a table-cloth, pawned on 26th Dec by the female prisoner, in the name of Ann Gillins—I have another parcel, pawned by her, which has not been identified.






HENRY WINCH
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker in St. George's Circus. I have three bedgowns pawned by a female on 18th Dec. in the name of Ann Davis, I cannot say by whom—I have a shift and table-cover, pawned on 27th Dec. in the name of John Davis, by Scullard.





JAMES BURTON
 (policeman, M 272.) I searched Sevier's room, and found the two duplicates relating to the shift and table-cover, and the three bedgowns in the table-drawer—Scullard and Logan lodged there—Sevier said he gave them shelter a short time—I found this sheet amongst the other bed-clothes in Sevier's room—these two pillow-cases, with the name of Pryce marked on them, and a handkerchief, were found in a box in the room which was not locked—Gillins was not there when we found these things—she was there in the morning—we brought her out, and then went back and searched the room.





GEORGE WILD
 (policeman, M 94.) I went on 30th Dec. to Sevier's—I found four duplicates; one in the name of Ann Gillins for A table-cloth, and one in the name of Ann Smith—I found two night-shirts—Gillins said they were all her own things; I need not trouble to take them out of the box—I got this shawl from Gillins's back in Horsemonger-lane gaol.





ELIZA ONGLEY

re-examined. This is my shawl.

Gillins's Defence. I did not say the things were mine; I said I did not know anything about the things; I pawned the table-cloth, but did not know it was stolen; the shawl was given me; the other things were left, I do not know by whom.

Sevier's Defence. Receiving the things I allow, but there were no things brought to my place till about 19th Dec.





ELIZA PRYCE

re-examined. The shirt that Logan has got on now belongs to my cousin—it was in our house that night and was lost.
----LOGAN. I am the mother of Logan. This shirt I have hadgiven me by a lady who has been in the habit of supplying me with clothes for my children—I have five children, and am living apart from my husband, who has starved us and ill-used us—this shirt is not Miss Pryce's, unless my son has changed it since he has been in prison—the shirt was marked with a "W," but the mark was picked out by myself.

SEVIER—



GUILTY
of receiving.—



Transported for Ten Years;



GILLINS—


GUILTY
of receiving
.—




Confined Six Months
. LOGAN—


NOT GUILTY
.
