



1564. 




WILLIAM MARCHANT
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering, on the 
13th of May, an order for the payment of 11l. 10s.; with intent to defraud 



George Howard.






GEORGE HOWARD
. I keep the Half Moon public-house, West Smith-field. On the 3rd of May the prisoner came to lodge with me, and staid about ten nights—he said he was a dealer in cattle—5s. was due to me from him—he tendered me the cheque now produced in payment.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Is there any mark by which you know that to be the same cheque? A. Yes—the red ink mark which was made at the Bank—it was not on it when I first saw it—I first presented it to a Mr. Slater, who I supposed to be the person it belonged to—I received it on the 14th of May—on the 15th I gave it to my waiter to tike to the Bank—he brought it back to me, and I kept it in my possession till the prisoner was taken, when I gave it to the police—I am quite sure this is the cheque the prisoner gave me—(read.—"36, Nicholas-lane, London, May 13th, 1841. Masterman, Peters, Mildred, Masterman, and Co., pay to Mr. William Peters, or bearer, the sum of 11l. 10s. Charles Slater, Knightsbridge.")—I do not know any person named Charles Slater—my waiter is not here—there was no red ink on the cheque when I gave it to him—I showed the cheque to a person named Thomas Slater, a butcher, at Kensington—the prisoner gave me this cheque in payment of the 5s. be owed me—he gave it me about ten o'clock in the evening, after banking hours—he remained with me during that evening—I cashed it for him, and gave him 9l. all but 5s., which was all I had by me—he went out and returned in the course of the evening—after he returned, I expressed some doubts about the cheque, and wished I had not taken it—he said I need not put myself in any trouble about it, he would give me back the money, and he gave me back 7l. 10s. next day, saying it was all he had left, he had paid away the remainder—I gave the cheque to my waiter with some directions—he returned between eleven and twelve, and the prisoner was then told it was a forgery—I do not recollect that he said he would go and look after Slater—I would not let him leave—I kept him in the bar parlour, but he got away—I called the police, but he was not taken for a week after—to the best of my recollection the prisoner told me that Slater had paid him the cheque in payment for a pony he had sold him—I do not know that he had a black pony—I never saw it—he never asked me to deal with him for a pony to my recollection—he offered to lend me a horse, but I did not accept the offer—he talked about having a horse and chaise.

COURT. Q. How do you know this is the same cheque you received from the prisoner, and gave your waiter? A. By the notice I took of it before I gave it to my waiter—I took notice of the No. 35, Nicholas-lane—that

is all that I know it by—I made no mark on it—I did not show it to the prisoner when the waiter brought it back, to my recollection—it is the same cheque.





THOMAS BRAND
. I am cashier at Messrs. Masterman's—this cheque was presented about a fortnight or three weeks ago—no person named Slater keeps an account with us—I do not know this signature—I never saw it—this writing in red ink was done on the back at our house.

Cross-examined. Q. Does it not sometimes happen that money from the country is paid in to the account of persons who have no account themselves at your house, and then they draw for it? A. Very often.

COURT. Q. Did you receive any advice from any of your correspon-dents in the countsry, that such a sum had been paid in? A. No, and this cheque could not have been given for such a purpose, because we have a rule of getting a red cheque on such occasions.





JOHN EVANS
 (City police-constable, No. 283.) I apprehended the prisoner on the 21st of May, walking in Fleet-street, in the day time—I took him to the station, searched him, and found on him this cheque for 11l.—(This cheque was dated May 19th, 1841, for 11l. drawn by William I gleby on Masterman's.)

MR. BRAND
re-examined. No such person as William Ingleby keeps any account at our house—these two cheques have been taken from the same hook—they are consecutive numbers, 1092, 109$, with the same letter—I have referred to our book to know who has received cheques from us, and this book was given out some three or four years ago to a cus-tomer, who now does not keep any account with us—I have not a doubt that these two signatures are written by the same person—the bodies of the cheques are fac-similes, and I should say the signatures are the same handwriting.





THOMAS WOODRUFF
. I am a police-inspector. I have made inquiries at Knightsbridge, and cannot find any such party as Charles Slater—there are several Slaters there, but no Charles Slater.




GUILTY
 of uttering. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
