



1751. 




HENRY FORD
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




George Beavitt, about the hour of one in the night of the 
3rd of June, at the 
Liberty of the Rolls, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1lb. weight of cheroots, value 10s.; 4 half-crowns, 8 shillings, 4 sixpences, 72 pence, 28 halfpence, his property.






GEORGINA BEAVITT
. I am the daughter of George Beavitt, who keeps a public-house in Carey-street, Chancery-lane, in the Liberty of the Rolls—it is carried on by me and my sisters and brother—my father may be considered the landlord—he does not take any active part in the business—he lives in the house—he pays the rent and taxes—on Friday night, the 3rd of June, my father and I retired to bed about half-past twelve o'clock—my mother was up—the doors and windows were fastened—I held the light while my father fastened the doors—between one and two in the morning, I was awoke by the police knocking at the shutters—I came down—the street door was open—I examined the till, and missed some silver and halfpence, and some cheroots from a shelf in the bar—they were my father's property—I found a gouge lying on the ground in the bar, by the side of the till—I had not seen that before—the cellar-flap was unfastened—it was bolted overnight—by getting through that, a person could easily get into the house.





JOHN KERSWELL
. I live at No. 4, Colwell-court, Tottenham-court-road. I have known the prisoner for six or eight months—he asked me to lend him a chisel on the 2nd or 3rd of June—I told him I had not one to spare, but if he would come down to the shop to me, I would lend him what would suit him, and he did—I lent him a gouge, and a parting tool—this is the gouge, or one like it—I cannot swear positively that this is

it, because I was cautioned of it at the police-court, but it was this, or one like it that I lent him—he never returned it to me.

Prisoner. It was on the 1st of June I borrowed the tool of him; I do not know what it was, but I can swear this is not it.





MART PEARSON
. I am an unfortunate girl, and live at No. 2, Shire, lane. On Friday night, the 3rd of June, between twelve and o'clock, I was going along the Strand, and met the prisoner—he tapped me on the shoulder—I asked him to treat me—he said he had no money, but he would see me presently, and would treat me, he was going to receive his wages—about two o'clock I saw him again in the Strand—he said he had money then—I went to a public-house with him, and then to a coffee. shop in Tottenham-court-road—he had a bundle with him with some cigars in it—I had some coffee with him—he had some copper money—I saw him change 6s. worth of copper into silver—he said he had most of his wages in coppers—he staid with me till three o'clock next day.

Prisoner,. You robbed me of 15s.; you made me drunk, and then took the money out of my pocket.Witness,. It is no such thing—there was another young woman with me.





GEORGE BOLTON
. I keep a coffee-house, No. 140, Tottenham-court road. On the morning of the 4th of June, the prisoner and Pearson came to my house—he paid me his reckoning in copper, and asked me if I would take them, as he had received his wages in copper money—I said I would give him silver for them—he gave me 6s. worth, and I gave him two half-crowns and one shilling for them—I heard him say to the female, "Here, just catch hold of this bundle of cigars while I get a light," but I did not see them, as I was in the bar, and he was in the front part of the shop.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (police-constable F 39.) On Wednesday morning, the 7th of June, I apprehended the prisoner in Westminster—I told him what I apprehended him for—he said," Oh, that be d——d," made use of a very blackguard expression, and said no one could prove that he had done it, as no one bad seen him in the house.





GEORGINA BEAVITT

re-examined. This is the gouge that was found in the morning when we came down.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Transported for Ten Years.
