



889. 




THOMAS STONEMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of February, 1 saddle, value 2l. 10s.; and 2 bridles, value 10s.; the goods of 



Frederick Mattam.—2nd COUNT, for stealing 1 saddle, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 



Francis Henry Dyke: 1 bridle, value 5s., the goods of 



Alexander Gordon: and 1 bridle, value 5s. the goods of 



Frederick Mattam.






FREADERICK MATTAM
. I am a livery-stable keeper, in Brook-street, Piccadilly. A saddle of Mr. Francis Henry Dykes, and a bridle of Mr. Alexander Gordon's, were left in my charge—about the 18th of February I missed the saddle, and on the 22nd I was told there was a saddle and two bridles at a certain place—I went home, and missed my own bridle, but I did not miss Mr. Gordon's bridle till I saw it—these are the articles—(examining them)—I can identify them all—I know the prisoner—he was coachman to Sir Frederick French, who kept his horses with me at livery.





WILLIAM SPENDLOVE
. I am a saddler and harness-maker. On a Wednesday, (I believe, the 12th of February,) the prisoner came to me about seven o'clock in the evening—he said, "Is your name Old John?"—I said, "There is no Old John here, my name is William"—I shut the door in his face—in about five minutes he came again, and said, "Don't you buy bridles and saddles?"—I said, "Why?"—he said, "I was recommended to you by Mr. Thomas's ostler"—I said, "I know Mr. Thomas's ostler, but I shan't buy any thing of you to-night"—I afterwards saw Mr. Thomas's ostler, and I asked him if he had sent any body to me, he said, "Yes"—the prisoner came to me again, and I bought these two bridles of him for 10s.—(the bits of them are worth the money)—he then said, "I have got a saddle to sell, but I lent it to a person, and I will bring it on Saturday"—on the Saturday he came, and brought this saddle—I asked what he wanted for it—he said, "2l. 5s."—I said, "How came you by these things?"—he said, "They were given to me by my late master, I live at No. 39, Adam-street"—I sent my daughter to see it was right, and I gave him the 2l. 5s.—on the Wednesday after he came to me again, and said, "That saddle and two bridles were in pawn for 30s., and the man is not satisfied with the money you gave me"—I said, "You told me they were your own, bring me my 2l. 15s., and take them away"—he said, "I am going with ray master to the levee, and I will come in the evening"—he came in the evening, and said, "The young dog is satisfied"—but as I was not satisfied myself, I took the saddle to a saddle-maker's, who told me it was made for Mr. Dyke—I left the saddle and bridles with him—on the Saturday following I went in search of the prisoner—I found him at home—I said to him, "Those bridles and the saddle are not right, they are stolen," and off he went, I never could set eyes on him till the Friday following, when he was taken.





JOHN NIBBS
 (police-constable D 145.) I apprehended the prisoner in his own house—I said I wanted him on suspicion of stealing two bridles and a saddle from Mr. Mattam—he made no answer.






JOHN CAZALEATIS
. I am ostler to Mr. Mattam. I know the prisoner—I never lent him this saddle, nor bridles, nor authorized him to take them—one of the bridles was not locked up, the other was—I have given the prisoner the key to get any thing that was wanted.

Prisoner. Did you not lend me a bridle? Witness. No, nonsense, it is a likely thing I should lend him a gentleman's bridle—I did not.

Prisoner. Yes, he did, I bad but one, that was dirty, and he lent me one to go and exercise a horse—I had been in great distress, and sold every thing I bad—I had a wife and two children to keep—though I was in Sir Frederick French's service it was only for a fortnight—I beg for mercy.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

