



381. 




HENRY POTTER



, stealing 1 lamb, value 1l. 10s.; the goods of 



Thomas Smith.


MR. PAYANE
conducted the Prosecution






GEORGE HUNT
 (policeman, R 65.) On Saturday night, 27th Nov., about twelve o'clock, I was on duty at Mottingham, in Kent, and saw the prisoner and one Williams in a field, near the Porcupine-inn, coming towards the stable where they slept—I got the assistance of another officer, and knocked at the stable door about two o'clock on the Sunday morning—the prisoner opened it—I asked what he had done in coming across the field that night—he said, "What field?"—I said he knew what field—he was making his way off—I told him to stop. and not to go away—Sole went in, and I took the prisoner in, and found on the corn-bin, the carcass of a lamb, skinned, and the head off—it was quite warm, as if lately killed—no one else was in the stable—the field I had seen the prisoner coming over is between the stable and the field where the lambs were kept—he was coming in a direction from

where the lambs were kept—it was rather round from the field, but if he had come the other way he must have come past the farm.

Prisoner. Q. Had I anything with me? A. I cannot say that you had—you went to the stable—you were dressed when I went.

Prisoner. A man that sleeps on straw would not take his clothes off.





GEORGE SOLE.
 (police-sergeant R 41.) About three o'clock on that Sunday morning, I went to the stable with Hunt—I saw the prisoner open the door—I went by him, looked in, and saw the carcase of a lamb on the corn-bin—I put my hand on it, found was warm—I said, "Hold tight, he has got a sheep"—I took from his pocket this knife, it was bloody, and had some flesh on it—I asked him how he accounted for the sheep being there—he did not answer—I took a piece of flesh from the heel of his boot—there was blood on his boot and inside the leg of his trowsers—I took him to the station, went back, went to a dung-hill about three yards from the stable, and found some loose dung—I moved it and found the entrails of a lamb, quite warm—I traced steps from one field to the other for a quarter of a mile in the direction of William's—I found a piece of newly dug ground—I moved it, and found a grafting-tool and a spade—I got a man to dig, and I found the skin of a lamb—I found a quantity of blood behind a hay-rick, near the stable, apparently where the lamb had been killed.





THOMAS SMITH.
 I am a farmer and cattle salesman, at Bromley. At the station-house at Lee I saw the skin of a lamb which had been in my care—I saw the carcass, I matched the joints with the skin, and am able to say it was the skin of the lamb found in the stable—it exactly matched it, and there was a mark of an anchor on the left shoulder of the skin.





JHON STRINGER SMITH.
 I am the son of Thomas Smith—I knew the skin of the lamb—there were forty-seven lambs in the fields on the Saturday, and on Monday there were only forty-six.

Prisoner's Defence. I have no knowledge how the lamb came in the stable; I only went in to lie down.




GUILTY. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

