




1302. 



EDWARD HOLLAND
 and 




AUGUSTA PECK



, stealing 1 bed, 2 pillows, and 1 bolster, value 1l. 6s.; the goods of 



Edward Clare Flower; Peck having been before convicted.






RUTH FLOWER
. I am the wife of Edward Clare Flower, of North-street, Lissongrove—we let out the next door, No. 26, in lodgings. On 7th April, Peck took a furnished room there of me, for herself and husband—she came to live there—Holland came backwards and forwards, but I do not know that he ever slept there—I never spoke to them together—when she had been there four weeks, on a Sunday morning, I went in, and asked her for the rent—she paid me 4s., leaving 2s. due; she said she would bring that in directly—when she opened the door, I caught sight of the place where the bedstead ought to be; I do not know whether it was there—I asked her where my bedstead was—she said she had got it down to paint it, and aaid, "Look at my apron, it is all over paint"—I said that it did not want painting, and I must see the room—she said, "You cannot, as he is dressing"—I saw no more of her—on the Monday, between nine and ten o'clock, I went to see the room—the door was locked—I got in by a key, which I got from one of my own doors, and found Peck and everything gone—I. saw her again at the station in less than an hour—I afterwards went to Mr. Gregory's, a broker, in Earl-street, and saw a table, bedstead, bolster, and two pillows, which were mine, and the same that were in the room.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You did not see Holland there more than twice? A. Yes, three or four times, in the evening time.





CLARA GREGORY
. I am the wife of Thomas Gregory, of Earl-street, Lisson-grove. Peck fetched me to 26, North-street, to look at some goods she said she was going to sell—I went and bought a feather bed, bolster, and two pillows—she and Holland brought them to my house the same evening—I am quite sure he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. You made the bargain with Peck? A. Yes; and afterwards paid her the money; the man was outside at the time—I said before the Magistrate I could almost swear the prisoner was the man, and I also said I had not the least doubt—I had never seen him before—he had a jacket on, and light trowsers—I came home while they were there—I then went next door to get change to pay them—the whole thing occupied a very short time; they waited some time before I got there.






THOMAS GREGORY
. I remember receiving a bed, bolster, and two pillows—Peck came with the bed, and Holland brought it up and put it in my parlour—I have seen Peck before at my shop, but I have never seen Holland—I swear to him from a recollection of his face, and the peculiar methodic had of spitting on the floor, which made me notice him—I bought the things—my wife made the bargain while I was out at work—this pillow (produced) is one of those they brought.

Cross-examined. Q. How was the man dressed? A. In a short dark jacket and dark trowsers,





ARCHIBALD JOHN KNIGHT
 (policeman, B 278). On 7th May I found Peck concealed under a mattress, on the floor, at a house in Devonshire-street—I told her I had come to take her for stealing some things from Mrs. Flower, in North-street—she said the things were at a broker's, in Earl-street—Holland was not present.





BENJAMIN WEST
 (policeman, A 378). I took Holland, and told him the charge—at first he said he did not know anything about it—in going to the station he said it was no more than he had been expecting.

Cross-examined. Q. The woman had been taken before? A. Yes; I believe she was taken on the Monday—I took him at about half-past nine o'clock on Tuesday night—the bed has not been found.





RUTH FLOWER

re-examined. My husband gave 2l. 10s. for the bed—Mr. Gregory sent it to an auction-room, where it was sold—this pillow is mine





JAMES GOODEY
. I produce a certificate (read—Augusta Peck, Convicted Feb., 1845, of stealing four beds and pillows, confined three months)—I was present; Peck is the person.

HOLLAND—


NOT GUILTY
.

PECK—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years. (See page 189.)
