




1179. 




JOHN TAPSON
 and 



JOHN BEARD
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 portmanteau, value 5s.; 2 gowns, 6l.; 1 cloak, 3l. 10s.; I purse, 6d.; 2 shifts, 9s.; 1 night-gown, 5s.; 1 night-cap, 2s.; 3 pairs of stockings, 6d.; 2 handkerchiefs, 3s. 6d.; 2 slips, 5s.; 1 pair of gloves, 1s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, 4s.; 9 caps, 1l. 2s. 6d.; 1 scarf, 4s.; j yard of velvet, 10 1 dressing-case, 5s.; 2 razors, 10s.; 1 strop, Ss.; 1 tooth-brush, 1s.; 2 combs, 3. 6d.; and 2 hair-brushes, 6s. 6d.; the goods of the 

Great Western Railway Company; and that Tapson had been previously convicted of felony.






DAVID WILLIAMS
. I live in Brecknockshire, and am a draper. On the 31st of March I and my daughter were passengers by the Great Western Railway from Gloucester—we got to Paddington at half-past eight o'clock in the evening, and then missed a portmanteau, which had on it the words, "Miss Williams, passenger"—the portmanteau now produced is it—that

address is not on it now—the portmanteau was placed in the luggage-box—the contents were principally articles of dress belonging to my daughter, worth about 15l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. There was no watch in it? A. No—I packed a watch in it before I started, but I took some linen out, and it appears I took the watch out with it—it was left behind by mistake.





SARAH WILLIAMS
. I accompanied my father to London, and when I got to London my portmanteau was missing—it had on it, "Miss Williams, passenger," which my father wrote.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Was it on a paper or card? A. A card tied on—I saw it put into the luggage-van at Swindon.





MARY ELIZABETH WEATHERDON
. I am the daughter of Robert Weatherdon, of Palace New-road, Lambeth—he is a tailor. I knew the prisoner Tapson at Launceston, in Cornwall—I had a very slight knowledge of him—I had seen him when I was there with some friends—about a week before the 31st of March he came to my father's house—he said he had seen me at my friends, and came to let me know how they were—he asked if we could recommend him a lodging—we said he might have a bed at our house, and he stopped—on Tuesday, the 31st of March, he said he was going out, and would take my little brother, and bring him home in the evening; that he was going to meet my cousins, who live at Launceston, and were coming by the railway, and he should bring them to our house—I was not aware they were coming up—their name is May—he went out with my little brother, Edwin, a little after ten o'clock—I did not see him again till a quarter past ten o'clock at night—I went out in the afternoon, and returned at a quarter past ten—Tapson was then up stairs at my father's house, and the prisoner Beard was down in the kitchen—my brother Edwin was at home—Tapson came down stairs in about a quarter of an hour—he said he could not get the key to fit his box, and he should be obliged to cut it—he had got a knife before I came home—he said this in Beard's presence, and Beard asked if he had got any cream—he said no, they had not sent anything of the kind—he had cut the box open then—when Tapson was up stairs Beard said he wished he would make haste and come down, for he wanted to get home—he remained about a quarter of an hour after that in the kitchen—a few words passed, and then he left—he said as he left that he should try and get Tapson in to hear the trials at this Court next morning—Beard was quite a stranger to me before—I am sure he is the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. I believe Tapson's father is a very respectable man in Cornwall? A. Yes—he was at his father's—I know he has property there himself—I had some reason to expect Mr. May, one of my cousins, in town—Tapson knew him—Tapson had told me he expected his luggage from Cornwall—he brought none with him, it was somewhere down at Woolwich—a few days after he came to our house he showed a letter from his father, and said he expected some things up, and he rather thought it would be some cream—he did not mention anything but cream—he promised to let us have some—my brother is eight years old—he is a sharp boy—my cousins came to town next day, and are in town—they do not reside with us—I see them constantly.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I believe you had never seen Beard before that day? A. No, nor after, till he was in custody—he never came to make inquiry at our house—I saw him in the kitchen when I came home—he did not go up stairs at all—my father was in the kitchen with him—Tapson was up stairs when Beard said, he wished he would make haste—he left about a quarter of an hour after Tapson came down—or not quite so long—

Tapsondid not go away that evening—Beard went alone, and did not lake anything with him—I did not see the portmanteau—Tapson said, he had met Beard at his brothers, and he accompanied him to the railway—Beard was not present.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you hear from Tapson that he had been living for three months before at Woolwich, before he came to you? A. Yes—he never mentioned wearing apparel or anything, but cream coming from hit father—I know his father very well, but know nothing of him.





EDWIN WEATHERDON
. I am eight years old, and live with my father at Palace New-road, Lambeth—I went out with Tapson on Tuesday the 31st of March, in the morning—I remember going to a place where there it a large archway—Tapson took me to the Ship public-house, near the archway—we staid out all day—he changed a coat at the Ship—he took me to Covent-garden market—we left there about four or five o'clock—Tapson took a cab, and we went in it to Mr. Beard's, which is a large coachmaker's-yard or place—I do not know where—the prisoner Beard was there—we staid there a quarter of an hour—Beard came away with us—we went to a beer-shop, and had something to drink—Beard came away with us—he said, "I will go with you"—we left the beer-shop—after I left I became sick in the cab from the drink—they walked a little way from the beer-shop, then got into a cab, and rode to the Great Western Railway—they talked together as they went—I do not know what they said—we all got out at the railway, and the cab waited for us—we staid there about half an hour—I saw Davey and Myers the porters there—the prisoners spoke to them—they had some beer together in the lamp-room at the railway—when the train came up, Beard called out May, May, several times—Tapson was then up higher, picking out the portmanteau—I was with him—Beard was two or three carriages off—Tapson picked the portmanteau from one of the carriages, and said to me, "Come, take hold of it a little way," which I did, and he held the other end—we carried it to Beard—then he took hold of it, and they carried it to the cab which was waiting outside—they put it into the cab, we all got in, and rode to the New Inn, Edg-ware-road—they got out, and went into the beer-shop, drank something, and then came out again—then we all rode home to my father's house at Lambeth—they came in together—the servant took the portmanteau in—the coachman told her to do it—she took it down stairs, and put it by the kitchen door—it was such a portmanteau as the one produced—when the cab man was gone, Tapson took the portmanteau up stairs into his room, and I then went to bed—I showed Collard the different places I recollected Tapson to have gone to that day.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did anybody besides Collard go with you to the places? A. Yes—that gentleman (the solicitor)—they took me to the places—I had described the places before—there was a good deal of drink taken at each of those places—we did not go to four or five places—they drank some ale and gin—I drank a little, which made me sick—I do not know whether Tapson was tipsy when we got to the railway—I never looked at him to see—I do not remember his falling asleep when we were coming home in the cab—I was not asleep in the cab—they did not drink at quite every place where they stopped—Tapson had not told me where he was going when he went out—I know Mr. May—he told me he was going to meet them at the railway—he did not say anything to me about expecting a portmanteau himself—I heard him say he expected something from the country from his father—he said he was going to the railway to get some cream—I never heard him say he expected a parcel also.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You never saw Beard before?


A. No—when the train came in, he went up towards the carriages shouting out "May!"—that was the name of the people we expected—it was one of the open trains—a great number of people came up by it—I went out early with Tapson, at ten o'clock—I went to Mr. Beard's, a carriage-maker, somewhere in Clerkenwell—I went there with the officer afterwards—when I was there, I saw the prisoner Beard for the first time—there was a woman and a man there—I did not hear the woman introduce Beard to Tapson—I did not hear anything said about who Tapson was—when I and Tapson went in, the prisoner Beard was standing—the woman was making tea—there was another man there, Mr. Beard—Tapson said, "How do you do, sir?"—I am not quite sure the prisoner Beard was standing up when I came in—the "How do you do?" was said to the man who was in the room—he said it to both of them—he only said it once—he shook bands with one of them, and I think with both, but I have not a very distinct recollection of that—I have told all that took place—I did not hear Mrs. Beard introduce Tapson to the prisoner Beard as a person who knew some friends of theirs at Launceston—I never heard Launceston or Devonshire mentioned—I did not hear the country mentioned—I did not hear the friends spoken of that were at Launceston—I was in the room with Tapson and Beard the whole time, until I left the house—I was there about ten minutes—I do not know what they were talking about—I do not recollect the conversation—I cannot recollect whether Launceston was spoken of or not—they went off together—perhaps Mrs. Beard told him to go—I recollect nothing of her telling him to go—I never heard Tapson ask him to go—I do not recollect who went first—Tapson gave roe some drink—he paid for some of it—some other people gave me some.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did Beard pay for any of the drink? A. Yes, it appeared to me at Beard's brother's house that Tapson and Beard did not know one another—I have not had any thing to drink to-day—I had often been to Beard's house before with Tapson—I have taken tea there—I had not seen Tapson at his brother's house before.





ELIZABETH CURTIS
. I was servant to Mr. Weatherdon. On the 31st of March last, I saw Tapson in the middle of the day—he came again in the evening in a cab, there was a person, with him—I cannot say that Beard is the man, I know his voice, but not his person—he was a very tall man, taller than the other prisoner—the cabman gave me a portmanteau at the door—I took it down stairs to the kitchen door—Mr. Tapson carried it up stairs to his room—toon after he asked me for a knife, which I gave him—I saw him at half-, past six next morning—he went out—he had a small bundle with him—he returned in about half an hour—he was not ten minutes in the house before he went out again, and carried out a large bundle then—he came back and went out a third time at about half-past seven o'clock—he went out four times—he did not take anything out the third time—he came home to breakfast—the last time he went out was about ten o'clock that morning.





JOSEPH DAVEY
. I am a constable of the Great Western Railway. On Tuesday, the 31st of March, a little before eight o'clock at night, I saw the two prisoners on the platform of the railway together—I did not see them arrive—the little boy was with them—the train came in at eight o'clock—Tapson told me he expected to meet a friend by the eight o'clock train, and asked me the time it arrived, and what time they left the different stations—he continued in conversation with me until nearly the time that the cheap train came in—I am not sure that Beard spoke to me at all, but he was in conversation with Tapson, and heard what passed between us—after the train came in Tapson said his friends had not arrived, and most likely they would

arrive by the next train, which was half an hour after that, and asked me when it would arrive—I told him—after that Tapson said I had been very civil in giving him all the information I could, and asked me to take a glass of ale—I accepted his invitation, we had the ale in the lamp room—Beard was with us and partook of it—we were not more than five minutes in the lamp-room—the train came in—a man calls out when it is in sight—I did not see either of the prisoners afterwards.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. A train arrived while they were there? A. The eight o'clock train did—when the trains arrive the porters take the lug-gage off the vans, and put it on the ground—that is not my duty—there is a barrier for the passengers to claim their luggage at—I did not hear "May" called out—Tapson showed me a letter, and said, "I expect this friend, this is a letter from him." JOHN WILLIAM MYERS. I am a porter at the Great Western Railroad. On the 31st of March I was in the lamp room and remember Davey bringing the two prisoners in there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did you hear May called out? A. No, I was not on the platform.





WILLIAM AYRES
. I am shopman to Mr. Foyle, a pawnbroker, in the Westminster-road. On Wednesday, the 1st of April, a few minutes after seven o'clock, the prisoner Tapson came to the shop, and brought a satin dress, a black satin pelisse, with a cape to it—I valued them at from 8l. to 10l.—he asked for 16s. on them—that created my suspicion—I asked him whose they were—he said they were his own, that a young woman gave them to him a fortnight ago—I asked him where he lived—he said at Gravesend—I asked him the reason of his coming all the way from Gravesend with them—he said he slept with a friend in Red Lion-street the night before—I asked him the reason he came all the way from Red Lion-street, Holborn—he said he came with his friend to Charing-cross, and just came over the bridge to pledge them—I said I should be justified in detaining them till I inquired further into it—he said something about law to me, and I sent the boy after a policeman—he went away before the policeman arrived, leaving the things—when the policeman came he went after the prisoner, but could not find him, and about half-past nine, or a quarter to ten, the prisoner returned—I asked why he left the things behind him—he said he had been to acquaint a friend of the circumstances he was placed in, as he did not wish to be locked up—the boy was gone after a policeman then the second time—Tapson was talking to Mr. Foyle, and said a young woman gave them to him the day before to pledge for her—she had come out of the country, and spent more money than she ought to have done, having been seeing the gaieties of London, and he being a friend, she gave them to him to pledge for her—Radford, the officer, came in and took him.





THOMAS WILLIAM RADFORD
 (police-constable L 52.) On Wednesday, the 1st of April, I went to Foyle's shop, in the Westminster-bridge-road, and saw a satin dress, a polka, and a cape there—I went a second time, and saw the prisoner Tapson there—I asked him where he got the dresses from—he said he got them from a Miss Cater—I asked where Miss Cater lived—he said at St. John's Wood—I said, "St. John's Wood is a large place, can you tell me the name of the street, or the number?"—he said he could not—I took him to the station—he stated there that he slept with Miss Cater's bro-ther the previous night—I asked him where Mr. Cater resided—he said in a court leading from St. Paul's down the hill, he could not tell exactly where—he gave me the name of the court—I found out No. 4, Stationer's-court—I

made inquiry there, returned, and told the prisoner all he had told me was false—he made some answer to that, I do not recollect what—I searched him, and found a green silk purse, 2l., 3s., a fourpenny piece, and 14 1/2 d. in copper, three duplicates, a pair of silk stockings, a pair of black silk gloves, and some papers, with the name of "Mr. Weatherdon, 16, Palace New-road," on one of them, and "Mr. Beard, 77, Basinghall-street," on another—I went to Palace New-road, and received the portmanteau which I have produced to-day—I found it empty, except a scarf in it—the lock was as it is now, as if cut with a knife—some days afterwards, in consequence of what I heard I went to the Great Western Railway station, and accompanied Collard to No. 77, Basinghall-street, and there found the prisoner Beard—Collard took him into custody, and brought him out of the house—I accompanied him in a cab to the station—when he was in the cab he asked Mr. Collard what his charge was—Collard informed him he was charged with Tapson with stealing a portmanteau from the Great Western Railroad—he said he could bring four or five witnesses to prove he was not out of Basinghall-street that night—Mr. Collard had mentioned the day to him—he denied all knowledge of Tapson—he said he knew nothing at all of him whatever—we found one of these duplicates related to the property stolen—we all went to Weatherdon's together, and Beard there denied all knowledge of having been there before.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. He said he did not recognize the house, did not he? A. Yes—he afterwards admitted that he did—Weatherdon's house has not two doors—it is not a corner house—I think it is the corner house but one—I believe there is an area—I do not think there is an area-gate—I did not notice it—I took him to the door of the house at night—I do not recollect that he recognized the house when he got into it—it was afterwards, when he was at the station—I took him into the passage of the house first, then up stairs into the drawing-room—we did not go into the kitchen—I took him into custody between eight and nine o'clock, I think—he appeared to have been drinking a good deal—he was very uneasy and very violent in the cab—I had some difficulty in restraining him—when he was brought into the cab, he sat there some short time—he sat in front of me—he kept hitting his hand up and down, and striking me on my knee repeatedly with his fist and with his open hand—Mr. Collard came in—he said, "I should like to ask what I am here for, what my charge is?"—Collard told him it was on suspicion of being concerned with a man named Tapson, on the Great Western Railway, and stealing a portmanteau on the Tuesday previous—I am not certain he said on the 31st of March—to the best of my recollection, Tuesday was mentioned, but I cannot say he said the previous Tuesday—I cannot swear it was—he said he was not out of Basinghall-street all that day, and could prove it—I do not recollect that Tapson's name was mentioned again to him when he was at the station—the following day he said he recollected Tapson—he was drank—he said he had been at the Great Western Railway that day from Windsor.





ROBERT WEATHERDON
. I am the father of the two witnesses, and lire at Palace New-road. The prisoner Tapson came to my house in March, and remained there some days before the occurrence about the portmanteau—I remember his coming home that evening in a cab—the prisoner Beard was with him—Tapson introduced him to me as his friend.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where did the cab set down? A. At my house—he came into the kitchen, and Tapson went up stairs—Beard was there very near an hour altogether—he appeared to take no interest in what was going on up stairs, but only felt a desire to depart—he did not remain five minutes after Tapson came down—I am quite certain he never

went up stairs—Tapson came down and told me he had cut open the box, as he was leaving the room—he remained up stairs about three-quarters of an hour.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did Tapson expect something from hit brother from the country? A. Yes, he had stated so when he came in on this evening—he was drunk—I expected the Mays—they came on the fol-lowing evening—Tapson's family are quite respectable: my daughters know them.





FRANCIS JAMES HARRISON
. On the 31st of March and the 1st of April I was in the service of Whistler and Edwards, pawnbrokers, in the Strand. On Wednesday, the 1st of April, the prisoner Tapson came about eight or half-past eight o'clock in the morning—our house is about a mile from the Westmi-ster-road—he brought a bundle—I believe this to be the same—here is a muslin dress, three pairs of drawers, two pairs of stockings, ten caps, a shift, a night-dress, a large worked velvet stool-cover, and two pockets—he offered them in pledge—I asked him who they belonged to—he said they belonged to a female in the hospital; I think he said Guy's, and he wished to pledge them for her—I offered him 6s. on them—we reckon the value about 7s. 6d. or 10s.—they are not worth 4l. or 5l. to us: they might be to this lady—I lent him 6". on them—he said it was merely for safety he wished to leave them, and the smallest sum he had would be sufficient—we have frequent occurrences of the same sort; gentlemen will leave 201. worth of plate for 5s.





JOSEPH COLLARD
. I am superintendent of the Great Western Railway police. On Saturday evening, the 4th of April, between eight and nine o'clock, I went to No 77, Basinghall-street, and found the prisoner Beard—I asked him if his name was John Beard—he said, "Yes"—I said, "I believe you were at the Great Western railroad on Tuesday evening last?"—he said he was not, he had not been to the railway during the whole week, except that Saturday, that he bad come up from Windsor—I said, "Oh yes, you were there one evening with your friend Tapson; what evening was it if it was not Tuesday?"—he said he knew no such person as Tapson, nor had he been to the railway the whole week—I said, "Why, you went to the railway with Tapson on Tuesday evening last, and came away from the rail-way to the house of Mr. Weatherdon, Palace New-road, Lambeth"—he again denied it, and denied all knowledge of such a person—he said, "I knot no such person as Tapson or Weatherdon in Palace New-road—I was never there in my life"—I told him he mult consider himself in custody on sus-picion of having stolen a portmanteau, in company with Tapson, from the Great Western Railway, on the Tuesday previous—he appeared very much surprised—he denied it—I took him, after some time, to the next street where there was a cab waiting"—I put him in—Radford accompanied us—he made a great noise and abused us, and demanded to know why he was to custody, and threatened me with an action for false imprisonment, and thlt sort of thing—he repeatedly demanded to know what he waa in custody for—I repeatedly told him—he continued to deny all knowledge of all the parties, or being at the railway all thl week—he was recovering, I should say, from the effects of liquor—he knew what he was about—he was in a state of great excitement—he said he could produce I think rive persons who could prove he spent the whole of Tuesday evening in Basinghall-street, in whose company he was—he repeated that several times—I took him to the house of Weatherdon in Palace New-road, and there he was identified as having been there with Tapson—he still denied it in the presence of the Weatherdons—I searched him at the station—I found a piece of paper with

the name of Tapson upon it, it is on the back of a letter, with "Mr. John Tapson, Royal Marine mess, Woolwich"—it is addressed to him, "Mr. John Beard, No. 77, Basinghall-street"—I have been to Woolwich, and found there was a Mr. John Tapson, an uncle of the prisoner's.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I suppose you have not ascer-tained whose handwriting the letter is in? A. No, I have not,

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you before the Magistrate at the examination? A. Yes, and heard the prisoner Tapson asked if he had anything to say—he said something which was taken down in writing, and afterwards read over to him, and then the Magistrate put his name to it—this is the statement—this is the Magistrate's signature—(read)—"Beard said he had some keys, and he thought he could unlock it; I fell asleep in the cab: I never had the watch or money; I plead guilty of taking it, and after I opened it, I did not know what to do with the things."

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you hear him say anything about Beard? A. Yes—it might have been that Beard had nothing to do with it—I cannot say—I took notice of what particularly concerned me—I do not think he said Beard was perfectly innocent—I will not swear it positively—he did not, to my recollection, neither before the Magistrate or elsewhere—I have a tolerably good recollection—I think I called at Beard's the morning before I took him into custody—I was not told he was gone to Windsor—I called once when he was denied by a woman—I did not tell her who I was—I did not hear of his having been to Windsor till he told me so himself—I have been to Windsor, and found it was true—I believe his brother to be respectable—I had rather not say anything of Beard—he appeared to be recovering from the effects of liquor—he did not appear very drunk—I think he seemed to know perfectly well what he was about—I have observed many times that taking a man into custody has a tendency to recover him—he was certainly perfectly sober when I took him into custody—I put him into the cab five or six minutes after I took him—he was most anxious to deter me from taking him, as far as threats went—I heard all Tapson said before the Magistrate—he did not entirely exculpate Beard in the presence of the Magistrate to my recollec-tion—I will not swear that positively, but I do not think he did—I do not think he said anything about Beard being not guilty, but I will not swear it positively—I think he did not—the policeman was present.





THOMAS WILLIAM RADFORD

re-examined. I cannot tell whether Tapson made any remark about Beard being innocent—I do not recollect that he did, or that he did not.





JOSEPH COLLARD

re-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you ever heard that Beard was under charge for anything in his life? A. I have from more than one person—I have heard it at a house in the same street—I do not know the name of the person—there is no person's name I can mention who has ever told me one single thing against him—I produce a certificate of Tap-son's former conviction, from Mr. Sidney Gurney, the clerk of Assize for the Western Circuit—(read—Convicted 26th Feb., 1844, and confined six months.)





PETBR HENRY RICHARDS
. I am one of the police of Cornwall. I was present at the trial of Tupspn. in March, 1844—he is the person referred to in the certificate.

TAPSON—



GUILTY. Aged 23.—Recommended to mercy.
—



Transported for Seven Years.


BEARD—

NOT GUILTY


