



2305. 




JEREMIAH DRISCOLL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of September, 2 sheets of copper, value 8s., the goods of 



William Crawford and others.—Three other COUNTS, stating them to belong to different persons.






JOHN SUTTON
. I am an officer of the East and West India Docks. About three o'clock in the afternoon of the 3rd of September, in consequence of information, I watched the prisoner, and saw him go out—I followed, and came up with him, and asked him how he came to be there, and how he had left his work—he had been working on board the Earl Belcara the day before, which had taken 3800 sheets of copper on board—I said I suspected he had something about him—he made me a saucy reply, and ran away—I ran and took him as he was going through a public-house, and found two sheets of copper inside the flap of his breeches, and a leather belt round him to keep it up—I produce it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A. Some years—he has been twenty years working in the docks—I saw no other man—he was employed by a master lumper, about the place, not by the Company—I will not swear I have not known him fifteen years.






WILLIAM HOUGH
. I am warehouseman to Messrs. Simms, Williams, and Co., of the Steel-yard. This copper has my mark on it—I am sure this is part of the property I delivered to Phillips' lighter, to go on board the Earl Belcara—Messrs. William Crawford, Colvin, and Co., Old Broad-street, are the owners of the ship, John Vaux is master.





JOHN PHILLIPS
. I am a master lighterman. The day before this copper was found, I had employed the prisoner to take in the ship's cargo—this copper was part of the cargo—I paid the prisoner the night before he was taken—he had no right on board the ship that day—I have known him twenty years, and believe he was honest and industrious—I often employed him.





THOMAS HOLDSWORTH
. I am a lighterman. I took the copper in at the wharf, and put it into the barge—I took the barge down in the evening to the East and West India Docks.




GUILTY.* Aged 37.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.





Transported for Seven Years.
