




2059. 




MICHAEL BUTLER
 and 




JAMES DIPPER
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



Esther Lindon, with intent to rob her; and that Dipper had been previously convicted of felony.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






ESTHER LINDON
. I am a widow, and live in Willow-street, Paul-street. On the evening of the 14th of Oct. I went to the pit of the City of London Theatre, Norton Folgate—I drew my watch out while there at nine and at eleven o'clock, and placed it in a small silk bag attached to my petticoat under my dress—when the performance was over I returned home—my house is about ten minutes' walk from the theatre—when about eight doors from my own house the two prisoners came and looked under my bonnet—I distinctly saw both their faces—it was directly under a gas-light—they knocked me down—Butler tried to get my watch, while Dipper held me down with his hand over my mouth—I felt Butler pulling my watch—I screamed "Murder" twice—a person on the opposite side of the way opened a window, upon which they ran away—I got up, screamed "Murder!" and went on to my own house—in two or three minutes Cross and another policeman brougbt the prisoners home—I said Butler was the villain that tried to get my watch, and Dipper was the one who held my mouth—I can swear to them both distinctly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Are you sure your husband is not living? A. Yea—I had a guard to the watch round my neck—they tore it off—I am in service—I was out of service then—I had been in the service of Mr. Gummer, of Lothbury—I had left about eight weeks through illness—I was not the worse for liquor—I had nothing to drink before I went to the theatre—I and the young person with me had a small bottle with 2d. worth together—I did not go to any public-house or show my watch after I left the theatre—on my oath I was not the worse for liquor—I live about a quarter of a mile from the theatre—it is not an improper house at all, nor in a narrow street—two vehicles can pass each other in it—it was about one o'clock in the morning—the theatre was over about a quarter to one.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time did you go out that afternoon? A. I went to meet my friend about a quarter to six o'clock—she is housemaid to Mr. Ross, of Bishopsgate-street—we went to the pit, and paid 6d.—I

did not take anything before I went there—I went to see the performances—I cannot recollect any piece that was performed that night, because I am so flurried—I parted with my friend just beyond the theatre—I let her go alone, because I had a fall in the pit and hurt my legs—I was shoved off the seat—I did not slip off—I did not go to sleep in the station-house—the policeman was not obliged to awake me—I swear no such thing occurred—when one of the prisoners was brought to me I said I knew him by his cap—I did not strike him in the face or call him a scoundrel—I said, "That is the villain"—I did not say I did not know Dipper—I hesitated a very short time—I wag flurried—I swore to them both—I had never seen Dipper before—I never said I could not tell whether he was one of them—I was perfectly sober.





WILLIAM BROWN CROSS
 (police-constable G 217.) On Thursday morning, the 15th of Oct., I was in Paul-street, Finsbury, and heard cries of"Murder!" coming from Willow-street, which runs into Paul-street—I went to the spot, and saw the two prisoners running from the bottom of Willow-street towards me—I am sure they are the men—I stopped them both on the pavement, and asked what they were running for—they first denied running at all—I said, "You cannot deny running when I stopped you running, and this constable behind me saw you running as well—what is it about?"—they said they did not know, they had done nothing—I took them back to where I saw Mrs. Lindon going towards her home—she instantly pointed to Butler, and said, "That is the man that knocked me down, the other is the man who put his hand over my mouth, while Butler tried to get my watch; they got it off all except two or three threads"—she identified them both instantly—Harrington was present, close behind me at the time—I took them to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARET. Q. What have you there? A. A watch in a pocket fastened to a petticoat—I was not walking with Harrington—our beats are one on each side of Paul-street—there are generally two policemen in that street—I have been in the police twelve years—the prosecutrix lives in a respectable house—the prisoners were running in a direction from tin prosecutrix—there might be three or four more persons there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was Mrs. Lindon when you got up to her? A. Within three or four doors of her own house—she now lives as cook at the Hungerford Tavern, Hungerford-market—I did not hear her say she could not tell whether Dipper was one of them—I did not see her asleep at the station—I did not awake her up—she might be a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes there, while the charge was being taken—she had not time to go to sleep—she had to give the charge—Willow-street may be 200 yards long—there is a court close to her house—Butler was running first-Dipper was a yard or two behind him—I took hold of both at once.

MR. PLATT. Q. Were you in the station all the time the charge was being booked? A. Yes—if she had gone to sleep I should have seen her.





THOMAS HARRINGTON
 (police-constable G 204.) On Thursday morning, the 15th of Oct., I was near Cross—I heard a cry of "Murder!" and followed him to Willow-street—on turning the corner he was ten or twelve yards before me—he stopped and laid hold of the two prisoners, and asked what they were running for—they said they had not been running—we took them back about twenty yards, and met Mrs. Lindon—she said, "Some one has knocked roe down," and pointing to the prisoners, said, 'o Oh, those are the two vagabonds—she identified them as the parties.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How many other persons were there in the street? A. I saw no one else for some minutes after—I have been ten or eleven years in the police.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you in the station when the

charge was made? A. Yes—I swear Mrs. Lindon did not drop asleep there, but she almost fainted—she said she had been kicked about the legs—I did not see her go to sleep, nor did I call out to awake her.





WILLIAM BEAUMONT
 (police-constable K 298.) I produce a certificate of Dipper's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted, Feb., 1846; confined six months)—I was at the trial—he is the person.

BUTLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

DIPPER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against Butler.)
