



1348. 



WILLIAM LYNN
 was indicted

for a robbery upon 



James Andrew Passmore, on the 
6th of April, and stealing from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; and 1 watch-key, value 1s.; his goods.


JAMES ANDREW PASSMORE. I am a brush-maker, and live in New-street, Vauxhall. I was coming home about ten minutes after twelve

o'clock, on the night of the 6th of April. When I got to the New-cut I was tripped up, and my watch taken from my fob, against ray will—as soon as I found that, I tried to collar a person who took it from me—it was only one person—he ran away—I called the policeman, told him I was robbed, and called, "Stop thief"—I saw my watch and the prisoner at the station within a short time.

Prisoner. Q. You say I tripped you up? A. Yes—I felt my watch go from my fob—I wrestled with you on the ground, and called the policeman—I was not running across the road with the watch in my hand.





JAMES CROWE
. I am a tailor, and live in Phipp-street, Westminster. On the 16th of April, about ten minutes past twelve o'clock, I was in the New-cut, and saw the prosecutor rather the worse for liquor—I saw the prisoner follow him up, immediately trip him up, and draw the watch from his fob—I followed him, calling "Stop thief," till the policeman took him, without my losing sight of him—the watch was found in his pocket—the prosecutor identified it.

Prisoner. Q. Do you mean to say I tripped him up? A. Yes.

Prisoner. I was setting the man up, as he slipped down; the watch was underneath him. Witness. He ran above half a mile with the watch.





THOMAS GOOSE
. I am a policeman. I saw the prosecutor knocked down by the prisoner.





DANIEL MARTIN
. I am a policeman. I found the watch in the prisoner's pocket—I ran half a mile after him—he said nothing.





JAMES ANDREW PASSMORE

re-examined. This is my watch.

Prisoner's Defence. He was running, with the watch in his hand; he was very much intoxicated; he fell down; I assisted him up, and saw the watch under him, I took it, thinking he was intoxicated, he would not take any notice of it; I did not trip him up; I could not lift him quite up, not being strong enough.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.
