




221. 




JOHN O'BRIEN
. and 



ELIZABETH O'BRIEN
. were indicted for

stealing, on the 
11th of October, at 
St. Nicholas, Deptford, 1 bag, value 1d.; 5 sovereigns, 8 halfcrowns, and 1 shilling, the property of 



James Naylor, in the dwelling-house of 



John Finlay.






BRIDGET NAYLOR
. I am the wife of James Naylor. I had a box in my room in King-street, in the parish of St. Nicholas, Deptford—I had in it five sovereigns, eight half-crowns, and one shilling in a bag—I saw it safe about eight days before I missed it, which was on Tuesday the 19th of October—my husband had not been into the room, but the female prisoner was there—she slept with me, and her husband slept in the barracks, but he had access to the room—my box was locked—I lent the prisoner my scissors at different times, and the key of my box was tied to them, and I lent

them—on the Saturday night before the money was missed her husband was in the room—he sent me to the barracks, and when I came back he was standing near the box—I saw the female prisoner that night with a sovereign—I asked her where she got the money—she said, from her husband, who had got it from home—I asked her, because she was always telling me she had no money, and I had lent her some halfpence, which I used to go to my box for—some money was found, but no sovereign—I found the bag which my money had been in, in the drawer in the table where the female prisoner used to keep her own and her baby's clothes—this is my bag—(looking at it)—I am sure I did not put the bag into that drawer—the landlady saw me take the bag out of the drawer—before this time, when the prisoners arrived from Ireland, they had not a halfpenny but the pay he got from the sergeant, and at different times I had lent them money—I got this money from washing the men's trowsers, and I got some from home—after my mother's death I sold some things—I went from Tipperary home to the county of Clare, that is about three years ago—some of the money I saved from that time—I did not let my sister know that I had it—I was washing, and always earning money—I swear that I had saved this money.

John O'Brien. Q. When you went to the barracks, do you know whether the box was locked or unlocked? A. I know it was locked—I had not my key and scissors with me when I went to the barracks.

John O'Brien. When they searched my wife they found 2s. 11d. on her—they searched the drawer, and if the purse had been in the drawer, why could not they find it as well as you?—you found my wife's back turned, and clapped the purse into her stays—do you think my wife would have put it in an open drawer? Witness. I had not the purse to put into the drawer—your wife had no other place to put it in—she had not a pocket or box.





MARY FINLAY
. I am the wife of John Finlay; we keep this house. About two months ago the female prisoner came to lodge there—I had a cloak to sell, and she bought it for 2s. 4d.—it was in pledge for 3s.—she bought the ticket of me—she told me she had received some money from her husband, which he had received from home—that was on Saturday, a week before this money was missing—she paid me 1s. rent, and I believe on the Monday she bought the cloak she paid me 2s. and a 4d. piece—she kept her clothes in the room—the prosecutrix came down and asked me to go up stairs—I went—she was at the table-drawer, and said, "Here in the purse that had my money in it."





EDWARD IVER
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker. We had this cloak in pawn, and on Monday, the 12th of October, the female prisoner came about twelve o'clock, and looked at it—she would not then purchase it, and I made out another ticket—she came again about three o'clock, and brought a sovereign, or a half-sovereign—I should be loath to swear which, and she had the cloak—she said afterwards that it was a sovereign.

Elizabeth O'Brien. It was a half-sovereign, he gave me 7s.





MICHAEL GURAIN
. I am a sergeant of the 61st Regiment of Foot, the prisoner, John O'Brien, was a private in that regiment; there was an investigation among the officers about this money on the 22nd of October, John O'Brien said he had received a letter, on that day three weeks, between three and four o'clock, containing a sovereign, and on getting the letter from the postman he had paid 3d.—I was ordered by

the commanding officer to go the post-office with him, to ascertain if that was correct—it was then between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning—on my way I met one of the Deptford letter-carriers, and I asked him if the post-office was open—he said no, it was only opened at ten o'clock in the morning, and five in the afternoon—I then asked him where the other letter-carrier lived—he told me, and I went to his house with the prisoner—I said to him, "This man says he received a letter between three and four o'clock in the afternoon of this day three weeks, which was the 1st of October"—the postman stated that was incorrect, for the post was not open till a few minutes before five—I then asked the prisoner in presence of the postman, what he paid for the letter—he said, "3d."—the postman said that was incorrect, for a letter containing a sovereign would be no more than 2d., and the prisoner did not contradict the postman in saying so—I saw the prisoner give a cheque to the pay-sergeant of his company, for 1l., on the 22nd of October, but that he got in the regular way, through the officer—there if an officer whose duty it is to take letters of the postmen, and to deliver them—there is a circular against private soldiers receiving letters—it was the postman's duty to call the officer, and deliver the letters, and if the officer is not there, to bring them to the barracks, but not to give them to privates—when these orders come the postmaster in Deptford gives the money for them—they could not get the money from any body but him—if a private gets money, it passes like wildfire through the whole regiment—it is not very usual for privates to receive money.

John O'Brien. Q. Did I say that that postman was the man that gave use the letter? A. You did not.





WILLIAM HATFULL
. I am the postman at Deptford. It was my duty to deliver soldiers' letters on the 1st of October—I did not deliver one to the prisoner that day—I do not know that there was one for him—the morning Utters come at eleven o'clock in the morning, and are delivered about a quarter of an hour afterwards.

John O'Brien. Q. Did I say you were the man who gave me the letter? A. Yes, I think you did.





PATRICK BRIENAN
. I am a private in the 61st Regiment of Foot. On a Sunday, about the 11th of October, I was out walking with John O'Brien and his wife, and we had some rum and some beer—I paid for one pot, and Elizabeth O'Brien paid for another.





PATRICK NAYLIN
. I am a relation of the prosecutrix's. I went to the female prisoner, and asked whether she was willing to let me see what was in her pocket, or else I would get a constable—she gave me permission, and I found 2s. 11d., which she said her husband gave her and he got it in advance from his pay-sergeant on the 19th or 20th—I asked her if she knew where her husband got the money he was spending—she said she did not, and that it made no odds to her—she offered to take her oath that she knew nothing about who took the money.





WILLIAM MAJOR
. I am the pay-sergeant of the 61st Regiment. John O'Brien did not receive 2s. 11d. from me at the time he stated—he was paid up to and for the 16th of October, but no further—he was confined, I believe, for this crime on the Tuesday.





JOSEPH STRATTON
. I am landlord of the Red Cow public-house, at Deptford. On Monday, the 19th of October, I received a sovereign, or two half-sovereigns, and 5s., from John O'Brien—he told me he had 1l. a week coming in besides his pay as a soldier.


John O'Brien. Q. Did I give it you together? A. You gave me a half sovereign a few days before, and the next day came and asked for it again—then, on the 19th, you left 1l. 5s. in my hands—you were quite capable of knowing what you said and did.





THOMAS BARNES
. I am a corporal in the 61st Regiment. On the 16th of October I was at the Red Cow-John O'Brien was there—he spent 3s. 6d.—he said he had received a cheque for 25s. from home, and he was spending some money.





JAMES LEANEY
. I am a private in the 61st Regiment. I marked a new shirt and a pair of socks for John O'Brien about the 15th or 16th of October.





THOMAS M'GIL
. (police-sergeant R 19.) I produce the bag which I received from the prosecutrix—I have the Post-office order, dated the 19th of October—it is not paid.

John O'Brien's Defence. When we came from Winchester to Deptford I took a good deal of luggage for twenty or twenty-five men, and I got 1s. a piece of them all except three; I received 22s. for it, and I received some money from Winchester; I intended to get a furlough to go home at Christmas; I had the money in my knapsack, and lodged it in the publican's hand.

JOHN O'BRIEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

ELIZABETH O'BRIEN—


NOT GUILTY
.
