



2178. 




JOHN RICHMAN



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Caroline Richman, with intent to murder her.—2nd COUNT. with intent to do grievous bodily harm.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






CAROLINE RICHMAN
. I am the prisoner's wife—I lived at Church-lane, Liraehouse, away from him, for about a fortnight. On 16th Sept. I met him, at his request, at a friend's, in the East India-road—he seemed very glad to see me, behaved very kindly, and begged my pardon for what had taken place—in the evening I met him at his sister's, by appointment—when I got into the shop he shook hands, embraced me, led me to the side of the counter, and said he had parted with me in the morning, but did not intend to part iih me any more—he sat by me, put his left arm round my neck, and with

the other seemed to take something out of his pocket—I felt a knife on my, throat, and called out, "A knife! a knife!"—I put my hand up, and my thumb was cut—the blood flowed from my neck, not a great deal; it was not a bad wound—I got hold of the handle—it appeared to be a knife—he was pulled away from me, and ran away—I was taken to a doctor—my throat is sore now—I have not yet got the strapping off it.





GEORGT. RICHMAN
. I am a son of Isaac Ricbman, of Robin Hood-lane The prisoner was sitting in the shop, waiting for his wife—she came went round the counter, and sat down by his side—he spoke to her, andkissed her; then put his left arm round her neck, pulled her head back with his face on hers, and drew something across her throat—she hallooed out, "He has got a knife!"—I saw blood come from her throat—she ran away—he had been in the shop five or ten minutes before it happened—they were talking as if they were friends.





JAMES CAFFELL
. I am a broker, of St. Ann's-place, Limehouse. I went with. Mrs. Richman to meet her husband—he was very happy to receive her shook hands with her, took her to the other side of the counter, and sat down next to her—her sister and brother-in-law were on the other side of him—all at once, after kissing her, he put his left arm round her neck, and pulled her towards him—I heard her sing out, "A knife! a knife!"—I saw no knife in his hand—the boy got hold of his hand, trying to get him away—I got between them, and got her out of doors—she was wounded on the throat and thumb—I saw the prisoner pass the window, and followed him—he said, "It is a pretty job now"—I said, "Yes," and gave him in charge.





RONALD ROBERTSON
. I am a surgeon, of High-street, Poplar. I was called to the station, and found Mrs. Richman with an incised wound two inches long on the throat—it was very slight, and merely divided the skin—it would have done grievous bodily harm if it had been deeper—she also had a wound on the right thumb—she is perfectly recovered now.





ROBERT SHEEN
 (policeman). Cafiell gave the prisoner into my charges—he had been drinking, but was partly sober—going to the station be said, "I done it with a small knife, I am sorry for it; I threw the knife away, but where it is I do not know."

Prisoner's Defence. My senses were gone; I did not know what I was doing; if Caffell bad not come in with her it would not have happened.




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 49.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

