




1535. 




THOMAS CALCOTT
 and 




JOHN DOUGLAS
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



John Warwick, on the 
30th of April, at 
St. Mary, Newington, about the hour of three o'clock in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 snuff-box, value 4l.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 30s.; and 1 cream-bucket, value 2l.; his goods.






JOHN WARWICK
. I live in Trinity-square, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. On the night of the 30th of April I went to bed about eleven o'clock—my wife and the servants went up to bed at the same time—I saw the house safe—I saw the parlour shutters closed and bolted—I was not well in the night, and could not sleep—before three o'clock I heard a noise which I thought was in my neighbour's house, but on listening, there appeared a sound up my stairs—I got out of bed, lighted a candle, and went down stairs—I am certain it was before four o'clock—I think it was about three o'clock—I heard the clock strike four afterwards—on coming to the stair case before the parlour I found the back doors all open—I stood there a little time and listened, and distinctly heard persons in the house—I put my ear to the parlour door and heard two persons speaking in the parlour—I had the candle in my right hand—I put it into my left, took hold of the handle of the door, threw it open with violence, put the candle inside and saw the two prisoners—I immediately seized Calcott, and gave an alarm directly—in turning to the window I saw a policeman jump

over my Wall—the very instant I took hold of Calcott, Douglas saw the policeman, and said, "Sir, I surrender"—I found a snuff-box which I had left on the mantel-piece the last thing, moved on to the table, a silver bucket which is an ornament moved from the shelf on to the table, and my spectacles moved from the back room on to the table—those were the only things I found moved in the room—I found nothing on the prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Was the room you found them in the room you had been sitting in the night before? A. Certainly—I am certain those articles were not on the table when I went to bed—I might have gone out of the parlour door first the, night before, but if so, the family followed directly—I had the spectacles in daily use—I had been reading, and used them—I am quite certain I did not leave them on the table—I had used the snuff-box the last thing—the silver ornament was never on the table—it is an old-fashioned cream bucket.

COURT. Q. Did you look at the window? A. I found the window entirely open, and the shutters put back, as if open for the day—there is a very high folding-blind between the glass and the shutters, and that was broken, and a piece of mahogany, which was screwed on the shutter, had marks of a chisel put in between to wrench out the wood—we found no chisel on them, but two men had escaped outside—eight holes were bored through the shutter near the bolt, but the hinge of the shutter had been tried all the way up besides—it was the back-window—the blinds were carried out into the yard.





DANIEL FRANCIS CARROLL
. I am a policeman. About three o'clock on the morning in question my attention was called to the prosecutor's house—I went with another officer to the back of, the house, got over the wall, Which is between eight and nine feet high, into Mr. Warwick's garden—my brother constable stood at the window, and Showed his light, and I met Mr. Warwick at the door—he said there were two fellows in his parlour—I went in with him, and secured them—I found a step-ladder against the window, which is about six feet high from the garden—that was necessary to get up to force the shutter.

CALCOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

DOUGLAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Life.
