



107. 




JOHN WILSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of November, I picture and frame, value 10s., the goods of 



George White.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be 1 print and frame; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE WHITE
. I am a publican, and live in Clerkenwell. This picture and frame hung in my parlour—I lost it—it never was taken from the house—he could not get out with it.

Prisoner. Q. Were there other persons in the parlour during that evening? A. Yes, several—I saw my picture last at the end of the room—when I went into the room you were looking at it, and seemed very confused—you said, "I am admiring your painting"—there was another person in the room, who described himself as a cab-man—I had suspicion that he knew something about it, because he put the gas out.





JAMES PHILLIPS
. I am in the service of George White. I saw the prisoner come into the parlour about half-past eight o'clock in the evening of the 9th of November—there were several persons in the parlour—he had a glass of half-and-half, and drank three glasses of gin and water—there were some pictures in the room—I went into the parlour about a quarter past eleven o'clock, and saw this picture behind the door, under the stool where the prisoner had been sitting—it had been hanging on the wall—the prisoner was close by the fire—I thought it was a curious place, and went out and gave information to my master—at twelve o'clock I went into the parlour, and told them it was twelve—I then placed myself behind the passage door—'the cab man came out,

and held the door in his hand—the prisoner went back, and put the parlour gas out—he brought the picture out in his hand—he tried to go out of the door, but the other one did not go out sufficiently for him to get out, and the way was blocked up—he then went to the back door, and could not get out—he came to the passage door, and saw the place was not clear—he put the picture down behind the passage door—the other one said, "We are going to have a drop to part"—the prisoner said, "No, my funds won't allow it"—then the prisoner went out and saw the policeman—the caiman came back, and said he thought the man was robbing my master—he said, "Yes, I suspect you both are."

Prisoner. Q. Did I, during the evening, sit under where the picture hung? A. No—you went out several times, and left the cab man alone—it was about three yards from the place I saw the picture to where I found it.





WILLIAM KINO
 (police-constable G 120.) I took the prisoner—he said he knew nothing about the picture.

Prisoner. Q. Was the door a little ajar? A. Yet—you had been drinking, but were not drunk.

Prisoner's Defence, I left the caiman in there, and was it not possible that some other person might have removed the picture? I do not recollect having it in my hand at all, but I was drunk. I left several persons is the room, and we cannot tell what jokes were played in the house. I can only account for the part I took in it, which was only removing it from the ground. There was no attempt to remove it from the premises. I think it is true that the landlord did suspect the caiman, and that he gave the information to save himself. It might be imprudent for me to move it, but there was no effort to take it off the premises. I placed it there, not to come back for it, as it was a late hour at night. I had no felonious motive. I know nothing of the cab man. I did not attempt to run away; I paid, and was about to depart in a quiet manner.





WILLIAM KINO

re-examined. He had no opportunity of running—I was standing outside.





JOHN BROOMFIELD
 (police-constable E 143.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the time—the prisoner is the person—he then pleaded guilty. 


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

