



648. 





JOHN WITHAM



, stealing, whilst employed under the Post-office, a post-letter containing 12 postage-stamps, a half-sovereign, and a fourpenny-piece; the property of the 

Post Master-General.—Other COUNTS varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WAITER ROBERTSON SCULTHORPE. I
 am one of the presidents of the London District Post-office. On Saturday, 17th Feb., I caused a letter to be written and addressed, "Miss Davis, at Mrs. Clark's, Ponder's-end"—I put into it a half-sovereign, a fourpenny-piece, and a shilling's worth of postage-stamps, all which I marked in Coles' presence—I sealed it and gave it to Peak with instructions—the prisoner is a letter-carrier at Ponder's-end, Enfield—on the Monday following I went to Mrs. Clark's, at Ponder's-end, and in consequence of what was told me there, I went in the direction in which I expected to meet the prisoner—I met him a little before nine o'clock in the morning—I stopped him and asked whether he was the postman—he said, "Yes"—I told him I was Mr. Sculthorpe, of the Post-office, and asked him whether he had a letter that morning addressed to Miss Davis, at Mrs. Clark's, Ponder's-end—he said no, he had not seen such a letter—Pesk, the officer, then came up and joined us, and I said to the prisoner, "Let me see what money you have got in your pocket"—he put his hand into his pocket and brought out seven or eight shillings—I noticed that my money was not there—after looking at it I said, "You have more money than this about you"—he then put his hand into his pocket, began to fumble about, and I said to Peak, "Search him"—Peak then drew his hand from his pocket, and in his band I saw my half-sovereign and fourpenny-piece—I said, "This is my money"—he said, "That it is not, it is mine; I received it at three o'clock yesterday, in Oxford-street"—he was then taken to the post-office at Ponder's-end, and I there asked him whether he had any postage-stamps about him—he said no, he had not—I ordered Peak to make a farther search, and he took from one of his pockets the twelve identical stamps I had enclosed in the letter—I said, "These are my stamps"—he said, "That they are not; I took them from a young woman in Thomas-street, Oxford-street, yesterday"—Peak took this paper (produced) from him in my presence—there are five marks of mine on it, and it is a portion of what I enclosed the money and stamps in on the Saturday—the money and stamps are the same which I enclosed—every stamp is marked—Ponder's-end is in the prisoner's district—supposing a letter for Ponder's-end to be put in at Waltham-cross on the Sunday evening, it would be forwarded on the Monday morning by the mailbag

to Enfield-highway—it would be the prisoner's duty to deliver the letter before half-past eight that morning.





MATTHEW PEAK
 About two o'clock on Saturday afternoon, 17th Feb., I received a letter from Mr. Sculthorpe to put into the post; it was sealed—I received others, but my attention was drawn to this one—it was addressed, "Miss Davis, Mrs. Clark's, Ponder's-end"—I kept it in my possession till the following evening, when I took it to Waltham-cross, and dropped it into the box at nearly half-past seven—it was then in the same state as when I received it from Mr. Sculthorpe—on the following morning I saw; Mr. Sculthorpe and the prisoner at Ponder's-end—I saw the prisoner take some silver from his pocket—after he had done so, I said, "Have you got any more?"—he kept his band in the same pocket he had taken the silver from, fumbling about, and I said, "Take out your hand, "and with his hand he brought out half-a-sovereign and a fourpenny-piece, which I gave to Mr. Sculthorpe, who said it was his money—the prisoner said it could not be his as he had brought it from London the day before, from Thomas-street, Oxford-street—this is the money—I went with him and Mr. Sculthorpe to the Post-office at Ponder's-end, and going along Mr. Sculthorpe asked him if he had any stamps—he said he had not—I took him to the receiving-house, searched him, and found the stamps produced in his waistcoat-pocket, and in his trowsers-pocket I found the piece of paper—Mr. Sculthorpe said, "These are my stamps, they were in the letter"—the prisoner said that could not be, for he had also brought them from Thomas-street, Oxford-street.





JOSEPH HUNT
 I keep the post-office at Waltham-cross. I made up the mail-bag on Monday morning, 19th Feb., for Enfield-highway—I noticed a letter addressed" Miss Davis, Mrs. Clark's, Ponder's-end"—I placed it in the bag myself, and it was forwarded with the rest of the letters by the mail-rider to Enfield-highway.





THOMAS CROSSINOHAM
 I am keeper of the post-office receiving-house at Enfield-highway. On Monday morning, 19th Feb., the Waltham-cross mailbag arrived at half-past six—it was tied and sealed in the usual way—I opened it at a quarter-past seven, took out the letters, sorted them, and they corresponded with the letter-bill—there were three for Ponder's-end—the prisoner came in about a quarter of an hour afterwards—it was his duty to take the letters for Enfield to Ponder's-end, and he took those three—the Enfield letters he delivers to another carrier, who deliver them; but he delivers the Ponder's-end ones himself.

Crass-examined by Ma. BALLANTIHE
Q. Was it your duty to open the bag? A. No; 1 did open it on this occasion as I was expecting a letter from the country, respecting a cousin who was dying, and my anxiety to know about her health induced me to take it out.





ANN CHAPMAN
 I am a laundress. On 19th Feb. I was at Mrs. Clark's at Ponder's-end—early in the morning a young man rung the bell and delivered me a letter, which I gave to Eliza Bird, who opened the door—the man only gave me one letter.





ELIZA BIRO
 I am servant to Mrs. Clark, who keeps a ladies'-school at Ponder's-end. In Feb. there was a young lady a scholar there, named Ann Davis—on Monday, 19th Feb., I remember receiving a letter from Ann Chapman—this (produced) is the envelope of it—it is addressed to Rodah Bunyan—she is my fellow-servant—I gave it to her.





ANN DAVIS
 I was living at Mrs. Clark's—I did not receive any letter addressed," Miss Davis, at Mrs. Clark's, Ponder's-end," on 19th Feb.

Cross-examined. Q. If a letter had been delivered there for you, would it have gone first into Mrs. Clark's hands? A. Yes.


MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you ever receive such a letter from Mrs. Clark or any one else? A. No.
(Francis George, grocer; John Coomb, ironmonger; George Martin, linendraper; John M. Perry, schoolmaster, of Ponder's-end; and Thomas Belcher, hair-dresser, of Enfield-highway, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
 Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

