



1420. 




WILLIAM WEBB
 was indicted

for unlawfully obtaining money from 



Watson Stafford, by false pretences. 2nd COUNT, from 



James Rhodes. 3rd COUNT, from 



Thomas Dermer.






WATSON STAFFORD
. I am a chandler, and at the time in question, lived at 11, Galway-street, St. Luke's. I opened my shop there on the 24th of Dec—on the 22nd the prisoner came and represented himself as a traveller for the firm of Messrs. Simmons, who keep an emery warehouse in Ironmonger-row, St. Luke's—I did not know there was such a firm—I gave him an order for some black lead, which I desired him to bring on the 23rd, but he did not bring it till the 24th—early that morning a woman came for a bundle of wood, for which she paid me a halfpenny—she returned in a short time, and asked if I had any emery paper—I had none

—the prisoner afterwards brought me the black lead which I had ordered I paid him for it—while he was there, the woman who had been before came in again, and asked if I had any black lead—I told her I had, but if she had been a minute sooner she would have been too soon; for that gentleman, meaning the prisoner, who stood behind her, had that moment brought the lead into the shop—I then undid the packet of lead that was on the counter—she said she did not mean that lead, she meant limp lead—I said I had not got any, but I would get her some—she said she used a great quantity of lump lead, and a great quantity of rotten-stone, and likewise emery paper, she used as much as 12lbs. each week—she said she was a stranger about there, but if I would oblige her by getting it for her, she would be a good customer to me, not only in those but other things—she put her hand in her pocket, and produced a piece of rotten-stone and a piece of lump as a sample—she said she paid 10d. a pound for the lump lead, and 1s. a pound for the rotten-stone—the prisoner was there all the time—she ordered 12lbs. of each—I asked the prisoner if they kept it at their warehouse, he said, "Yes"—I said, "You hear what this lady says; can you let me have it by the time"—she wanted it at three o'clock—he said he could—I said I was not acquainted with the articles, nor did I know the value of them, or wbat they were used for—after the woman left, the prisoner turned to me and said, "You have a d——d good customer there," meaning the woman—I asked him what it was used for, he said, "It is used for doing the backs of these little penny looking-glasses, that they hawk about the streets"—I told him I was not acquainted with the things, but if Mr. Simmons would supply me as reasonably, and with as good an article as he supplied to other persons, as he lived near, I might as well deal with him as any other person—I then gave him an order for 14lbs. of rotten-stone, 14lbs. of lump lead, and four quires of emery paper—he returned in twenty minutes or half an hour, with a boy carrying the articles in a sack—he brought them into the shop, and dismissed the boy—the packages were in large brown paper bags—he then produced this bill, and one of Mr. Simmons's cards with it, and said either Mr. Simmons was not at borne, or he was in a great hurry, and he had made the bill out in his own name, but it did not signify—I laid, "No, I don't suppose it signifies, so long as you get the money;"—at the bottom of the bill I perceived the words, "Received same time"—I paid him 1l. 2s. 10d.—one sovereign, 2s. 6d. and 4d. in halfpence, aud he then put "W. Webb" at the bottom of the bill, and went away—I never saw him again till he was in custody—finding the woman did not come for the goods, I went to Mr. Simmons, and made some inquiry—I then opened the parcels, and found only 2lbs. of rotten-stone and lump lead, instead of ten—I gave the prisoner the money, believing he was, as he represented himself to be, a traveller to Mr. Simmons, a respectable manufacturer—being pushed for time, by the woman giving the order for three o'clock, and not knowing where to go for the things, of course I gave him the order.





HENRY SIMMONS
. I live at No. 12, Ironmonger-row, St. Luke's, and am a dealer in rotten-stone, black lead, emery paper, &c. I have seen the prisoner once at my shop, about Christmas time—he was not in any employ at all as a traveller, and was never authorized by me to sell things on my account—I have examined the rotten-stone and lump lead, which is here—I am not aware that it ever came from my house—the things

altogether are not worth more than 6s. or 6s. 6d.—certainly nothing like 1l. 2s. 10d.





HENRY JAMES RHODES
. I reside at Richmond, in Surrey. On Wednesday, the 2nd of April, the prisoner came to my shop—I did not know him before—he said he had come down from London, for the benefit of him wife's health; and he came to me to know if I sold blak lead—I said, "Yes," and showed him some—he said that was not the sort, it was the lamp lead he wanted—I told him I had not got any—he asked if I had got any rotten-stone—I told him I had not—he asked if I had any emery powder—I said, "No"—he said he was a stranger in this part, and asked if I could get them for him—I said, "I don't know, very likely I can"—he said he wanted 28lbs. of emery powder, and 14lbs. of lump lead—he had several articles from me at the time—my wife was present—she is not here—the prisoner then left—I went out, leaving my wife in charge of the business, and on my return, she showed me this circular, which a person bad left during my absence—she told me what she had done—next morning, the 3rd of April, a person brought 14lbs. of lump lead, and 28lbs. of emery paper, and handed me this bill, which amounts to 2l. 0s. 10d.—it was receipted—I paid that person, and he weut away—after he was gone the prisoner came again, and saw the things weighed, which the other man had brought—he said I had got them very punctual to time, and asked if I could get him 28lbs. of crocus powder—I said I did not know, that the person who had brought the things had gone into the town for orders, and would call as he came back, and I did not koow whether I could get the crocus powder from him, but I would ask him about it—the prisoner said if I could get it by one o'clock for him, and make out the bill, he would come and pay it, and fetch the things away—the man that brought the goods came again, and I mentioned it to him, and gave him an order—he afterwards brought something for Spanish brown, and I paid him 1l. 8s.—I added that to the other bill, and paid him 3l. 8s. 10d.—I know I gave him two sovereigns—I saw no more of the prisoner.

Prisoner. I never saw Mr. or Mrs. Rhodes till I saw them at the Police-court.





MARY DERMER
. I am the wife of Thomas Dermer; we did live, at No. 6, Brighton-terrace, Brixton, but have moved. We opened a shop there on Saturday, the 19th of April, for my brother, Henry Butt, who is in the general line, and lives in Wheeler-street, Spitalfields—a person, not the prisoner, came to the shop for half an ounce of tobacco—served him—soon afterwards a woman came in, she went away again, returned in a short time, and bought a sheet of emery-paper—she handed me a slip of paper with a list of articles that she wanted—about half an hour after she had left a man came—I afterwards saw the prisoner—he brought a second lot of goods, which I had ordered of the other man—he said he brought them from Jones and Co., of St. George's-road, Southwark—he gave me this bill marked C—the amount is 2l. 4s. 4d.—I said I did not want the things that day, and he took them away again—he brought them back in a few minutes, and said he would not trouble to take them away, as there were more parties in the firm it would make a confusion, therefore he would call again for the money—he wished me to pay a part of it, and I gave him a sovereign—he gave me a receipt on the bill, and went away—the party who had ordered the things did not corae for them, and when

another traveller came in, the goods were opened, and were not genuine-the prisoner came again on the Monday morning for the balance—I told him I had been to ascertain whether there was such a place as Jones and Co., and there was none, and that he had overcharged me for the goods; they were not what they were represented to be—he said yes, they were, and there was such a place as Jones and Co.—I had been, but could not find it—I did not pay him the balance—he ran away—I sent my brother after him, and he brought him back—a constable was sent for, and he was given into custody—I have never seen the woman since—the money I gave the prisoner was my husband's.





HENRY BUTT
. I am a chandler, and live in Wheeler-street, Spitalfields On Monday, the 21st of April, I was present at the shop when the prisoner came for the balance—my sister said, "You have charged too much for the articles, and I shall not pay you, and there is no such places is Jones and Co."—he said, "Oh, yes, there is"—he left the shop quite fast—I went after him, and overtook him—he still walked on—he was looking about, and said he could not see the cart; that he had a cart belonging to the firm—I said, "If you don't come back I shall give you into custody"—he went a little further on—I told him so again, and then he returned to the shop.

Prisoner. I did not run away. Witness. He did; then looked round the corner, and walked on.





JOHN GODDARD
 (policeman.) On Monday the 21st of April, I was called to the shop, and found the prisoner there—he was given into my custody, charged with receiving money under false pretences—I asked who he travelled for—he said, "ones and Co., No. 11, St. George's-road, Southwark," and showed me their bills—Mrs. Dermer gave me this bill, marked E—I asked whether that was his signature—he said yes, his master always knew his signature.

Prisoner. I never said I was traveller to Jones and Co., neither did he ask me any question respecting it; he merely waited for Mrs. Dermer giving me in charge. Witness. I did ask him—I have been to St. George's-road, Southwark, and looked about for Jones and Co.—these are no such persons there.





JAMES SHOVE
. I live at No. 33, Lamb-street, Spital-square, and deal in such articles as have been produced—I have examined these—this crocus powder, as it is called, is nothing but Venetian red, and is worth about 2d. a pound—the parcel delivered at Butt's shop is 10lbs. of black-lead, worth 4d. a pound, making 3s. 4d.; 14lbs. of rotten-stone, at 2d. a pound; 28lbs. of emery-paper, at 3d. a pound: and 28lbs. of Venetianred, worth 1 1/2d. a pound: altogether 19s. 4d.

Prisoner's Defence. In answer to the charge of Mr. Butt, I went to the shop to deliver some goods; I did not receive any order for them, neither was I at the shop before to supply them with goods; I received 1l. in part payment, which I delivered to the man I had them from, he being a man I had a slight knowledge of in the oil and colour trade. I was not aware there was anything wrong. When I went on the Monday morning following, it was to ascertain whether there was any goods I could supply them with on my own account, not to ask them for the balance of the former goods. As to Mr. Stafford, I called at his shop, and he gave me an order for 3lbs. weight of black lead, at 1s. 6d., and then ordered the other goods, which I delivered to him, and made him a bill out in my own name, as he bought them of

me. The reason I gave a card of Mr. Simmons was, his saying he should want more of those goods, and I said he would no doubt get supplied at Mr. Simmons's, as I occasionally bought goods there myself, which I dare say Mr. Simmons will recollect.

MR. SIMMONS
re-examined. I remember once his buying goods of me, the same as another person—he was never employed by me as a traveller.

Prisoner. No, I do not say I was, neither did I ever make that representation.




GUILTY
on 1st and 3rd Counts.
 Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years. (See Seventh Sess., page 184.)
