





2008. 




CHARLES LOWES
, 




GEORGE HARRIS
, and 




WILLIAM THOMPSON



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Harvey, and stealing 1 watch and chain, value 3l. 10s.; 1 sovereign, and 7s.; the property of 



Henry Harvey.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN HARVEY
. I live at Sharp's-buildings, St. James's, Clerken-well; it is my husband's dwelling-house. On 9th Oct., about eight minutes to one, the prisoners came to my house—Harris asked for some dinner—they went up-stairs into the public room on the first-floor—(I knew Lowes and Harris before; I had seen them the day before, in front of the bar; they did not go up-stairs that day)—in about a quarter of an hour I sent my servant up to see that all was safe—she came down and told me something—I went up, and when I got on the first-floor I said to the prisoners," You good for nothing creatures, if you rob a poor woman who has to work as hard for a living as I do, you will rob anybody"—Harris and Thompson were sitting at the table, and Lowes leaning at the back window—Lowes said, "Stuff and nonsense"—I went to the second-floor and found the bed-room door and three drawers open; they all had been locked at eleven o'clock and the key was in my pocket—I missed a sovereign, seven shillings, and a watch and chain of my husband's worth 3l. or 4l.; this is it (produced)—the prisoners were given in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What is your husband's name? A. Henry; he lives there.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. Are there not two doors to your house 1 A. Yes; persons cannot get to the second-floor without being seen from the bar.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. It was Lowes and Harris you saw on the Monday? A. Yes.





ELLEN DONOVAN
. I am Mrs. Harvey's servant—I took up some ale and

tobacco to the prisoners on the first-floor, and left them—about a quarter of an hour afterwards I went up towards the bed-room door, and heard a whistle on the first-floor—I saw Lowes coming out of the bed-room—he said "Lor, I have made a mistake and gone into the wrong room"—I said, "Lor, have you? "and he came down and went into the public room—I informed my mistress—there was no one there but the prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. Had you been into the bed-room that morning before? A. No; it was after I passed the public room that I heard the whistle—the stairs face the door; they could see me going up.





THOMAS SOLOMON
 (policeman, G 54). I took the prisoners—I found a bunch of skeleton keys on Lowes, one of which opens the bed-room door, and another the drawers—they would not givetheir names—they all said they had no address," Put down what you like."





JOHN PORTER
 (policeman, G 101). I found this watch and chain, a sovereign, and seven shillings under the seat in the first-floor room at Mrs. Harvey's—the sovereign was wrapped in a little piece of paper.

LOWES—


GUILTY
.*— Aged 30.

HARRIS—


GUILTY
.*— Aged 33.





Transported for Ten Years.


THOMPSON—


GUILTY.*—  Aged 33.
