





1225. 




HENRY BARNABY
 was indicted

for stealing at 
Harefield, 1 bag, value 6d.; 1 purse, Gd.; 20 pieces of parchment, 20s.; 1 20l., 4 10l., and 7 5l. Banknotes; 1 600l., 4 10l., and 7 5l. promissory notes, and 1 order for 100l.; the property of 



John Ratcliff, in his dwelling-house; and 



MARGARET BARNABY



, for feloniously receiving one 20l., and 2 5l. promissory notes, well knowing the same to have been stolen.


MESSRS. CLARKSON and HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN RATCLIFF
. I am a victualler, and live at Harefceld, four or five miles from Uxbridge. On Saturday, the 3rd of Jan., I had in a box in mj bed-room, (which I saw safe under my bed between four and five o'clock hi the evening, when I took some money from it,) about four 20l. notes of the Uxbridge Bank, a 20l. Bank of England note, nine or ten 10l. notes, some of the Uxbridge, and some of the Baak of England, and about fifteen 5l. notes of the Bank of England and Uxbridge, some title deeds, and other articles—r there was a bag, but, I believe, no gold in it—there are two beds in tit room—the box was under a bed close to my own—I locked the box, and left it there—my attention was called about ten o'clock that evening, and the box was gone—I gave information to the police, and offered a reward—I hai a dub at the house that day; I was short of hands, and was very busy—there were a great many people in all the rooms—the bed-room door is not always fastened—there is an out-house adjoining my house, in which I keep a butcher's-shop—I am in and out there several times a day, and was so between six and seven o'clock—I afterwards found the title deeds, and saw the 20l. note in the possession of Lee, the constable—I had received it from Mr. Collins, and am confident it was the same—the male prisoner was in the habit of being at my house—I have employed him as a labourer, and he knew the localities of the house—(looking at the 20l. note)—I know this by the name of "William Jupp" on it, and it being a little defaced with black ink.





JOHN JAMES RATCLIFF
. I am the prosecutor's son, and assist in his business. On this Saturday evening, between seven and eight o'clock, I went into the back house, and found the back door open—I closed it—I had been there-about an bom before—it was shut then—the bed-room is on the first floor—I was at home all the evening—my father gave an alarm at ten o'clock—oo Sunday morning, the 4th of Jan., about nine, I saw the male prisoner aod Charles Lamb go up a road opposite oar house, in a direction towards Banyard's wood—I heard nothing of the property till the 17th of March, when Joseph Lacey gave roe information—I accompanied him to a furze-field about two miles from our premises—I saw Lacey's son in the field, and my taker's box in some furze—it was pointed eut to me as the place where Lacey had found it—I opened it, and found the thle deeds and a check for 100l.—there were no notes in it—the title-deeds and other property amounted to 7,000l. or 8,000l. value to him—there was a promissory note lor 600l.—all the property, except the notes and money, were in it, also the bag and purse—the lock of the box was broken.





JOSEPH LACEY
. On the 17th of March I was cutting furze in a field at Hickmanswortb, and found a box, which 1 gave to Mr. Ratcliff, jun., in the state I found it—this is it—it was closed, but the lock broken.





WILLIAM MILLARD
. I am porter to Mr. Oliver. Three or four months ago the male prisoner came and asked me if I could get him change for a 5l. note—this was at my master's shop, in Kingsland-road—I said, "Mr. Oliver, Mr. Holmes's man wants change for a 5l. note"—(he used to work for Mr. Holmes, of Harefield)—he said he would stand a drop of beer—I gave the note to Edward Oliver—he went forchange, and gave it to the prisoner—w> to a public-house and had a pot of beer—while there he said, "If you

see either of the other men you need not say anything of having seen me"—I suppose he meant the men who came from Harefield with beech—I was not aware that he had left Holmes then.





EDWARD OLIVER
. I received a 5l. note from Millard, got it changed, and gave the change to the prisoner, who went away with Millard.





MARY BRANCH
. I am the wife of Charles Branch, of Harefield, a labourer. I know the male prisoner very well—he lives at Harefield—on the Saturday night that Mr. Ratcliff lost his property I saw the male prisoner standing in the road as I came from Ratcliff's butcher's shop—he was a few yards from the public-house—it was about seven o'clock, or a little after—he was in the main road—the back door comes into the yard.





MATTHEW WEBB
. I live at Harefield. On the 18th of March I was at work in Banyard's wood, where there are some stubs of trees—I found some papers in the wood with Mr. Ratcliff's name on them—I gave them to my father—I did not see any snares there.





CHARLES FILKNIS
. I am a blacksmith, and live at Harefield. On the Sunday morning after Mr. Ratcliff's robbery I was in the neighbourhood of Banyard's wood a little after nine o'clock, and saw the male prisoner and Charles Lamb going in a direction from Mr. Ratcliffs towards Banyard's wood—I went another way to them, and saw some fresh footsteps had been over the hedge—I followed them, and that led me to two or three wire snares—I afterwards heard of Webb finding some papers—he pointed out the spot to me—it was where the snares were.





ELIZA FORD
. I am servant to Mr. Ratcliff. On Saturday evening the 3rd of Jan. I went out about seven o'clock to fetch some errands, and met the male prisoner about ten yards from our back door, looking over the paling at the back of our premises—I was absent a quarter of an hour—when I came back he was not standing where I had left him—I could not see him at all—I went up stairs to take off my bonnet and shawl in my room, which joins master's—it was club night, and there were a good many people in the place'—I did not see whether the prisoner was in the house—it was between seven and eight when I returned—I did not go into master's bed-room—there are two beds in his room, and room enough between them to set a chair—when I came down stairs, J heard a rumbling noise in a little room over the bar adjoining master's bed-room—I thought it was master, and thought nothing of it at the moment.

MR. COLLINS. I am cashier to Hall and Co., of the Uxbridge bank. On the 27th of Nov. Mr. Ratcliff had from our bank ten 20l. Uxbridge banknotes—the 20l. note produced is one of them—I have the number and signature—I paid him at the same time five 5l. notes.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What is that paper which you have? A. A copy of the entry—I did not make the entry myself.

MR. RATCLIFF. I know this 20l. note by a particular mark on it—here is "W. Jupp" which I had seen on it.





WM. WARMAN
. I live at Ruislip, about three miles from Harefield—I have known the male prisoner four or five years—six or seven weeks ago I was in his company for several nights, and on the Sunday we were together on Hare-field-common (I had heard of this robbery, and been accused of it myself—I was coming home from London one day, and met Charles Lamb)—I said to the prisoner, "Nanny, how sly you kept things, Charles has told me how you fetched the money out"—he said, "Has he? come and sit down, and I will tell you all about it"—I went and sat down under the trees—he told me he went about seven o'clock at night, or a little after, and pulled his shoes off a little way from the back door, opened the back door, and left it ajar; then

opened the stair foot door, went up three or four stairs, and saw John Ratdiff come to the back door—he stopped there till he went away—he saw John Ratdiff shut the back door, and when he went away, he went up stairs into the bed-room, and tried to light a lucifer, which would not light—he searched about the room, and could not find anything, that he went into the next room, and the servant-girl came up stairs, he went and laid down between the two beds, till she went down again; then got up, looked through the window, and saw Mr. Ratcliff sitting in his butcher's shop; that he put his hand under the bed, felt the box, lifted it up, shook it, but did not hear anything shake—it felt heavy, and he took it down stairs, and went and hid it—he did not say where—he said he opened it, and took some notes home to his wife to read them, but she said she could not read them, and the next morning Lamb came to the house, and said, "Nanny, old Ratcliff has lost a lot of money," and he said to Lamb, "I have got some papers I want you to look at"—Lamb said, "Let us go down into Banyard's, and look at our wires"—they went down there, and looked their papers and notes over, and them as warnt any good they tucked into the stubs—they brought them home again, and halved them—he took his half down, and sewed it up in his mother's bed—Lamb's wife sewed hers round her petticoat and in her stays—he said that next night they took the box to the footpath, and took it across Juniper's into a footpath, and went out into the road, and saw the policeman, and after seeing a policeman they went round the other way to the box, and took it into the furze field, and hid it in the furze—he said he gave his sister some of the notes—I then left him—after the robbery he came to me, and asked me to go to London with him, for he was in a bother, and had no money but a note, and wanted me to see what it was—I said, I was no scholar—we went to London, and took the note to my mother, Mrs. Kempton, to read—she said it was a 5l. note—I went whh him to a timber-yard, and saw Millard, to whom he gave the 5l. note—Millard gave it to the boy to get change—he brought the change, and gave it to the prisoner—he told Millard if any of his men came up, he had no occasion to say anything to them about it—he asked Millard to go and have a pot of beer.

Q. Had you spoken to him about Ratcliff's robbery before this conversation? A. Yes, and he said he knew nothing about it till after I said I had seen Lamb—Lamb had not told me about it, but I said he had, to get it out of him—we returned from London to Uxbridge by the train, and he paid 1l. out of Millard'8 money, which he had been fined for poaching—I knew he was out of employ on the 3rd of Jan., and that made me suspect him, when he told Millard not to say anything—I had nothing to do with the robbery, I was accused of it, and they searched me and my mother's house, and I did what I could to find it out—I have been in trouble for poaching.





MARIA KEMPTON
. I am the last witness's mother. He came to me with a note, to tell him what it was—the male prisoner was about ten yards from my door—I live at Ruislip—I said it was a 5l. bank-note.





WALTER ROBERT LEIGH
 (policeman). In consequence of suspicion, I got a warrant and searched Warman's mother's house—I had a warrant against him and the male prisoner also—I know nothing was found at Warman's house—I did not execute the warrant myself—Lamb has been in custody, charged as a receiver, and discharged—I do not know where to find him now—it was not known that the prisoner bad made a disclosure then—Lamb I believe lived in Norfolk, and has returned there—Harefield is his native. place—on Saturday evening, the 3rd of Jan., I was at Harefield, and saw the male prisoner after sunset—he had a pair of heavy laced-up boots on—I saw him unlock the door of his cottage, take off the boots, and put on a pair of lighter ones—he came out and walked towards Mr. Ratcliff's house—I saw

him about six that evening, standing at the crossing opposite Ratcliff's door, looking about—he was afterwards given into my custody in May by Howard, who apprehended him—I said, "I suppose he told you the charge he brought you on?"—he said, "I don't remember"—I said, "It is for Mr. Ratcliff's bank-note robbery"—he said, "I was not in Mr. Ratcliff's house on the night of the robbery, and as to the bank-notes I never had one"—on Wednesday, the 20th of May, I went to Miss Pitts, Kensington-square, in consequence of information I received from Warman, and found the female prisoner in service there—she is the male prisoner's sister—I told her I heard she had received some bank-notes from her brother, and that I was a police-officer—I was in private clothes—she denied it several times—I said I was confident of my information, and should search her box—after some hesitation, she said she had received two Uxbridge 5l. notes from him four months previous, as near as she could judge, and that he told her he had found them—she took me to the tradesmen where she had passed them afterwards—I found her statement correct—she said she had passed them to Mayhew and Jeffrey—I said, "I have very strong suspicion you have more notes"—she said she had not—I explained to Miss Pitts the nature of the case, and after some hesitation the prisoner said she had got a 20l. Uxbridge note, which she received from her brother—she took me to her box in the kitchen, and produced it from there, and said her brother said he found it, that she received that after the fives.

Cross-examined. Q. You found her in respectable service? Yes—her mistress spoke highly of her.





JOSEPH MATHEW
. I am assistant to Mr. Corder, linen-draper, of Kensington. Last Feb. the prisoner bought some black merino for a dress, and paid me a 5l. Uxbridge bank-note—I asked her name and her mistress's address, which she refused to give me—she had been in the habit of coming to the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. You had no suspicion of her conduct? A. No—Mr. Corder knew where she lived.





FREDERICK JEFFREY
. I am foreman to Mr. Todd, cheesemonger, Islington—about three months ago I gave the female prisoner change for a 5l. Uxbridge note, when she came to pay her mistress's bill.





WILLIAM HOWARD
 (policeman). On the Sunday night after the robbery, at twelve o'clock, I was in the road leading from a furze field to Banyard-field, and saw the male prisoner coming along the road, in company with Charles Lamb in a straight direction to where I was standing—when they got close to me I stopped them and asked where they came from—they said they came straight along the road and were going to Banyard's-heath—I let them go—they were nearly a mile from the furze field where the box was found, but in a direction from it, and about two miles from the snares—I apprehended the male prisoner on the 18th of May—on coming to the station he asked me what I wanted him for—I said I would tell him when we got there, and when we got there he said, "Do you think I have got old Ratcliff's money I"—I said, "I leave you to say that"—he came round and said, "Has that d—d Warman been saying anything?"—that is all that passed.

Henry Barnabys Defence. I gave my sister the notes, I did not know what they were.

HENRY BARNABY—

GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.



MARGARET BARNABY—

NOT GUILTY
.
