





1050. 




ROBERT WILLES,



 GEORGE LLOYD
, and 




GEORGE CUNNINGHAM



 were again indicted, for that they having in their custody and possession a certain Bill of Exchange for the payment of 52l. 10s. 7d. on the 
11th of February, feloniously did forge an endorsement upon the said bill with intent to defraud 



Charles Monro Johnson.—2nd COURT, for uttering the same with like intent.—3rd and 4th COUNTS, stating the intent to be to defraud 



Stevens Wood.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JACOB RUFFY
. I live in Mark-lane. On the night of the 26th of February, my place was broken into, and I lost some securities, among others this bill, for 52l. 10s. 7d.—the endorsement now on it in my name, is not in my handwriting—I never authorized any one to sign it for me—I never knew of the endorsement being on it till it was shown to me by Mr. Thompson—it was not on it when in my place.





SAMUEL FLETCHER
. I live in St. Luke's. On the 11th of February I went with Lloyd to the Auction-mart—he had this bill in his possession at the time—I saw Baker there, and introduced him to him, and he introduced him to Mr. Wood to get the bill discounted—Mr. Wood looked at it, and said it was specially endorsed to Mr. Ruffy, and was not negotiable without Mr. Ruffy's endorsement—I left shortly after that.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You were not before the Justice? A. No—Davis pointed me out.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you go on the Monday with anybody to get an answer about the bill? A. I went on the Friday and Saturday, but this bill was given to Mr. Wood on the Saturday—I went on the Monday—Cunningham waited at a house opposite, and said if Mr. Wood brought the money for the bill he was to be sent for.





STEVENS WOOD
. I know a person named Baker—on the 11th of February he introduced the prisoner Lloyd to me at the Auction-mart—Lloyd produced this bill to me for the purpose of my getting it discounted—I said it was specially endorsed to Mr. Ruffy, and was not negotiable in that state—he said he would go and get it endorsed—I do not think anybody

was present when he said so—Baker might have been there—I asked how long he would be—he said he should be gone about an hour that be bad to go to the Commercial-road—in about an hour he returned, and Cunningham and Willes with him—Lloyd produced the bill endorsed as it is now, and said it was endorsed as I had requested it to be—the other two were present, and might have heard that—I should say they did hear it—they were close enough to do so—some further conversation took place about leaving the bill—Lloyd at first hesitated at leaving the bill with me—Willes said he had known me some length of time, and if I gave an undertaking to return the bill, or give the cash for it, it might be left with safety in my hands, and it was so left—Cunningham said nothing—Lloyd said if he could not come next morning I was to give the money or the bill to Mr. Cunningham, the same as I should do to Lloyd—I had bad some transactions with Willes some two years before, and had occasionally met him, but had no communication with him on the subject of any bill—on the following morning Cunningham came—I told him I had not succeeded in getting cash for the bill, and he had better leave it with me until the Monday, and perhaps I might succeed in another quarter—he agreed to that, and promised to come on the Monday, but I saw no more of him or either of the parties—I was in the City on the Monday, and about at various places—I did not go over the way to anybody—I cannot say whether I saw Fletcher that day—I did not see him to speak to him—I do not remember going to a house—I did not see him on Monday the 14th—I made a communication on the subject to Mr. Johnson.

Cross-examined. Q. Who had you been in the habit of discounting bills for in connexion with this bill? A. Not in connexion with that bill—I had been in the habit of doing business with Baker, who is a commission-agent—I never saw Fletcher before to speak to him—Mr. Johnson locked me in his office—I was given in charge in his office on the following Saturday.

Q. When did you first tell anybody that you got the bill from these people? A. When I was taken into custody—they kept me from the Saturday till the Friday following, when I told them where I got it from—I told Mr. Johnson when I took the bill to him that I had a bill of his acceptance left with me for discount, and the parties had left it five or six days without calling for it, and that being the sixth day I did not know what to do with it—I wished to know how to act—I went to him on the Saturday—I expected them to call the Monday before for the bill.





JOHN FREDERICK COBET
. On the 10th of February Cunningham and Willes came to my place to get some bills discounted—one of them took the bills out of his pocket—they were both in the room at the time, but a little distance one from the other—the second bill wanted an endorsement, it being specially endorsed to Jacob Ruffy, Esq.—I asked him whether his name was Ruffy—on his saying no, I asked him whether he was the holder—he said he was—on my saying I could not make up my mind about the bills, they said they had got another bill of 50l. odd, which they promised to bring me the next day—I hesitated, feeling suspicious of the matter, and yet not liking to impeach anybody, I suspended my judgment till I saw that bill which they were to bring next day—it was stated that Mr. Ruffy's endorsement could easily be got—I believe they bothe said so—I was ill in bed at the time, and could not exactly state, but I think it was said by both—Willes placed himself more towards the window after

having introduced the other—he took part in a certain portion of the conversation—to the best of my recollection, he said that could easily be got—believe it emanated from him, but I am not certain—I recollect Cunningham saying that he knew little about bills—they left me to return next day with the the third bill, and next day Cunningham came.

COURT. Q. If Willes said so, Cunningham must have heard it? A. All that Willes said Cunningham must have heard, but not the contrary, because Willes happens to be deaf—if it passed the presence of both—Cunningham returned about the middle of the following day, the 11th—he did not bring me the 501. bill—on that occasion I gave him a caution about the bills—when I found the third bill was not forthcoming, I saw there was a backwardness to convince me the bills were honestly got—I let loose my impressions that they were improperly obtained, told him I was old enough to be his father, and said, "Suppose these bills have been found?"—he said, "Well, suppose they have?"—that was enough to raise my suspicion, and for that reason, I said I would have nothing to do with it, and that I would advise him not to have any thing to do with it, for there must be forgery committed before the bill specially endorsed could be negotiated—I said there must be fraud in one case—and forgery in the other—neither of those was the bill in question, I never saw that.





ROBERT BAKER
. I am acquainted with Fletcher. I introduced Lloyd, through Fletcher, to Wood, to have the bill discounted—it was about one o'clock, as near as I can say, at the Auction-mart—I took no notice of the conversation.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. An agent, Fletcher is not a friend of mine—I have known him ten or twelve yean—I heard of his being in trouble some time ago—he introduced me to Lloyd—I did not make a bargain about what I was to have for my trouble in the matter—I expected, if any business was done, I should have a commission—I did not stipulate for it—I had a friend in the parlour at the time, and went to him—I have been in the habit of getting bills discounted, but I knew nothing about foreign bills—I did not go to see the parties about the endorsement of the bill—Wood came and said he could not get the bill without giving an undertaking for it—I did not hear the prisoners say thing about the endorsement, as I was not there.





CHARLES WALLER
. I am a City police inspector. While I was inquiring into this matter, on the subject of the 521. bill, I saw Willes, on a Saturday, at the station—I said nothing then—I saw him again on a Monday, and he said he knew all about it—I said, "All about what?"—he said he could put me in the way of apprehending the parties that broke into the place, and did it—he said he had bills in his possession—I asked him what bills—he said he had the three bills in his possession—I had the 52l. 10s. bill in my possession at the time, and showed it to him—he said that was one of them—I asked him where the other two were—he said they were burnt—I asked him how he knew that—he said he saw them burnt, that there was a quarrel among them, and that was the reason the other two were burnt

Cross-examined. Q. I believe Cunningham rendered you all the assistance in his power? A. He did. Willes was alone when we had the conversation.

COURT. Q. In what way did Cunningham render you assistance? A. He showed me the residence of Davis, Clarke, and Saint, where to find

them—I mean assistance as to the charge of housebreaking—I had no conversation with Cunningham about the endorsed bill—I took the three into custody by his information—I told Lloyd he was charged with the robbery as well as the forgery—he said he knew nothing about the forgery—this was after the examination before the Magistrate.

Willes. What I said was, that Packer told me he saw the two small bills burnt, and the 52l. bill I only had about five minutes in my possession. Witness. That is not so—he said he had the three bills in his possession, and he saw the two bills burnt, and a lot more papers besides as much as a little basket would hold.

Willes. I said I had heard there had been some papers burnt, but I had not seen them. Witness. You said you saw them burnt, and you had a quantity of papers in your possession, and that even Mr. Ruffy did not know what he had lost yet.

Willes. I said I understood there was a Long Annuity warrant for 500l. they had in their possession, but I had not seen it, you said there was no such thing lost, and I said, "Well, I have heard there was".

MR. RUFFY
re-examined. There was in my place a certificate of a Government Annuity of 30l. which had been purchased for my sister—the consideration given for it was about 500l. or 600l.—that was not taken away from my place.





CHARLES MONRO JOHNSON
. I am the acceptor of this bill—it was brought to me on the 19th of February, the day it was due, by Wood, who made a communication to me respecting it.
(Bill read.)—"Madeira, 13th December, 1841. At thirty days' sight, pay this first of Exchange—second and third not being paid—to John Taylor, Esq., or order value balance of port charges. To Mr. JohnsonRowland Martin. Payable at the London and Westminster Bank. Endorsed, J. RUFFY."





ROBERT HAMBLIN
. I am a City policeman. On the evening of the 23rd, when Clarke, Saint, and Davis were taken into custody, I was going along Bishopsgate-street with Willes—it was raining at the time, and he voluntarily said, pointing to the umbrella I had, "I saw as many papers burnt belonging to Mr. Ruffy, as would fill that umbrella if it was inverted"—he said he had seen two bills burnt over a b—y quarrel between the parties.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you understand the burning took place? A. I do not recollect whether he said where it took place—I do not think I asked him—I have no recollection of it.

Q. Try and recollect yourself. Did you hear any thing about the Rum Puncheon? A. I have heard too much about it, but not at that time.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Where is the Rum Puncheon? A. In Rose and Crown-court, a few yards out of the City.

MR. PAYNE
to
CHARLES WALLER. Q. Do you remember Willes saying to Lloyd, "I took the bill to a person named Ruffy, to get the name written on the back?" A. There was something said I abort a bill taken to Mr. Ruffy, but I cannot recollect whether Willes said it or not—I did not hear it—I did not give Lloyd a pen and ink to write something down—I will swear I did not—nor a piece of paper—I saw nothing signed by Lloyd or Packer—Willes did not say when it was he knew of the Long Annuity—he said Mr. Ruffy was a foolish man; he did not know what he had lost, for there was as much

burnt as a basket would hold—he did not say when or where it was burnt.

Willes's Defence. As regards the forgery, I know nothing about it. It was taken away either by Lloyd or Cunningham, to get endorsed, and brought back again to the Auction-mart; and Cunningham hesitated to leave it with Wood. I said to Wood, "Give him an undertaking that you will return him the bill or money." I left the place and went to Brixton, where I had business. When I returned, I understood I was wanted, and I gave them every information I could, being in the habit of getting bills discounted. It was not for me to ask them about the bills. I introduced the parties to the party to discount them, and I have nothing more to do. They learn from the parties how to get them. As to the third bill in question, it never went to Cobet, but to Wood. With respect to asking them how they come by the bills, I have nothing to do with that; the party who discounts makes all these inquiries, and takes all the responsibility. I had it not in my possession five minutes. There seems to have been a mistake as to my seeing the papers burnt. I did not. I was told so by the landlord of the house; and it must be a misunderstanding of the officers. I might not have heard distinctly, being deaf. While they were gone to get the bill indorsed I was on business with other people at the Auction-mart; and when they came back, I said, "Leave it with Wood; if be gives you an undertaking to return the bill or the money." I have a character to lose, and I acted in the way I have said. I was not in the secret of the transaction; I only had to introduce the men to get the bill discounted; and it is hard I should be considered a party who stole the bill. It was morally impossible for me to tell how they came by them, and I was not to ask them; that was the business of the party discounting them. They should have gone to Mr. Ruffy, and asked if it was correct. I have not the slightest knowledge who did endorse it, or of the parties who committed the robbery, only from hearsay, from the landlord of the house, and the parties with me. I do not frequent the house. Lloyd came with his brother, and asked if I knew where he could get money on the bills; that he was in distress at the time, having his goods seized for rent. They were introduced to Wood in an indirect manner by me. I thought the thing was straightforward, and acted upon that impression as innocently as possible. While they went to get the bill endorsed, I stopped in the Auction-mart, in the tap-room, with other parties on business. When Wood was in custody I gave every information I was able; but was not aware there was any thing wrong till the policemen sent for me. I was out four or five days with them, till the parties were taken; then they turned round, and I was placed in custody with them. I forwarded every information I was in possession of to the proper quarter. I leave it in the hands of the Jury to decide if I was wrong—I did not know I was doing wrong.





THOMAS BROWN
. I am an attorney, and live in No. 37, Cumberland-street, Hackney-road. I have known Willes fifteen years—I know he has been in the habit of getting bills discounted for parties—I have myself handed him thirty or forty bills in that period; some he has returned, not being able to get them discounted, and others he has got done—I know he was in the habit of going to the Auction-mart, to Baker's coffee-house, where a number of agents go—I have seen bills passed across there for the purpose of getting discounted.


MR. BODKIN. Q. How long have you been an attorney? A. I was admitted on the 28th of December, 1833—I have not taken out my certificate for four years, but I have it now—I was clerk to Mr. Atkinson of No. 27, Carey-street.

COURT. Q. Did you ever put in suit any of the bills you had from him? A. None whatever.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you carry on any business in Cumberland-street? A. I do not carry on business at all—I do not go to the Auction-mart except to see a few persons I know—I do no business there, either in discount or otherwise—I only go to see Mr. Spencer, a clerk in the Bank—I have not heard that any of the bills I saw pass there were stolen—it is the Auction. mart coffee-house—I was never there above twenty times—I do not know that it is called the tap—I should say it was the coffee-room—the tables are covered over with tablecloths, and dinner and lunch set out for gentlemen in the mart to come down and dine—it is not where the cads of the omnibuses go—I should say I have given from twenty to thirty bills to Willes—I got them from time to time—I have been in the habit of having bills given me to get discounted, and I gave them to him for that purpose—it is three or four years since I gave him a bill to discount, but I have seen him constantly since—I have known him fifteen years—I hare seen him in London-wall, and at No. 1, Bell-alley, and other places—I have not handed him bills at all those places—I have done so at Pledger's, at the Castle public-house, at Moorgate—they were bills put in my possession by my clients, to get discounted.

WILLES—


GUILTY
. Aged 42.

LLOYD—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

CUNNINGHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.





Transported for Fifteen Years.

Third Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.

