




849. 



ANN SYKES
 and 



MARY TURNER
 were indicted for

feloniously assaulting 



Charlotte Wilbraham, putting her in fear, and stealing from her person, and against her will, 1 veil, value 1s.; the goods of 



James Wilbraham, and immediately before, at the time of, and afterwards beating, striking, and using other personal violence to her.






CHARLOTTE WILBRAHAM
. I am the wife of James Wilbraham, and live in Ann-street, Globe-fields—he is in the service of the East India Company—on Tuesday morning, the 31st of March, I was on my return from the Pavilion Theatre, walking arm in arm with Mrs. Williams, and on getting into White-chapel-road the prisoner Sykes came in front of me, parted me from Mrs. Williams, and pushed me against the house—I said to her, "Woman, what do you mean by this?"—she struck me, and I believe I struck her again, but I am not certain—I held my arm up—Turner came up and commenced beating me about my head—I instantly caught Sykes' arm and held it tight—she bit me on the back of my hand—I believe her object was to bite my ring off my finger—a man then came up and held my arm very tight, which made me relax my hold of Sykes—I called "Murder!" and "Police!" I saw Turner take my veil from my bonnet—it was a black lace veil—the officer came up on my calling "Murder!" and "Police!"—and I gave Sykes into custody—Turner walked by the side of Sykes a little while and then left—I did not give her into custody, my hand was smarting so—Turner broke the comb in my head with striking me—they both beat me about, Sykes with two hands and Turner with one hand—the witness Impey was of our party, and she tried to save my veil and received a blow in the face from Turner—we had been in a public-house just before this occurred—I saw both of the prisoners there, and two men—one of them was the man that held me.

Sykes. Q. Did you seize my hand and bite it? A. No—I did not scratch it, or put it in my month—nor did I tear your bonnet off your head and lay it down on the stones—there was no opportunity of putting it on the stones, there were too many people there—I might have torn your bonnet in defending myself—I struck you I believe, in self defence—my male friend did not strike you—Mr. Impey, Mrs. Williams's brother, was with me, and a little boy twelve years old, who stood at the edge of the pavement crying all the time—there were five of us—the man was persuading me to let you go or you would kill me—I said, "Never till the officer comes, and I will give her in charge"—the man made his escape—he stuck his elbow in my side, and grasped my arm, which made me relax my hold—a sailor came to the station, but that was not the man who held my arm—he looked a very honest hard-working sailor—I had never seen him till he came to the station—the man was quite a different looking man—I should know him again.

Turner. Q. Did not you strike Sykes' bonnet off? A. I do not say I did not—Mr. Impey said you had beaten me as much as Sykes, and when you came to the station-house to look for your friend I gave you in charge.





SARAH WILLIAMS
. I am the wife of Thomas Williams, a fishmonger at Blackwall—on the 31st of March I was on my way home from the Pavilion Theatre, walking arm in arm with Mrs. Wilbraham, along Whitechapel-road—Impey and his son were with us—we had seen the prisoners in the public-house, but not spoken to them—Sykes came up violently against Mrs. Wilbraham, forced her from my arm, and hustled her against the front of the house—then two men came up—one had the appearance of a sailor—he did

not interfere—I did not see Turner myself, there were so many taller than me—I swore to her at the station-house—she did nothing in my presence (looking at her deposition) this is my handwriting.

Q. You are made to say here "The other prisoner, Turner, ran up to us and surrounded us?" A. Yes, but I was separated from my friend—she did come up—there was a mob about us, a great many persons—I saw Turner's head, that was all—the policeman came and took Sykes into custody—when I got to the station-house Mrs. Wilbraham asked me to lend her 1s.—I put my hand into my pocket and missed my purse, which contained 15s. in silver—it was quite safe when I left the public-house—I had felt it as I walked along—it was safe in my pocket till these people interfered with us.

Turner. Q. What did you feel for the 1s. for? A. It was to pay to ride home.





ELIZABETH IMPEY
. I am single—I accompanied the last witnesses to the Pavilion Theatre—Sykes came up in the Whitechapel-road with great force and forced Mrs. Wilbraham from Mrs. Williams' arm—I saw Sykes strike Mrs. Wilbraham on the head, and I saw Turner strike her three or four times on the head, and take the veil off her bonnet—she pulled it off quite violently—I went to take it from her and she struck me on the right eye—I lost a small velvet tie from my neck in the scuffle—there was a mob about us immediately—Mrs. Wilbraham gave an alarm and a policeman came up—I halloed out three or four times for a policeman—he took Sykes into custody—I had not accosted Sykes, or given her any provocation—there had not been a word between us in the public-house—but they looked at us several times, and the men that were with them—we had not got above three or four doors from the public-house when this happened—they had come out before us and were a little way down the street when we came out.





WILLIAM CURTIS
 (police-constable K 345.) I was on duty in Whitechapel-road and heard a cry of "Murder!" and "Police!"—I found a crowd, and in the midst of the crowd I found Mrs. Wilbraham—she had hold of Sykes by her hand—two men had hold of Sykes, trying to pull her away from Mrs. Wilbraham—I seized hold of Sykes—I noticed that Mrs. Wilbrahan's hand was covered with blood, through the glove—the glove was torn—she complained of being bitten and struck, and mentioned the loss of her veil—I took Sykes to the station—owing to what she stated there I went outside and saw Turner by the door—I took her in and she was given in charge by Mrs. Wilbraham—all the parties identified her as the person who had taken the veil, and likewise assaulted her—whilst Mrs. Wilbraham was making the charge, Sykes said "You are a b—liar," and Turner said she was a liar, three or four times—the veil has not been found.

Turner. I should like to know why the sailor was not taken, he was along with me? Witness. It was not the same party that came afterwards to the station

Sykes's Defence. We had been to the Pavilion, and called my cousin out of the public-house; I was shoved up against the prosecutrix, and she tore at me, and tore my bonnet and cap, scratched my face, bit my hand, and ill-used me scandalously, and then she called the policeman and gave me in charge.

Turner's Defence. When I came out of the public-house I saw one of the females tearing Sykes's bonnet off; I went and picked it up; I found the cap torn all to pieces; I picked up one flower, and pinned it in; I tried to get Sykes away, but could not; the policeman took her; they all struck at her, and the man kicked me; I deny striking either of them, or taking anything; if I had been guilty I should not have gone to the station.

SYKES—


GUILTY
.

TURNER—


GUILTY
.





Transported for Fifteen Years.


(The policeman stated that the prisoners were prostitutes, and that Sykes had been several times in custody for disorderly conduct).
