





1888. 




GEORGE BARTON
, 



WILLIAM BARTON
, and 



HENRY HANBURY



, stealing 3 skins of parchment, value 13l. 10s.; 1 piece of paper, 1l. 10s.; 22 sheets of paper, 2s.; and 1 strap, 1s.; the goods of 



Benjamin Worthy Horne, and others, in the dwelling-house of 



John Swarbeck Gregory, and others; George Barton having been before convicted.


MESSRS. CLARKSON, BODKIN, and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY WISE
. I am clerk to Mr. Charles Hassell, an attorney, of Bristol. On 26th Sept. I packed up and sealed a parcel addressed to Lepard and Co., and put in course to go by the Great Western Railway—this is it—(opening it)—it contains an assignment of leasehold premises with a 9l. stamp on it, two skins of parchment with a 1l. stamp on each, and a paper with a 30s. stamp on it.





ROBERT BRUCE CORAM
. I am clerk to Messrs. Predo and Son, solicitors, of Bristol. On 26th Sept. I made up this parcel (produced), and sent it to Messrs. Horne, Loftus, and Young, our agents in London—it contained Chancery proceedings, not stamped; they were worth 4l. or 5l.; and there were twenty-four sheets of paper, worth 2s.





WILLIAM DAVY
. I am porter to Benjamin Worthy Horne and Co.—there are three partners—I attend at the Paddington terminus to receive parcels from the railway and deliver them in London—I have been employed so twelve months—the lawyers' parcels are smaller than the others, and are wrapped in cartridge-paper, and occasionally tied with pink tape—I have been in the habit of delivering parcels at the office of Gregory, Faulkner, and

Co., of Bedford-row—the laundress there is Mrs. Coombs—I generally left most of my parcels with her while I delivered a few in Bedford-row—I generally went there first, but not always—any one on the watch might have seen me do so—they were secured by a large strap, by which I carried them on my shoulder from the van at the corner of Brownlow-street—about a fortnight before 27th Sept. I saw George Barton, at the corner of Bedford-row, with some parcels secured by a strap—I thought he was porter to a railway, the same as myself, and asked him if he wanted Gregory's office—he said, "No, I want Parker, Hayes, and Parker"—that is in Lincoln's-inn-fields—that was all that passed between us—I left my parcels at Gregory and Faulkner's that day, and he might have seen me—on 27th Sept. I had twenty-four lawyers' parcels to deliver, City-way—there was one for Horne, Loftus, and Young, and one for Lepard and Co.—I went in my van to the corner of Brownlow-street, and went up Brownlow-street with them to Gregory and Faulkner's—I took out the two parcels, and left twenty-two with Mrs. Coombs, on the form in the hall—I took two parcels to the names of Algar and of Stevens, in Bedford-row—I was absent ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I returned to Gregory and Faulkner's, and found this bundle of parcels and book (produced) instead of mine—the hook is smaller, but a great deal like mine—I gave information at the George and Blue Boar—Mrs. Coombs delivered me a separate parcel with the book, and gave me some directions—I had not authorized anybody to substitute, and was not aware that any one had substituted parcels for mine—it was between eight and nine o'clock in the morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Had you ever seen George Barton before the first day you mention? A. No.





SARAH COOMBS
. I have attended to Messrs. Gregory and Faulkner's offices, Bedford-row, nearly ten years—Davy was in the habit of leaving his parcels on a seat in the hall of a morning, sometimes—he did so on 27th Sept.—they were strapped together by a leather strap—soon after he left, George Barton came, and said, "Has my fellow-servant from the Great Western Railway been here?"—I said, "A young man from the Great Western Railway has been here; those are his parcels; he had nothing for us this morning; perhaps you have got something for us?"—he said he had nothing for me—he had a book and a small parcel in his hand, in brown paper, with seals on it, and some red tape—these are them—(produced)—he said, "The young man has got the wrong bundle; give him this parcel (laying the book on it), and tell him to deliver it as soon as he can, and meet me at the George and Blue Boar, for I am in a hurry to deliver my parcels"—he took Davy's parcels on his shoulder with his strap, as though he was going to deliver them, and went down Brownlow-street—in about ten minutes Davy returned, and I told him what had happened, and what the young man said about meeting him at the George and Blue Boar—next evening I saw Smith, the officer, and described George Barton to him—I did not then know that he was in custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Never, to my knowledge—I said he was a very fair young man, with a cap, and his hair very light, and very light eyes, and had something the matter with his nose.

William Barton. Q. What time was it? A. A quarter or half-past eight ours is not a dark place inside—the door was open.





CHARLES THOMAS RATTENBURY
. I am clerk to Messrs. Gregory and Faulkner—there are four partners—Mr. Gregory's name is John Swarbeck Gregory—the housekeeper sleeps in the house, which is in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn.






THOMAS SAUNDERS
. I am a cabinet-maker. I have known William Barton nearly four months, and Hanbury eight or nine weeks—about the middle of Aug. I was engaged with them in making up these parcels—about six or seven weeks before 27th Sept., Barton and I met in the morning by appointment—he pointed out to me a man who carried parcels, who had left a van at the corner of Brownlow-street, and took the parcels to Gregory and Faulkner's—he left them there while he went elsewhere—Barton said, "Do you think you can make up anything like that, Tom?"—I said, "I don't know, I will try"—he said, "If you can, there will be at least 50l. or 100l. a piece for us"—I went with him to see that, fourteen or fifteen times, to see whether he would continue to leave them there or at any fresh place—he did not explain what it was for until the last time—I afterwards met him by appointment at Lee-street, Burton-crescent, and went to Hanbury's lodging in Hart. street, Covent-garden, to make up some parcels—he gave me 3d. to buy some cartridge-paper, I bought two damaged sheets, which came to 21l. 2d.—they had plenty of brown paper—(the day before that Barton gave me 1d. to purchase a piece of lawyer's narrow tape, I got it at Howitt's in Holborn, and gave it to Barton, we then separated, and made the appointment for the next day)—I had never been to Hanbury's before—he lodges in the first-floor front room—directly we saw Hanbury, "William Barton pulled out a book, like this produced, and said, "I think this will do, Harry, will it not?"—Hanbury said, "Yes, this is something like it"—he had given it to me to write on, and I wrote on it, "Great Western Railway-office, 1849, packet-book"—we then proceeded to make up parcels—Hanbury cut a piece of wood shorter, which was rather too long, and Barton pulled some list out of his pocket to make it look larger; this is it with the list on it (opening it)—they were folded over and made into parcels by each of us; these are the dummies I made—five or six parcels were fastened together by string, three with the red tape, and one was sealed with this seal, which Hanbury produced, and at Barton's suggestion I directed it to Evelyn and Louth, civil engineers, Guild-ford-street—these two dark seals were put on it, in my presence—Barton melted the wax—here are two seals on it which I know nothing about—this is the piece of wax which was used (produced)—it was joined together by Hanbury, in my presence—Barton produced a strap like this (produced), and gave it to Hanbury, who strapped eight parcels together, and one was kept loose—they were then put away, and Hanbury was to meet me and Barton at the Robin Hood in Holborn on the following morning, when Hanbury was to bring them to me to be changed for the parcels which would be left at Gregory and Faulkner's—after we had made up the parcels, we three went to a public-house in Long Acre, next to King-street, I do not know the sign, and had a pint of porter and half-a-quartern of gin—on the morning the tape was purchased, and on the next morning also, we called at the Hand-in-Hand public-house, at the corner of Hand-court, a very little way from Gregory and Faulkner's—on the first morning the man did not leave the parcels; Barton looked out, and said he had seen three or four policemen about, and he thought it would not do—the parcels were brought in a basket, which Hanbury brought, with a saw and a hammer peeping out at each end, to make it look like a tool-basket—I was taken to the workhouse that day, having no means of providing for my wife and family, and I wanted to carry on this thing as far as I could, and then go to the workhouse—I have seen Barton twice since; once in the workhouse, about a fortnight afterwards, and once in the street—I was afterwards taken in the workhouse by a policeman, on suspicion of stealing some things from my furnished lodgings—about a

month afterwards I heard that this robbery was discovered, I saw it in the newspaper, I got over the workhouse-wall, went to the Great Western Rail-way, and communicated with Mr. Collard's clerk—Mr. Collard did not know where to find me before that.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you last work as a cabinet-maker? A. At Mr. Perrin's, in Wells-street, Oxford-street, twelve months ago—I was there ten weeks—I have since parted with my clothes and furniture, to maintain myself—I was at another situation, with Mr. Matthew, two years,

William Barton. Q. Did you ever keep a house in Orange-street? A. Yes—I did not swindle anybody there—I have been locked up at Clerkenwell once during the last three months—I was not charged with stealing two workboxes, and selling the duplicates.

Hanbury. Q. How many times have you seen me in your life? A. Not above four or five times.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you ever been charged with any offence before a Magistrate, except for robbing your lodgings? A. Yes; with stealing two duplicates, but I was discharged, as I also was for robbing the lodgings—I have never been convicted in any Court.





MARY RYAN
. I am servant to Mr. Howell, of the Hand-in-Hand public-house, Holborn. I have seen Saunders, William Barton, and Hanbury there, about four times—they generally came from nine to ten o'clock in the morning—to the best of my belief I saw them there a day or two before I heard of the robbery; they stopped about an hour—on the next morning I saw the two Bartons there; the father had a basket, like a carpenter's.





PRISCILLA NASH
. In Sept. last I had charge of the Hand-in-Hand public-house, in the absence of Mrs. Howell. I was there about seven weeks; until about Michaelmas—I have seen the three prisoners there, and have also seen Saunders, but not with them—I remember George Barton calling for a cake which he had left there—I have seen Hanbury with a basket, which appeared like a carpenter's basket—I saw a saw in it—William Barton wore a white blouse.





SAMUEL WALKER
. I am principal porter at Lincoln's-inn, and know William Barton's person very well. On Thursday, 27th Sept., about half-past eight or a little before nine o'clock, I saw him in Chancery-lane, passing Lincoln's-inn gateway, towards Fleet-street; I watched him as far as Carey-street; he wore a white blouse—I bad seen him several times before in that week—on Monday and Tuesday he wore the brown coat which he now wears; on Wednesday he had a white blouse under it; and on the Thursday he had a white blouse only—on the Monday he returned to the corner of Cursitor-street, walking backwards and forwards, as if waiting for somebody.

William Barton. I was waiting to see Mr. Moulton, the law-stationer; do not you know that he is a brother-in-law of mine? Witness. I do not.





ALFRED MILLER
. I am in the service of Mr. Howitt, haberdasher of Holborn—I know this piece of red tape by the private mark—it was sold at our house for 1d.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman, E 50). On Friday, 28th Sept., I took George Barton in the street, close to Clarendon-square, Somers-town—I said I wanted him, on suspicion of stealing twenty-two parcels from Gregory and Faulkner's, Bedford-row—he said, "Very well, 1 can go"—on that evening I received these nine dummy parcels from a young man in Chaplin and Horne's emplo'y—I saw Mrs. Coombs that day, at her lodging at Robert-street—she gave me a description of the person who took the parcels—that was after I had taken George Barton, but before she saw him—I had

not described him to her—she described him to me, as we went to the station—her description corresponded with him; on his first examination he was dressed different to what he is now; he had an old brown coat, the same as he had when taken—on the second examination he was dressed somewhat as he is now, but he had the coat in the box with him—Mrs. Coombs was examined, on the first examination, against George Barton only—his father was in the Court—I took Hanbury on the 10th, at his lodging in Hart-street, Covent-garden—(I had not then taken William Barton—Mr. Collard took him next morning)—I found this seal and sealing-wax in a desk at Hanbury's lodging—I have comparedt he seal with the seals on this parcel, and believe they were made with it—I saw Saunders previous to Hanbury and Barton's apprehension, and he communicated with me and Mr. Collard, and described the fabricated parcels—he had no opportunity of seeing them before giving that description—his description corresponded with the parcels, and also with the book—Hanbury's room was in a very filthy state, there was a tremendous quantity of bugs, and I found bugs in the parcels—I found a quantity of brown paper there and this basket (produced)—I found this receipt on him—(read—"Received, Oct. 4th, of Mr. Barton, one guinea, retainer for Mr. Pelham.—JOHN TOZER."—Mr. Pelham was George Barton's solicitor. JOSEPH COLLARD. I am principal police-officer of the Great Western Railway—I took the elder Barton, I have known him several years, sometimes by the name of Edward Barton and Burton—I have heard him call himself "Ned"—I was with Smith when he searched Hanbury's lodging, and saw him find this seal and wax in a desk—I found this bill of exchange (produced).





WILLIAM COLE
. I live at 2, Draper's-place, Burton-crescent, and know William Barton and Hanbury. On 10th Oct. I met Barton in a public-house in Union-street, Somers-town, by accident—he said he wanted me to come to Newgate at the time of his son's trial, to try to prove that his son was in my company with others in Covent-garden, at the time the Great Western Railway robbery took place, and 1 should be very well satisfied—I said, "Very well, "I would consider of it, and informed Smith the policeman next morning—Barton told me that if, after the boy had had his trial, Chaplin and Home did not come down with some money, they would write to the persons that the parcels came from—I had seen him previous to that, at the same public-house, on 29th Sept., and he said, "We have the parcels safe enough, Cole, and it will cost them twopence-halfpenny to get them back again"—I have seen Hanbury with Barton once or twice.

William Barton. Q. What are you? A. A greengrocer—it is twelve months since I was in business—I have once been employed by Mr. Bloomfield, a house-agent—I do not know Jack Hands—I know the Britannia, Bishopsgate-street—I work for a man who uses that house—I have pawned watches for him, I cannot say how many—not 200—I did not offer you any watches to pawn that morning—your other son had one—I have given this son watches to pawn—I am a regular duff—I have kept two beer-shops—I paid the rent of the last one—I have never been a witness to prove an alibi—I was not connected with Saunders in robbing a lady of half a sovereign—when you met me, I said I was going to St. Albans, and you said you were going to Edmonton—I did not say I was going to lumber a couple of watches.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. He knew what sort of a person you were before he asked you to prove an alibi? A. Yes.






RICHARD LELAND
. I am acquainted with William Barton, and have seen Hanbury once at the Eastnor Castle, Somers-town, with Barton and two young men, in conversation—they whispered, but I heard partly what they said—Barton said he was to be at a certain place at six o'clock in the morning, before the houses were open; that he went, and as soon as the houses were open, had something to drink, and came out and said, "It is too early for the job this morning, it must be put off"—and while he was speaking, up came the parcels—I heard him repeatedly say, "We have got the parcels safe enough;" and that Mr. Collard had offered him money for them, and also Mr. Dawson, who had something to do with the Great Western, but he refused it, as it was not enough, and there was 30s. arrears with Mr. Dawson on the last account, and that he had told Chaplin and Horne that if they hurt his son, he would hurt them, and if his son was transported he would burn the parcels.

William Barton. Q. You said, at the last examination, that you had two 5l. notes at the public-house—have you said so to-day? A. No—I said I owed a man 30s., and you said you put the drawers on one of the parcels—a party asked what the drawers were, and you said, "Drawing on, account."





THOMAS HUTCHINS
. I am street-keeper of Bedford-row. About six weeks ago I saw George Barton standing at the top of Bedford-row with a basket like a carpenter's, about half-past nine o'clock in the morning, talking to another lad—the basket was on the pavement—when he saw me he took it up and walked away—I have seen him in Bedford-row three or four times since, looking about him—he was about fifty yards from Gregory and Faulkner's offices.





RICHARD SHEHAN
. I am gatekeeper of St. Pancras' Workhouse—Saunders has been an inmate there four or five weeks, and is so now—William Barton came there to see him on Wednesday, 10th Oct.—he was not permitted to do so, by the rules of the house—he asked to leave something, and did so—it was given to Saunders.

William Barton's Defence. Cole and Saunders are regular thieves and house-breakers, and this is a made-up concern altogether.

Hanbury's Defence. I never saw Cole or Saunders in my life—I have beeu twenty-two years in one situation, and was never confined before.





JOHN MOORE
 (policeman, N 212). I produce a certificate of George Barton's conviction—(read Convicted March, 1848, of stealing meat, confined three months)—he is the person—I was present—he has been convicted since that, and had three months.

GEORGE BARTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.

WILLIAM BARTON—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

HANBURY—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

