





743. 




JOHN MURPHY
 was indicted for

stealing 30 yards of printed cotton, value 16s., the goods of 



Jonathan Crocker the younger, and another, his masters: and 





MARGARET MURPHY



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am principal officer of the Mansion-house. I took John Murphy into custody on the 18th of Jan., by the prosecutor's direction—I found on him these two duplicates, dated 27th Dec.—he said he lived at his mother's—I found he did not live there—he then told me where he did live—I took the female prisoner, who is hia mother, and was present when she was examined.





RICHARD FAULKNER
. I am in the service of Mr. Telfer, a pawnbroker. I produce a piece of printed cotton, pawned on the 27th Dec. by Margaret Margaret murphy, for 6s.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you seen her before? A. Yes, I knew her well.





WILLIAM LAWRENCE
. I am in the service of Mr. Howell, a pawnbroker, in Beech-street. I produce a piece of cotton, pawned by Margaret Murphy on the 27th Dec, for 3s.—this is the duplicate I gave—I knew her before.





JONATHAN CROCKER
, the younger. I am in partnership with my brother—we are Manchester warehousemen, in Friday-street, Cheapside. John Murphy was in our employ about four months—he had 1l. a week—he was light porter and half warehouseman—he had access to this property—on the 18th of Jan. I gave him into custody of Forrester—this printed cotton if ours—this piece has our mark on it—when I first saw it it waa in the original folds in which it left our warehouse—this and the piece produced by the other pawnbroker formed originally one piece—there is no doubt of it, and we had such in our warehouse.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the private mark? A. This ticket marked "A. O." and a "K"—this is our mark—I cannot say who put it on—whoever received it in our warehouse put the mark on it—I cannot swear this has not been sold—there are twenty-five persons in our employ.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did you ever sell it to either of the prisoners? A. No.





DANIEL FORRESTER

re-examined. I was present when Margaret Murphy was examined—I heard her make a statement—I heard it read over to her by Mr. Goodman, and saw the Lord Mayor sign it—this it the mark the prisoner made—this piece of cotton which has the mark on it was produced at the time she made this statement—the other had been produced by Mr. Faulkner before—(read)—"The prisoner Margaret Murphy says, (pointing to the piece produced by Mr. Faulkner,) 'I bought that piece of cotton of Mr. Davis, in Chiswell-street, when he turned bankrupt, two or three months ago, and I was obliged to pawn it in about a week; (pointing to the two pieces produced by Mr. Lawrence,) I bought these two pieces also of Mr. Davis, and paid for them 9d. a yard.' "





WILLIAM LAWRKNCE

re-examined. I produced two pieces then—I only produce one now.

MR. CROCKER
re-examined. This piece was not manufactured when Mr. Davis was in business.





CHARLES TERRY
. I am a linen-draper, and carry on business in Chiswell-street.

I remember Mr. Davis carrying on business there—I bought his stock about the 15th of August—he had no printed cotton of this description in the whole of his stock—I did not sell any of it—I know this was not printed at the time.

JOHN MURPHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

MARGARET MURPHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 49.





Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
