




970. 



JOSEPH CLEADON
 and 




JOHN SAVAGE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of February, 36 bottles, value 3s.; and 6 gallons of wine, value 6l.; the goods of 



Charles Franklin.






CHARLES FRANKIN
. I keep the King William the Fourth public-house, in Exeter-street, Lisson-grove. On the 11th of February I was called into

my tap-room, and told a man had hurt his leg—I found a large hole in the floor—I thought it had been done accidentally—I sent for a carpenter, and had some new flooring put down—in the afternoon, between four and five o'clock, I was called in again, and found the new flooring taken up, and an opening made large enough to admit a man through into my wine-cellar, which is immediately under the tap-room—a witness intimated something to me, and I charged several persons who were in the tap-room with getting into the cellar and taking the wine—I examined the tap-room, and found eight bottles of wine on the floor, close by the hole, which had no business there—I have no doubt it was mine, in consequence of the bin being disturbed, as the wine had been taken out very carelessly—I sent for the officers, and gave charge of the two prisoners, who were there—five or six other persons were there, but they got away—I had seen the prisoners come in in the morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. About how many persons were in the tap-room when you first went in? A. At one o'clock I think there were twelve or fifteen—I think there had been dancing going on there, but I did not go in till I was called—the tap-room is about twenty feet from the bar—I did not see that the prisoners were not sober—they had been staying there all the morning—I do not know exactly at what time they came; perhaps about ten o'clock, and at one o'clock I perceived the hole near the fire-place, and had it mended—I did not see any bottles then—I went in again between four and five o'clock, and then found the bottles—I think there were about a dozen persons there then.





JAMES SNELLING
. I am a plasterer, and live in Carlisle-street. I was at the William the Fourth public-house that day—I saw the two prisoners come in about three o'clock—they were three parts intoxicated—they had not sat long before Savage said, "We will have some more"—I did not know what he meant—I sat about three-quarters of an hour, and Savage again said, "We will have some more at all events; who has got a knife?"—I said I had one—he said, "Let me have it'—I said I would not—he said he would beat my brains out with a gridiron; and then an Irishman who was there went out and brought in a coal-chisel—they wrenched up the boards, and jumped upon them; then Savage went down and handed up two or three bottles—I went out into the grounds, and told what I had seen—I heard Savage say to a man that they had taken fifteen or eighteen at the first going off.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you stand by and see all this? A. No; I was sitting there—I was sober, but the prisoners were not—I have been taken up and tried for an offence, and imprisoned—that is four years ago—I have been getting my living by work ever since—I worked for Mr. Salter all last summer as a plasterer, but I was out of work three weeks or a month, as we had finished the job I was at work at—I was in trouble two years ago last Christmas, but not since then—when I heard the conversation between the prisoners in the tap-room, there was a dozen persons there at least.

COURT. Q. What did Cleadon say? A. He told Savage to be quiet, and leave it alone; he thought they had had enough—what he meant I do not know.





WILLIAM WHITEHEAD
. I am waiter at the Champion public-house. I saw Savage and another person come into the Champion tap-room between

twelve and one o'clock that day, and Savage had two bottles, one in each pocket.





DANIEL SHELVEY
 (police-constable D 102.) About half-past four o'clock I was called in to assist in taking the prisoners.





JAMES CLARKE
. I am a plasterer, and have a certificate of the prisoner Savage's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—him Savage is the man who was tried—I was an officer then, and I took.

SAVAGE—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

CLEADON—


NOT GUILTY
.
