



1031. 




JAMES SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing 30lbs. weight of sugar, Value 21s., the goods of 



Joseph Stubbs and others.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 



Thomas Daley; and that the prisoner had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM OSBORN
. I am a carman. On Saturday, the 17th of Feb., I received twenty titlers and twenty loaves of sugar from Stubbs and Absolom's, in Rood-lane, to take to Sims's wharf, in the Borough—the wagon got to the wharf about ten minutes past eight—I left Rood-lane about a quarter to eight—when I got to the wharf two titlers of sugar were gone—it was not possible for them to have falllen out, because the wagon was boarded up, and they were not so high as the wagon—there were two tarpaulings and the coat I have on over them—I received information as to some person being about my wagon—I did not obseve anything myself.





WILLIAM DAVISON DAY
. On Saturday evening, the 17th of Feb., I was in Philip-street, near the commercial-road, from half-past eight till twenty minutes to nine with Hamms—I observed the prisoner and another man coming towards me—the prisoner had a bundle on his shoulder—they separated just before they came to us—the prisoner turned down Storey-Street, and after some time he threw the bundle off his shoulder and ran off—I pursued him—I did not lose sight of him till I took him—I asked what he threw down—he said, "Tobacco"—I came back, and met Hamms, who had picked up this sugar—I then asked the prisoner again what it was—he said, "I suppose you know by this time, it is a lump of sugar"—he said a man had employed him to

carry it, and he could not tell where he was to take it or to what street—he did not tell me where he go it.





JAMES HAMMS
 (police-constable K 248.) I was with Day—I directed his attention to the prisoner and the other man—they separated, and the prisoner crossed Phillip-street, and turned down Storey-street—we followed them—when was got about two yards from the prisoner, he threw down the bundle and ran—I told Day not to lose sight of him—I took up the sugar, and went and met him—I said to him, "Do you know what you threw away?"—he said, "You know by this time, it is sugar"—I said, "Who gave it you?"—he said, "A man with a velveteen jacket, breeches, and cap gave it me"—I asked where he was to take it to—he said, to a street three or four turnings down, but he did not know the name of it, nor what house—this is the sugar—it was packed in a black bag, which looks like an old petticoat that has been sewn up, and been put over a fish-basket—it smelt very strongly of fish.





GEORGE DALEY
. I am in the employ of Joseph Stubbs, Absalom, and others. I put the sugar in the wagon, and delivered it to the carman—this is one of the lumps—it has my mark on the paper—it is my master's.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Commercial-road; a man asked me if I would earn 2d.; I said, "Yes," and he gave me this to carry; I was seen by the officer; I dropped it, and ran off.





FRANCIS HOOKER
 (police-constable K 93.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person—I was at his trial.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

