




2291. 




MARIA CLARKE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of September, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., 1 sovereign, and 3 half sovereigns, the property of 



Louis Thomas: and 





JOHN WILSON



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






LOUIS THOMAS
. I am a baker and cook on board the Thomas Grenville, in the East India Docks. On the night of the 1st of September I met Clarke—I went with her to a public-house, and then went home with her—I had a sovereign, four half-sovereigns, and a handkerchief—I lent one half-sovereign to a man—I then had three half-sovereigns and one sovereign left—the money and handkerchief were in my jacket pocket—I was in the room up stairs with Clarke—the prisoner Wilson called me down—he asked what country I belonged to—I said, "Madras"—he kept me talking for about five minutes—I left my jacket on the bed up stairs, and the money and handkerchief in the pocket of it—I went up and the handkerchief and money were gone, and Clarke also—I came down and saw her throw the handkerchief to Wilson, who put it under his feet—I seized Clarke's hand, bit it, opened it, and saw a half-sovereign in her hand—I saw the handkerchief and a sovereign under Wilson's feet—this is my handkerchief, and the one which Clarke threw to Wilson.


Clarke. He came down stairs because I would not stay with him all night for 1s. 6d.; the money fell out of the handkerchief, and because I would not give him the 1s. 6d. back he threatened to stab me with a knife.

Witness. I did not; I had no knife.

Wilson. I did not call you down; I spoke to you before you went up. Witness. No, you called me down.





THOMAS HOULT
. I was with the prosecutor when Clarke met him—he bad a sovereign and four half-sovereigns, and he lent me half a sovereign—he wrapped up the rest, and put it into his pocket—Clarke was in the room at the time—I was not there when Wilson called him down—I was up stairs with another girl—the prosecutor then called me down—I saw him scuffling with Wilson, and trying to get his handkerchief and sovereign from him, which he did.





GEORGE METCALF
 (police-constable H 123.) I was sent for to this house, which is in Wentworth-street—I saw a sovereign, a half-sovereign, and this handkerchief on the table—the prosecutor charged them with robbing him of a sovereign and three half-sovereigns—I made a diligent search both up stairs and down, but could not find the other two half-sovereigns.
(Clarke put in a written defence stating that the prosecution was instituted against her from revenge, because she refused to remain all night with the prosecutor; and that she had not robbed him.)

CLARKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.




Transported for Seven Years.
