




1513. 




JOHN ROBERTS
 and 




DANIEL CONNOR
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of April, I handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



Joseph Corbyn, from his person.






JAMES KENNEDY
. I am a messenger at the Commercial-rooms, and live

in New North-street, Finsbury. A little before five o'clock in the evening of the 24th of April, I was passing down King-street, near London Bridge—I saw the two prisoners, and I think, another, walking close behind Captain Corbyn—Connor put his hand into his pocket—Roberts looked back to see if they were watched—they went on to the corner of Cannon-street—they stood there—the prosecutor went down the street—they ran after him—Connor put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and took out a handkerchief—he turned and went up towards the Mansion-house—Roberts stood looking about, and then went after Connor—I went and told the prosecutor—I then saw the two prisoners in conversation, and told the policeman—they ran after another gentleman, and the officer secured them—the handkerchief was found on Connor, which he said was his own—I found two other handkerchiefs on Roberts.





JOSEPH CORBYN
. I am in the Navy, and live at Greenwich Hospital. On the 24th of April I was walking down King William-street, and was accosted by Kennedy—in consequence of what he stated I put my hand into my coat pocket, and missed my handkerchief—this is it—I know it by its being a particular old one, and by its pattern, and being darned—I have bad it many years.





STEPHEN PATMAN
 (City police-constable, No. 584.) My attention was directed by Kennedy to the prisoners—they were together in King William-street, going towards London-bridge—I took them with Kennedy's assistance—I took them to the station in Tower-street, and on Connor I found this handkerchief, and on Roberts two other silk handkerchiefs—they have no marks on them.

Roberts's Defence. I met Connor, and asked him the way to Dock-head; he told me, and after a little time he came, touched me on the shoulder and said, "I am going that way, I will show you;" he had not said it half a minute before the policeman and the other came up and took me.

Connor's Defence. Roberts asked me the way to Dock-head; I gave him the direction: I thought of going myself; I ran and told him I would tell him, and the policeman got hold of me.

ROBERTS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

CONNOR*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Ten Years.


Sixth Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.

