




1321a. 




ARTHUR HARGIN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-guard chain, 2s.; 1 half-sovereign, and 2 sixpences; the goods of 



Thomas Parker, from his person.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS PARKER
. I came from Hull, in Yorkshire—I was living at Peter's-hill, Doctors' Commons. On the 17th of April, I was going over London-bridge, I was spoken to by a person, and in consequence of what he said I went to a house in King-street, Southwark, No. 4, I think—I went up stairs with him—I saw the prisoner in the room up stairs—the prisoner introduced this piece of satin—(looking at it)—he asked me to purchase it—he said it was valued at 30s.—I told him I had not the money to purchase anything of the kind—he came down to 6s., and I purchased it, with the idea of clearing out of the house—while I was paying for it, this shawl (looking at it) was introduced—the prisoner opened a chest in the room, and took it out—he said it was valued at 17l.—I told him I had not 17s. by me, I could not Purchase anything of the kind—he asked me if I would show him my watch—I pulled it out, and showed it him—after he saw that, I told him how much money I had—he would not believe me, so I pulled my money out, and showed it him—I had one half-sovereign and three sixpences—he took the half-sovereign out of my hand, and two of the sixpences, and left me one sixpence—he had put the shawl into my hat, and I had thrown it out two or three times, and put it on the table—he then unbuttoned a button of my waistcoat, and took my watch out, and while I was looking at it he slipped the guard over my neck.

COURT. Q. Had you given him authority to take that watch, either directly or indirectly? A. No; it was only through fear—the stair-foot door opens by a spring—the prisoner told me if the door was fast when I got below, I was to give three knocks, so (and he gave three knocks, rather loud)—I ran down stairs as fast as I could, and the door was wide open—I gave information, and saw the prisoner two days afterwards—I did not part with my watch willingly—I have the key of it in my pocket, and I should have given the key if I had parted with it willingly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. what age are you? A. I am twenty-three years old—I was a truck man or car man in Hull—there was some intimationthat these things were smuggled—this is the silk and the shawl—this all passed in the presence of the other man; and he kept talking to me, and told me I must make a good bargain with this man, as he was drunk—he made a number of different remarks—my watch was worth about 2l.





HENRY BARRY
 (police-constable M 171.) I met the prosecutor in the street, on the 17th April—he told me he had been robbed of his watch—I looked after the prisoner—I found him on the 19th of April, and took him into custody—he was pointed out to me by the prosecutor—I told the prisoner he must go to the station with me, for robbing this man✗ of his watch—he said, "Very well, I will go with you"—he went a little way, and he took some-thing out of his pocket and attempted to hand it to another man—I did not choose that—I took his hand, and we had a fight—I got him to the station, and found a number of duplicates in his hand.

Prisoner. If I had been guilty of anything of the kind. the prosecutor would have given me in charge in the open street.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

