




1781. 




CHARLES EDWARDS
 and 




WILLIAM JOHNSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of May, at 
St. George the Martyr, 19 yards of woollen cloth, value 17l., the goods of 



Samuel Summers, in his dwelling-house; to which


JOHNSON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.






SAMUEL SUMMERS
. I am a tailor, and live in Bridge-house Place, Newington Causeway, in the parish of St. George. On the 11th of May, Edwards and another man came to my shop—Edwards asked what I would charge him to make a pair of trowsers—I told him the price—he said he had a friend in the drapery business, that he should get the stuff of—the other one, who is not here, said, "Perhaps Mr. Summers can show you some patterns of summer trowsers," which I did—Edwards remarked they were very handsome, and if his friend had not anything to please him better, he would call in the course of the morning and be measured for a pair of them—they then went away—about ten minutes after, the shop bell rang again, and this letter was brought in to me—whilst I was reading it I heard a bustle on the stairs—I ran up, and ran out, bawling "Stop thief"—I ran to the coach-stand at the corner of the Borough-road, and saw the two prisoners in a cab which was standing—I said to Edwards, "What, is it you, sir?"—he said, "Yes, it is me, I know nothing about it," he did not know what I meant, or something

of that sort—Johnson got out of the cab, and tried to get away—a butcher held him till the policeman came—a piece of my cloth was found in the cab, worth 17l., which had been safe in my shop the evening before—it was not the upper piece—I believe it was under a piece six or seven yards long, which was replaced, and this taken—my shop communicates with the dwelling-house, and forms part of it.





SUSAN MITCHELL
. I am the prosecutor's servant. On the 11th of May, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I answered a ring at the bell, and saw Edwards—he said he wished to speak with Mr. Summers—I went down into the kitchen, and left Edwards and another man in the shop—master came up to them—between ten minutes and a quarter of an hour afterwards, I answered the shop bell again, and Johnson came into the shop, and gave me this letter to give to my master, saying he would wait for an answer—I carried the letter into the kitchen, leaving Johnson in the shop—whilst I was in the kitchen I heard the door slam—I ran up into the shop—the shop door was about half open, and the prisoner gone—I saw him on the pavement—he had the cloth under his right arm—my master immediately ran after him—the coach-stand is a very little way from our house, it is in sight of the house—a person at the coach-stand could command a view of the shop door.

Edwards. Q. Whereabouts is the coach-stand? A. Just below our house, it is round a corner—I left no one in charge of the shop when I left you here—you had as good an opportunity of stealing the cloth then as after.





RICHARD HARVEY
. I am a tailor, and work for Mr. Summers in a back shop, the parlour is between the front and back shops—I can see through the parlour window into the front shop. On the 11th of May I heard the bell ring, and saw Johnson admitted, and saw him deliver a note to the servant—she went in the direction of the kitchen—I saw Johnson pass round the end of the counter towards where the cloths are kept—I kept my eye on the shop, and saw Johnson return with a piece of cloth—Iran through the passage into the front shop—I saw the direction in which he went—he had the cloth under his arm—the cab-stand is about forty yards from the door—part of it is in view of the shop—I should think that a person standing at the nearest extremity of the cab—stand, could command a view of a person going out of the shop into the street—I saw Johnson put the cloth in the cab, and then get in—I and some neighbours, with Mr. Summers, surrounded the cab, and the prisoners were kept there till the constable came—I saw Edwards inside the cab.


Edwards. Q. Did you see me in the shop that morning? A. Yes, I saw a person resembling you, and another—I found the cloth standing endways on the seat of the cab—I did not see it till Johnson had got out and was secured—it was rather more towards where Johnson sat—you might have reached it—the cab was between three and four feet wide, about room for two persons to sit comfortably.





JOB HAYWARD
. I am a cab—proprietor in the Borough-road, and have been in the habit of putting on this stand. I was rubbing up my cab—Edwards came behind me, opened the door, got in, and ordered me to St. Martin's-lane—I put him in, and directly went to the horse's head to take the nose-bag off, when Johnson came to the other door, and got into the cab—I saw the side of the cloth—I did not see Johnson come up—I cannot say which way he came—I saw him at the cab—door, getting in—he must have joined us immediately after Edwards had got into the cab, while I was petting to the horse's head—you can see the prosecutor's house perfectly well from the cab—stand—it is about eight or ten doors from it—I was the third cab on the stand—if they had taken the first cab, the man being already on his box, in all probability they might

have got away—the people came up and surrounded the cab-Johnson opened the door, and tried to get away, but Cook came up and caught hold of him.

Edwards. Q. Was there anybody with me? A. Not at first—you ordered me to drive to St. Marlin's-lane—I had to take of the nosebag before we started—I had just got on the dickey when I heard the cry of "Stop"—you gave the order where to drive before Johnson came.





JOHN LLOYD
 (Policeman.) I received information and went to the spot—I found Edwards in the corner of the cab sitting quietly, and the piece of cloth in the opposite corner, standing partly upright, and partly down—it looked as if somebody had leaned their back against it—it was rather bent in—on searching him at the station, I found this note, which tallies with the hand-writing of the one Johnson left at Mr. Summers'—it was wafered—I opened it.
(Notes read.)—"Dear Sir,—I should feel obliged if you would let me know when you would call on me to take measure for a jacket for my eldest son Charles. Please to bring some patterns along with you."
"Dear Madam,—I should feel obliged if you would let me know at what rate you would let you drawing-room for a foreigner of distinction.
"HENRY SILVESTER. "

MR. SUMMERS (re-examined.) This is my cloth—the wafer of the note I received perfectly, and the ink also—I smeared it with my finger.

EDWARDS'S DEFENCE. I think I have proved that the meeting at the cab was purely accidental; I am a foreigner, and unacquainted with the laws of this country; I was found in company with this person, who committed the depredation, but the stolen article remained in his possession, untouched by me; the law may condemn, me but I think I am entitled to your verdict.

EDWARDS—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
