



1609. 




GEORGE WELFARE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Pash, about the hour of eleven in the night of the 
9th of June, at 
Hornsey, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 4 coats, value 3l.; 3 waistcoats, 10s.; 1 cloak, 6s.; 7 handkerchiefs, 6s.; 1 pair of shoes, 4s.; 2 collars, 1s.; 2 shirts, 1s.; and 2 yirdi of calico, 1s.; his property.






MARY PASH
. I am the wife of Thomas Pash, and live in a cottage in Green-lanes, in the parish of Hornsey; he is a toll-collector. On the 9th of June I locked the cottage safe at a quarter-past nine at night, and went to my husband at Hornsey-gate—I returned about half-past niae next morning, and found the housedoor as I had left it, but, on entering, found the back room window opened—it had no shutter—it had been buttoned inside—(he button was undone, and the window forced open—the window was broken, and the articles now produced all gone—I know the prisoner—he was once a toll-collector—he was never at my house but once.





GEORGE EARLY
. I live in a cottage at Ball's-pond, and know the prisoner. On the 9th of June, about eleven o'clock at night, he came crying to me, and said his uncle and aunt were dead—he asked if I knew him—I said, "What is your name?"—he said, "Welfare; I used to work with you eightor nine years ago"—I then recollected him—he had a bundle with him, and said he had no money, victuals, or lodgings, and asked me to give him a bed—I

said be could lay on my sofa; that I was going to move some goods, and should not see him in the morning; I went out, and when I came back, about nine in the morning, he sold me the old things produced for 11s.

Prisoner. Did I not tell you I had found the things in. the Green-lanes, and saw a man and boy run away? you said, if they would fit you, you would give 11s. for them, and you got me to spend all the money in beer. Witness. It is not true.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going along, and saw a man and boy; they watched me a good way; I saw them run away; I followed, and saw these old clothes under the hedge; I took them up; I passed the policeman, who said, "Good night;" whtn I got to the lamp-post I looked at the things. I saw Early at his house; he said, "What have you there?" I said, "Some old things I picked up in Green-lanes;" he looked them over, and said I could stop till the morning.




GUILTY
of stealing only.
 Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Yean.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

