




1286. 




ELIZABETH PULBROOK
 and 




LOUISA GEORGE



, stealing 1 bed, 3 blankets, 4 sheets, and other articles, value 5l. 3s. 5d.; the goods of 



William Ennever; George having been before convicted.






ELIZABETH ENNEVER.
 I am wife of William Ennever, of Charles-street, City-road. On 23rd March the prisoner George took two furnished rooms in my house—she came next day with Pulbrook, who she said was her mother, and a man she said was her husband—on 7th April they did not come home—they left the door locked—I got in on 10th, and missed blankets, sheets, spoons, and other things—they never came back—on 14th I found the prisoners in custody.





MARY HOBLEY TARRANT.
 I am a marine store dealer, at Wellington-street, Goswell-street. Three weeks before I was before the Magistrate, Pulbrook sold me a coal-scuttle, a pair of flower-tubes, and a stove—I bought this chamber, this knife and fork, and these ornaments, of both prisoners together.

Pulbrook. They were left to be fetched back again. Witness. They were sold.





THOMAS SWAIN.
 I am in the service of Mr. Wilton, a pawnbroker, of Goswell-street. I produce a pillow which I took in I believe of Pulbrook—the features of both prisoners are very familiar to me—I gave this ticket—(produced)—it is in my writing—it is in the name of Ann Davis.

Pulbrook. I lost the ticket going home, and came back to stop it. Witness. Yes, you did.





ROBERT MOSS.
 I am a pawnbroker, in Goswell-street. I produce a bolster pawned by Pulbrook on 30th March, in the same of March.





WILLIAM BROWN.
 I am in the service of a pawnbroker. I saw my master take a piece of carpet in pawn of Publbook—she gave her name "Ann davis"—she afterwards pawned a watch-stand.





JOB SMITH
 (policeman, G 44.) I took Pulbrook in Seward-street, Goswell-street and George very near the same spot—they both said if the prosecutrix would not prosecute she should have all her property returned—I told them to be careful what they said, as it might be used against them—George said she was sorry for what had been done.

MRS. ENNEVER
re-examined. All these things are my husband's, and were let with the room.

Pulbrook's Defence. My husband was fitting himself out to go to India; he was to send me some money, and I could have taken the things out, or my father would have got them out for me.





JANE KING.
 I produce a certificate of George's former conviction—(read—Convicted May, 1845, of stealing sheets and blankets, confined six months; six weeks solitary)—I was present—she is the person.

PULBROOK—


GUILTY. Aged 49.—



Confined Twelve Months.


GEORGE—


GUILTY. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

