



2335. 




JAMES LEONARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of September, 7 towels, value 14s.; 1 window-blind, value 2s.; and 3 dresser-cloths, value 5s.; the goods of 



the Honourable Henry Cecil Lowther.


MR. CLARKSON. conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH CLAYPOLE
. I am second kitchen-maid in the establishment of the Hon. Henry Cecil Lowther—he lives in Bruton-street. On September the 3rd, I went to the housekeeper's room about three minutes before eight o'clock, to lay the cloth for breakfast, the door was partly closed—I rapped at the door, and received no answer—I went into the room, and there I saw a sweep standing—I did not know of any business that any sweep had there—the linen-press is kept in the housekeeper's room, close by where the sweep was standing—he had a bag with him—the mouth of it was in his hand, and the remainder of it on the floor—there was a sweep's brush on an arm-chair in the room—the prisoner is the man I saw there—I have not the least doubt about it—I asked how he came there—he said, "I have come to sweep a chimney "—I said, "What chimney?"—he said, "The housekeeper's room chimney"—I had not let him in, and do not know how he came there—I asked where he came from—he said, "From Wingall's"—he did not say Mrs. Wingall, (she is the person employed by Col. Lowther as a sweep,)—he said he had been told yesterday' to come—I told him I had heard nothing of it, and he could not sweep the chimney then, as I was going to bring in breakfast—he said, "Very well," and, as he turned his bag on one side, I perceived a hole in it, and something white shining through it—I asked what he had got in his bag—he said soot—I told him it was not soot, there was something white shining through a hole in the bag—he said sometimes pieces of white paper got in with the soot—he threw his bag over his shoulder—I perceived something more, shining white, and asked him again what he had got in his bag—he said, "If you think there is any thing wrong in my bag I will leave it"—I wished him to leave it—he was walking on all the time of this conversation, and I followed him through the servants' hall to the area—he told me he would leave the bag in the dust-hole—I followed him to the dust-hole—he left the bag there, went up the area steps, and went away with the sweep's brush in his hand—I then went to the bag, opened it, and took out a towel which laid on the op—it was marked "L. No. 24"—I knew it was my master's—finding my master's property was in the

bag, I took the bag back, and put it in the housekeeper's-room—I went and told the housekeeper, and we found in the bag all these articles, which are my master's property—on the next day, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I went to Vincent-street station—I saw the prisoner there, not dressed as a sweep, but as a gentleman—I have no doubt at all that he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. His face was black when you saw him first? A. Yes, rather black; there was another man where I saw the prisoner the next day, but I saw him before he was pointed out—I did not take particular notice what kind of a man the other was.





MART WISKER
. I am housekeeper to Col. Lowther. I was called by Sarah Claypole, and examined the sweep's bag—I found these things in it—the other kitchen-maid took them out by my orders—they are my master's—I had not ordered any body to come to sweep the chimney—I do not know the prisoner at all—I had been in the housekeeper's-room five minutes before Sarah Claypole went in.





JOHN MARTIN
. I am son-in-law and foreman to Mrs. Wingall. I know the prisoner well—for five years he has assumed the character of a sweep, but I never knew him in any service—I have seen him in the dress of a gentleman, with silk gloves and boots, and a silk umbrella.

Prisoner. I can prove that witness is a rogue and a thief.





ANDREW VALLANCE
 (police-sergeant C 11.) I know the prisoner well—I have not seen him in the dress of a sweep; when I have seen him he has been dressed as a gentleman, as he is now, and sometimes with a ring on his finger, not at all like a labouring man—I received information of this robbery, and went after the prisoner—I found him in Seven Dials—he saw me, and ran away—a policeman took one way, and I took the other—the prisoner came running out of a court in Crown-street, and I took him—I told him I wanted him on suspicion of a robbery in Bruton-street—he said he knew nothing of it—I found on him 2l. 2s. 6d. in money, a silver watch, a silver guard, a union pin, a ring on his finger, two gold seals and a key, and a wig—they were ordered to be given up to him at the office.

For the Defence
MR. DOANE
called






FREDERICK JONES
. I am a smith, and live at No. 14, Clark's-buildings, Broad-street, Bloomsbury. I know the prisoner—he is a sweep—I have known him eighteen months—I remember the night of Wednesday, the 2nd of September—I was at the Mogul public-house, in Drury-lane—there was a concert there that evening—I was there with the prisoner and a friend of the name of Owen—when we parted that night Owen said he had a two years' engagement at Manchester, and we should not see him for a good while, for if it suited him, he should stay there; and he said, "You may as well come to the Spread Eagle to-morrow morning, and see me off"—we went the next morning to the Spread Eagle, Gracechurch-street, a little after seven o'clock, and Owen went off by the conveyance to the railway about twenty minutes after seven o'clock—after he was gone we met Mr. Russell, who formerly kept the Antelope public-house—that was about half-past seven o'clock—he said, "There you are"—(he knew us from using his house)—he said, "It is a nasty morning, will you take a drop of any thing to drink?"—we said we did not mind—he said, "I have got a friend here not far off," and Mr. Russell, the prisoner, and I all went to Mr. East's, at the White Hart tap,

Liverpool-street, Bishopsgate—we had something to drink, and staid there, as near as I can guess, an hoar, or it might be above an hour, and it was half-past seven o'clock when we got there—the prisoner and I came out—we left Mr. Russell—the prisoner and I went on towards the west end—we had something to drink once or twice in going along—we went on to a coffee-shop, and there we had breakfast—I parted with the prisoner about ten o'clock—I went to the police-office, but Mr. Robinson said I should not be heard.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. I gather from what you told my friend that you had known the prisoner for eighteen months; how did you first become acquainted with him? A. By using the same public-house, in Marylebone-street—I have always heard him spoken of as a respectable man—I knew him, but had not been intimate with him till within this last month—I have not been particularly intimate with him—I saw him in August—I do not recollect that I saw him in July—I saw him in June—I met him in the street, but I cannot recollect on what day—I remember that I saw him on the night of the 2nd of September, because I sent in a bill the next day to Mr. Davies—I did not tell Mr. Robinson that was the reason why I recollected it—the prisoner is not married—he lives at No. 5, George-street, Bloomsbury—I do not know how long he has lived there—I do not know him as living there no more that he told me he resided there—I have never been to his house—he used to work at Marylebone, but I am not aware who he worked for—I have seen him with a black face, and with a white one—I never mistook him for any body else—I do not know whether he lives at the top or bottom of the house—the last time I saw him he told me he had had leeches on, and had had a bad eye, and he had bought a wig in place of his hair, having had his hair shaved off—he took off his wig to show me—I do not know what day that was—it was not on the morning we went to see Owen off—it was not a month ago, but about a fortnight, as near as I can guess—I do not know that he showed it to Owen—I do not know that he had had any leeches on his finger, which made it necessary that he should wear a ring—I have seen him with a silver guard-chain—there is no person here from the coffee-shop, or from the other houses we went into—I am a coach-smith and master for myself—I have my card here—(producing it)—this says, "No. 1, Short's-gardens, Drury-lane"—this is where my shop is—I have had that shop two years—the last person I did a job for was Mr. Danes, in Wigmore-street—I do not know that Davies ever has leeches and a wig—I have seen him with a silver guard-chain and ring—I never wear a chain and seals myself—I bought the coat I have on of Mr. Wolfe, at the corner of New Compton-street and Moor-street, about a fortnight ago.

Q. Will you swear it is a week ago, or three days ago? A. No, nor one day ago; it is about a fortnight.

Q. Will you swear you bought it earlier than yesterday? A. No, I will not—I bought it about a fortnight ago—it was on a Monday, not last Monday, but Monday week—I recollect it—it was last Monday week, about twelve o'clock in the day—I have not got a bill of it—I gave 1l. for it—I took no receipt—I know Wolfe—he is a short, dark man—Owen is at Manchester—on the 3rd of September it rained in the morning, small rain, and was slippery—I went to the prisoner's lodgings for him.

Q. Do you recollect swearing you never was at his lodgings? A. I was outside, I never was inside.






JOHN RUSSELL
. I live in Fann-street, Aldersgate-street—I am out of business now, but I am going into a public-house—I used to keep a public-house, and before that I was a builder. The prisoner used frequently to come to my house when I kept the Antelope, in White Hart-court, Drury-lane—I saw him in Bishopsgate-street on the 3rd of September, about half-past seven o'clock, with Frederick Jones—we went to a friend of mine, who keeps the White Hart tap—I did not learn where they had been—we went to Mr. East's tap, and remained there nearly an hour, I dare say—I should think it must have been near nine o'clock when we came away.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you go away together? A. No, we came out together, and parted—the last I had to do as a builder was in Hackney-road—it may be three years ago since I was concerned as a builder—I was a master-builder, but I quitted it—I became a bankrupt—I had my certificate, but I have not got it with me—I do not know what was the amount of my debts, perhaps rather more than 2000l.—there was property almost sufficient to pay the whole—I do not know how much was paid—I was not any thing before I was a builder—it is about a year and a half since I turned publican—during the year and a half after I left being a builder, and before I was a publican, I did a good deal as a surveyor—I then lived in Silk-street, Milton-street—that is the street which used to go by the name of Grubb-street—I was a housekeeper there, and paid 20l. a year—I had not my name or my business as surveyor on the door—I have been in this Court before, to give characters to one or two persons—I only knew the prisoner by his coming backwards and forwards to my house—I left the Antelope because the lease expired, and my time was up—the brewer had to put the house in repair, and he was obliged to take it himself—the licence was not expired—I did not owe any thing—I paid for all I had as I had it—I paid 160 for taking the house.

Q. Where did you get it? A. I cannot tell—some I borrowed, and some I saved—I am expecting to go to the next house to where I live—I have no property, only my own earnings—I am worth more than 5l.—I do not borrow of chimney-sweeps—I do not know the witness Jones—I never saw him till this day fortnight, to my knowledge—he was not dressed then as he is now—he had a blue coat on—I never saw the prisoner in a chimney-sweep's dress—I do not know any thing of him, only by seeing him come to my house—I know it was on the 3rd of September I met him, because on the next day but one they came and left a message that he was taken—I am not an accountant—I have never been here to give a character and sworn I was an accountant—I think it must be twelve months ago since I was here—it was more than six months—I have known the person I came to give a character to and his brothers for years—his real name was Holt, but I do not think that was the name he went in here—I forget the name he went in here—I was examined as a witness—I did not state that the name he went in was not his right name.

COURT
to
FREDERICK JONES. Q. What time did you go to Mr. East's? A. About half-past seven o'clock—I had met the prisoner before that—we had gin and milk at East's, nothing else—there was Mr. Russell and I and the prisoner—I do not know what we were talking about in particular, about different things—I talked but little—Mr. East and Mr. Russell were talking at the corner of the bar, and I was in front of the bar—I could not hear what they were talking about, not a word—I did not pay any attention—they were talking part of the time.






SAMUEL EAST
. I keep the White Hart tap, Liverpool-street, Bishops-gate. I do not remember the prisoner coming to my house, but I remember Mr. Russell coming a fortnight ago, about eight o'clock in the morning—there were two other persons with him—one of them was a person like the prisoner, but I could not undertake to say that it was him—they staid about an hour, I think—they had three or four glasses of gin and milk—I recollect the day, because I was subpoenaed to come here.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. I dare say you have got the subpoena here? A. Yes, I supposed it would be asked for, never having been in a Court before—the witness Jones was one of the persons who came to my house—that was the first time I had seen him, but I have seen him once since—he called down at my house two or three days ago—he asked for a glass of something to drink, which I served him with—I had no conversation with him, not a word.

Prisoner. When Claypole was brought into the office at half-past twelve o'clock at night, she did not say I was the man; I was brought out, and pointed out to her by the officer.





SARAH CLAYPOLE

re-examined. He was not pointed out to me—I knew him perfectly well when I first saw him.




GUILTY
.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
