



1928. 




JOHN HARRIS
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Courtenay, on the 
25th of June, at 

St. Paul, Shadwell, and stealing 2 jackets, value 3l.; 1 coat, value 2l.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 8l.; 3 waistcoats, value 2l.; 1 watch, value 1l.; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of the said Thomas Courtenay.






THOMAS COURTENAY
. I live in Monmouth-street, Shad well-market, in the parish of St. Paul, Shadwell, I keep the house. On the 25th of June, I left the house about a quarter or ten minutes before twelve o'clock—I heard of something, and went home—I found the front-door open, which I had left shut—I found the drawers, in my front-room up stairs, open, and the clothes which they contained taken away—I missed two jackets, a coat, and the other things stated in this indictment—I gave information to the police—I have since seen this handkerchief, (looking at it) which I know to be mine by a mark on it—I left the back-window open which looks into the yard—that was quite sufficient for a person to get in—the door of the room where these things were was shut—my house is inclosed at the back—the things I lost were worth about 11l.





ELIZABETH COURTENAY
. I am the wife of Thomas Courtenay. I know this handkerchief; it is my hemming—I went out about ten o'clock that day, and did not return till three or four.






MARY ANN BATT
. I am single, and live in Peel-alley. I saw the prisoner on the 25th of June—he came from Mr. Courtenay's door about a quarter-past one o'clock—another person who was with him had a bundle, and the prisoner pushed him on—and when they got to the end of the street, they ran fast—they were on the step of the door when 1 first saw them—the door was open when I went to see.





WILLIAM NICOL
 (police-constable K 177.) I took the prisoner in Ratcliff-highway, on the 29th of June—I told him I suspected he was a party who had broken into Mr. Courtenay's house, in Shadwell-murket—I sent for Batt, and she identified him—I found this handkerchief on his neck.

Prisoner's Defence. I informed the officer where I bought the handkerchief—he has not been about it—he said it was my duty, not his.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
