



567. 




JAMES SMITH
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the shop of 




Thomas Couchman, on the 
15th of Feb., at Lee, and stealing therein 1 mortise-guage, value 2s. 6d.; 1 square, 2s.; 1 rule, 1s.; 1 screwdriver, 6d.; 1 pair of compasses, 6d.; 1 pair of pincers, 6d.; 2 gimlets, 3d.; 2 bradawls, 3d.; 9 planes, 1l. 10s.; and 3 saws, 9s.; the goods of the said 



Thomas Couchman; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS COUCHMAN
. I am a licensed victualler, and a carpenter, and live at Lee, in Kent—I have a shop at Lee-green, in the parish of Lee. On the night of the 14th of Feb., 1839, my shop was robbed—it was left locked at dusk that night—my son locked it—I was with him at the time, and I took the key and hung it up behind some timber, where it was concealed—there was considerable property of mine in the shop—it was left safe between six and seven o'clock—my man went the next morning, and I had lost a mortise-guage, two hand-saws, a 3-foot rule, and other things—I took out a search-warrant, I think about the 26th, and the officer went to the prisoner's house and found some things, but I did not go with him—the property that was found was mine, it had been safe in my shop, and was stolen at the same time as the others—the property that was found is not here—it was pat into the hands of the inspector of the Lee police, and he has absconded—I am able to say it was my property—there were two gimlets, and a mortise-guage, and two saws, which belonged to a man of mine, but they were in my shop—the place where they were found belonged to the prisoner—it was not far from my shop—the prisoner worked for me—I have seen him and his wife there, and know they lived there.





JAMES HOULTON
. I was constable of Lee. I went to search the prisoner's house on the 26th of Feb., 1839—I knew it was his bouse—I found there a mortise-guage, two gimlets, a pair of pincers, and two bradawls—they were shown to Mr. Couchman, and he identified them in my presence—they were given to Adams, the inspector, and he has gone away with them.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (police-constable R 84.) I apprehended the prisoner at Oxford, on the 16th of Dec. last—I read a warrant to him respecting another case, and then I said, "Mr. Couchman has another case against you"—he said he hoped Mr. Couchman would not come against him—I searched a basket which was given to me by the authorities who took it from him, he claimed it as his, and told me where I should find it—I found in it this three-foot rule, this screw-driver, and this chisel.

MR. COUCHMAN. I know this broken chisel, it was in my shop at the time the prisoner was working for me—I had a rule and a screw-driver exactly like these, but I cannot swear to them—I can to this chisel.

Prisoner. Mr. Cox lent me that chisel to scrape some paint with—I do not know anything about the things.





RICHARD IRWIN
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the policeman at Maidstone, signed by H.A. Wild, Deputy Clerk of the Peace for Kent—(read)—I was at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
of stealing only.
 Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.

