



1252. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the shop of 



Henry Isaac Mayes, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, and stealing therein 20 pieces of woollen cloth, value 2s., his goods.






HENRY ISAAC MAYES
. I am a tailor, and live in Portugal-place, Cambridge-road, St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. I was walking past my shop about nine o'clock, on the 6th of April—I saw the door broken, one man inside the shop, and the other out—the prisoner was one—I said, "Halloo!"—they said, "It is all right"—I said, "I don't think it is all right"—I sung out, "Police," and "Stop thief"—the two men made a rush to get out—there is a sort of wicket-gate, and the other man's hat fell off, and in it was a number of these pieces of woollen cloth he got from me—I ran after him to Northampton-street, and lost sight of him for five or six minutes—I then went back to the shop, knowing I had left it just as the men ran out—then I found the hat outside the gateway, and also a bundle, containing the remainder of the pieces, wrapped up in a silk handkerchief—the prisoner was one of the two men I saw there—I have no doubt, I am sure of him—I cannot say whether he was outside or inside the door—I had left the door safely shut up.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you not at first express some doubt about his being the man? A. When he was brought to me, he turned and said, "Then you swear I am the person"—I said, "Stop till we get to the shop, because I should not like to say I know you are the man till I am positive"—it was about nine o'clock at night—the pieces of cloth are worth 2s.—nothing was found on him.





HENRY LEWIS TYTLAR
. I am a tailor, and live in Whitechapel-road. I was in Cambridge-road on that evening—I saw the prisoner running up Northampton-street to Essex-street, and then he got over a garden-wall—he said, "Let me be, I will not run"—I had made no charge against him then—he did not say it to any one in particular, but there were several people standing round—he then walked a few yards, and began to run—the had left policeman who came up pursued and took him.

Cross-examined. Q. There were a number of people collected? A. Yes—this garden is about ten feet long—he had just come over the garden-wall when he said, "Let me alone"—I was coming along the road, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—there might be twenty people.





DANIEL HEGARTY
 (police-constable K 201.) I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and came up with this man, in possession of two men—he was pointed out as the person who attempted to commit the robbery—I took him to the prosecutor, who gave him in charge.

Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner denied it? A. Yes.




GUILTY
.* Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.
