



1451. 




JOSEPH NEWTON



, stealing 3 bags, value 3d., and 31l. 7s.; the property of 



John Bruce, in his dwelling-house, and afterwards burglariously breaking out of the said house.






JAMES BRUCE
. I keep the Red Lion and Punch-bowl, in the parish of St. John, Clerkenwell—the prisoner lodged in my house, but had left about a week before the robbery—last Saturday night I cleared ray house of every one, as I thought, at twelve o'clock—I and my wife then went out to see a neighbour—I came back, and found all this property gone from the bar—I searched the house, and found no one in it; but there was the print of a man's foot in the sand on the show-board, and over that there is a sky-light, and some one had gone out that way—they could get over the roof that way into Red-lion-yard, a kind of mews—I suspected the prisoner, and sent for the policeman.





JAMES BRUCE
, Jun. My father and mother went out, leaving me and the servant at home—I bolted the door after them—the policemen came afterwards; I let them in and out, and bolted the door after them—I know nothing about the prisoner.





GEORGE MARRIOTT
 (policeman, A 418). I took the prisoner into custody—he was in bed in a room in a coffee-shop—I told him it was for this robbery; he said he knew nothing of it—I found under his pillow these bags, with 27l. 10s. in gold and silver in them.

Prisoner. Q. Was there not another man in bed? A. Yes—he was quite frightened—he appeared a respectable man, and he was there previous to your coming there—you did not say that this money was the other man's.





JAMES BRUCE

re-examined. Here are three bags, I can swear to them all as mine—one of them is marked "gas"—one half-crown was found on the prisoner, marked "W. B.," which I had engraved myself.





GEORGE MARRIOTT

re-examined. I found this half-crown in the prisoner's trowsers'-pocket at the station.

Prisoner's Defence. This was under the pillow; it was not in my place the other man came to bed after I did.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

