





1097. 




THOMAS PECK,



 RICHARD WHITAKER
, and 




RICHARD MARTIN
 were indicted for

 stealing on the 
10th, of March, 5 planes, value 8s. 9d.; 1 gauge, value 4s.; and 1 gimlet, value 2s.; the goods of 



William St. John: 5 planes, value 16s.; 1 chisel, value 4s.; 1 spoke-shave, value 1s.; the goods of 



John William Bell: and 1 looking-glass and frame, value 1l. 5s.; 2 pieces of plate-glass, value 1l.; 1 drawer, value 18s.; 1 gas-burner, value 5s.; and 5 feet of lead pipe, value 1l., the goods of 



James Slatey.







JOSEPH STALEY
. I am foreman to my brother, who is a builder. I and other workmen were employed at an empty house in Fann-street, in the City—we left our tools there, and locked them up on the 9th of March—we lost all that we left there—I know the men that were employed there—they left their tools in the original club-room—we all left together.





WILLIAM ST. JOHN
. I was at work at this house on the 9th of March—about half-past six o'clock I left my tools locked up—when I went again on the 10th, at half-past seven o'clock, I found the house broken open, and that the person had got in by breaking the glass is the window behind—my tools were gone—these are what I lost—(looking at them.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What day was it that you left them locked up? A. Monday, and missed them the next morning—I know them by tome marks on them.





JOHN WILLIAM BELL
. I am a carpenter. I was at work there, and left there on the 9th of March—I lost some planes and other things—they are all found—I know these are mine—I made them myself—(looking at them.)





THOMAS EVANS
 (City police-constable, No. 81.) I was on duty on the 10th of March, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning—Staley gave Whittaker and Martin into my custody.

J. STALEY
re-examined. I had been informed that they were the parties, and for that reason I gave them in charge.





PHILIP NEALE
. I am a sofa-maker. On Tuesday morning, the 10th of March, the prisoner Whitaker brought three planes, a pair of pincers, a spoke-shave, and gauge to me, and said he had got a great many more tools that he would bring down at night—I said, "Let me look at the lot"—he would not let me have them without money—I let him have half-a-crown, for I had no one at home—the other two prisoners came in directly after him, and they all shared 10d. a-piece—I then went to the station-house, and stated this to the policemen—two policemen came and stopped in my shop in the evening—Peck came to my shop in the afternoon, and was taken—he said the other two could not come, as they were taken up for tossing up on the ruins.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you in the habit of buying planes? A. Never—I do not know why they came to me—I never bought any tools—I told Whitaker if he would bring them at night I would look at them—I did not ask him if he had any more—I live in Bond's-place, Golden-lane—Whitaker brought these things in an apron, and wanted 4s. for them—I said I would give half-a-crown till they brought the others—I did not say I would purchase them altogether—they asked each other if they should take half-a-crown—this is my hand-writing—it was read over to me—(looking at his deposition)—I did not ask them if they had any more.

JURY. Q. What time took place between your buying the tools and giving information? A. A quarter of an hour.

COURT. Q. Did you give them the half-crown A. Yes, and Martin had some money in his pocket—he took it and divided it—they made it right, 10d. a-piece—I do not know in what money the 10d. was given.





ELIZABETH HALL
. I am the wife of Charles Hall, of Great Arthur-street, St. Luke's—Whitaker's mother lodged in a room of mine—I went to show the room to a person, and found some tools in a Cupboard—I brought them away, and gave notice to the officer.


Cross-examined. Q. What were they? A. Six planes and a small tool, two plate glasses, and a looking-glass—Peck and Martin had nothing to do with this room.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) On the 10th of March, between five and six o'clock, I went to Neale's house, and received six carpenter's tools, and left them at the station-house—I went back to Neale's, saw Peck coming, and took him—on his way to the station-house he said, "If I tell you all about it, will you let me go?"—I said, "No, if you say any more I shall use it as evidence against you"—I then went to Mrs. Hall's and found the other tools, and glasses.





ROBERT COLE
. I saw the prisoners all together with another boy, about a hundred and fifty yards from where the robbery took place, about half-past seven or eight o'clock on the night that the tools were stolen, in deep conversation together.

Whitaker. It was an empty room in the house where I lived, that the things were found.
(Properly produced and sworn to.)
(Martin and Peck received a good character.)

PECK—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined Three Months.

WHITAKER†—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MARTIN†—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.
