





1122. 




EDWARD BISHOP,



 MARTHA TAYLOR
, and 




ELIZA SEYMOUR



, for a robbery on 



Matthew Rae, and stealing 3 sixpences, 4 pence, and 6 halfpence, his moneys: Bishop having been before convicted. 3


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.
MATTHEW RAE I am a servant out of place, and live in Kennerton-street. On 28th April, about four o'clock in the morning, I was in Dean-street, Westminster, and met Seymour—she asked me to go home with her—I said, "No"—she said, "Yes, you must go home with me"—I said, "No, I will not"—she said, "Yes, you must" I said, "If I do go I can only give you sixpence"—she said, "Oh, never mind, that is plenty of money"—I accompanied her to a house in St. Ann-street—we went up-stairs to a bed-room, and she said, "You must give. me the money"—I gave her the sixpence—she called in the prisoner Taylor, and said I must give her some money to get some drink—I said I had already given what I promised her—I gave Seymour 2 1/2 d. more, and she then called in Bishop, and said, "Here

is a d----pretty go; this man will not give me any money"—Bishop said, "He be d----; he must give you money, and me too, before he leaves this house"—I said I had already given what I had promised, and I would give no more—he said if I did not I should not get out of the house, and through fear, I put my hand into my waistcoat-pocket and took out two sixpences—Seymour banded over the sixpence I had given her to Bishop, and catched the two sixpences out of my hand, and Bishop said, "I have g nothing to do with this woman; you must give me money"—I said I had no more money, I could give no more—I then laid my hands on the door to try to get out, and all three caught me by the throat—Seymour and Bishop said if I did not give them up my money, I should not get out alive—I did not hear Taylor use any threat—I then took sixpence, four penny pieces, and a halfpenny out of my pocket, and gave them to Bishop through fear of the threats—Bishop then said, "That be d----d, I must have more than that, that won't do for me"—I said, "I have got no more money, if I must give you more, I must give you my hat"—he said, "Your hat be b—, I must have your coat," meaning a great-coat I had on—there was a noise with some females on the stairs, and Bishop went out, leaving me with the females—I opened the door, and made my escape down into the street, passing Bishop on the top of the stairs—he was alone, and did not try to stop me—I found a policeman in Dean-street, and went back with him towards the house—at the corner of Dean-street we met the three prisoners, and I gave them in charge—they made a good deal of resistance, and Bishop got away—I am sure the three prisoners are the persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where is it you live in Kennerton-street? A. I sleep at a blacksmith's shop—I have my meals at Mr. Archer's beer-shop in the same street—I do not know that there is a beer-shop there kept by a Mr. Edwards—I have been out of place father more than a month—I last lived with Colonel Higginson for ten months—the situation did not suit me, and I left—before that I lived eighteen months with the Rev. Howel James, in Dorsetshire; that suited me very well—I left because he was making an alteration in his establishment—on this night I had been to Astley's Theatre, and had afterwards sat some time with a friend, a servant in place, in a coffee-shop near Astley's—I went there about twelve o'clock, and staid an hour or an hour and a half I think—after I left there I walked with him as far as Charing-cross, and then round Trafalgar-square for about a quarter of an hour, talking—he left me to go home a little after two; he lived at Charing-cross—I then went down Parliament-street, and walked through Dean-street, and came as far as Buckingham Palace through York-street—I wandered about there because I could not get into my lodgings; I thought I was locked out—I do not know what time it was I met the prisoner, I had no watch; it might have been four; I was walking about till then—I was not in the habit of walking about till that time—I have been out all night three or four nights since I have slept in Kinnerton-street—I have lived at Mr. Bacon's, in Humphrey's-yard more than a month—I lodged with him before I left my situation, when Colonel Higginson was in town—while I was there I did sometimes come home at three or four in the morning, and lie in bed till twelve in the day; and I have lain in bed later—sometimes I got up at seven—I was seldom home before twelve—I was doing nothing to get my living—I was in Colonel Higginson's employment a short time while I lodged there, and I continued to lodge there afterwards—I have not got a place since.





RICHARD WATKINSON
 (policeman, B 208). On 20th April I was on duty in Dean-street, and at a few minutes after four o'clock I saw the prosecutor,

who made a statement to me, and I took the prisoners into custody—I searched Bishop, and found on him two sixpences, four penny pieces, and one halfpenny—on Taylor I found a. key, which opened the door of the house; and on Seymour I found a purse containing two shillings and three sixpences.,

Taylor's Defence, I never put my hand near the prosecutor.

Seymour's Defence He gave me sixpence; the room was not mine, I hired it, and asked him for the money, and he gave Bishop 10 1/2 d., who said that was not enough, 1s. was the price of the room.





JOHN PORTSMOUTH
 (policeman, B 173). I produce a certificate—(read-Edward Bishop convicted Nov., 1846, and confined six months)—I was present at that trial—the prisoner is the person.

BISHOP—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

SEYMOUR—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.






Confined Six Months



Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

