



1595. 




WILLIAM WAY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Augusta Catherine Davis, and stealing 1 thimble, value 6d.; the goods of 




Ellen M'Keevy, and 4 spoons, 85.; 2 yards of cotton knitting, 1s.; and 1 thermometer, 2s.; the goods of Augusta Catherine Davis; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.






WILLIAM LING
 (police-constable D 77.) On the 14th of Aug., about half-past one o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Wimpole-street, and heard a noise as if somebody had jumped—I turned round, and saw a tall man standing on the cellar-flap of Mrs. Davis's house, and saw the prisoner jump off the leads of a jeweller's shop, come to the corner of Wigmore-street, and both of them ran down Wigmore-street—I sprang my rattle—the prisoner stopped, and began to walk—I went up and asked him what he did there—he said, "That man has struck me," pointing to the man who had ran away—I took him to the station, and found four silver tea-spoons in his coat pocket, and two silver thimbles, also some lucifer matches, and in his right-hand pocket two pieces of netting, a thermometer, and other articles—I went back to the place I saw him jump from, got on the leads of the jeweller's shop, and saw the sash of the drawing-room window shoved up—I gave an alarm.





ELLEN M'KEEVY
. I am servant to Mrs. Davis, of Wimpole-street. About half-past ten o'clock on Monday night I went into the drawing-room, and put the window down which opens on to the leads of the jeweller's shop—I am sure I put it close down—I did not shut the shutters—I was not the last person up—I do not know whether anybody went into the drawing-room after me—I was alarmed next morning between one and two o'clock by the policeman—I went into the room, and missed my thimble and shawl; also, four spoons of my mistress's, which I had seen safe the morning before.





AUGUSTUA CATHERINE DAVIS
. I am a widow, and live at No. 87, Wimpole-st., in the parish of St. Marylebone, and rent the house. I was alarmed about half-past two o'clock in the morning, I went into the dining-room, and missed four spoons—those produced are mine—this thermometer belongs to a friend, and was in my care—I had locked it up in a book-case two or three week* before—this net is mine, and was in a drawer in the spare bed-room.

Prisoner's Defence. I was returning home, and saw a man at the house—I

asked what he did there—he turned and struck me, and ran round the corner—I picked up the things, and went after him.





JOHN HART
. I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted 4th Dec., 1845, and confined three months) I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person, and I have appeared against him since that.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

