




2630. 




JOSEPH EVES
 and 




PHILIP ANDERSON
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-home of 



Richard Wood-thorpe, in the night of the 
2nd of Sept., at 
St. John, at Hackney, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 38 spoons, value 16l.; 1 batter knife, 10s.; and 4 ladles, 3l.; his property.






JUDITH WOODTHORPE
. I live with my brother, Richard Woodthorpe, at Kingsland, in the parish of St. John, Hackney—on Saturday night, the 2nd of September, I went to bed at near one o'clock—I looked at the doors and windows; they were all fastened—I saw some of my brother's plate, in the plate drawer, in the kitchen—I was awoke in the night by the barking of the house dog, presently my brother's door opened, and he threw the window open; we had been very much troubled with rats, the floor of the kitchen had been taken up, and I called out, that it was only the rats, for I had heard them gnawing frequently before—I got up between five and six, went down stain, and found the doors of the lower part of the house barred—I went into the garden, and found the dishes all strewed about the ground—I went into the kitchen, saw all the drawers open, and nearly all the plate gone from the plate drawer—there had been thirty-six tea and dessert spoons, four tureen ladles, and a butter-knife in it, the night before—I went up to my brother, and told him—I then looked round the house—no doors were undone—one of the thick iron bars of the pantry window had been taken away—there was glass in that window, and two straight bars outside; and inside, thick lattice work, I do not know whether it was iron or strong tin—the bar had been got off, by sawing off an immense thick piece of wood; the window was then thrown back, it turned on hinges, and they then forced the grating or lattice work inside—from that pantry they could get into the kitchen—I do not know either of the prisoners—I have seen them playing about together as idle boys generally do.





JOHN CHISNELL
. I am in the service of Mr. Richard Woodthorpe. On the 2nd of Sept. I had charge of the plate—I left it in a drawer in the kitchen, about ten minutes to twelve o'clock—there were thirty-six silver spoons of different kinds, four tureen ladles, and a butter-knife—I got up at a quarter to six in the morning, after Miss Woodthorpe, I heard the barking of the dog in the night, but did not get up then—I gave information at the police sta'ion, at five minutes past six—they then had some persons in custody—I did not see them—I saw all the plate at the station—the pantry window was safe the night before—I saw it at ten minutes to twelve.

Anderson. You said at Worship-street that it was not possible for either of us to get through the opening. Witness. I did not—it is ten inches wide, and seventeen high.





GEORGE HARRINGTON
 (police-sergeant N 34.) On the night of the 2nd of Sept., or the morning of the 3rd, I was in Church-road, by Beauvoir-square in the parish of St. John, Hackney—I was near the prosecutor's house during the night—I heard nothing that attracted my attention—in the morning, in consequence of information, I waited against De Beauvoir church, and the two prisoners came near me—I stopped them about quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's house—I knew them before by sight, and knew their names—I took hold of Eves, took my rattle from my pocket, and in so doing, saw Anderson take from the bosom of his shirt these four tureen ladles, and place them against the church-wall—the policeman, Miles, came to my assistance—he held Eves while I searched Anderson—I took this silver butter-knife from his hand, and the salt-spoon I saw drop from him—I asked him where he got them—he said he never had them—I searched Eves, and inside the waistband of his breeches I found thirty-five silver spoons, and two German silver ones—I

told him to be cautious what he said to me—I asked him where he got them from—he said he got them there, pointing to the road he had just come up—they were coming exactly in the direction the prosecutor's house lay—after I got to the station, Chisnell came to give information—I showed him the plate—I then went to Mr. Woodthorpe's, looked at the pantry window, and found the sill had been cut away, and this iron bar had been forced out, that made room for a person to get in—this is part of the sill—I found foot-marks in the garden, apparently of two persons—one had shoes on, the other had not—when I took the prisoners into custody, Eves had these shoes on, the other had no shoes or stockings on—I fitted these shoes into the marks, and found that they exactly corresponded.

Eves. The butter-knife was in my hand—Anderson had no shirt on. Witness. I am quite certain that it was in Anderson's hand—I noticed that Anderson had a shirt on.

Anderson. It is false, I had none—the opening was not more than a quarter of an inch wide. Witness. It was ten or eleven inches when the bar was out—I cannot say to an inch—there was quite room for a boy of Eves's size to get in with the greatest ease.





WILLIAM MILES
 (police-constable N 273.) On the morning of the 3rd of Sept. I was on duty, a quarter of a mile from Mr. Woodthorpe's house—I saw Harrington, and after that heard a rattle spring—I went to the place, and found the sergeant and the two prisoners there—I took hold of Eves—Anderson was sitting with his back against the wall—the sergeant searched him—I saw the salt-spoon fall from his neck—I saw the butter-knife in the sergeant's hand while he was searching Anderson—I saw Eves searched—he had the remainder of the plate produced.

Eves's Defence. I was going across the gravel-pits at the back of the house—Anderson told me something was lying on the grass—I ran and picked up these ladles and salt-spoon.

Anderson's Defence. Eves picked up the spoons. I bad no shirt on. I cannot stand on my feet.





JOHN CHISNELL

re-examined. This is the plate I saw at the station.





WILLIAM STRANGES
 (police-constable N 27.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Eves's former conviction—(read)—I was present at his trial—he is the same boy.

EVES—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Twenty Years.


ANDERSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Erskine.

