






1841. 




JOHN LANE,



 THOMAS JOHNSON
, and 




THOMAS STEELE



, stealing 1 half-sovereign; the moneys of 



Thomas Blanchard Coward, from the person of



 Andrew M'Dowall: all three having been before convicted.






ANDREW MCDOWALL
. I am nine years old, and live with my father William McDowall. I was sent by him to Mr. Coward's house, in Brixton-place and the servant there gave me half a sovereign—I went to the Prince of Wales to get it changed, and saw the three prisoners, who I know by sight, standing at the bar there—I asked for change for the half-sovereign, and laid it on the counter—the prisoners could see it and could hear me ask for change—the bar-maid could not give me change, and I took it up, came out again and stood in the road with it between my fingers—the prisoners then came out of the public-house—Johnson came up to me, leaving the others about three yards behind, snatched the half-sovereign from between my fingers, and said, "I will go and get change for you," and ran away—the other two told me the same, and they ran away down Acre-lane, where Johnson had gone—I called," Stop thief!"—some boys ran after them and stopped them.

Steele. Q. How far off was I when Johnson took it? A. A very little way; you did not come up and ask me what I was crying about; you did not run down Acre-lane with me.





THOMAS BLANCHARD COWARD
. I owed Mr. McDowall 2s., and gave my servant half a sovereign to give the boy to get change—I never got it again, or the change.





FREDERICK HIGGINS
. I am an omnibus conductor. I was at the corner of Acre-lane—the little boy came crying to me, and in consequence of what he said I ran after the prisoners, whom he pointed out to me—they were running—I caught them—they said they had not got it; they were running after the boy in the white cap who had got it—I saw no other lad there.





MARY ANN ALFRAY
. I was in Acre-lane, and saw the prisoners stopped—McDowall came up and pointed out Johnson as the boy who had taken the half-sovereign—he said he was running after the boy with the white cap—I j did not see any boy with a white cap, or any other boy there—Johnson said several times to Lane, "Give it up."

Johnson's Defence. McDowall was crying, and said he had lost a half-sovereign; I asked which way the boy ran, and we went after him.

Steele's Defence. We were in the public-house full three minutes after the boy went out; when we went out he was crying, and said a boy had taken a half-sovereign out of his hand, and had run down Acre-lane; J saw a boy running, with a white cap, and lost sight of him in a turn of the lane.





GEORGE WILDE
 (policeman, M 94). I produce a certificate—(read—William Archer, convicted Feb. 1848, having been before convicted—confined one year, and once whipped)—I was present—Steele is the person. I also produce a certificate of Lane's former conviction—(read—Convicted March 1848, and confined four months)—I was present—he is the person.





GEORGE BATSFORD
 (policeman, M 67). I produce a certificate of Johnson's conviction—(read Convicted Oct. 1848, and confined nine months)—I was present—he is the person.

LANE—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18. 



Transported for Seven Years.


STEELE—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

