




2440. 



JOHN JOHNSON
 and 




EDWARD JONES
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Drake, at 
St. Pancras, about ten o'clock in the night of the 
29th of August, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 18 spoons, value 9l. 15s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; and 1 basket, value 6d.; his goods.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM AGGS
. I am a police-inspector of the S division. On Saturday morning, the 28th of August, in consequence of receiving information, I took steps to apprehend the prisoners, and placed three policemen in Mr. Drake's house, 14, Camden Villas—on the Sunday afternoon, I saw the prisoners together, about three hundred yards from Mr. Drake's house—I think I had seen Johnson before, but I am not positive—I saw them again about half-past nine o'clock that evening in a beer-shop, about the same distance from Mr. Drake's house—I saw them go towards Mr. Drake's house—about half-past nine I found them in custody at the prosecutor's house, and they were taken to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I suppose Cole was the person that gave you the information? A. He was not, in the first instance.





WILLIAM PORTER
 (police-sergeant S 5.) Between eight and nine o'clock on Sunday evening, the 29th of August, I went with two other policemen to the prosecutor's house—Wakeham was placed in a coal-hole, and I in a water-closet adjoining the kitchen—Mason, the other policeman, was up stairs at the end of the landing—in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour we heard some one enter the kitchen from without, by the yard door—we heard two persons, I think, come in, and go up stairs—I went up after them, and when I got to the top of the landing, opposite the parlour door, I found Johnson—he was not doing any thing, both his hands were before him, as far as I recollect, with his back towards me—he turned round directly and faced me—I asked what he did there—he said he came to see a friend—he directly put his left hand behind him—at that moment Mason came up and caught hold of his hand—he had a jemmy in his hand at the time, pulling it out of his pocket—Mason took it from him—this is it now produced—he was handcuffed, and placed in one of the parlours with the constable—I then went and hid myself in the same place again, and about ten minutes afterwards I heard some one else come into the kitchen from without, and go up stairs—I followed Wakeham and we

went up stairs together, and apprehended Jones on the second landing—I did not see what he had—before either of the persons entered the kitchen, I heard the latch lifted up, on both occasions—I afterwards searched Johnson, and found on him some lucifer matches, a box, a duplicate, and a half-crown.

Cross-examined. Q. How near is the water-closet to the kitchen door? A. A very short distance—a passage turns round from the right, and the water-closet is at the end of the passage—I came out after hearing the first person go up stairs—Cole was one of the persons that came in—he was in the kitchen—at the time Wakeham and I took Jones into custody, Johnson was handcuffed and in custody, and had been so at least for ten minutes—I know it was past nine o'clock when I first heard the door open, because we heard the Camden-town clock strike, and others too.





RICHARD WAKEHAM
 (police-constable S 219.) On Saturday night I was placed in Mr. Drake's house—on Sunday night I was in the coal-cellar—after Johnson was taken into custody I went back to the coal-cellar again, and in a few minutes I heard some one come into the kitchen, pass through the passage, and go up the stairs—he must have gone through the kitchen to have got there—I followed him up stairs, and, about two or three steps from the top of the second flight of stairs, I saw Jones with this basket in his hand, containing the plate now' produced) and which is that stated in the indictment—when he saw me coming, he ran into the bed-room—I followed him, and be dropped the basket in the bed-room, by the side of the bed—I picked it up, caught him by the collar, and said, "What business have you here?"—he said, "I have come to see a young friend in the house"—he then began fighting, and used his utmost endeavours to get loose, but I held him fast till a candle was brought—I took him into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not in the scuffle that the basket of plate was upset and fell about? A. Yes, it was in his trying to get away from me—he was within a few steps of the top of the second flight of stairs when I first saw him with the plate-basket in his hand—the coal-cellar is in the back part of the house, adjoining the back kitchen, two flights below where I saw the prisoner, below the street—I positively swear I saw the plate-basket in Jones's hand—I did not see him in any room but the bed-room, which I followed him into—I do not recollect seeing the plate-basket before—it was not in the coal-cellar with me—I did not see in what room it was—I saw him with it in his hand, almost at the top of the stairs I saw him pass along the landing, and go into the bed-room with it—Cole was not near at the time—I do not know where he was—I do not recollect seeing him there at all at the time—not after the prisoner came in—I do not know where he was when I went up the stairs—I did not see him till we went to the station—I came down again immediately we had hand-cuffed Johnson—I saw Mason, Porter, and the prisoner Johnson, on the first landing, but not Cole—I did not look for him—I followed Jones.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you seen Johnson secured before Jones came in? A. Yes—I did not see the plate at all till I saw it in Jones's hand.





RICHARD MASON
 (police-constable S 169.) I produce a crowbar which I took from Johnson's pocket—after he was secured I placed myself in a back room on the first floor—I had been there a short time, when I heard some parties coming up stairs—I heard something like the sound of

plate rattling—I was called out, and saw the prisoner Jones, Porter, and Wakeham, scrambling on the stairs—he was endeavouring to escape from them—I saw the basket of plate.

Cross-examined. Q. Who had it? A. Wakeham had it in his hand.





SUSANNAH SPENCER
. On the night of the 29th of August I was in the service of Mr. Drake, of No. 14, Camden Villas—I was in the house that night—Mr. Drake was in the country at the time—his Christian name is Joseph—this basket of plate is his property—on the night of the 29th of August this basket was on the screen, where it is usually kept, in the kitchen—I saw it there about half-past eight o'clock—I was in one of the back bed-rooms at the time the prisoners came in, placed there to be out of the way of the men—I cannot say what the plate is worth.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the plate in the basket at half-past eight o'clock? A. It was—there was nothing covered over it.





GEORGE COLE
. On the 29th of August I was groom to Mr. Drake—I had been so between three and four months—I know the two prisoners—I became acquainted with Jones first on the Thursday afternoon before the Sunday when they came into the house—I met him between three and four o'clock, in the street, near the Eagle Tavern, Camden-town, when we spoke merely on the heat of the weather and the bad state of trade, and he said he would not blame any body that would rob another these hard times—he asked me to go and have something to drink—I refused—he sadly pressed me to go and have some—I would not—he asked me when my master kept his plate—I said, in an iron chest—he then said, if I would let him into the house he would give me 500l., and send me abroad, where I could set up shop—I said I did not know—he asked any night he should meet me—I said I would meet him on the Saturday night, which I did, and not before.

Q. Between the Thursday, when you made this acquaintance with him, and this Saturday night, did you see the police? A. Yes, I went over the way, and told the policeman of it, five minutes after this conversation occurred—I had gone to get some beer for the servant, and had the porter in my hand at the time I told him of it—I received directions from the police how to act—in consequence of those directions, I went to meet Jones on the Saturday—I did meet him at the Prince George public-house, in Albany-street, Regent's-park, at nine o'clock at night—he asked me whether it was all right, and asked me to have something to drink—we had some ale—he went into the tap-room to see if we could go in there, there were people there—he said we had better not go in there, and we walked about—he said he had better come in on Sunday night at nine o'clock, because the police went off duty then—he asked me about the servants, and said I had better get them away—I said I would—we went to several public-houses, and had some ale, for which Jones paid—he said we should meet again at nine on the Sunday night, at the Robin Hood beer-shop, because it was a lonely place—I left him about ten on Saturday night at the Britannia public-house in Camden-town—about eight on the Sunday evening I met Jones accidentally in Brecknock-crescent—he asked whether it was all right—I said yes—he said he saw me talking to the policeman about an hour on the Sunday morning—I told him he was a relation of mine, and that passed off well—he was not a relation of mine, but I told Jones so, as I wished him to be caught—we walked about, and saw the prisoner Johnson leaning against some palings opposite the Eagle

—I had never seen him before—I went along with Jones to him, he shook hands with me, and asked us to go and have something to drink, and then he told me about a robbery in Yorkshire—we went to the Robin Hood and had some ale—Johnson said I had better go and see if I could get the I servants out of the way—I went and saw Wakeham as I was going, just before I got to the house—I saw that the police were there, and went back to the Robin Hood—Johnson was there, and Jones had gone for a cab—Johnson and I walked round Camden-town, and waited against the Britannia for Jones—Jones came up to us with a cab, and said the cab was on the stand, hut the cab-man had gone along with the bar-maid—we then all three walked back to the Robin Hood, and had some ale again there—we then went to the house—I went with one at a time—I took Johnson first—Jones said he would go and get the cab ready to take away the booty—we went in the back way—we went into the stable-yard first—I lifted the latch of the stable-yard door, opened it, and Johnson went in—there was another little gate between us and the garden—I opened that, and he went in, and I afterwards—I then opened the kitchen-door, and he went in first—I followed him—he told me to shut the door, and I did—he went into the back kitchen, and said he would go up stairs and get open the iron chest, and as he went up stairs he was taken by the police—I went back into the kitchen out of the way—after that I went back to the end of the row of houses, and then saw Jones—he came running up, and said he had left the cab at the Eagle—he accompanied me back to the house, and went in the same way—I opened the kitchen door, let him in, and then followed him—he took up the plate-basket that was on the screen, and took it up stairs—after that I found he was in custody.

Cross-examined. Q. You told the policeman on the Thursday night the proposition which had been made to you? A. Yes, and acted under the instructions of the police all the way through—I consulted with them from time to time—I told the prisoners I could not get the servants out till a little before nine o'clock—that was just after I met Wakeham—I said so because the police were not all in the house—I did not have the plate-basket in my hand at all—on my oath I never touched it—Jones went up stairs with it in his hand—I followed him about half way up, and when I saw the police there, I went back again into the kitchen.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. The policeman was above stairs? A. Yes—I saw that all was right, and came away.





WILLIAM AGGS

re-examined. I should think the plate is worth about 8l. or 9l.—it is worth more than 5l.—it is all silver but the gravy-spoon—Camden-villas are in the parish of St. Pancras.
(Mary Rees, wife of a commercial traveller, 30, Spencer-street, Northampton-square; and John Cambers, baker, Norfolk-street, Somers-town, gave Jones a good character.)

JONES—


GUILTY
 of stealing in a dwelling-house above 5l. Aged 18.



Transported for Ten Years.

JOHNSON—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Baron Rolfe.

