




1429. 




JOHN SULFFIN
 and 




WILLIAM KNIGHT
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; the goods of 



Robert Bew, from his person; and that Sulffin had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH DALTON
 (City police-constable, No. 366.) On the 21st of May, I was on duty on Holborn-hill—there was a crowd—I saw both the prisoners

came from Field-lane and go up towards Holborn—I saw Sulffin attempting to pick pockets—I watched them, and saw him put his hand into Mr. Bew's pocket, take out a handkerchief, and put it into his own pocket—Knight was close to him, covering him—when they had done that, they both came from the crowd together, crossed the road, and went to the corner of Field-lane—the prosecutor had left the crowd—I asked him if he had lost his handkerchief—he put his hand into his pocket and said he had—I told him the prisoners had got it—I saw another officer—we took both the prisoners at the corner of Field-lane—I asked Sulffin for the handkerchief—he said he had not got it—I put my hand into his left-hand pocket, and took it our—Mr. Bew saw it, and said it was his.

Sulffin. Q. Where were you? A. Almost close to you, standing behind you, a little way off on the curb.

COURT. Q. Was Knight in such a situation that he must have seen what Sulffin did? A. Yes.





ROBERT BEW
 I am eighteen years of age. I am a draper's assistant, and live in Frederick-place, Hampstead-road—I was in a crowd on Holbornhill, on the 21st of May; I had a handkerchief of this pattern in my left-hand coat pocket—I missed it, when my attention was called to it—I saw it taken from Sulffin.

Sulffin. Q. Can you swear to this handkerchief? A. I know it is mine, I should not like to swear to it—I had one of this pattern in my pocket, ten minutes before—I have no private mark on it.

Sulffin. If I had been guilty, should I have allowed an officer to expose my person in the public street, and take this handkerchief from me; it is my handkerchief, and the prosecutor cannot swear to it.





JOSEPH DALTON

re-examined. I found no other property on Sulffin—I asked him two or three times for it, and he said he had not got it—I did not expose his person—I put my hand into his left-hand trowsers pocket, and took the handkerchief out.

Sulffin's Defence. I bought the handkerchief in Petticoat-lane for 6d. four or five weeks ago; I knew Knight; he used to drive a team of houses.

Knight's Defence. If hwe saw me covering this lad in a crowd, why did not he come and take us directly, and not let us walk 200 or 330 yards.





GEORGE EVANS
. I was in the Police, but have left. I produce a certificate of Sulffin's former conviction at this Court, by the name of John Johnson—( read—Convicted 1st of Feb., 1847, and confined three months)—I was present at his trial—he is the person.

SULFFIN—


GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.


KINIGHT—


GUILTY
.(†) Aged 23.—



Confined One Year.

