




530. 




WILLIAM JOHN LAINSON
 and 




SAMUEL GOODENOUGH



 were indicted for feloniously forging and uttering a warrant for the delivery of" about 56 yards of black satinet, at 2s. 3d.; 50 ditto at 2s. 9d.; 50 ditto as 3s. 6d.; also 1 dozen gentlemen's shirt-collars, 6s.; 1 ditto coloured kidgloves, 30s.; 1/4 black satin scarfs, 10s.; 1/2 36-inch black satin handkerchiefs; good; 3 black satin shawls, 12s. 6d.; and 3 ditto, 15s. 6d.; "the goods of 



John Falshaw Pawson, Well knowing the same to be forged:—other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.



MESSRS. HUDDLESTON
and
PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN FALSHAW PAWSON
. I am a warehouseman, and carry on business in St. Paul's Churchyard—I am in partnership with John Stoat. On the 9th of Jan. I received this letter by the post—(read)—"Debenham, Suffolk,—Gentlemen, You will oblige me by selecting, and sending with care, by the Eastern Counties Railway, to Ispwich, till called for, to-morrow, by the three o'clock train, goods as under (naming various articles as stated in the indictment)—Your attention to this order by the three o'clock train, exactly, will oblige, Yours, &c.—W. JACKSON—WILLIAM MABERLEY."—I handed the letter to John Vigers, a person in our employ, having marked it first with my initials, which indicated that the order was to be executed—the amount of the goods was from 50l. to 60l.—there is no direction on the letter—it came in an envelope—we have a customer named W. Jackson, residing at the Debenham

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. On what day did you receive the paper? A. On Saturday, the 9th—it came by post—the envelope was destroyed among a variety of others—we do not keep the envelopes—I have not searched for it, but conclude I have destroyed it—this mark on the letter is a cross, as having been looked out, and examined with the order—I cannot swear to Mr. Jackson's writing—we have had letters from him—we did business with him some little time.

MR. PARRY. Q. Is it your custom to destroy envelopes? A. Yes. JOHN VIGERS. I am assistant to Messrs. Pawson and Co. On the 9th of Jan. I received this letter from Mr. Pawson, and executed the order—I did not select the goods—I compared them with the order to see that they were correct—they were then sent into the packing-room, which Mr. Standley superintends.





WILLIAM STANDLEY
. I manage the packing department of Messrs. Pawson and Co. On the 9th of Jan. I saw this letter, and saw the goods packed, corresponding with it—they were directed agreeably to the address here, William Jackson, Debenham, by the three o'clock train, to Ipswich, till called for—were packed in a box, which I sent to the Cross Keys by a man named Avery.





FREDERICK AVERY
. I am in the employ of Pawson and Co. On the 9th of Jan. I took a box directed to Mr. Jackson, Debenham, to the Cross keys, Wood-street—I have my book here, with the entry in it—it is signed by a person at the Cross keys.





BENJAMIN COTTERELL
. I am a porter at the Cross Keys, Wood-street. I signed my name to this entry—(looking at the book)—I sent the box off by the half-past one o'clock cart to the Eastern Counties Railway.





JOHN SNOW
. I am a clerk in the Eastern Counties Railway Office. On the 9th of Jan. I received a box from the Cross keys, directed to William Jackson, Debenham, Suffolk—I have my book here with the entry—I sent the box by the three o'clock train, which stops at Ipswich.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Is this the book you made the entry in at the time? A. Yes, I enter the articles at the time they are brought in—this entry was made by me—after I make the entry, I go on the plateform, and see my parcels delivered.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know the person you received

the box from? A. The porter who drove the cart from the Cross Keys I think it was Hill, but I am not certain, as the porters change—I have an entry of a box received, directed to Jackson, of Debenham—I give my evidence from the entry in my book—I entered the box in the book, and the porter put it into a barrow—I know it was put into the barrow, and taken to the platform—I know it was forwarded to the train—I myself saw the man wheel them out to the luggage-van—it was one of my porters—he is not here.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. You did it directly you received the box? A. Yes.





HENRY PATTLE
. I am a clerk at the Ipswich station of the East Union Railway. On the 9th of Jan. I received a box by the three o'clock train, directed to Jackson, Debenham—I do not remember anything else on the direction—I know Lainson—I saw him at the station about five minutes after receiving the box—he came into my office, and I heard him speak to Page, the porter—when he came in he looked about at the parcels—I heard Page ask him what he was looking for—he said, "A box addressed to Jackson, of Debenham"—the porter said, "If you will wait a minute Mr. Pattle will tell you"—I looked over the way-bill, and there was one for Jackson, of Debenham—he said he had come for it from Debenham—I then entered it in a book, which I have here, and he signed for it—here is the book—he has signed his name, "J. Jackson"—I saw him sign it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Had you ever seen Lainson before? A. Never—this was almost the work of a moment—we had not many people there at the time—we have generally—there was nobody with him—I saw a great many people that day, but they did not all come into the office; many did—Lainson's general appearance enables me to speak to him—I should know him anywhere if I saw him—there is nothing particular about him—I have been clerk there four or five months—I cannot speak to all the people who come there.





JOHN PAGE
. I am a porter at the East Union Railway. On the 9th of Jan. I saw the prisoner Lainson at the station—I was wheeling the parcels in my barrow to the twelve minutes after five o'clock train—he walked by my side, and looked over my basket—I said, "What are you looking for?"—he did not speak—I said, "Are you looking for anything, sir"—he said, "I am looking for a parcel, in the name of Jackson"—I called Mr. Pattle, and said, "Mr. Pattle, is there a parcel for Mr. Jackson, of Debenham"—he looked over the way-bill, and said, "Yes"—I took the box into the office, and carried it to the Shipwrights' Arms, not very far from the station—Lainson said he was going to take it to the public-house, the Shipwrights' Arms, and I volunteered to take it—I did not take it into the house—he said he did not want to have it taken into the house, that he had a conveyance to take it to Debenham, and I left it outside.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. I suppose you had not seen the man before? A. I had seen him before that day, walking about, but not to speak to him, nor to take notice of him—it was for a very few minutes—I was brought up to Guildhall to fix on the man I had seen—he was in the dock—the moment I saw him I knew him—I knew both parties—nobody pointed him out to me, and I had not been there before—I did not know the dock from the other part of the Court—I saw the two prisoners together—I see a great many people at the Ipswich station—I am able to speak to persons when I take particular notice of them—I have to take particular notice when they are suspicious characters, and offer to carry boxes for them when they are dressed like gentleman—whether I get anything for my trouble has nothing to do with this.


COURT. Q. You say you knew them both when you saw them at Guildhall? A. Yes—I have seen them together—I have seen Goodenough round by the station yard, and close by the Shipwrights' Arms—they were both together that day—I have seen them together before.





ESTHER LAST
. I am servant at the Shipwrights' Arms, Ipswich. I know the prisoners—I have seen them at our house—on Wednesday, the 6th of Jan., they came and lodged there, and took their meals together, and slept in the same bed-room—they went away on Sunday morning, the 10th of Jan.—on the evening before that Goodenough was in the passage, and asked for a bedcandle—Lainson was not with him—I saw a box in the passage by him—I did not notice the direction on it—I saw them leave next morning—they took a box with them, which I had seen in the bed-room—it was wrapped up when I saw it the bed-room, and so it was next morning when I saw it—the ostler, David Green, took it to the station for them—there was no canvas round it on the Saturday night when it came—they addressed each other as brothers—they gave me no name.

COURT. Q. Do you mean, if one spoke to the other, he said, "Brother?" A. Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Tell us anything they said in that way? A. I do not know that I can—I waited on them a good many times—they did not call each other Tom and Harry—I never heard them say anything but "brother"—they did not sleep in a double-bedded room—I am the chambermaid—I do not know that I have ever said anything about their calling each other "bother" before, except to the solicitor.





JOSEPH HEMSLEY
. I am a ticket-collector at the railway at Ipswich. On Friday, the 8th of Jan., I was in the parlour of the Shipwrights' Arms, and saw both the prisoners there—Goodenough spoke first—he said to me, "My brother has not come down yet"—just as he was saying that Lainson came down into the parlour—I had half-a-pint of porter—they had some bread and cheese—there were some writing materials—Lainson wrote a letter, handed it to Goodenough, and asked what he thought of that signature—Goodenough said he thought it would do very well, and told me he expected a parcel down by the three o'clock train—he said so on Friday, but he did not say on what day he expected it—he asked me which way he was to go to work to get his parcel from the station—I told him if there was a parcel addressed to him at the station, and he went and asked for it, he could get it, by signing his name.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Was the conversation about the parcel on the Friday at the time you saw the writing materials, or later in the day? A. I was there from half-past ten to half-past eleven o'clock; it was during that time—there was no other person there—I was examined before Alderman Farebrother—I was sworn to give evidence—I was there when the other witnesses were examined—my depositions were crossed out—that was a mistake—I believe I said Friday was the day they told me they expected the parcel down: and they understood that I intended to say that they expected the parcel down on Friday, and that was the reason my evidence was struck out—this subpœna was given me at Ipswich.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When did you get the subpœna? A. I cannot say—the officer who came down gave it me at the station, and said I was to appear here on Wednesday—I believe it was on Monday—I never said, to my knowledge, that the prisoner said he expected the parcel down that day—one attorney for one party has got it down that I said he said he expected the parcel down by the three o'clock train on Friday, and Mr. Jones, the solicitor for the prosecution, has got it down that I did not—I

will swear I did not say so—I was sent back without being bound over to appear—they subpœnaed me afterwards—nobody was in the room when Goodenough said to me, "Good morning, "and said, "My brother has not come down yet"—Lainson was not there—it was between ten and half-past eleven o'clock—when Lainson came into the parlour they had bread and cheese together—I had half a pint of porter and a crust of bread and cheese with them—I had drank and smoked with them on the Thursday evening before in the same room, but not at their expense—when Lainson wrote the letter he handed it to Goodenough and asked what he thought of the signature—Goodenough said he thought it would do very well—I was as near to them as I am to you—I did not see anything of the letter—did not look over it—there was nobody else in the room.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Was it paper of this size he wrote on (handing him the forged order)? A. About that size.





CHARLES BURROWS
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Ipswich. On the 9th of Jan., between six and seven o'clock in the evening Goodenough came to my shop and left a black satin shawl and two handkerchiefs in pledge with me in the name of John Newell—I have the duplicate.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. No, I first mentioned this about it about a week ago—Mr. Jackson came and inquired about such articles on Tuesday I believe—I knew nothing about any inquiry before a Magistrate in London—I think I read something of it in the papers, but did not know these were the goods—I had never seen Goodenough before to my recollection—a great many people come to my shop—I take down the name and address of people, but no description of them—I do not swear that I can recognise half the people who come, but I swear to the prisoner—I recollect him well by his countenance—he was there five or ten minutes—several people were in the shop—I wrote a ticket and pinned it on the goods—I swear he is the person.

COURT. Q. When did you come to town? A. On Tuesday evening—I know that because I remember it was Tuesday—I swear the prisoner is the man—I recollect him well—he was in my shop ten minutes and I talked to him.





RODERICK DONALD FRAZIER
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Ipswich. On the 9th of Jan., about seven o'clock in the evening, Goodenough pawned two cotton pocket handkerchiefs and one black satin handkerchief at my shop in the name of John Newell, of Stoke.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you take them in? A. Yes—I had never seen him before—I knew him from his appearance the moment I saw him in Court—I see a great many people, but generally know the parties—if it is a stranger I take more notice—being in the country, we generally know any stranger we notice—when he was going away he asked me the way to Stoke—I said, "What part do you want to go to?"—he said, "Near the railway station, "and I directed him, and know he is the person—I swear to him—I was not before the Magistrate—I told the attorney what I could prove.

MR. HUDDLESTONE. Q. He had previously given you his address at Stoke? A. Yes.





DAVID GREEN
. I am ostler at the Shipwright's Arms, Ipswich. I know the prisoners—on the 10th of Jan. I took a box for them to the station—the maid-servant ordered me to take it—the prisoners walked before me holding each other by the arm—I did not notice any direction on the box—it was wrapped up in canvass—I left the box on the platform of the railway.






THOMAS LEONARD GOODING
. I am a linen-draper, and live at Ipswich. On the 9th of Jan., to the best of my belief, between five and eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner Goodenough came to my shop—he bought a piece of hessing, which is canvass wrapper, about two yards and a half long, and paid for it—to the best of my belief this wrapper produced is the piece I sold him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Will you venture to swear any more than that the wrapper is similar to what you sold? A. I believe it is the same because it is like it, and from the manufacture of it—I have not dined to day—I have had nothing particular to drink, only what I paid for—I have drunk what I felt inclined to have—I will not swear I have had nothing—it is very difficult to swear to a thing of this sort—I swear to the best of my belief—there is no mark on it.





GEORGE POCOCK
. I am assistant to Mr. Nash, a pawnbroker, of No. 27, King-street, Borough. On the 13th of Jan. the prisoner Goodenough pledged seventeen yards of checked silk at our shop for 1l. in the name of John Newell.

COURT. Q. Did you know him before? A. Yes, I have know him by that name about twelve months—he has pledged in that name—I know nothing more of him than from his coming to the shop—I did not know where he lived, but he gave his address king-street, which is close to us.





JOHN HOWELL
. I am assistant to Mr. Mill, of Blackman-street, Borough. On the 11th of Jan. this piece of silk was pledged at our shop by an old man, not by either of the prisoners.





WILLIAM BOYCE
. I am assistant to Mr. Reynolds, a pawnbroker, of Stone's-end, Borough. On the 15th of Jan. sixteen yards of silk were pawned at our shop in the name of John Wilkins—I cannot positively say, but to the best of my belief it was by Goodenough.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you not busy at the time, and did not take particular notice? A. I did not take particular notice of the person.





WILLIAM ALFRED LINFORD
. I am assistant to Mr. Lawley, of Red Lion-street, Borough. I produce some silk and a shawl—it was not pawned by either of the prisoners.





GEORGE TREW
 (City-policeman, No. 26.) On the 18th of Jan. I took the prisoners in charge at 7, John's-row, Church-lane, Hammersmith—they were at breakfast in the back kitchen—I sent for Sergeant Lee—I found on Lainson seven or eight duplicates, 11s. 4d., and three keys—I asked him if he had any box—he said he had a box up stairs—I said, "Show me the box"—he went up stairs and showed it me—I took the key from him, unlocked the box, and found two pieces of silk, five pairs of kid gloves, two satin scarfs, and three shirt collars—(producing them)—I have the duplicates but they do not relate to this property.





WALTER ROBERT LEE
 (policeman T 7.) I was with Trew, and took Goodenough into custody in St. John's-row—I saw him searched, and a pair of gloves found on him—I produce two black satin scarfs which I found in a drawer in the front room—nobody told me to go that drawer—in a drawer up stairs I found four linen shirt collar.





DENNIS SHEPHERD
. I am silk buyer to Messrs. Pawsons. I saw the letter of the 9th of Jan., and selected a portion of the articles sent by the box—all the fancy goods produced form a portion of the articles selected for the box—I know these fancy silks.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What do you know the price by? A. By the pattern—I put some silks of that pattern into the box—this is my own pattern made to my order—to the best of my belief it is the particular piece

I selected that day—perhaps twenty-five pieces of this pattern were made—this is one dress-length—there are four or five dresses in a piece—there is no particular mark on it—the lengths sent were two dress-lengths—these have been divided—we sent four, two dress-lengths—this other piece is a single dress-length—I know it in the same manner, being my own pattern—no other house has it—twenty of this patern were made—here is another which I know—there were three pieces of black satin sent—one piece was of the same quality as this produced—there is no mark on it—this other piece is of another quality which we sent—I recognize them by the quality and pattern—I can identify the articles produced by Trew in the same way.





PHILIP JAMES
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Pawson and Co. I believe these black and fancy handkerchiefs to be the goods I selected for an order to be sent to Jackson, of Debenham—I selected them myself. (These were the articles pledged at Ipswich.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you recollect of the particular articles but selected things of this description? A. I perfectly recollect the patterns—we have not a great many of these patterns, but we have others—I selected goods of this pattern and quality that day.





HENRY SILVERLOCK
. I am landlord of the Queen's Head, Maze-pond, Borough. On the 11th or 12th of Jan. the prisoners came to my house and staid about two hours—they had nothing with them—they were toghther.





WILLIAM JACKSON
. I am a draper, and live at Debenham, in Suffolk. The prisoner Lainson was in my employment—he came to me about the 16th of Nov., and left on or about the 29th of Dec.—no part of this letter or signature is my writing—I did not authorize anybody to write it—there is no other Mr. Jackson living at Debenham—I cannot speak to the handwriting in the letter.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. What persons have you in your employment? A. Two assistants, named Garner and Spinks—I believe only on one occasion one of them wrote an order for me—they have no authority to write without naming it to me—Garner has been with me two years and a quarter, and Spink a month or five weeks.

COURT. Q. Is this the writing of either of them? A. I swear it is not.





CHARLES CLARK
. I am a draper, and live at No. 10, Great Dover-road, Southwark. Lainson was in my employment about seven years—he left last May—I have seen him write many times, and know this letter to be in his writing very well, all of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Had he occasion to write very frequently? A. I attended to my business myself—he was shopman—I have seen him writing at the desk, and have been with him—I know his writing as well as I do not my own—I am quite positive it is his—I do not believe it possible I could make a mistake—he had occasion to write almost daily—I have seen a good deal of his writing—this is not at all feigned, but precisely his natural hand—it was first shown to me about ten days since—I was asked by the officer if I knew that writing—I said directly it is a young man's named Lainson, who used to live with me, before I was told anything about it, and before I saw the signature at all—I said to the officer.

LAINSON.—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

GOODENOUGH—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.





Transported for ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

