




1531. 




HENRY HYAMS
 and 




SAMUEL MARKS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
8th of May, 1 purse, value 1s. 6d.; 4 sovereigns, and 3 shillings; the property of 



William Petheram, from the person of 



Charlotte Petheram.






CHARLOTTE PETHERAM
. I am the wife of William Petheram, and live in West-square, Lambeth. On Saturday night, the 8th of May, I went to a fishmonger's stall near the Marsh-gate, to make a purchase—I saw the two prisoners standing by me—I had my purse out to pay for what I had bought—it contained four sovereigns and three shillings—Marks looked very bard at me—he put his hand across me, and took up the crab that I had bought, and felt the weight of it—he then put it down, and offered 6d. for three small ones—I tied up ray purse, and put it into my pocket—I turned from the stand, and in a moment I felt Hyams's hand in my pocket—I turned round and told him he was robbing me—the prisoners were standing together—I did not see them talk—Hyams said, "I am not"—I felt my pocket, and my purse was gone—he ran from me, and the mob secured him in a shop—Marks came over, and tried to defend him, and get him from me—he said he was not the person who had robbed me—I am sure his hand was in my pocket—the purse has not been found—there were several more with them—they are the only two I can swear to.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. This is a great thoroughfare, is it not? A. Yes—it was about eight o'clock in the evening—there is a kind of market there—I never went to any other stall—there were more near to that—I did not talk to the prisoners—I thought they both looked suspiciously at my purse, and I tied it up, and put it into my pocket—Marks' hand was not in my pocket—I never lost sight of biro—Marks vindicated Hyams, and said I ought to let him go—I did not consent to that.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were there others standing by? A. There were, but I did not notice them—I felt Hyams's hand in my pocket, and turned and spoke to him—I had a shawl on, not a velvet mantle—my pocket was behind—I saw Hyams's hand inside my drees—I did not take him—I was in hopes he had not taken my purse till I found it was gone.





JOHN MAXWELL
. I am servant to Joseph Harvey, in the Westminster-road. I saw Hyams near the prosecutrix—he ran away to Mr. Barber's

the grocer—Marks came up and said, "If he has got your purse, why don't you search him?"—the prosecutrix said Marks was with the prisoner—he said he was a respectable man and kept a shop in the neighbourhood.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Could he have thrown any thing away? A. He could have done it—there was a mob.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did he not say he had friends who kept a shop in the neighbourhood? A. No.
(Marks received a good character.)

MARKS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix.—



Confined Nine Months.

HYAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
