



2173. 




FRANCIS RYDER
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
Lambeth, 15 sovereigns, 5 crown-pieces, 12 half-crowns, 5 shillings; 6 spoons, value 18s.; 1 watch, 2l. 5s.; 5 handkerchiefs, 10s.; and I brooch, 5s.; the property of 



William Edmonds, in his dwelling-house.







WILLIAM EDMONDS
. I keep a beer-shop in Skinner-street, St. Mary, Lambeth, and keep the house. On the 19th of July I locked a purse containing this money in a drawer up stairs at four o'clock in the afternoon—I took the keys down, and hung them on a nail in the other room—I went out, leaving James Kenny in the room with the prisoner—I was away three hours—I went to my drawer in consequence of information, and missed the purse containing the money stated in the indictment, and the other articles—I had left the prisoner in the tap-room when I went out—this was Friday, and on Sunday Hopkins gave me information.





MATTHEW HOPKINS
. I am a labourer, and know the prisoner well. On Sunday, the 21st of July, I saw him, and said, "You have got new clothes"—he said, "Yes, I bought them down the New-cut; we have been to Edmonds's, and had some money there;" he said they had done a job there, and took four silk handkerchiefs, six silver spoons, a pin or brooch, and about 9l. in money; that he got it up stairs in a big chest in the back room.





MARY ANN TAYLOR
. I am the wife of Joseph Taylor, and live opposite the prosecutor's. I was at my door on Friday, the 19th, about half-past five o'clock, and saw the prisoner run out of Edmonds's door, and run up the street—somebody ran after him—I swear he is the man.





WILLIAM BURTON
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner in charge on the 23rd, and told him the charge—he said he knew nothing of it—I said, "You are differently dressed to what you were on Sunday"—he said, "I have no clothes but these"—I was in the habit of seeing him every day almost, and he was dressed differently.—I had seen him on Sunday in Wellington-street with a new suit of clothes on.

Prisoner. I was never in the house in my life.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

