



1834. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of May, 1 towel, value 1s. 9d.; 1 brush, 7d.; 2 razors, 1s.; and 1 sovereign; the property of 



Thomas Scotchmer; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY SCOTCHMER
. I am the wife of Thomas Scotchmer, a hairdresser, in Brick-lane, Spitalfields. About six weeks ago the prisoner came to take the shop, at 12s. a week—we occupied the shop between us—I had a box in the back parlour—when I came home on the 1st of May I missed the jack-towel and two razors—I had a sovereign locked up in a box—I came home about four o'clock, and my little girl said something—I went to the box, and found it was locked, but the back part of the hinge was broken open, and the sovereign gone—the prisoner was gone too—he ought not to have been away—this is one of the razors—it is my husband's—the prisoner was taken on the 9th.





MIRAM GILL
. I am ten years old. On the 1st of May the prisoner came to work for my mother—about a quarter of an hour after my mother had gone out, I was sitting in the shop with the child—he said, "You had better go up stairs, or in the yard; the paint will get down the child's throat"—I staid up stairs about a quarter of an hour—the prisoner sent me for a screw-driver—a little girl gave me one that morning.





MARY ANN PALMER
. This screw-driver belongs to me—it was found below.





JAMES CRISFIELD
 (police-constable N 345.) The prisoner was given into my custody—I said he was charged with robbing the prosecutor—he said it was no robbery—I found on him this razor, and wig, and some cuttings of hair.

Prisoner's Defence. I had the screw-driver down stairs; the razor was sent to the grinder's, and generally the master's name is put on the razors, as this is.





WILLIAM COTTAM
 (police-sergeant G 10.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

