



1600. 




WILLIAM BARTEN



, stealing 1 watch, value 10l.,—the goods of 



William Eastgate Merritt, from his person.






WILLIAM EASTGATE MERRITT
. I am a licensed victualler, of Victoria-street, Holborn-bridge. On 26th May J was coming from Epsom races, and wentinto the King's Head, Upper Tooting, between eight and nine o'clock—I hada gold watch in my waistcoat pocket, with a guard-chain—as I came out to goto the coach the prisoner asked me to have some brandy—I declined—he wasclose to me—his hand was about a foot from me, as if it came from me—Ifelt my chain drop from my pocket on to mys tomach—I called, "Stop thief!"as he moved away, and ran after him—I got near him, he stopped short, butted me in the stomach with his head, knocked me down, and ran away—I found my watch swivel unscrewed—this is the watch and the ring of it (produced.)


Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTIXE. Q. Were other persons near you?A. Several round about.





JOHN MITCHELL
. I saw Mr. Merritt run after the prisoner, who hit him I with his head and then with his fist, and knocked him down—I saw himstopped) and had not lost sight of him—he passed Mr. Clark's house.





JOHN WOOD
. I am a butcher, of Wandsworth. I saw the prisoner running—he threw something over a gate next to Mr. Clark's house—he passedbetween me and the gate—I was half a yard from him.





SARAH PERRY
. I am in the service of Mr. Clark, of Upper Tooting. On 26th May, about nine o'clock at night, I was seeing the company come from Epsom—an alarm was given—I found this watch in the garden—I gave it to Howe.





JOHN BURGESS BARKER
 (policeman, N 318.) I stopped the prisoner abouthalf a mile from the King's Head—Merritt charged him with stealing a goldwatch—he knocked me down three times and kicked me—I took him to thestation with two constables' assistance.





EPHRAIM KNIGHT HOWE
 (policeman.) I got this watch from Sarah. Perry, and this ring from Greenaway.





WILLIAM GREENAWAY
. I am potman at the King's Head, Tooting. Ifound this ring in the passage by the bar next morning—I gave it to Howe.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.
