



2183. 




CATHERINE ALLEN



 was. indicted for stealing 1 watch, value 2l. 15s.; guard chain, 12s.; and 1 handkerchief, 3s.; the goods of 



John Mackinlay, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN MACKINLAY
. I am an engineer, and live in Richard-terrace, Black friars-road. About two o'clock in the morning of the 28th of Oct.,

I was in Waterloo-road—the prisoner came up to me two or three times—I told her to be gone—she went on, and made a stand still—the officer came, and said, "You will lose your watch and your guard"—I went on down Webber-street, and the prisoner knocked off my hat—I went to get it, and she gave me a sudden thrust, and took my watch off,' whether over my head or what, I do not know—I went and got the officer, and told him—I saw the prisoner again the next night at a public-house—she asked me to have some gin—I said, "No, I want to talk to you—what have you done with that property of mine?"—she said, "What property?"—I said, "That watch and things"—she made dreadful oaths, and said she was in bed by half-past ten that night—I said the best thing she could do was to come with me—I told her if she had pawned it to give me the duplicate, and I would say no more—she then said she wished she might be struck blind if the was the person—she ran off—I went and caught her, and brought her back to Oakley-street till an officer came, and she was brought to the station—I am sure she is the person.

Prisoner. He knows I am not the person; the superintendent would not take the charge till he went for the other constable; how could I knock his hat off, and take his watch and chain? I saw him the next night at this public-house, and is it likely I should go there?—he was drinking with me and some other women on Monday night; he left the others, and came out and walked with me; the policeman told him he would be robbed, and he said he knew me better than the officer did; I went home and went to bed, and I told him to go to bed.





HENRY PROWSE
 (police-constable L 102.) I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor at the corner of a, court—I cautioned him that if he did not mind he would lose his watch—the prisoner was with him, and in four or five minutes he complained of the loss of his watch—the prisoner heard me caution him.

Prisoner. Yes, and he said he knew me perfectly well; he said he would treat me; I went to the public-house; there were othet females and males that he treated as well as me; we then walked up Webber-street, and the officer said to him, "Do you know who you are with? she is a common prostitute;" he said he did not thank him for his information. I went home and went to bed. I live at No. 25, Gloucester-street. The prosecutor came to me the next night, and said, "Where is my watch?" I said, "I know nothing about it;" he said, "Will you come to the station?" I said, "By all means;" he has known me two or three years.

JURY
to
JOHN MACKINLAY. Q. Did you know where the prisoner lived? A. No, I never saw her before—we went to several places, and could not find her—we went to the house where she said she lived, and she had left that house.





ROBERT BARTLETT
 (police-constable L 188.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted 14th April, 1845, and confined six months)—she is the person, and she has been summarily convicted many times.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.


ADJOURNED TILL MONDAY, 24TH OF NOVEMBER.
