




2156. 




RICHARD HODNOTT
 and 




SOLOMON LYONS
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



William Dolby, on the 
14th of Oct., putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 handkerchief, 2s. 6d.; and 2 breast-pins and chain, 7s. 6d., his goods; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him, and that Hodnott had been before convicted of felony.



MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosection.






WILLIAM DOLBY
. I was a City police-constable, and lived at the police-tation, Great Tower-street; I live there now. On the night of the 14th of Oct. I was at the Surrey theatre, and left about a quarter after twelve—Esworthy was with me—we left the theatre together, and went to a cigar shop two or three doors from the theatre—we afterwards went into the Bridge-house public-house in our way home, between the theatre and the Queen's bench prison—I went to the bar and saw both the prisoners in front of the bar, not standing together at first—there might be nearly twenty persons in the house altogether—there were two or three women, and the rest men—I afterwards observed the prisoners standing together—the first thing that occurred to me was, I was struck a severe blow on the left cheek by the prisoner Lyons—I had not spoken to either of them—I turned my head round to my left, where Lyons was, and said, "What is that for?"—I thought something might have occurred, and that it was an accidental blow—Esworthy tried to come to my assistance, but was prevented by Hodnott, who struck him a blow which knocked him back towards the corner—I did not see other persons prevent him—I then received another blow from Lyons, which knocked off my hat, and from that a silk handkerchief vanished—I was then struck another blow on the breast, and knocked on one side near the tap of the bar—Lyons then turned round, and, with his left hand, snatched my stock and pin—I had a watch in my left pocket, with a silver guard round my neck—I lost that, but do not know who took it—it went at the first blow I was struck—Lyons turned to the left, and escaped by the side door—I followed him as quick at I could out at the side door; but before I could get quite to the door, it was closed against me for about a minute—I got out, saw a constable outside, and gave him information—I saw Lyons running when I got out at the door, but lost sight of him—he was apprehended about twenty minutes or half an hour after—I have not seen my watch or handkerchief since—I have seen my stock and a portion of the pin in the hands of the constable—it was a union pin—the chain is gone from it, except three or four links—I have no doubt whatever of the prisoners being the men.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALL ANT INE. Q. When did you retire from the police? A. Yesterday morning my time expired—I resigned, having sent in a month's notice—I was not in my uniform on this night—I had a night's leave to go out—the public-house was in my way home—I had never been into it before—I went in quite by accident—I think Esworthy had been in the house before, but he did not know it at the time—it was the first house that was open—we were smoking when we went in—I spoke to one of the women—I did not put my arm round her waist, nor touch her, that I know of; if I did, it was with my arm as she stepped up between me and my friend—she spoke to my friend first, and to me afterwards—she asked him to treat her—he refused—she then asked me, and I refused—I mentioned that at the Police-court—the land-lord had served me with a pint of half-and-half—I drank out of it, and set it down to Esworthy-before he drank, she asked him again to treat her—and he said, "If you like you can drink out of that"—she put it to her lips, but whether she drank any I do not knowthis was before I received the blowI was on one side of her and Esworthy on the other—it took a very short time—I might be there five minutes or more before any blow was struck—I did not speak to any other woman—I think there

were two or three in the room—Hodnott did not come up to me—he said nothing to me—I cannot say that he came up while I was talking to the woman—I will swear he did not speak to me—he was close to me—he said nothing to the woman that I know of—the landlord was there—he served me—I was not turned out of the house, nor was Esworthy, to my knowledge—I was not there when he left.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. I suppose there was some noise? A. Not much—there was talking—I was talking to my friend while the woman stood between us—I said nothing else to her—she stepped up between us as soon as we went to the bar—there was no disturbance in the room, only what took place between the prisoners and me—the door was shut against me after Lyons got out, by parties connected with him, I have no doubt—there was a short struggle to get out at the door, but no particular violence—the bar is in an oval direction—I do not know who snatched my watch—it was taken at the time I received the first blow on my cheek—I did not turn round to strike again, but to ask what it was for—I also received a slight cut on my left hand, which appeared to be from a sharp instrument—the chain which fastened the pin was a thin gold chain—the two ends of my stock came out, and the chain was broken.

MR. PARRY. Q. I suppose there was a black satin front to the stock? A. Yes, that was torn off—I did not receive the least assistance from the landlord, or anybody in the house—I was prevented from leaving the house by other parties besides the prisoners—my watch was in my left waistcoat-pocket—I had on the coat I have now—it was not buttoned—the chain was visible.





ROBERT ESWORTHY
. I am a clerk, at present out of a situation; I lodge at No. 68, Lower Thames-street. I have known Dolby three years—I was in his company on the evening of the 14th of Oct. at the Surrey theatre—we left at about a quarter past twelve o'clock—we went into a cigar shop, and afterwards into the Bridge-house public-house, Borough-road, in our way home—there were fifteen or twenty persons standing at the bar—a girl spoke to us—I did not treat her—she drank out of the half-and-half which we had—while standing at the bar, Hodnott and one who is not in custody came up to me, and asked if I knew a young man named George, who, the person not in custody told me, was in the detective force, and he went on telling me he would give any money to find him—I asked him what his other name was—he said Townsend, and I told him I did not know the name (he said he himself belonged to the detective force, and was under the Forresters, and said he was stationed round the Bank) I then heard Dolby say, "What is that for?" and I saw him and Lyons scuffling together—as I was going to Dolby's assistance I received a severe blow from Hodnott, and fell down—on getting up Hodnott knocked me down again—I got up, and saw Lyons rush out of the house, and Dolby after him—there was one man at the door, who prevented Dolby going out—others surrounded and struck me—I got up, and put my hands up to my eyes to save them from being blackened, but I had a black eye the next morning—after receiving several severe blows for five or six minutes, I managed to get out of the house, and on going up the street I saw Dolby and the policeman talking together—I afterwards saw Lyons in custody (about one o'clock, or ten minutes after)—Hodnott remained behind—I saw him taken about one o'clock the same morning—I afterwards saw Dolby's pin, without the chain, found on the

floor in front of the bar—neither the landlord, nor anybody, rendered me any assistance.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You went in with cigars in your mouths, did you not? A. Yes—there were three or four women inside—one woman was standing in front of us—we did not touch her at all—she asked me to treat her—I said, "No"—then she asked Dolby, and he said, "Here is some half-and-half, if you like to drink out of it"—I lost nothing—I had no watch, chain, or purse—I had a few shillings in my pocket—I was not turned out of the place.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. When you turned round how were Lyons and Dolby? A. Scuffling together, with their hands on each other—that lasted till Lyons rushed out—I saw nothing till I heard Dolby say "What is that for?"

MR. PARRY. Q. Were any other persons smoking besides you? A. Hodnott was smoking a pipe—I did not observe any more smoking.





JOHN WISE
 (police-constable M 84.) In consequence of information, I apprehended Hodnott, about half-past twelve o'clock, on the morning of. the 15th, in James-street, Union-street, Borough-road, in the street—Dolby had him on the ground when I came up—I told him he must come with me for the assault and robbery—he said, "Very well, I will go with you, John"—I know the Bridge-house perfectly well—it is generally open till two or three o'clock in the morning—it is a general practice for persons to be smoking there.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. That observation applies to every house, does it not? A. Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. You found the stock and pin? A. The front of the stock was found by the landlord, who is here—I did not see him pick it up—I saw him stoop in front of the bar—that was within a quarter of an hour after I had apprehended Hodnott, about one or half-past.

MR. PARRY. Q. Were Dolby and Hodnott struggling? A. Not at the time—Esworthy was there, and two or three other persons—there was a female there—I know her—she is connected with Hodnott.

COURT. Q. Did either party call you? A. Esworthy called me—Dolby and Esworthy were together at first, going in pursuit of Lyons—Hodnott passed us, and Dolby said he thought he was one of the party—Hodnott was drunk.





FREDERICK LITCHFIELD
 (police-constable M 50.) Between twelve and one o'clock in the morning of the 15th of Oct. I saw Dolby and Esworthy—in consequence of information they gave me, I apprehended Lyons in King-street, Union-street, Borough-road, about a quarter before one o'clock—Dolby and Esworthy were not present—I told him I wanted him for the job at the Bridge-house—he said, "What is that?"—I said, "Assault and robbery"—he said he knew nothing about it; he had just been to take brandy-faced Poll home, as she was drunk.





THOMAS REDFORD
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Hodnott's former conviction—(read)—I was present at the trial, and am certain he is the man.

HODNOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Twenty Years.


LYONS—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Lord Chief Baron Pollock.

