




84. 




CATHARINE CURTIS
 was again indicted with 




ENOS HANCOCK



 for stealing 1 watch, value 15l., the property of 



Charles Barnes Barfoot, from his person.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BARNES BARFOOT.
 I live in the Strand. On Sunday evening, the 10th of Oct., I got out of an omnibus in Gracechurch-street, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening—I had a gold watch in my waistcoat-pocket, fastened with a gold chain round my neck—I had seen my watch a few minutes before—when I got out, Curtis came up to me at the corner of Lombard-street—I forget the observation she made, but I went along Lombard-street, and she followed me to the corner of Nicholas-lane, which was twenty or thirty yards—she was with me a few minutes—she then ran away and immediately Hancock appeared—he said, "Halloo" in a sort of alarm—I said to him, "I thought you were a policeman"—he said, "No"—he left me and I discovered that my watch was gone, but not the chain—I gave a description of the prisoners to the police—I next saw Hancock in custody at the station—he had been apprehended from the information I gave—he is the man—Curtis I recognized in Newgate—the swivel of my watch chain was very loose—the watch could be detached from it by a snatch.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. When did you see Curtis in New-gate? A. About a week since—she followed me at first—I went up the court with her for about two minutes—we were standing pretty close together—I was rather in a suspicious position with her—I did not notice whether the court was dark or light—it was in the road I was going—my watch has not been found.

COURT.
Q. Was there anything in the state of your dress or otherwise to induce the exclamation of "Halloo?" A. No.





WILLIAM NEWNHAM
 (City-policeman, 67.) I knew the two prisoners—I heard of this robbery, and about two nights afterwards I saw the two prisoners in company together in a public-house in Cannon-street—they came out and walked by the White Bear, and there the woman separated from the man—she walked up King William-street with a gentleman whom the accosted there—they just passed the end of Nicholas-lane, and the man followed them, and he turned up Nicholas-lane—I went up Abchurch-lane and saw the woman and gentleman standing talking, and the man was just by in a door-way—the women then left the gentleman and I told him he was in bad company—I have seen the prisoners in company in the street since then.






THOMAS TURVEY
 (policeman, M 196.) I took Hancock last Monday week in the Borough—I told him of this charge—he denied all knowledge of it.

COURT
to
C. B. BARBER.
Q. How shortly before you got in company with the female were you conscious of your watch being in your possession? A. About ten minutes—I am not exactly certain it was in my possession when I got out of the omnibus, but when I was in I had it—I was not more then two or three minutes in the woman's company—the man had no opportunity of actually taking the watch—it must have been taken by another person—he came up with his hat in his hand behind him—he came from Lombard-street—I was standing close to the woman, side by side and talking to her—I was not about to remain with her if he had not came up.

Hancock's Defence. I am perfectly innocent; I know nothing about this woman or the watch.

CURTIS—


GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


HANCOCK**—


GUILTY. Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.

