




1396. 




MARY ANN BROWN
 and 



JOHN SKINNER FRANCIS
 were indicted for

 feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 190l., with intent to defraud 



Abel Smith and others.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS EVISON
. I am a cashier in the house of Smith, Payne, and Smith, bankers, in Lombard-street; Mr. Abel Smith is the principal partner, and there are others. On the 9th of Jan. last this check was presented at the counter to me; I have no recollection by whom—I do not know whether it was a male, a female, or a child; I did not take any notice—Lady Nelthorpe keeps an account at our banking-house—this purports to be signed "M. Nelthorpe"—nothing attracted my attention to it—I paid for it three 50l. Bank of England notes, one of which was No. 75950, dated the 6th of July, 1843, and eight 5l. notes, Nos. 64251 to 58 inclusive, dated the 13th of Nov., 1843.





LADY MARGARET NELTHORPE
. I am the widow of Sir Henry Nelthorpe,

Bart., and reside at River-hill, Kent. In the latter end of 1842 I was in London—the female prisoner was introduced to me in October that year—she was desirous of becoming a companion to me—no arrangement of that sort was come to—I invited her to stay at my house, and she came—she remained with me from about the 10th of Oct. to the 21st of Nov., or thereabouts, as an inmate—after that she was in the habit of coming to my house as long as I remained in town—I understood from her that she was in very distressed circumstances, and she applied to me to lend her 5s. for an advertisement just before she left—during the time she was with me she had many times the opportunity of noticing my handwriting—I have heard her say that she could imitate any person's handwriting—whilst she was with me I had a banking account at Smith, Payne, and Smith's, of London—she had an opportunity of knowing that—I cannot swear that she did know it, but I have no doubt she did—at this moment I cannot call my recollection with any certainty about it—I was in the habit of drawing checks on that house while she was with me—she generally sat in the same room that I did—I was in the habit of writing my checks upon engraved bank checks—that was not always the case; I have written upon plain paper, and signed it, but that was not "Pay the bearer"—the check produced is not my handwriting, nor was it written by my authority—it is very much like my signature—I have never had any communication with or from the female prisoner since Dec., 1842.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. I think you say the generality of the checks you signed were engraved checks? A. They were—I could not swear that I ever signed a check in the prisoner's presence—I might possibly sign a written check two or three times in the course of a year, not more.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You do not remember any particular occasion on which the female prisoner was present when you signed a check? A. I do not particularly remember—she may have seen me sign many—I do not remember positively, one way or the other, whether any of my checks have been under her notice.





ELIZABETH MASON
. I am a widow, and live at No. 17, Ranelagh-grove, Pimlico—the two prisoners came to lodge at my house about September last—they lived there as man and wife, and passed as Mr. and Mrs. Francis—they left about the 22nd or 23rd of February, I cannot say to a day—it was the latter part of Feb.—this is a bill for two weeks' rent, and various items of expenditure at my house—it is the female prisoner's writing—she settled with me—I cannot say that she settled with me on the day this was made out—the rent became due on the Thursday, but I really cannot say what date—this was written on the same day she paid me the rent—it is dated the 11th of Jan., 1844—I cannot say what she gave me in payment—I cannot say whether it was then that 1 took a 5l. note or not—I received a 5l. note one time for rent—I cannot say whether that was after this bill was made out—I do not know at what time it was—I did not receive more than one 5l. note from her—I cannot tell whether that was before that bill was made out, or after—it was for rent and money laid out—Brown paid it me, and I paid it to young Mr. Cafe for my rent—I cannot say on what day; it was when he came for the rent—it might be three weeks or a month after I received it from Brown, but I cannot say—I know I paid Mr. Cafe the note I received from her, because I had no other—before she paid it me, she had said she was about receiving some money at the beginning of the year.

COURT. Q. Did they pay the rent weekly, or how? A. Weekly—it was never in arrear but once, and that was through my being out—I cannot say when that was—it was before this, and once when my husband was lying dead—that

made twice I believe—he died on the 14tb of Feb. last—I cannot say whether this was one of the occasions when it was a week in arrear—it might be so—it was before the rent was in arrear that she told me she was going to take some money at the beginning of the year—it might be before Christmas—I cannot say when it was at the latter part of the year.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS Can you read writing? A. Yes—I do not think I ever receipted this bill—this receipt was written by Miss Brown—the 5l. note was given to me before my husband's death—I am sure of that—it was not at the time he was lying dead, it was before he was taken ill—he was taken on the Monday evening, and died on the Wednesday evening—they always conducted themselves very respectable at my house, nobody more so.





HENRY HAMILTON CAFE
. I am the son of Mr. Cafe, the auctioneer—I collect the rent of the house in which Mrs. Mason lives—I received the rent due at Christmas from her, on the 7th of March last—it was 9l. 10s.—I received this 5l. note (No. 64253) from her in part payment—I find my handwriting upon it.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. When was that mark placed on it by you? A. I do not recollect whether I placed it on immediately on receiving it, or when I got home, but I received no other note that day—I am quite sure of that, and that I marked it on that day.





THOMAS EVISON

re—examined. The notes I delivered to the party presenting the check, I should infer were new ones, by their being consecutive numbers, just from the Bank, perhaps that very morning—I should think they had not been before issued to the public, by their being consecutive numbers—that is the way in which they come to our house from the Bank—we pay other notes besides those we receive from the Bank of England, those paid in by customers—customers very often pay them in rolls.





SUSAN LUFF
. I am a milliner, and live in Regent—street. I know the female prisoner—I have received letters from her at the latter part of 1842—I have afterwards seen her on the subject of those letters, and spoken with her about it—I believe this check to be her handwriting.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Did you ever see her write? A. Never—I do not think I ever conversed with her on the subject of more than one letter—this check has been shown to me before—I do not know whether a letter was put into my hands to look at before that—a letter was put into my hands by Mr. Bush—I cannot remember whether he requested me to compare the letter and the check together—the letter was put into my hand to look at the handwriting—I do not know why—I was not asked the question—Mrs. Mason's bill was not put into my hands—I saw it at the examination—I have received more than two letter from Miss Brown—I think four—three I am positive of—I preserved some of them—I have not got them now—if I had seen this check in another part of town without mention of her name, and without reference to this transaction, I do not know that I should have had any notion whose writing it was—I do not think any other documents were shown to me by Mr. Bush—I cannot remember whether I compared the check with the letter Mr. Bush showed me—I cannot remember whether I saw the two together or separately—It was at Bow—street, about six weeks or two months ago—they were shown to me before went in be-fore the Magistrate—I do not think any one was present besides Mr. Bush—the last letter I received from Miss Brown, was in 1842, while she was staying with Lady Nelthorpe—I do not know that I examined the check and the letter together—I have said that I did not remember whether I saw them together or separately.






JAMES HUME
, baker, St. Michael's-place, Brompton. I know Mrs. Fredericks, the mother of the prisoner Francis—she lives in Michael's-grove, near me—this 5l. note, (No. 64258,) has the name of Fredericks written on it by me—I cannot tell of whom I received it—I wrote the name of Fredericks on it because it came from their house, by one of themselves—it was my habit, if a person came from Fredericks' house, to write that name—I should not do so for an entire stranger—this 50l. note, No. 75950, has also the name of Fredericks on it in my own handwriting.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Mrs. Fredericks is a lady whom you supply with bread? A. Yes—she has lived there some three or four years—they are a very respectable family, and well connected—she has other sons besides Mr. Francis—they are gentlemen in the army—I believe the prisoner is in the army—Mrs. Fredericks has married a second husband—her name was Francis—the prisoner is her son by her former husband.





SOPHIA ANN NEIRN
. I am cook in the service of Mrs. Fredericks, of Brompton. I went into her service last Nov.—I remember changing a 5l. note at Mr. Hume's—I cannot say when it was—I changed two 5l. notes altogether, and no more—Mr. Francis, the prisoner, gave me both of them to change, at separate times—I do not know who changed them for me at Mr. Hume's—I gave the change to Mr. Francis—he was then at his mother's house—he was in the habit of coming there at times.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How long have you lived with Mrs. Fredericks? A. Since the 29th of Oct.—she has two servants and a gardener—she has two grown-up daughters by her first husband, living with her—Mr. Francis used to come there sometimes—sometimes he slept there, and sometimes not.





JAMES HUMS

re-examined. Only Mrs. Hume and myself give change—whoever gives change, generally writes on the note the name of the person giving it—my wife is not here—she is very well.





JAMES BIRD
. I live at No. 17, Ranelagh-grove, Pimlico, and am the conductor of an omnibus. The prisoners lodged in the same house for some months—they were lodging there in Feb. last—I see my handwriting on this 5l. note, No. 64252—I received it from my wife who is in a very delicate state of health—I got it changed, and put my name on it at the time.





NICHOLAS PEARCE
. I am an inspector of the A division of police. I took the prisoners into custody on Thursday, the 4th of April—I found them living at Kingston, in Surrey—Thornton and Kend all were with me—I went alone into the room where they were—I was not in uniform—I found the two prisoners in the room—I beckoned Francis out of the room, and asked who that female was—he said, "She is my wife"—I told him I was a policeofficer, and that I should take him into custody for being concerned with that female in committing a forgery on Smith, Payne, and Smith, on the 9th of Jan.—he said, "I can explain that"—I said, "Be cautious what explanation you give"—he said, "I hope it is not known in the house"—he said, "Don't let it be known—she is not my wife"—I then left him in custody of one of the officers, and went into the room where the female was—I told her that I should take her into custody for presenting a forged check to Smith, Payne, and Smith, purporting to have been drawn by Lady Nelthorpe—she said, "I am innocent, what did Mr. Francis tell you?"—I made no answer—that was all she said.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Do you know a lady named Baker, a milliner, in Piccadilly? A. I never saw her—I have never been to her—I believe one of the officers has been, either Kendall or Thornton, but I do not know—I saw a female at Bow-street of the name of Boyd, I believe—when

I apprehended the prisoners I seized all their papers and documents both their writing desks, their letters, bills, and every thing they contained—there were bills showing with whom they had dealings—I have sent to several of those parties—I have not gone myself—I have not sent the forged check to those parties—I did not send it to Miss Baker, or direct it to be taken—I have heard it mentioned that it has been taken.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Among the other papers did you find the bill that has been produced? A. Yes—I believe it to be the same—I found it in Brown's writing desk at Kingston.





EDWARD KENDALL
 (police-sergeant A 30.) I accompanied Pearce to Kingston—Francis was left in my custody, and while Pearce went into the room he asked me what I knew of the affair—I said, "Very little"—he said, "I knew Smith, Payne, and Smith, were Miss Brown's bankers—I know she went with a check on the 9th, 10th, or 12th—I do not know who paid it—I was not present, but money was placed in my hands—I dare say some of the notes will be traced to me, and so I can trace them"—he said the affair quite staggered him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. I believe it was a respectable house they were lodging at? A. Very, at Messrs. Muggeridge, the corndealers.





STEPHEN THORNTON
 (police-constable K 26.) I accompanied Pearce to Kingston—after the prisoners were taken into custody I conveyed Francis to the station—on our way there, he said he had been told by the female prisoner that it was an annuity of 200l., and he did not know to the contrary—next morning I conveyed him from the place where he was confined to the railway station—he then repeated that he understood from her it was an annuity of 200l.—he said that he went with the female prisoner to Smith, Payne, and Smith's, the bankers, and she went in whilst he remained outside, and that when she came out she brought him the whole of the money she had received for the check, and most likely the whole of the notes might be traced to him, or the greater portion—he asked me if the body of the check was filled up in his handwriting—I told him I did not know anything about it—he said nothing more.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. I believe he several times expressed himself with indignation at being taken up on such a crime? A. Yes, he did—before we had this conversation, I desired him to be careful what he said—he said he knew nothing of the affair he was charged with; he always understood from the female prisoner that it was an annuity—I do not remember his saying that he did not fear the strictest inquiry, or that if he had suspected anything wrong, he would have been the first to go to the banker's and investigate it—when the female prisoner was taken into custody she was dressed in a genteel, lady-like manner, and looked very much like a lady.

MR. EVISON
re-examined. No customer named Miss Brown had any account with us that I can recollect.





NICHOLAS PEARCE

re-examined. I was at the police-office—Mr. Francis was admitted to bail—it was proposed to call him as a witness, but his counsel objected—I do not recollect Mr. Jardine, the Magistrate, saying he could scarcely ask him any question unless there was a free pardon.
(The check was dated January 9th, 1844, for 190/., payable to bearer, and signed, "M. Nelthorpe.")

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fifteen Years



FRANCIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
