




1146. 




CHARLES DAVIS
 and 



JAMES QUIN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
10th of March, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 



William Cave, from his person; and that Davis had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM CAVE
. I am an omnibus conductor, living in Harford-street I was returning home about twelve o'clock on the 10th of March, with a female on my right arm—I got to Marylebone lane, and noticed some persons walking behind me—I thought they wanted to pass—I looked back, and saw the two prisoners—I am sure they are the two—I felt my coat fall against my leg—I looked, and missed my handkerchief, which I had used a short time before, from my left-hand pocket—the two prisoners passed me, and went up Henrietta-street—I said, "You have stolen my handkerchief"—they immediately commenced running—I ran after them—I followed Davis, who turned down Welbeck-street—Quin kept straight on in Henrietta-street—I saw Davis, as he passed an area, stoop, and just beyond there I overtook him, and told him he bad stolen my handkerchief—he said be bad not—during the scuffle Quin was brought up—the policeman came, and took them—I told the officer where I thought Davis had stooped, it was the first or second area in Wei beck-street—the handkerchief produced is mine—I do not know it by any mark, it is like the one I lost, as far as the pattern goes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many thousand pattern' of that kind are there? A. There may be hundreds more like it, I do not swear positively to it—I was before the Magistrate—I never said, "The handkerchief produced is my property, the same as I missed"—I never put my name down to such words, to my recollection—I told the Magistrate what I have told you—if I have signed that, it is a mistake—the clerk read it over to me in the private office—he desired me to attend to it, and I signed it—I did not desire him to correct any error—the female was a

young woman with whom I keep company—about three year ago I was time-keeper at Charing-cross—I was in the employ of a man named Byers—I left him as soon as I could—I cannot tell how often I was a witness for him, nor how many oaths I took before I was disgusted with him, I think a hundred—I had a situation offered me at last, which I thought would be more to my credit, and I have been there three years—I bad 2l. a week from Byers—that was for writing, I did not swear also—I was not forced to swear—my object in taking the 100 oaths was to protect the revenue—I am not a ware what the expenses a day are here, I thought it was 3s. 6d.—upon my oath I did not say before the Magistrate that this was my handkerchief—(depositions read—"The handkerchief is my property, and the one I missed")—I do not believe now that I used those words—I do not remember the publican to whose house I went for the purpose of laying information—I indicted him and a lot of his blackguard customers at the Clerkenwell Sessions—I did not prosecute that indictment—I went to the Sessions—I was fined something for not appearing—I did not swear against them at the Magistrate's—I am quite certain I did not go before any Magistrate—I went before the Grand Jury—I did not give them notice that I was going—I do not think they were ever taken—I paid 40s. by order of the Court.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What did yon leave Byers for? A. My family's feelings—I am married, bat me and my wife have been separated two years—I know the name of the lady I was keeping company with, she lives at No. 20, Harcourt-street—she is not here—she and a gentleman's coachman brought Quin back—the coachman is not here—I was perfectly sober—I had been to the theatre—I never saw Quin before, to my knowledge—I think he said he bad not been with the other, and did not know him.

COURT. Q. How was it yon did not prosecute the publican, and the persons who assaulted you? A. I think we were too late—there were two policemen in the S division who protected me from their violence.





HILL BECK
 (police-constable S 127.) About twelve o'clock at night, on the 10th of March, I saw the prosecutor and Davis struggling in Welbeck-street, the prosecutor said he had been robbed of his handkerchief, and Davis had dropped it down the area—during that time Quin was brought over by the woman and the coachman—the prosecutor immediately said, "That is the other"—I took them to the station, returned to Welbeck-street, and found this handkerchief half-way down the area, within five yards of the place where I saw Davis and the prosecutor-Cave said he believed that was his handkerchief, it was like it—when he was before the Magistrate be said he believed it was his, and in the private room he owned it—I know Mr. Rawlings's handwriting, this is it—I was present during the examination of the two prisoners—I heard the statement they made—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This handkerchief was hanging between the rails? A. Yes, on the side of the foot-path—this statement was made in the public office—Mr. Rawlings was there when it was taken down—the prisoners were not in the private office—I cannot say whether the Magistrate took it down—I heard them say this before the Magistrate.

COURT. Q. Did you hear the statement they made read over to them afterwards? A. No—I heard these words said by Davis, "Davis says

my friend and I were coming from bearing a song in Mortimer-street; the gentleman ran after us, and said we bad robbed him of his handkerchief; Quin says, "I know no more about it than a child unborn."





WILLIAM FORD
 (police-constable B 186.) I produce a certificate of Davis's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

QUIN—


NOT GUILTY
.
