



404. 




DANIEL LLOYD
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William White, at 
St. Mary Abbott, Kensington, and stealing there in, 21bs. weight of dripping, value 6d. his goods; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JUDITH WHITE
. I am the wife of William White, and live in Parker-court, Knightsbridge; I sell bones and rags—we occupy the front parlour, which has a window with two sashes, one going down, the other up, and kept down by its own weight. On Tuesday evening, the 7th of Nov., about half-past seven o'clock, I left the parlour, and locked the door—I am sure the lower sash was down—I did not leave any one there—I returned about eight, and found the lower sash had been raised about a foot—I missed two pounds of dripping out of a blue dish—it was there when I went out—I made inquiries, went to Elwood's, and found some dripping there which corresponded with what I lost—it was weighed, and weighed two pounds,





SAMUEL PROCTOR
. I live in North-street, Chelsea. About a quarter be-fore eight o'clock on Friday evening, the 7th of Nov., I saw the prisoner leaning against the prosecutor's door-post—I asked if he was lodging there—he said no—he said there was a piece of dripping he meant to have—I went home—I did not say anything to him—I then saw him come to the end of the court with the dripping under his jacket—I saw him lift the window-sash up—I had seen that dripping in the prosecutor's window.





ANN ELWOOD
. I keep a rag-shop. About eight o'clock that evening the prisoner brought me some dripping—he said a cook gave it him—the prosecutrix came afterwards and claimed it.





JOHN DAY
 (police-constable B 65.) I took the prisoner—he said, "I have made it all right about the dripping."






JUDITH WHITE

re-examined. I only rent the parlour, and have one sleeping-room not connected with the parlour—we go out into the passage to go up stairs—the passage if open to other persons—the house belongs to Mr. Robertson, who does not live there.





MAURICE MULCAHAY
 (police-sergeant B 2.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person—I was present at his trial—he had been before convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

