




1382. 




ROBERT SMITH
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of March, 1 shilling, and two sixpences, the monies of 



Elizabeth Skinner and another; and that he had been twice before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH SKINNER
. I am single, and am in partnership with my brother. We keep a baker's shop on Blackheath. On the 6th of March, I had occasion to leave the shop and go into the kitchen—I returned and found the prisoner with his hand in the till—when he saw me he instantly left the shop—I cried, "Stop thief"—I found the till half open—I am quite sure the prisoner is the person—I had examined the till about three minutes before, there was then one shilling, two sixpences, and some copper in it, and when he left all the silver was gone.

Prisoner. She told me to run after the chap. Witness. No; he is the one who took the money from the till—there was another taller than him outside.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (police-constable R 84.) I was on duty—I saw the prisoner running from the prosecutrix' shop—I ran and overtook him at the railway—I said, "Hallo! where are you going?"—he said, "I am looking after a lad who has robbed a till."

JURY. Q. How far was he from the prosecutrix' shop when you first saw him running? A. About 200 yards.

Prisoner. She told me to run after the chap, and I did, and the officer took me—this woman is not the chief witness—the fishmonger that saw the prisoner run away is not here. Witness. He never was brought in question at all—it never was mentioned about him.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read)—the prisoner is the person—he had three months' imprisonment, and was whipped.

Prisoner. It is false, I never was in prison but once before. Witness. I am sure he is the person—he was tried with another person, and each of them reversed their names—the prisoner gave his name as Robert Hall.





EDWARD PRIME
 (police-constable B 85.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person—he was tried in the Old Court—I am sure he is the person.

Prisoner. That is right.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

