



1345. 




HERBERT GODWIN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Sarah Lewis, about the hour of eleven in the night, on the 
24th of March, at 
St. Olave, Silver-street, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 time-piece, value 8s.; 1 cloth cloak, value 20s.; 6 yards of calico, value 3s.; and 2 sheets, value 2s.; the goods of the said 



Sarah Lewis.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
GURNEY
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH LEWIS
. I am a widow, and keep a marine-store shop. On the 24th of March last I carried on business in Silver-street—on that evening the prisoner came to my shop soon after ten o'clock—the house was then closed and shut up—he knocked at the street-door—I opened it—he said he wanted to go into my shop—I said he should—I went round, opened the shop-door, and let him into the shop—when he came in, he asked if I had not bought some pewter of a boy about eight o'clock—I told him no, and told him to go round the counter, he could see what metal I did buy was in there, but instead of that he put his hand upon some list which I had bought in the course of the day, which stood up towards the window, and said, "Here is some kind of metal here"—I said if there was metal

there it was unknown to me, I had never put any there, which I had not—be took and brought it on the counter, untied it out of a piece of rag, and found part of a pewter-pot in it—I had never seen that before, and told him so—he said scarcely a word—he said I must go to the station—I said "Very well," and went with him—before I went I asked if be would let me speak to a person who lodged on the second-floor (I only lodge there myself—I took the apartment of Mr. Allwright) he said there was no occasion for me to speak to that person—I locked up my house, took the keys with me, and went with him—as we went along he asked me if I had any friends—I said yes, I had got a son, if he would be so good as to go to him, I should be obliged—be asked if I had any thing in my pocket to give my son—I put my hand into my pocket and gave him all my keys—I gave him the key of the street-door, of the shop, of the little room even with the shop, and of my bed-room—these are the keys I gave him—I also gave him 2s.—he said he would take them to my son—I went to the station in Moor-lane—the prisoner left me there—it was about a quarter after ten when we got there—in about a quarter of an hour he came back there, and took me to Tower-street station—Silver-street is not above five minutes walk from Moor-lane—I was at Tower-street a good bit—the prisoner was tent to get bail for me—he stopped with me till Mr. Waller sent him to get me bail—I obtained bail, and went back to my house in Silver-street—the prisoner went with me and Mr. Cox, my bail—the prisoner returned me the keys at the station-house in Tower-street—when I got back to the house I went in—the prisoner went down to the shop and parlour to see that all was safe—he did not ask me any thing about it—he and my bail both went away together—after they were gone I went up to my bed-room to go to bed, and found it rather confused, and missed a time-piece and my cloak—I ran down stairs directly, and opened the street-door to look for a policeman—I saw two, and took them both into the house—I showed them where my time-piece and cloak had been, and my drawers were confused—this was between two and three o'clock in the morning—I lost six yards of calico and a pair of sheets out of the drawers—I had seen the time-piece and cloak in the afternoon—I always kept my bed-room door locked—I have the key here—I had it in my pocket from the time I saw the time-piece till I gave it to the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. IS it your duty to keep a book in which you enter all the sales that take place? A. Yes, but I cannot write, and do not keep any book—nobody makes any entry of sales for me—nobody else sells things in my shop—the policeman asked me if I had any plate, and I told him what I had—I said I had a sovereign in a drawer, and half a dozen tea spoons and a pair of sugar-tongs—I did not tell him where they were—I said I had a sovereign in a drawer—I found that safe—he might have taken that if he liked—I found the tea-spoons and sugar-tongs safe—the prisoner succeeded in obtaining me bail.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Waller, the inspector, ordered him to go? A. Yes, I said Cox would be me bail.





ADAM SPARY
. I am assistant inspector of police. I was on the 24th of March on duty at the station in Moor-lane—the prisoner was at that time in the police—I remember his bringing Mrs. Lewis in custody to the station, about a quarter after ten o'clock that night—I asked him what he brought her for—he staled the nature of the charge—I took her into my custody for safety—he said he wanted to go and take another person

into custody, and left directly—I remained there till eleven—he had not come back then, when I was obliged to go out—Silver-street is better than a furlong from the station.





CHARLES WATSON
. I am clerk at the station in Moor-lane. I remember the evening of the 24th of March perfectly well—the prisoner returned to the station that night at twenty-five minutes after eleven o'clock, and took away Mrs. Lewis to the other station.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know a person named Nicholls? A. I do not.





WILLIAM WHITE
(City police-constable, No. 112.) I was on duty in Silver-street on the evening of the 24th of March—I did not know the prisoner before—I saw him about half-past nine o'clock in Silver-street in his uniform, in company with a man who was in plain clothes, with a Macintosh on—they were loitering about in the street, walking up and down, for about half an hour—I kept my eye on them—they then separated, the prisoner placed himself in a dark doorway, and his companion went on the opposite side of the way, walking to and fro—I went to the prisoner and asked him if there was anything amiss—he said nothing very particular—I asked if he knew any thing of the man he was in company with opposite a short time ago—he said oh, yes, he knew him very well, it was all right—I then went round my beat, and in about a quarter of an hour afterwards I saw the prosecutrix apparently in custody of the prisoner, going in the direction of Moor-lane, and about twenty yards behind I saw the other man following them—I went round my beat, and was in Silver-street again in about a quarter of an hour, and the prisoner and his companion went to the prosecutrix's door and opened it—there had been time for them to go to the station and return—they both came up together, and passed me four or five yards from the door—they opened Mrs. Lewis's door—I could not see which opened it—they both went in—the prisoner brought a candle to the door, and asked me to give him a light, which I did, and at the same time his companion desired me to keep pretty handy, as my services might be shortly required—I kept there about ten minutes, neither of them came out, and at that time I was obliged to go round my beat, and saw no more till I saw the prisoner and prosecutrix and her bail come back about two o' clock, or a little after—Mrs. Lewis asked me to give her a light, which I did, and she went into the house—I could not see whether the other two went into the house—in about a quarter of an hour Mrs. Lewis came out and complained of being robbed—about five, Waller, the inspector, sent for me to the Tower-street station—I there found the prisoner and Mrs. Lewis—I told the inspector what I had seen, in the prisoner's hearing, and the prisoner contradicted it, and said he had not been there at all—I had not seen him before that night, but I am certain he is the same man.

COURT. Q. Have you seen the other man since? A. I have not—he has not brought him forward.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Had you an opportunity of seeing the prisoner's features when you gave him the light? A. I had—he persisted in denying having been near the house at all.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you mean by persisting in denying? A. He strongly denied—he said he was not there—he had not been near there—the inspector asked him if he had been there, once or twice—I will swear he asked him twice in my hearing, and he said on both occasions that he had not been there—he strongly denied it—the inspector asked

if he had been there a second time—I cannot state his precise words—the prosecutrix had stated the robbery in his presence at that time—I do not know any body named Nicholls.

Q. Do you know the person supposed to be with the prisoner that night? A. By seeing him loitering in the street—I do not know his name.
CHARLES WALLER. I am an inspector of police. On the 24th of March, I was at the station in Tower-street, and remember the prisoner coming there with Mrs. Lewis—he charged her with having two pint pots and some pewter in her possession, and not giving a satisfactory account of it, and she said she knew nothing about it, she never saw them in her shop till the prisoner showed them to her—there was no prosecutor to substantiate the charge—I took bail for her appearance, and she was discharged—she returned to the station in about three hours, or three and a half, with Mr. Cox, her bail—nobody else that I know of—a complaint was made of her having been robbed—in consequence of what was communicated to me, I sent for the prisoner, and stated to him that the prisoner he had brought to the station came and complained she had been robbed, and I asked if he knew any thing about it—he said, "No"—I told the prisoner she had been robbed of a time-piece, a cloak, and several other little articles, but she could not say what she had lost, that her drawers were all ransacked, and the place covered with property—I asked the prisoner if he went to that house to search it—he said,"No"—I then sent for White, being the constable on the beat, and asked him in the prisoner's presence if he had seen the prisoner there—he said, "Yes"—I asked him what time he saw him there—he said, "About half-past ten o'clock—the prisoner said, "No, you did not see me there"—White said, "Yes, I-did, I gave you a light"—the prisoner strongly denied taking a light from White—I asked the prisoner if he knew any thing about the time-piece and cloak, or the robbery—he said no, he knew nothing about it—White repeated his statement in the prisoner's presence—the prisoner said, "No, you must be mistaken, I had no light from you, and I was not there"—in the morning he was in conversation with one of the sergeants—I asked him if I could assist him in any way, as there was another person with him, whether he knew him or not, if he could tell me his name, or where he lived—(meaning his informant)—he said, "No, I thought I had the name and address in my pocket, but I cannot find it"—about seven that morning I asked him to tell me the truth, and if I could assist in apprehending his informant I would do it—he then said his informant took the cloak out of the room, and brought it down stairs, and stated to him that he knew a person the cloak belonged to, that he would bring the Party to the station to identify it by nine that morning—he said both he and his informant went into the house together, and went up stairs—he did not say how they got in—I asked what was his reason for leaving Mrs. Lewis at the station in Moor-lane, as the charge did not come to my station before twelve, and Mrs. Lewis was taken into custody about ten—he told me he was going to find the thief—on the Saturday I attended before the Magistrate, and Mrs. Lewis was discharged.

COURT. Q. Was Moor-lane the right station? A. Yes—he belonging to Tower-street, thought he would bring her to his own inspector—Silver-street is out of his beat, except on business—he was discharged from duty at nine that night, till eight next morning—if there was any thing wrong going on in Silver-street it was his duty to communicate with the other man.


MR. GURNEY. Q. YOU asked why he left Mrs. Lewis in Moor-lane?

A. Yes—he said he went to Old-street to see if he could find the thief—I asked what place in Old-street, or what number—he said he could not tell me the number—I asked if he knocked at any house, or made any inquiry about the thief—he said no, he would let that be till the morning—I asked what time he was in Old-street—he said about half-past ten.

Cross-examined. Q. How long has he been in the police? A. Ten or eleven months, but with me about five months—he conducted himself with me with great propriety.

Q. Is it the custom with you to act on information from parties in these matters? A. Yes—I do not know Reynolds—I have heard of the name of Reynolds, alias James, alias Nichols, and have heard that the police have acted on his information—I have no doubt they have done so—I have heard he is a notoriously bad character—I never acted on his information, and do not know him, I should act differently if I did—the prisoner told a person in my presence, about six o'clock in the morning, that Nichols was the man who gave him the information on which he acted—I have been endeavouring to find Nichols both by night and by day—he is keeping out of the way—I have received a letter from him—I do not know where he lived—I do not know whether he was constantly in communication with the police—I sent to his lodgings at three the same morning, and found he had gone off.

Q. Supposing information to have been given by Reynolds, would it be the prisoner's duty to go to the house of the party charged with receiving stolen goods? A. Yes—it is not uncommon for policemen to go out of their usual hours, if they have any information.

COURT. Q. He distinctly told you he did not know the man's name, and knew nothing about it when you first charged him? A. Yes—he was under my inspection—he belonged to Tower-street station—Silver. street is in Moor-lane division.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. The proper course for him to pursue when he received the information would have been to come to you, would it not? A. Yes, and I should have gone or sent somebody—if I had gone I should have been a witness instead of him—the common police get 1s. 6d. a day here for expenses—I do not know of any other instance of a policeman taking on himself to go to a place instead of informing the inspector—the prisoner's lodgings were searched about half-past two o'clock in the morning, and nothing to excite suspicion found.





FREDERICK RUSSELL
. I am a City-policeman. The prisoner was given into my charge—I was in his company going from the Commissioner's-office to the station-house, on the 25th, and had a conversation with him about this robbery—he said he was foolish that he did not speak the truth in the first place—he said he permitted the other man to take away the cloak, but the time-piece he knew nothing about—he said he went to the house—he meant he was foolish in denying going to the house the second time when he permitted the other man to take away the cloak.





WILLIAM LEWIS
. lam the prosecutrix's son. On the night of the 24th of March the prisoner did not bring me the keys—I left my mother's that night at seven o'clock, and went to my dwelling and remained there all night—he did not communicate anything to me about my mother.

MR. BALLANTINE
to
CHARLES WALLER. Q. Has the prisoner given you

all the information he could about Nichols? A. He has given me no information—his wife has been to me two or three times—I ordered her if she could find the man to let me know—I believe her object was to get him apprehended.





WILLIAM KILBY
. I have served the office of churchwarden of St. Olave, Silver-street, Silver-street is in that parish.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
