




1108. 




JAMES GISSING
 and 




JAMES LAIDLER
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Timothy Richardson and another, on the 
24th of February, at 
St. Olave, Southwark, and stealing therein, 38 sacks, value 5l.; 2 knives, value 4s.; their goods: and 2 jackets, value 4s.; and 1 knife, value 1s.; the goods of 




David Cooper.

MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.






DAVID COOPER
. I am warehouseman to Timothy Richardson and Son. I have examined the sacks produced by a policeman—they belong to them, and were in the warehouse on the evening of the 24th of February, at seven o'clock—when I shut up, I saw them safe—I secured the ware-house myself at that time—on the same evening, about nine o'clock, in consequence of information I received, I went to the warehouse, and met Laidler, about twenty or thirty yards from the warehouse, with a bundle of sacks upon his back—I stopped him, and asked where he was going with them—he said somebody had engaged him to carry them—I asked him to return to the warehouse—I took him back, and kept them till I got a policeman—I examined the warehouse, which is by the side of

the burial-ground, in the parish of St. Olave, Southwark, and found an upright bar forced away from the window looking into the burial-ground, which would enable a person to get in at the window—I missed thirtyeight sacks—I found sixteen on the prisoner Laidler—he was a stranger to us—the warehouse had been entered in the month of September before and on that occasion we found a knife left behind, which we used afterwards to cut up the cat's victuals, and on the 24th of February, when we missed the sacks, we missed that knife—I lost two jackets and a clasp-knife of my own, which I have not seen since—this is the knife which was left at the warehouse in September—(produced)—these sacks are ours—here is a chalk mark of mine on them, and "G" in a diamond—they are all marked as our sacks are.





MARY PLANT
. I am the wife of a hop-porter, and live in the Borough. On Thursday night, the 24th of February, at nine o'clock, I was near Mr. Richardson's warehouse, and heard the bar of the warehouse door drop inside, and at that time I saw the prisoner Gissing standing at the door, which was half open—I have known him five years—the door was shut very gently afterwards, and Gissing walked away towards the burial-ground—the door must have been closed by somebody inside—I gave information, and in about two minutes after, I went round to look for my little girl, and saw Gissing, I asked him if he had seen a girl pass with a white bonnet—he said, "No, ma'am"—I am positive he is the man.





JOHN JAMES
 BURR. I am a turner, and live in St. Mary's-court, Borough—Plant is a neighbour of mine—she met me at nine o'clock at night, and told me something, in consequence of which I watched the door of Mr. Richardson's warehouse, and saw the prisoner Laidler come out with a bundle of sacks upon his back—he passed by me—I saw two more come out of the warehouse almost at the same time, immediately after him, Laidler passed me, and went in a direction down Maze-pond—the two others crossed the road to a court opposite the gates of the prosecutor's warehouse—they went down the court, and I lost sight of them—I did not see them with any thing—I kept my eye on Laidler till Cooper stopped him.





SAMUEL MANLEY
. I am a boot and shoemaker, and live at Mazepond. Borough. About nine o'clock this night, I saw Gissing and Laidler opposite Mr. Richardson's warehouse, talking together—I knew Gissing Wore—I am sure Laidler is the man he was talking to—soon after, I saw Laidler coming down Maze-pond—Cooper stopped him with the sacks—this was about five minutes after I had seen the prisoners talking together—Laidler got away—there was a cry of "Stop thief"—I ran after him, and took hold of him—he knocked me down, and beat me severely about the loins—I still held him, and while I was down, Gissing ran by.

Gissing. It was nine o'clock at night—he said he was shutting up the shop, and saw this man in custody, and saw me run by—how could he swear to me at that time of night? Witness. There was a gas-light exactly at the corner where we were.





THOMAS BOLTON
. I am a policeman. I took Laidler into custody, and found this knife in his pocket at the station.





THOMAS WATKING
. I am a policeman. I received sixteen sacks at Mr. Richardson's warehouse, on the night of the 24th—I took Gissing into custody on the following Saturday, in Tooley-street—he asked what I wanted him for—I said, "For breaking into Mr. Richardson's ware-house"

—he said he knew nothing about it, that he was at the play he, had never been there at all.

MRS. PLANT
re-examined. The door of the warehouse does not look into the burial-ground, but into Maze-pond—the window is twenty or twenty-five feet from the street, in which direction there is an iron railing parting the burial-ground from the street—Gissing was standing at the door when I first saw him, and when I spoke to him, he was about twenty yards from the door—I did not see him come from within the house, nor from the burial-ground.

Gissing's Defence. I was coming from Dock-head, about half-past eight, or twenty minutes to nine o'clock, and it was about nine when I got to the Surrey Theatre, to meet some one there.

Laidler's Defence. I was standing in the Borough; a man came and asked whether I wanted a job; I said, "Yes;" he took me inside the warehouse and gave me the sacks.

GISSING—


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.

LAIDLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Ten Years.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

