





576. 




GEORGE FORD,


 HENRY SMITH
, and 




HENRY WILLIAMS
, were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 



James Edwards, and stealing therein 1 sack, value 1s.; and 8 carriage-springs, 7l.; his goods; and that Smith had been before convicted of felony.






ABRAHAM KERR
. I am journeyman to James Edwards, a coach-spring maker, in Dudley-court, Denmark-street, St. Giles. I locked up the workshop on the 19th of Jan., about eight o'clock, and took the key home with me—I returned at half-past nine, in consequence of information, and found the lock of the work-shop wrenched off, and the things inside all in confusion-some springs, which I had hung against the wall, were taken down and put into a new sack belonging to my master, ready to be taken away—they are worth 7l.;

Cross-examined by
MR. HOWARTH. Q. Where does your master reside? A. At Humpstead—nobody lives at the shop—it is a smith's workshop—nothing is sold there—the springs are ordered and sent home when made—when I returned I found Wynch and a lot of people round the door—I think it would make a good deal of noise to put the things in the shop in confusion—the door opens out into the court—the sack was about two feet from the door—there was no light in the shop—the policeman was outside with his light.





WILLIAM WYNCH
 (police-constable F 62.) I was on duty in Denmark-street, a little after nine on the 19th of Jan., and on going into Dudley-court, I heard a talking in the prosecutor's workshop—I looked at the door, and found the bar down, and the padlock on the ground—I went for assistance, and Restieaux and Baker came—we then went into the shop, found the three prisoners inside, and took them in charge.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you been round your beat before? A. Yes, about five minutes before—it was all right then—I could not hear what was said when I heard the talking—I heard no other noise—I went with the prisoners to the station, leaving two other policemen in charge of the place, who are not here—I found the sack about half an hour after, when I came back—it was about a foot from the door—I did not see it when I first went—I had no light, but one was turned on—the sack was standing up against the wall.

Smith. I have witnesses to prove I was not there that night; he is false-swearing. Witness. He was one of the three; he escaped that night, and was taken again next day in Marlborough-street.





WILLIAM BAKER
 (police-constable D 108.) I went to Wynch's assistance at the shop—I noticed that the locks were forced—I found the three prisoners inside, first Ford, and then Smith—he was behind the forge—I collared Ford, and asked what he did there—he said, "Nothing, don't hurt me, Baker, you know me, I will go with you quietly; it is a lag for me"—I then collared Smith, took him out, and gave him to Restieaux—on the way to the station, Ford went quietly to the corner of Great St. Andrew-street—there was then a rush of the mob, and Smith was rescued—I was knocked down in the road with Ford—I held him—he tore part of his coat-sleeve almost off in endeavouring to get away, but I succeeded in keeping him—Restieaux came and assisted me in taking him along after Smith had escaped.

Cross-examined. Q. You have apprehended a good many prisoners? A. Yes—I have been in this Court a good many times—v did not return to the

shop—when I entered it I turned my light on, but did not examine the-premises—I left 135 E in charge of the door—he is not here—I knew Ford before, when he lived at a public-house, in Regent-street, two years ago—Williams was on my left hand when I went into the shop.

Smith. These officers are constantly here to transport poor men innocently; he and Restieaux have had three or four cases this session; they do it for their expenses; I know nothing of the springs. Witness. I have had three cases this session—two have been transported, and the other had six months—I proved two former convictions against one prisoner—we only get paid in one case—I feel a pleasure in transporting such characters, for the benefit of the public.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
 (police-constable E 49.) In consequence of information, I went with Baker to the prosecutor's shop, and found the three prisoners inside—Ford and Smith went behind the forge, and Baker fetched them out—Ford said, "I will go quietly with you, Mr. Baker, it is a lag "—I tied Ford and Smith together with a handkerchief—on our way to the station, at the corner of King-street and Great St. Andrew-street, a crowd rushed on us—they divided me from Smith—they wrenched the handkerchief asunder, and Smith was rescued from me—he assaulted me violently—I pursued, but lost him—I returned, and found Baker and Ford on the ground—we then conveyed them to the station—I went back to the shop and found these headsprings packed up in this sack—I had not noticed the sack before, as I was anxious to secure the men—I left a policeman at the door, and directed him not to let anybody in till I returned—when I returned I found the prosecutor's servant standing just inside the door.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the sack? A. Close by the door, inside, against a small bench—I had been gone to the station very nearly three quarters of an hour—I have been concerned in a great many cases—I looked behind the forge when I first went in to see if I could find the jemmy which the door had been opened with.

Smith. He transported his own son from here not long ago. Witness., I never had a relation accused of felony—this has often been said by prisoners here—there was a lad tried here three different times, whose mother married a cousin of mine, and this boy out of bravado gave the name of Restieaux.

Smith. He told my sister he would be sure to transport me. Witness. I never said so—his sister and all the family are here.

A. KERR
re-examined. I did not notice the sack immediately on going in—I went in very nearly as Restieaux came out—I went right past him—a policeman was at the door—the prisoners had been taken to the station.

Smith's Defence. I had nothing to do with it; when I was taken I was coming from the park; I went into a public-house to have something to drink, and they came in and took me.
----M'Carthy, John Smith, carver and gilder, deposed to Ford's good character; Thomas Ridout to that of Williams; and Thomas Rowley and John Brown, to that of Smith.





JOHN WOODHOUSE
 (police-sergeant N 15.) I produce a certificate of Smith's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at his trial by the name of James Walters, and know him to be the person—(read.)

FORD. Aged 21.

WILLIAMS. Aged 20.




GUILTY

of larency—


Transported for Seven Years.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

