



1816. 




JOHN FROST



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



David Williams Wire, about five in the night of 
23d Aug., at 
St. Paul, Deptford, with intent to steal and stealing therein 1 time-piece, 1 coat, 3 spoons, 1 caddy-spoon, and part of a cruet-stand, value 17l., 10s.; his property; and 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; the goods of 



John Piper. 


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.




ELIZABETH WALTON
. I am cook in the service of Mr. David Williams Wire, who lives at Stone-house in the Lewisham-road—he and his family left town on Thursday, 23d Aug.—I secured the house that night, and went to bed at the usual time—I saw that the plate and other articles were safe when I went to bed—I came down next morning about six o'clock—I then discovered that some person had been in the house, and missed a good deal of my master's property.





WILLIAM WELTON
 (police-sergeant, R 40). On Friday morning, 24th Aug., about six o'clock, I was on duty near Lewisham, and saw the prisoner with a bundle—I stopped him, and asked where he was going to—he said, "To Greenwich"—I asked where he came from—he said, "Greenwich"—I said, "What have you got in your bundle?"—he said, "That is my business"—I said, "I must look"—he said, "Oh, certainly you shall"—he put the bundle down and began to untie it, and as he was stooping I saw part of the plate sticking out of one of his pockets behind—I took him to the station, searched him, and found in bis pocket this plate (producing it)—in the bundle I found a time-piece, a black frock coat, two towels, and a variety of other things—in consequence of what I heard, I soon after went to Mr. Wire's house, and there found an upper window unfastened and open—there is a spout outside, which would enable a person to climb up to that window—he had then tied a stair-carpet to the banisters and let himself down a well-staircase; that would give him access to all the bottom part of the house—I could see on the water-spout the marks of the nails of shoes which were made in the person's climbing up, and the spout, which was a zinc one, was pushed out of its place—the house is in the parish of St. Paul, Deptford.





ELIZABETH WALTON

re-examined. The plate, time-piece, coat, and other things produced are my master's—this shawl and handkerchief belong to the man servant—I saw these articles safe in the house the night before, when I went to bed—the upper window was closed when I went to bed.

Prisoner's Defence. I never was in the house, and never plundered it; the property was given to me to carry.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

