



8. 




GEORGE FARRELL
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of November, 1 bag, value 1s.; 33 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns, 1 crown, 53 half-crowns, 130 shillings, 60 sixpences, and 1 5l. note; the property of 



John Jarratt.—2nd COUNT. calling it the property of 


William Gaston.






CHARLES BROOKS
. I am book-keeper at the Lewes Arms public-house, Dover-road. On the 10th of November I counted out 38l. in gold, 15l. in silver, and a 5l. Bank of England note belonging to Mr. Jarratt—I put it on the desk, and saw Gaston, the driver of the van, put it into a bag which was tied round with a string—he was to carry it to Mr. Jarratt, at Uckfield—it was in his care.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you give it to him? A. I saw him take it from the desk—I do not know the prisoner.





WILLIAM GASTON
. I am in the service of John Jarratt, of Uckfield. On the 10th of November I saw Brooks count some money on the desk—I also counted it—there was 58l., 15l. in silver, one 5l. note, and all the rest in gold—it was put into a bag which I wrapped up in a round frock, and put into the fore part of the van—I saw the prisoner in Blackman-street, Borough, and he came with me to the Elephant and Castle, walking alongside of me behind the van—I knew him before

—he gave me a parcel in Blackman-street, to put into the van—I had not then put the round frock containing the bag in, and I gave it to him to hold while I placed his parcel in the van—he had it about a minute or a minute and half—I then put that in—no one but he, the guard, and I were near it—the guard is not here, he did not see me put it in as he was alongside the horses—when I got to Croydon I misted the bag—I suspected the prisoner had taken it, came back directly, and gave information to inspector Waller immediately—I went with him to the prisoner's lodging, and found the bag and money in his pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you remain outside while the officer went in? A. I did, but he called me inside afterwards—I am sure the bag was in the smock-frock when I received it back from the prisoner—I parted with him at the Elephant and Castle—he is my brother-in-law—we had not been drinking together at the Lion public-house—we had two pints of beer at the Black Boy, in Blackman-street, about nine or ten o'clock in the morning—he was not the least the worse for liquor, that I saw—I did not drink with him at several places going along—We had something at the Elephant and Castle—that was after I had put the smock-frock into the van—I had it safe after he parted with me—the last place I saw it safe was by the Plough and Harrow, at the bottom of Brixton-hill—I did not see the prisoner, after he bid me good night—the parcel was on the off-side of the wagon, and I walked on the near-side—he might have got it out without my seeing him.





CHARLES WALTER
. I am a City police-inspector. The prosecutor complained to me of his loss, and 1 accompanied him to Chapel-court, Finsbury-square, where the prisoner lodged, about eleven or twelve o'clock—I opened the street-door, and knocked at the side parlour door, which was opened by the. prisoner's wife—I asked if George was at home—she said, "Yes"—I walked in—he was sitting by the fire-side—I asked if his name was George—he said, "Yes"—I asked if he was down on the Croydon-road that evening—he said, "No"—I asked if he was along with his brother-in-law as far as the Elephant and Castle—he said, "Yes"—I said, "He charges you with robbing him of a bag of money"—he said, "He is a foolish man, I know nothing about it"—I then called Gaston in, and asked if he was the man—he said, "Yes"—I asked him to stand up, and I saw the end of the bag hanging out of his waistcoat pocket—I took it out—Gaston said, "That is my bag"—in his waistcoat pocket I found this 5l. Bank of England note, and 1s. 2d.—Gaston said, "How could you be so cruel to rob me after the friend 1 have been to you?"—he said, "If I had not robbed you some one else would, in the careless way you put it."





JOHN SMITH
. I am a policeman. I accompanied Waller—what he has stated is correct.





CHARLES BROOK
. re-examined. I cannot swear to the bag, but I believe it to be the same—the 5l. note I swear to—it has my initials on it—the exact sum is in the bag within half a crown.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
