



1837. 




MARY ANN STAPLES



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Louisa Winson, at 
Battersea, and stealing 1 shawl and 1 handkerchief, value 2s. Sd.; I half-crown, 4 shillings, and 1 sixpence; her property: having been before convicted.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






LOUISA WINSON
. I am a widow, of 4, Industry-row, in the parish of Battersea. Last Sunday week I got up about five o'clock in the morning, and went out—my four children, and Mary Bowden, a lodger, were in the house—I fastened the outer door after me—it fastened with a spring lock—I opened the window, and hung the key up inside—I left the outer shutters unfastened—the window was shut—I went to call for a person I was going to Paddington station with; and as I passed my house, about five o'clock, I met the prisoner going towards it—it was daylight—I returned about nine o'clock, and missed half-a-crown and a sixpence from a box—I had seen it safe there at four o'clock that morning, when I took one shilling out—I also missed handkerchief and shawl, which were safe when I left—these are them (produced)—I knew the prisoner from a child—she had been to the house many times.





MARY BOWDEN
. I lodge with Mrs. Winson. I came down about half-past six, and found the street door half open, and also the window shutter—the window was not open—the key of the street door lay on the table, which is in the centre of the room.





SUSAN WINSON
. I am the daughter of Louisa Winson. Last Monday week, about a quarter to five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner in High-street, Battersea, with this shawl on (produced)—it is my mother's—I wear it.





JOHN WALLIS
 (policeman, V 293). On Monday, 10th Sept., I received information, and went to the prisoner's father's house, in Ebenezer-yard, Battersea—I found her there, and told her what I wanted with her—she said she would come with me—I saw this shawl in a chair—she said it belonged to Mrs. Winson—next morning I went to the house, and found this handkerchief by the same chair.





GEORGE MARGUARD
 (policeman, V 21.) I produce a certificate—(read—Mary Ann Staples convicted Oct. 1848, of stealing articles from the same prosecutrix confined three months)—I was present—she is the person. 


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

