



414. 




JAMES SMART
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house, of 



Thomas Smith, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, about three in the night of the 
15th of Dec, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 blind, value 2s., his goods.






JOSEPH FEARNE
 (police-constable N 244.) On Friday morning, the 16th of Dec., I was on duty in Critchell-place, East-road, Shoreditch—there is a fence there against Thomas Smith's premises—about a quarter to three o'clock in the morning, as I passed, I heard a scraping within the fence, as if somebody was getting over—I got on the fence—in about five minutes I saw the prisoner and another at Mr. Smith's window, which is about four or five feet from the ground, and then heard something like glass crack—I got assistance, and placed somebody in front of the house—I went to the back, and found the prisoner and the other making their escape from Mr. Smith's yard—there is a shed there—I sprung my rattle, and followed the prisoner—he got over several fences—I secured him, and took him to the station—the other got off—I returned to Mr. Smith's, and found a great piece of glass cut out of the window, enough to poll the catch back, which was done, and the blind forced off with a crow-bar, it was taken out, and put on a little hen-house—it was moved out of the house—I found the blind, the crow-bar, two pieces of candle, and some lucifer-matches were lying near the blind outside—the hand or arm of somebody must have been introduced within the window to unfasten it—the window was pushed up, the blind taken out, and the shutters sprung about three inches—I noticed marks on the blind, which I compared with the crow-bar—it fits them exactly—I found nothing on the prisoner—he gave his name as Smart.





EDWARD NEWTON
 (police-constable N 260.) I heard the rattle sprung, and went into Smith's yard—the back gate was then open—I found the blind, crow-bar, two pieces of candle, and lucifers on the fowl-house—directly under the window.





THOMAS SMILTH
. I am landlord of the King of Prussia, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. The back part of my premises are near Critchell-place—my yard is fenced around eight feet high—a person could get over and unfasten the gate—the gate was bolted over-night inside—I had fastened the back parlour-window over night, with a catch—the square of glass was sound, the blinds closed, and the shutters, which are inside, fastened—I saw the window safe about twelve—about three o'clock in the morning I was alarmed when the rattle sprung, and found the parlour window broken, and shoved up—the blind was wrenched off, and laid outside—they could get from the parlour to the bar—I know nothing of the prisoner—I occupy the whole house.

Prisoner's Defence. I met a young man in Old Street-road, who asked where I was going; he took me down Smith's yard; he said he was going to lie down in the skittle-ground; he went away from me; I did not know what he was going to do, nor what he was about; I heard him make a noise, and heard him run; I ran too; he ran with me; he went over the shed; I made my way out; I was led into it by him; I was never in trouble before.






THOMAS SMITH

re-examined. They could not get to the skittle-ground without climbing over the railings, which are spiked all round.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

