




2364. 




BENJAMIN THOMAS PHILLIPS
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
29th of August, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, in the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Mills, 1 watch, value 10l.; 2 neck-chains, value 3l.; 3 necklaces, value 1l. 16s.; 7 pairs of ear-rings, value 3l.; 4 brooches, value 1l.; 10 rings, value 5l.; 3 snaps, value 1l.; 7 shawls, value 2l.; 10 handkerchiefs, value 14s.; 5 scarfs, value 3l.; 2 pairs of stays, value 1s.; 10 yards of lace, value 1l.; 5 pairs of stockings, value 5s.; 1 inkstand, value 10l.; 2 ink-glasses and tops, value 1l.; 1 eye-glass, value 10s.; 1 cross, value 3s.; 1 miniature, value 1s.; 1 spoon, value 2s.; 2 forks, value 2s.; 3 gowns, value 12s.; 3 bed-gowns, value 5s.; 2 boxes, value 3s.; 1 breast-pin, value 3l.; 1 veil, value 15s.; 3 yards of fringe, value 2s.; 1 trunk, value 10s.; 2 music-books, value 5s.; 1 table-cloth, value 3s.; and 2 salt-holders, value 9s.; the goods of 



Francisco de Pina de Melo: and





JANE ROBERTS



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to be stolen; against the Statute, &c.



MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






MARGARETTA DE PINA DE MELO
. I am the wife of Francisco de Pina de Melo. I have lived at Portsmouth, but not for some years—I boarded at Mr. Mills's, No. 67, Hatton-garden, for a month—I afterwards went to live in Hatfield-street, Blackfriars-road—I was going to the house of Dr. Rigby, in Spring-gardens, on a Saturday, I think it was the 29th of August—I was standing at the end of Stamford-street—my niece stopped me, on account of a horse, from crossing, but a person came to me and forcibly led me across the way—I have lost my sight—he then kept my arm, and said he was going my way and would direct me—I had not told him I was going to Dr. Rigby's—I asked who and what he was, whether he was a policeman, I wished to know who was assisting me—he said he had lost one eye, that he had been blind, and felt so much afflicted at seeing a person in the same situation, that he had offered to assist me—my niece is only thirteen years old, and was afraid to say any thing—I asked him how he got his living—he said he worked at the Bolt-in-Tun inn, at the Portsmouth coach—I said, "Oh, we are going down by that coach"—he said he was the Portsmouth coachman—I said I had a trunk at Hatton-garden—he said he should drive the coach, and should think it no trouble to take my luggage, whatever it was—I said it was very little, that it was at my landlady's, in Hatfield-street—he inquired the nature of it—I asked if he was a porter, and if he had a ticket—he said, at his house they did not wear tickets—I said my trunk was at the house in Hatton-garden—he asked if I would allow him to fetch the luggage from Hatton-garden, as it would be more convenient to have it together, and convey it to Hatfield-street, but I declined allowing him—I had said that my niece was very small, and I wished them to take her at half price—he said he could arrange that, for, if he was not the proprietor, he was connected with the coach—he went as far as Dr. Rigby's with roe, and said, if I would allow him, he would see us back again, but my niece said he was dirtily dressed, on my asking her, and I asked Dr. Rigby's servant to send him away when he came to fetch us—when I got to Hatfield-street I told ray landlady what had occurred, and not to let him see me—he came there, and she sent him away—he came a second time, wishing to see me—I heard him tell the land-lady he wished to see me, as he had brought a receipt for the payment of the fare—it was the same voice—I did not exactly hear what he said, I paid very little attention to what he said—he pressed for the whole fare—I said I had a friend opposite the Bolt-in-Tun, and he would arrange about the fare—he asked me repeatedly on the road before, to give him the money, and at the house he said he could not book the place without the fare—I knew by his voice he was the same person who spoke to me in the morning—he asked the landlady to sign some paper to say he had been, and asked how to spell my name, as he should look foolish in booking the places without knowing that—she gave him a pen and ink, but we told him we did not wish him to book the places, and he went away—he asked the landlady to write something, and she did write something, I understand, and she read it afterwards—it stated that we did not know what day we should go, but it might be Sunday—I have only been a short time from abroad.
---- DE MELO. I am thirteen years old. I was with my aunt in Stamford-street on Saturday, the 29th of August—the prisoner, Phillips, offered to assist her over the way—I am sure he is the man—he walked

with us to Dr. Rigby's, and had conversation with her—he said he had been blind himself, and belonged to the Bolt-in-Tun—he said he belonged to the Portsmouth coach, and my aunt said she was going down to Portsmouth—when we went in to Dr. Rigby's we left him, and after we returned to Hatfield-street, in the afternoon, he came to the house—Mrs. Rudge was there.





PHOEBE RUDGE
. I live in Hatfield-street. Mrs. de Melo lodged at my house—the prisoner Phillips came there on Saturday, the 29th of August—I saw him between twelve and one o'clock the first time—Mrs. de Melo had been out and was come home—he asked me if there was a blind lady lodging at my house, I said, "Yes"—he asked if she was come home, I said, "No," by the lady's wish, as she wished me to hear what he had to say—he said he had been to Dr. Rigby's with her, and had been round to his employer at the Bolt-in-Tun, to endeavour to get the little girl's fare at half-price—he produced a paper—I wished him to leave it—he said he must not leave it, for there was a receipt to it, and said, "Is the lady at home?"—I said, "No"—he said, did I think he should meet her if he tried to meet her—I said I could not say—he said, "Well, the best thing I can do, will be to go and get a pint of beer and smoke my pipe, and call again"—he left the house—he returned at half-past three o'clock, and said, "Is the lady come home?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Can I speak to her?"—I said, "I do not know; is that note for the lady?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Then give me the note, the lady cannot read it herself, I must read it for her"—he gave it to me, I read it—I do not exactly know what was in it, but it stated at the bottom, "Pay my man 12s. 6d., in part fare"—I read it to the lady, and returned it to him—he said, "Can I speak to the lady?"—I said, "Yes, you can speak to her, she is here at dinner"—I brought him to her—he said he had properly arranged that the little girl should go for half-price, that he belonged to the Bolt-in-Tun, and that was what they generally did for each other—he then pressed for 12s. 6d.—I said, "Really, ma'am, I should not pay it; you don't know the man, he does not look respectable; I would not trust him with 2d.;" and she did not pay him—I told him I knew that note was not written by a book-keeper, it was not like a gentleman's handwriting—he said, "I know that, it was my old governor that wrote it"—I said, "Who is your old governor?"—he said, "Why Henry Gray, don't you see his name?"—he said, "Well, I must not go back; if you don't pay me, you must deliver up the paper;" and I gave it him back—he wished a note should be sent to the proprietor, saying that the lady would not go—I asked the lady, and I wrote to say it was quite uncertain what day she would go, and he went away—he had some conversation with the lady—he said, "If you will not trust me with the money, I will pay it myself, for I will take great care she shall go"—he wanted pen or pencil, that she might ask for him when she came to the Bolt-in-Tun—he said, by asking for him he should get 2s. of the passage, and 1s. from the proprietor—I do not know whether the prosecutrix's name was written at all—I cannot say her name was not put at the bottom of the note—he wrote nothing in my presence—I was not in the room all the time, but the prosecutrix's name was mentioned to him—I generally called her De Pina.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was she ever called De Melo? A. Certainly.





ELIZABETH WEBB MILLS
. I live at No. 67, Hatton-garden, Mrs.

de Melo had been staying at our house—on Saturday afternoon, the 29th of August, about half-past four o'clock, the prisoner Phillips came to our house, the servant saw him first—I took him up stairs into the room Mrs. de Melo had occupied, to bring her box down, as my sister said, in his presence, "This man has come for Mrs. de Pina's box; she is going to Portsmouth, either to-night or the following Monday; you know which one it is, will you give it to him?"—I showed him the box, which was a white hair trunk—this is it—(produced)—he asked for a small piece more cord, and corded it up—he said the box might break in the street, and he said, "It is not like you and I that can see, but she can't see, and she does not know what might become of her things"—he said he had got her carpet-bag and a little hamper at the booking-office—he said the hamper would hold about a dozen bottles of wine—he said Mrs. de Pina had been to his master's that morning, to ask if he could get a confidential person to carry her box, and he was picked out, as having been there fifteen years, and it was time he should be trusted—he said he was to take the things to the booking-office of the Bolt-in-Tun—he took the box away—I went to the bottom of Hatton-garden with him, as I was going to Mrs. de Melo—he told me my nearest way was to go up Farringdon-street, which was correct—he said she was in a hurry, and I was to bring her to the Bolt-in-Tun, as she did not like to trust the little girl—I went to be her guide there—he said he should take the box straight to the Bolt-in-Tun—he said she was going down by the mail, and would get there much sooner—I know the contents of the box, as I had helped her to pack them the day before.





MART HUSSEY
. I am servant to Mrs. Mills. On Saturday afternoon, the 29th of September, the male prisoner came to the House, and asked me if Mr. Mills was at borne—I said he was not, but Mrs. Mills was, and asked if I could deliver any message to her—he said yes, he had come from over the water, from Mrs. Pina, and be spelt the name to me, Pina—he said he came for her trunk, and that Mrs. Pina had desired him to ask if Mrs. Mills would be so kind as to let one of her children go with him to go with her to the coach-office, as she was going to Portsmouth—he asked me if Mrs. Pina was not there yesterday, packing up her things, and I said, "Yes"—I saw him go up stairs for the box—he did not show me any paper.





WILLIAM NORTH
. I am inspector of the police at Gravesend. On Tuesday morning, the 1st of September, I saw the two prisoners—I had received information, and seeing the male prisoner come out of the King's Head public-house, Gravesend, about eight o'clock in the morning, I told him I had received information of a gentleman losing his watch, and must take him into custody—I had heard of this robbery also—I sent him to the station-house by Taylor, the policeman—I then went to the King's Head, and waited there till the female prisoner came down stairs—I told her I had received information that a gentleman had lost his watch, and suspected she knew something about it—she said she knew nothing about it—I said nothing about this charge to her—I searched her, and found only 1d. in her pocket—I asked where her bundles were—she said she had left them with the person of the house—two bundles were brought to her—I said, "Are these your bundles?"—she said, "Yes"—I took possession of them—I opened them, and found these things, which have since been claimed as the prosecutrix's—I said, "You have had some very good things in your time'—she said, "Yes, I have"—I said, "How did you come by such things?"

she said she had bought them at different times—that was in reference to the jewellery—I took up the dial of a watch, and said, "Did you ever see the watch belonging to this?"—she said, "No, I never did, that belonged to my grandmother, and has been gone many years"—I took up some mourning ear-drops and rings—she said, "They are what I had for my poor mother when she died;" here is more than one suit of mourning jewellery—I said, "Here is a mourning ring, what is there on it?"—she said she had forgotten—there is an inscription on it, "Elizabeth Taylor"—I took her in charge, and ordered her to be locked up—I then called the male prisoner into the station-house, and asked him his name, and where he came from—he said he came from Westminster—I forget the name he gave—it was not his right name—I said, "What are you?"—he said he worked at a wine-merchant's—I asked his master's name—he did not choose to say—I said, "Where does he live?"—he said, "I might as well tell you his name as where he lives"—I said, "Where is the woman that was with you yesterday?"—he said he had left her in bed at the King's Head—I said, "Is she your wife?"—he said, "Yes, I have been married to her these four years"—I heard his brother and father say, in his presence, that they were not married, and the female prisoner said she was not married, the female prisoner said that evening that there were handbills out about the trunk that was lost in London, that while she was in at a pawnbroker's to pledge a scarf, she saw the policeman come in with a handbill, and she saw it was about a trunk—that she went back to the male prisoner, and told him of it, and they directly left and went to Green-wich, and then on board a Gravesend steam-packet to Gravesend—I went to the west end to see if I could get a hand-bill, which I did, and gave information at No. 67, Hatton-garden, and on returning home the female wished to say something to me—she said, "It is no use, I may as well tell the truth"—I said, "I don't wish to hear any thing"—she said, "I had rather tell you"—I said, "I will give you pen and paper, and you can write what you like"—I went to her in about an hour—she said she had written a line or two, but was so agitated she could not write more, but would tell me the pawnbrokers' where the property was—she named several at Greenwich, Pimlico, Tothill-street, and various places—I went to the pawnbrokers', and found the property, as she said—she said the trunk was brought home by Phillips on the Saturday night, and was in his room, at No. 20, Ann-street, Westminster—I went there, and found this trunk in the room, under the bed—these papers were in it—she mentioned pawning three gowns at Jones's, near the Queen's palace, Pimlico; and at Denman's, a coral necklace and scarf; and about four doors from there, a silver ink-stand, two forks, and a table-spoon—she said they had destroyed all the duplicates, and could not give a better account of the pawnbrokers—opposite Astley's theatre, she said, was a cloak, a shawl, and two large night-gowns, for 8s.; and near the College, at Greenwich, two silver salt-stands, for 5s.—I found, on inquiry according to those directions, the things she had mentioned, except that Denman's was Debenham's—I had made her no promise or threat in the least—here are the few lines she wrote.

Cross-examined. Q. You could not make any thing out of this paper, I suppose? A. No—I do not recollect how the conversation about the handbills began—I was about to state this to the Magistrate, but it was not followed up—I did not refuse to hear the conversation—the King's Head public-house is in King-street, on the Dover-road—I asked her no

question about the handbill—I do not believe I asked her any thing about it—I had not heard of the handbill before—I think it was her own statement—I cautioned her as to what she did say—it took place in the gaol—I believe nobody was present.

Prisoner. Q. Was the information correct concerning the robbery of the gentleman's watch? A. A watch was taken by the female prisoner to Gravesend—I found nothing on either of you relating to that.





EDWARD TAYLOR
. I am a police-sergeant. I took charge of Phillips after North had apprehended him—I found in his hat a white handkerchief, a habit shirt, and black veil—he said they were his wife's, and he did not know any thing about them.





FREDERICK ANDERSON
. I am a jeweller, and live in High-street, Gravesend. I saw the female prisoner at my shop on Monday evening, the 31st of August—she produced this watch, and left it to be repaired—it is a gold repeater, and has a gold chain—she said she should want it on the Saturday, and wished it to have a hand exactly similar to the hour-hand—I was to set it to rights, and to be particularly careful with it, as it was left her by her grandmother—after taking her address, she said she had been staying at Gravesend longer than she expected, and they had run short of money, would I lend her 2l. on the watch till Saturday, which I did—the gave her address, "Mrs. Roberts, 20, High-street"—I gave information to the Inspector on finding, half-an-hour afterwards, that 20, High-street, was the Kent Hotel—the watch and chain is worth about 10l.—I dare say it cost fifty guineas when new, but so many are imported, they are of less value—the chain is worth about 4l.—I include that in the 10l.—the watch would not fetch above five guineas—it is out of fashion, and a jeweler would not give more than 5l. for it—these diamonds in it are worth about 6d. each—perhaps it has been made twenty or thirty years—it is a repeater, but the value of a thing is what it will fetch—there are above a hundred diamonds.





HENRY AMBROSE
. I am waiter at the King's Head public-house, Gravesend. The prisoners came there between seven and eight o'clock on Monday night, the 31st of August, in company, and slept together—I saw them soon after very tipsy.





SAMUEL SMITH
. I am shopman to Mr. Debenham, a pawnbroker, in Queen's-row, Pimlico. I have a scarf and coral neaklace pawned by the female prisoner on Monday, the 31st of August, about ten o'clock in the morning—I asked whose they were—she said they were her own.





ROBERT GARY
. I am in the service of Mr. Priest, a pawnbroker, at Pimlico. I have a silver ink-stand, a dessert spoon, a dessert fork, and table fork, pawned by the female prisoner, on Saturday evening, the 29th of August—she had not pawned any thing with us before—there is a crest on the plate—I questioned her, and she said it was her property, that it was her crest, and she lived in Eaton-square—it is only part of an inkstand—the glasses are not there.

Cross-examined. Q. Are not the houses in Eaton-square very large? A. Yes, she was dressed like a lady—I have not been long in business—my employer was in the shop—he has been many years in business.





THOMAS MARSON
. I am in the service of Mr. Delaney, a pawnbroker, in Church-street, Greenwich. I produce two silver frames, which may have belonged to an ink-stand, but I took them in as a pair of salts, which they very much resemble—they were pawned by the female prisoner on the 31st of August, for 5s.






WILLIAM BRYMER PYOTT
. I am shopman to Mr. Richards, a pawnbroker, in Westminster-road. I produce two bed-gowns and a shawl, pawned by a female, I do not know who by, on the 29th of August.





PRYCE JONES BULLOCK
. I am shopman to Mr. Jones, of Tothill-street. I have a table-cloth and bed-gown pawned on the 29th of August, by a man—I do not know him.





JOHN COTTON GRINDLEY
. I am foreman to Messrs. Page and Kennedy, pawnbrokers, in Eaton-street. I produce three gowns pawned by a man, on the 29th of August, in the name of Ann Matthews.





THOMAS PARKER
. I live at No. 18, St. Ann's-street, Westminster. The prisoners lodged in a room at a house belonging to me, at No. 20, St. Ann's-street—they took the room on the 13th of August.





MARGARET PARKER
. I am the wife of the last witness. The two prisoners lodged at a house of ours, No. 20, St. Ann's-street. Last Thursday week North came to my house, and I saw him take possession of a white hair trunk—he took it from the back-room, which the prisoners used to live in—it was occupied by them exclusively.

Phillips. Had I entire possession of the room up to the time the officer took the box? Witness. Yes, nobody else had the key to my knowledge.

E. W. MILLS
re-examined. I saw the things packed up in the box, and know all these articles—they belong to the prosecutrix—I know the silver ink-stand, and all the articles—I am certain of them.

Phillips's Defence. There is another party who ought to be here instead of me—he broke the box open and took the things out.
(Elizabeth Kirby, wife of a coachman; and Katherine Alder, wife of a stay-maker, No. 240, High Holborn, deposed to the prisoner Roberts's good character.)

PHILLIPS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

ROBERTS—



GUILTY. Aged 24. of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.—(Roberts was recommended to mercy.)





Transported for Seven Years.
