




2422. 




JAMES EEDLE
 was again indicted

 for breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Thomas Crawford and others, on the 
13th of July, at 


St. Marylebone, and stealing therein 2 boxes, value 5s.; 1615 yards of linen cloth, value 203l.; 552 yards of diaper, value 15l.; 201 yards of lawn. value 27l.; 4 yards of canvass, value 10s.; the goods of the said Thomas Crawford and others: and 1 pencil-case, value 7s.; the goods of 



James Shuter Black.—2nd COUNT, calling it the warehouse of James Shuter Black.






PHCEBE BRADLEY
. I am the wife of John Bradley, a butcher, who lives at No. 11, Grafton-street, Soho. The prisoner lived in the same house, in the back attic, at the time of this robbery—I remember his coming into the house at seven o'clock in the morning, on the 14th of July—I was going out to sweep the stairs, and met him coming up stairs with several rolls of linen on his arm—when I got down to the passage, which is on the ground-floor, I saw two boxes in the passage, and two men with them—I went out, and fetched my husband, and told him I thought there was a case of bankruptcy, or robbery, coming into the house—my husband came, and spoke to the two men who were in the passage—the prisoner was at that time up stairs—one of the men fetched him down, and the prisoner told my husband that it was his property, and it was all right—my husband wanted a policeman, but we could not find one—the prisoner and the other two men then emptied the boxes, which contained Irish linens—the linens were put into the prisoner's room—the prisoner and one of the other men then went away with the empty boxes, and my husband followed, and gave them in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you know either of the other men? A. No—I observed the contents of those boxes sufficiently to know that it was Irish linen—the papers were broken at the end, and I saw them as they were carrying them up.





JOHN BRADLEY
. I am the witness's husband—I am a butcher—I recollect my wife calling me that morning, while I was in the slaughter-house adjoining my premises—I came into the passage where this property was standing—I saw two men there, and the prisoner was fetched down—I had seen a cart at half-past six o'clock that morning draw up to the door, and saw a man undo the tail-board of the cart, and drag out a large wrapper, which appeared to have something very weighty in it, and also a small wrapper, and there were then two boxes left in the cart—after the prisoner had been brought down, I questioned him as to what property that was—he said, "It is all right; it is mine"—I said, "Take it out of the way, I rather doubt about its being all right," and I told my wife to get a policeman—she could not get one—I then went out myself, and was gone nearly half-an-hour, but I could not get one—when I came back one of the other men was gone—the prisoner and the other ran who remained then went off with the two empty boxes—I followed till I got across the Seven Dials—I then saw a policeman—the prisoner and the other man then went to a house, and put down the boxes—the other man got away, but the prisoner was taken—we questioned him about the goods—he said two men had come to him the night before, and asked him if he would take in some goods, and he said yes.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure the words the prisoner used were "It is all right, it is my property." He said, "It is all right, they

are mine."—I told him if it was right to take them away, but I was rather doubtful about its being right—I did not then know that he lodged there, ELIZABETH BOND. I am the wife of Joseph Bond—we live in Great St. Andrew-street, Seven-dials—I have known the prisoner these twelve years—I lodged in his house when he lived in Porter-street, Newport-market—I saw him on the 14th of July, a little before eight o'clock in the morning—I had not finished dressing myself—I just opened my door a little way, and saw him—he put a box in, and momentarily put another box on the top of it, and asked to leave them a little while—he had a very heavy perspiration on him, and seemed to be trembling—I said they could not be there—the policeman then took him, and asked where the property was that had been in the boxes—he said it was in his room.





JOSEPH HOYLE
 (police-constable F 95.) On the morning of the 14th of July Bradley spoke to me—I followed the prisoner and another man, who were carrying the boxes to Bond's house, in St. Andrew's-street—the other man ran off—I took the prisoner, and asked him where the property was that had been in the boxes—he said in his room—I took him back to his room, and found there sixty-one pieces of Irish linen and twenty pieces of diaper—he said two men had brought them to him—he said he knew one of the men, which was the man who had carried one of the boxes with him—that he had asked him the night before if he might bring some property there—he told him he might, and the two men had brought it in the morning—I then asked him How he came to move the boxes—he said the other man, Coppen, had told him he must remove the two boxes and the wrapper, as it was not safe to leave them there—I then took the goods and the boxes to the station—I found, in the prisoner's lodging, a large skeleton' key, a screw-driver, and some tobacco and cheroots—I have compared pared this screw-driver with the marks on the desk, which had been broken open in the warehouse of Mr. Crawford, and it corresponds.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you find these things? A. The key was amongst some old glass, in a basket in the prisoner's room, and the other things were on' his seat—he is a shoemaker.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-constable F 119.) I went with Hoyle to search the prisoner's house—I found thirty pieces of lawn in a piece of wrapper in the bed-clothes, and a small skeleton-key in a box with some leather.





HENRY BLUNDELL
. I am porter to Crawford's and Lindsey, Irish linen-factors, in Lawrence-lane, Mr. Black has the management of it; he does not live there, but he superintends the warehouse—I went there on the morning of the 14th of July, I found the place broken open—I had left the goods there all safe the night before, at five minutes before seven o'clock, and locked up the place safely—in the morning I missed two boxes full of property, and a quantity of goods which were loose.





JAMES SHUTER BLACK
. I superintend the warehouses of Messrs.
Thomas Crawford and two others—they live in Ireland—I manage their, English business, at No. 3, Lawrence-lane—I came to the warehouse at a quarter-past nine o'clock in the morning, on the 14th of July, I found the place open, and a great many policemen about the door—I went in, and saw Blundell—I commenced taking stock, and missed the property stated in the indictment—I found both the desks had been broken open forcibly—I missed a silver pencil-case, and a few coppers—the net value of the property I missed was 228l. 7s. 2d.—I afterwards saw the policeman

examine the marks on the desks with this screw-driver, and in two or three instances they matched exactly—here are exactly the quantity of goods that were wanted, and they all correspond with the numbers on the invoice which I have.
(John Ferguson, a boot-closer, of Earl's-court; Alfred Davis, a tailor; William Shuter, a tailor; William Early, a town-traveller; and John Ferdinand, a publican; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Fifth Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.
