




991. 




GEORGE POWELL
 and 




DANIEL MUNDAY
 were indicted for

breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ann Rochester, on the 
28th of February, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 2l.; 2 watch-keys, value 2s.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; and 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l., the goods of 



Thomas Rochester: and 1 coat, value 1l. 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 4s.; 1 table-cloth, value 5s.; 1 sheet, value 1s.; 1 shirt-front, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 5 stockings, value 1s.; 1 half-crown, and 3 shillings; the property of the said 



Ann Rochester.






ANN ROCHESTER
. I am a widow, and live in Salamanca-street, Vanx-hall-walk, in the parish of Lambeth. I rent the house—on Sunday evening, the 28th of February, I went to church, about half-past six o'clock, leaving the house quite safe—the windows were all fastened, I am confident, and the doors all shut and fast—I left them all on the lock and bolted—the back-door was bolted, and the street-door on the spring lock—I was fetched from church about eight o'clock, and found every thing turned out; I found my son at home—I had left him in the house when I went out—the articles stated in the indictment were gone—my son's watch was hanging up when I went out—the coat and waistcoat belonged to ray husband—the table-cloth and stockings, to me—I found a drawer turned out, there were two coats and other clothes brought down stairs and laid in the passage—I found the parlour "window open—I had left it fastened, and put the shutters to, but did not fasten, them—I can swear to all the articles found, the waistcoat, stockings, and table-cloth.





THOMAS ROCHESTER
. I live with my mother—she went out that evening at half-past six o'clock, leaving me in the house—I left the house quite safe at twenty minutes to seven—I locked the door, and put the keys in my pocket—I did not touch the parlour window—I returned at ten minutes to eight, and saw a light up stairs—I went and tried to open the door, but it was bolted inside—I heard somebody run down stairs—I ran down the back way, called out "Thieves," and saw two boys come out at the back door—I never lost sight of Munday, who was one of them—a man named Timpson took him in my presence—I am confident of him—Powell was the other person, I am certain—I saw him run towards the back door of the next house—they both jumped over the fence— Powell went to the next door, and was found in the shed—he was brought back in a few minutes—I am certain he was the man who came out of the door.

Powell. Q. What do you swear to me by? A. You jumped over

the paling when you were taken—there was a gas-lamp at the bottom of the garden.

Munday. Q. Did not you say there were three people jumped over the paling? A. I was not confident whether there were three or two.





ROBERT TIMPSON
. I am a carter, and live next door but one to Mrs. Rochester—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," ran out, and caught Munday—I brought him back—Rochester directly he saw him, took him—I went to search the house—I did not see the other.





SARAH PARSONS
. I live next door to the prosecutrix, in Salamanca-street—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," about eight o'clock that evening—I ran to the front door, and heard them say, "They are in Parson's garden"—I ran through the passage to the garden—Munday was brought up to my back door, and the policeman came and took him—after the mob had dispersed, I went into the garden to look for my candlestick, and as I was going to the shed with a light, I saw Powell screwed up in a corner—he knocked my light out—I screamed, he put his fingers into my month, and I bit them—he drew his hand out—I held him tight by the collar, until a policeman came—this shirt-front laid by his side in the shed.

Powell. I was not in the shed until she shoved me in there—I called out, "My dear woman, 1 am no thief"—she came accompanied by a young man—she seized me, and tried to strangle me, and said, "I will stick you if you don't stop;" and the man also seized me round the waist. Witness. It is false.





WILLIAM HARWOOD
. I was with Mrs. Parsons. I did not shove Powell into the shed—Mrs. Parsons had got him in her hand, when I came up—she was trying to hold him.





JOSEPH HOLLIS
. I went to search this "house after the prisoners were taken, and found this watch in a sink just out at the back door adjoining the garden.





JOHN MACK
. I am a policeman. I received charge of Munday—I found on him two handkerchiefs, a large knife, a piece of bent wire, and a halfpenny—the wire and knife would, I dare say, enable a man to open the prosecutrix's window—I tried it myself—I could put it between the sashes, but could not pull back the catch—I did not understand the nature of it.

Munday. The handkerchiefs were my own. Witness. I returned them to him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Powell's Defence. About half-past seven o'clock I left home, accompanied by a female, to take a walk, and saw a great crowd, crying, "Stop thief! murder! thieves!" I left the female, and went through the mob, to the lady's house; I went into the yard, and staid there some time; some men were making their way over the pales; one of them made a violent blow at me with a stick or poker, which stunned me; on coming to, the mob was dispersed; I made towards the house I had come through, when the lady came out, accompanied by a young man, and seized me; I have a female to prove I was in her company at a quarter or half-past seven o'clock.

Munday's Defence. I was passing along the street, and heard the cry of "Stop thief;" I ran towards the crowd, and saw about two dozen people running from one yard to another, crying, "Thieves!" got over, and was taken into custody, as one of the thieves.





WILLIAM HARWOOD

re-examined. I found the bundle of things, all

loose, under a table in the shed, where Powell was found—nobody had been there but him.

POWELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

MUNDAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

