






671. 




HENRY HARCOURT,



 PATRICK FLANNIGAN,



 WILLIAM THOMAS
, and 



JOHN GARDNER
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




William Pope, about one o'clock in the night of the 
31st of December, at 
St. Marylebone, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 pair of spectacles, value 1s., the goods of 



Charlotte Dunn: 2 pairs of boots, value 2l.; 1 pair of shoes, value 1s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 18s.; one hat, value 7s.; 2 shirts, value 8s.; 6 pairs of stockings, value 6s.; 2 razors, value 6s.; 1 razor-case, value 6s.; 3 table-cloths, value 9s.; the goods of the said 



William Pope.



MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM POPE
. I live at No. 81, Edgeware-road, in the parish of St. Marylebone, and am an ironmonger. I live in the house, and no part of it is occupied by any other person—the property that was stolen was mine—the prisoner Thomas had been an apprentice of mine, but had left me about two years—I do not know that I ever saw the others—on the night of the 31st of December my house was perfectly secure—the doors and windows were closed—we all went to bed at one time—my mother-in-law always pays attention to the doors and windows—we retired to bed about a quarter before eleven o'clock—about six the next morning, I found the kitchen was very much ransacked, the drawers taken out of the table and dresser, and different sorts of linen strewed about the floor—I then examined the back kitchen window, and found two upright iron bars had been forced out, with a part of the window-frame—such an opening had been made as a person could get in at—I tried that by my appentice—I missed two pairs of boots out of a cupboard, and a pair of shoes, and my mother-in-law gave me a statement of some other things that were lost—I had seen my boots and shoes a day or two before—I lost six silk handkerchiefs, and a case of razors—the spectacles and shoe-brushes were missed the following day—I had a canary bird and a cage—the bird was taken—the bird and boots and shoes are found—the other things were gone—I cannot tell how the things went, or when—I only know that the clock in the kitchen was stopped at five minutes to one—the weights had not gone down—I thought it might have been stopped by putting the cage on a chair near the pendulum, where we found it standing.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Thomas had not left you for any act of dishonesty? A. No—his family then lived in Market-street.





CHARLOTTE DUNN
. I am a widow, and am the prosecutor's mother-in-law. On the night of the 31st of December, I fastened up the house—it was all safely bolted and locked—the next morning I was down about two minutes after six—the church clock struck six before I left my room—I came down, found the bars were wrenched out of the window of the back kitchen, and the things were all about, as has been described—I called Mr. Pope, and then I looked to see what was missing—I missed six silk handkerchiefs, two pairs of boots, a pair of shoes, a hat, five or six pairs of stockings, a pair of spectacles of my own, and the other things stated, and the bird.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you had the bird some time? A. Yes, two years—I fed it every day—canary birds are a good deal alike, but this (looking at it) is the one we lost—it had only one feather in its tail, and when they took it out of the cage, they dropped that feather—it has feathers in its tail now, but they have grown Since.

COURT. Q. Did the bird know you? A. Yes, I am quite sure of it, from my knowledge of it, and his knowledge of me.





JOSEPH BELL
. I live in William-street, St. Marylebone, and am a shoemaker. On the 1st of January, I was at my door hanging my goods out for sale—I saw the prisoner Thomas coming along on the left-hand side with a pair of boots on his arm—I said, "Are these for sale?"—he said, "Yes"—the prisoner Flannigan came in an opposite direction with a pair of boots under his arm, and said he had got them for sale—they both came and spoke to me at the same time—I asked Thomas what he

wanted for the two pairs, Flaronigan and his own—he said 15s.—I asked them if that was the lowest, and Thomas agreed to take 9s. for them—they came into the shop, Thomas then took a pair of shoes from his pocket, and said he had a pair of shoes likewise for sale—I said, "That alters the case, what do you want for the whole?"—be said 15s.—I said, "That makes 6s. for the shoes"—he said, yes, he had made a mistake, I should have them for 12s.—I said, "Is that the lowest?"—he said I should have them for 10s.—I said, "Are they your property?"—he said, no, his brother's, who was a master builder, that he had given them him for sale, and he wanted to make up some money—I said, "What is your name?"—he said, Thomas, and he lived at No. 24, Harrow-street, Lissongrove—I said, "Very well, I will go to a friend, and ask his advice about them"—I went, but my friend was not up—I then came back, and the prisoners were gone—I had taken one boot of each pair with me—the prisoners had left the two odd boots, and the shoes at my shop—I then went outside, and saw a policeman, and told him to give information—the police took the boots and shoes from my place a week afterwards—these produced are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What time was this? A. Half-past eight o'clock in the morning—I ask people if they have things for sale at any time—I keep a boot and shoe shop, and deal in new and second-hand articles—I never stated that I was not sure of Thomas—I have never conversed with a policeman about him—I did not see the prisoners again till they were at the office, which was a week afterwards—they were dressed differently then to what they were at my shop.

Flannigan. Q. Did you see me near your premises that day? A. Yes, about half-past eight o'clock with the boots under your arm.





HENRY MORRIS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Bell. I saw Thomas at his shop that morning, and another person whom I could not swear to, as he stood behind the counter—the account Mr. Bell has given is true as far as, I know.





FRANCIS MEADE
. I am a shoemaker. I bought this canary-bird on new year's night, at the Hope public-house, in Steven-street, Lissongrove—the officers came and took the bird away a week afterwards—I cannot say who the persons were I bought it of—it was very near the time of shutting up the public-house—I had been a little merry that night.





THOMAS FITZPATRICK
. I keep the Hope public-house. On the night of the new year's day, the four prisoners came there about a quarter before twelve o'clock at night—Meade was there that night—they had a bird and one of them offered it me for sale—they had the bird handing about from one to the other, and then they sent and fetched a cage to put it in—Meade bought it for a half-a-pint of gin—I do not know what became of it—I served the gin.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Who was it sent for the cage? A. I cannot say—I had perhaps twenty-five people there to serve—the four prisoners came in together—I could not say which had the bird—I could not swear that more than two of them bad it in their hands.

COURT. Q. You have said the bird passed from one to another—do you mean that each of the four had it? A. I cannot swear that it went to all the four of them, but it passed from one to another—I did not hear

what they were talking about—they offered the bird to me for sale for 1s.—I said I would have nothing to do with it—they then offered it to Meade, who was a little the worse for liquor—the four prisoners were together, and more than one of them talked about the bird—I had seen them at my house before—the four prisoners partook of the gin, and Meade also.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What is the name of the prisoner nearest to you? A. I am not obliged to know their names, but I know their persons as coming to my house—I swear the four prisoners partook of the gin—I cannot say which of them took it first—they drank it out of a "three-out glass"—I gave them the glass, and they filled it—I cannot say which poured it out—I set the glass on the bar-counter, and they were standing in front of the counter—I was serving my other customers—I saw the prisoners drinking the gin—I saw the glass handed from one to the other, the same as the canary was—I told them the canary was not well got, and I would have nothing to do with it.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is it your business to stay in your bar or to go to another room? A. I was in the bar, and they were in front of it—by a "three-out glass," I mean a glass which three times filled will empty a quartern-measure, and six times a half-pint—it is a practice to give a glass to persons who buy gin, to serve themselves—the man who paid for the gin had some likewise.





THOMAS HARRISON
 (police-sergeant D 14.) On the 1st of January I saw the boots and shoes at Mr. Bell's shop—he gave me a description of the person he had them of—on the 8th of January I saw the four prisoners coming along Steven-street, Lisson-grove—they went into a beer-shop—I and two others went in and took them—I said to Thomas, "You were apprenticed to Mr. Pope"—he said, "I don't know Mr. Pope."





GEORGE THORNTON
 (police-constable D 109.) I assisted in taking the prisoners—I had Thomas in custody, and as we were going to the station, he asked me what it was for—I said he would see by-and-by—he said, "I don't care, you have not got me right this time."





HUGH BYRN LEVETT
 (police-sergeant D 13.) I produce the boots and shoes, and the bird, which I got at No. 14, Steven-street, in the house occupied by Meade.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you show the bird to Mrs. Dunn? A. Yes, within an hour—the feathers in the tail were much shorter than they are now—the bird has been in my custody ever since.





JAMES EGERTON
. I am servant to the prosecutor. I saw his boots and shoes safe in his house at night, on the 31st of December.





DANIEL HARRIS
. I am a cheesemonger, and live next door to Mr. Pope. On the 31st of December I saw Flannigan, and to the best of my knowledge, Harcourt, but they were not dressed as they now are—they were lurking about my house—it was between six and nine o'clock—I cannot state the time exactly—I observed them looking in at the prosecutor's window, and at Mr. Lewis's, which is next to Mr. Pope's—they saw me, and went round the New-road—there was a third person with them, who was smaller than either of the prisoners—they then came to my shop and bought a saveloy.

JURY. Q. Can you swear to Harcourt? A. When I saw him at the police-office it was between dark and light—I was not certain of him, but now I see him in the light, and am quite positive it was him.


Harcourt. He said he thought it was me, outside the door; he could not swear to me.

Flannigan. I was not out at all at the time the boots and shoes were told.

Thomas. At the time we came out of the Court, when we were remanded, the shoemaker said, "I cannot swear to the men."

THOMAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

HARCOURT—



GUILTY. Aged 19. See the next case.

FLANNIGAN—



GUILTY. Aged 19. See the next case.



GARDNER—


NOT GUILTY
.
