



604. 




JAMES MERRY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Sophia Gardiner, about two in the night of the 
10th of Jan., at 
St. Mary, Whitechapel, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 7 spoons, value 2l. 4s.; 1 yard of silk, 5s. 21 yards of ribbon, 6s.; 36 dozen of buttons, 2s.; 1 pair of sugar nippers, 1s.; 1 metal cock, 18d., and 1 needle book, 2s.; her property.






SOPHIA GARDINER
. I am single, and am a milliner—I keep the house No. 121, High-street, in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel. On Tuesday night, Jan. 10th, I went to bed about half-past twelve o'clock, my niece came up stairs and shut the staircase door—I told her we did not generally shut that door, but it did not signify—no one opened it again—I then went into my own room, shut the door, and went to bed—about two o'clock I heard a noise in the kitchen—I afterwards heard a noise against the door of my room, and afterwards beard a noise in my room—it seemed to me to be on the drawers very near to my bed-head—I sat up in bed to listen to the noise, and saw the figure of a boy or man by the side of my bed—as he was passing along I said, "Who is in ray room?"—I spoke twice, and then heard the person rush out of the room, and something sound as if it touched the edge of the door—I heard a creaking substance passing by very quickly—I afterwards heard a noise in the kitchen—I saw a light shine on my window-curtain during the time the person was in my room—it was not by that light I saw the figure—it was very moonlight, and there were lights in the street—I could see the figure very well—in the morning I found my chamber door standing wide open—I called one of my young people to me, and I then went down stairs—it was somewhere about eight o'clock—I cannot tell exactly—it was before eight—I went down into the work room, and found a cash box there broken open, that had been on my drawers when I went to bed—when I heard the noise in the night I dared not get up, I was so frightened—I had nobody near me except one person who was in rather a delicate state of health—I generally place both my cash boxes on my drawers before going to bed, but this night I put the other containing gold and silver under the bed, and that remained undisturbed—the cash box that was on the drawers was broken open, and about 1s. 9d. in copper taken from it—I had seen it last when I went to bed, on my drawers—I had locked the coppers up myself just before going to bed—I generally keep one cash box for silver and

gold, and one for halfpence—I also found five tea-spoons and two tablespoons gone out of a cupboard, which was not locked—I had seen one of them just before I went to bed—I afterwards found missing from the shop some ribbon, buttons, and needles, some sugar nippers from the kitchen, and I have since missed several articles which are not in the indictment—I have every reason to believe that the person got through the kitchen window, as it was found unfastened in the morning—it was fastened overnight.

Prisoner. The servant said at Lambeth-street that she found these things, and now this lady says she found the cash box open. Witness. It was standing broken open when I went down—the servant went down first.





SUSAN WILLIAMS
. I am married—I was on a visit to Mrs. Gardiner, who is my aunt, I was up last, about a quarter of an hour after her—I saw every thing secure in the kitchen—the window was fastened with an inside shutter, and I believe with a bar—I did not put it up myself, but I saw that it was secure—I was the last to close the staircase door that leads to the kitchen, from the staircase to my aunt's bedroom—the kitchen is on the first floor—there is a staircase below the door, and another staircase above it—I slept in the adjoining room to my aunt, over the kitchen—I saw my aunt close her door, and then I closed my own—I heard a great noise during the night, but not being accustomed to that neighbourhood 1 did not think it anything particular, as there are perpetual noises in Whitechapel all night—I live in the country.





ANN KINTON
. I am the prosecutrix's servant. I fastened the kitchen window with a bar—I got up about eight o'clock in the morning—I found the kitchen window shutters a little apart, the bar taken out, and lying on the dresser—there was a pane broken a long while before—there was no fastening at all, and the window could be pushed up—it was a sash window—it was down when I went to bed, and in the morning it was open—anybody could have got in through the window by opening it—they could pull the shutters apart afterwards—there is a bar inside, but they could easily push the shutters a little apart, and pull the bar down—the window is big enough for a person to get through—the person must have put the shutters to again—I heard nothing in the night.





CORNELIUS FOAY
 (police-constable K 98.) About nine o'clock on the morning of the 11th of Jan., in consequence of information, I went to Miss Gardiner's, and examined the premises—I found the footmarks of a boy in the leaden gutter, just at the back of the window in the kitchen on the front-floor—the servant mentioned the prisoner as a person she knew—she suspected him—he formerly lived in the service—I made inquiries for him—I found that he had been into a cellar, No. 4, Castle-alley—I went there, and in the cellar I found the property, consisting of spoons, ribbon, a cloak, and other articles—the prisoner was not there—I went in search of him, and found him in the gallery of the Garrick theatre the same evening—I told him that I charged him with breaking into Miss Gardiner's house, and stealing some spoons and other articles—he said, "Very well"—I took him to the station—he did not live in the cellar—he had been there that morning.





ANN KINTON

re-examined. The prisoner lived with us six weeks or two months as errand-boy—he left in Nov.





ANN KELLY
. I live at No. 4, Castle-alley, Whitechapel, and am a tailoress by trade. About six o'clock in the morning of the 11th of Jan. I was in bed, and heard the street-door open—I heard some one come in, and then heard a footstep in the passage, at the head of my bed—I then heard the closet-door go in the cellar—I heard something jink in the cellar—I thought something was not right—I got up, and heard something jink again in the cellar—I opened the room door to see who was coming up out of the cellar—it

was not light—I had a candle—I heard something jink again in the cellar, and then something fall; it appeared to me as if it was small tin pistols; it made a tinkling noise—about ten minutes after that the prisoner came out of the cellar—I had never seen him before—I asked him what business he had down in the cellar—he said he hoped I would not be offended, as he had slept there all night—I asked him what time he came in—he said, "Eleven o'clock last night"—I asked him if he had any employment—he said no—I asked him what he did when he was employed—he said he went to sea when he could get a ship—he told me his name was Merry, and his mother and father had lived in Castle-street fifteen years—he then asked roe if he might sleep in the cellar every night till he got a place—(the cellar is a place easily got at, at the street-door is on the latch all night for the lodgers—I occupy one room in the bottom part)—I told him I could not tell, as my husband was not at home—I have a husband—he then asked if he should call at nine o'clock for an answer—I told him yes, he could come—I never saw any more of him till I saw him at Lambeth-street office—the policeman afterwards came to my house, and asked if I had a boy slept in the house—I told him yes—I had been in the cellar before the policeman came, but bad not looked for anything—I afterwards found these things in the cellar with the policeman—I remember the prisoner's face again—I am sure be is the same boy—I did not inquire whether his father and mother did live in Castle-street.

MISS GARDINER
re-examined. These things are mine—I have a fellow-spoon to this in my pocket—I have a particular spoon that I use every day—they are marked—this ribbon is mine.





ANN KINTON

re-examined. The prisoner was usually called James when be lived with us—I knew his name was Merry by going after him when he stayed late to his dinner—I went to his mother's—she lived in Castle-street, and passed as Mrs. Merry.

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent; I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years—Convict Ship.


First Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

