



2637. 




WILLIAM FORD
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Wilson, on the night of the 
4th of Sept., at 

St. Luke's, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 64 cheroots, value 10s.; and 7 farthings; his property.—Second COUNT, for stealing the said property in the dwelling-house, and afterwards burglariously breaking out of the same.






THOMAS WILSON
. I keep the Coach and Horses, in Mitchell-street, St. Luke; it is my dwelling-house—on Sunday night, the 3rd of Sept., I went to bed at five minutes past twelve o'clock—I left the house quite safe, I bolted and locked the doors—they were all fastened up, with the exception of my club-room window, on the first floor front—in the course of the morning, the police rang the bell; I went to the club-room and found the window as I had left it—in consequence of what the policeman told me, I went down stairs, and found a side inner door open, which had been locked and bolted the night before—there is an outer door, with a spring lock, which goes into the passage; that was shut—I found that they had screwed off the lock of the bar door—they had got into my bar over the counter, and got to the street door, which was open; and just outside I saw the sergeant, the policeman, and the prisoner—I examined the bar, and found the tills all Irawn open—from my bar-parlour I missed a quantity of cheroots, from the box, which was left—I am sure they were safe the night before—they were not worth above 10s.—I also missed seven farthings from the till—I found

five dozen and three cigars swimming on the water, in the kennel; and a gimlet that is used for tapping barrels—I also found my dog poisoned.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you the last person up? A. My wife and I went up together—I am certain there was no person left in the house when I went to bed—I am quite sure the bar door was fastened—I have a distinct recollection of it that night—I lost no property but the cigars.





WILLIAM MARINER
 (police-constable G 30.) I was on duty in Mitcbell-street, and I tried the door of the Coach and Horses, at a quarter to three o'clock; it was quite secure then—I went on my beat, and made a report to my sergeant—I came back about three o'clock, tried it again, and it was not fastened; I pushed it half open, and found it was pushed to again by some one inside—I saw no light—I put my foot between the door and door-post, forced heavily against the door, then turned my light on, and saw the prisoner standing before me—I laid hold of him, and asked him what he was doing there—he said, "What do you want?" several times—I kept him by the collar, sprung my rattle, and took him out into the street—the sergeant came immediately—I gave him information—he rang the bell, and Mr. Wilson came down—I saw the bar door inside; it was open, and the fastening was lying down by the side of it—the till and two drawers were out.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure that the prisoner was inside the house? A. Quite positive—I never saw him before—he was within a foot of the door—as soon as I got the door open, he stood close to it—I did not seize him outside the door for somebody else—I turned my light on him before I took him out of the house, and held him tight by the collar.





HENRY GREEN
 (police-sergeant.) About a quarter to three, on the morning of the 4th of Sept., I met Mariner in Mitchell-street—he gave me a report—about three o'clock I heard the springing of a rattle, went immediately to the spot, and saw him close to the prosecutor's door, holding the prisoner by the collar—the door was open—the prisoner said he was stopped on the pavement—Mariner told me positively that he took him inside—I rang the bell—Mr. Wilson came to the club-room window, and afterwards came down—I found the drawers all pulled open, and the bar door forced open—I searched the prisoner, found this knife with a screw-driver to it in his waistcoat pocket, seven farthings in his breeches pocket, and this key in his coat pocket—it did not fit any thing—this fastening was lying down by the bar door, and also some lucifer matches.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you see first? A. Mariner holding the prisoner's collar—I said, "Hold him tight"—he was just in the act of coming off the step of the door—I had never seen him before that I am aware of.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Cresswell.

