



2130. 




WILLIAM FISHER
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the warehouse of 



John Wright, at 
St. Martin's in the Fields, and stealing therein, 1 pipe, value 12s.; and 2 hogsheads of wine, 80l.; the goods of 



John Wright.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WRIGHT
. I am a wine-merchant, and live at Wright's Hotel, in the Strand. The prisoner was formerly my wine-cooper—he left my service last September, not of his own accord—I have a cellar in Hungerford-market—I had thirty-five pipes of wine there in Dec, but there were four pipes of port which had come in a day or two previously—they were placed close by the door—I saw them safe on the 18th of December, and missed one on the 23rd, which was placed close to the door—I had a person in my employ named Hubbard—I had the key of the vault in my possession—it was part of Hubbard's duty to go there—when I missed the pipe of wine, on the 23rd of Dec., the door was mutilated, as if with a crow-bar, or something of that kind—the door-posts and door were a good deal jagged—the lock was not taken off, but forced back—I first discovered it about twelve o'clock in the day—the value

of the pipe was 80 1/2.—the duty was all paid—I advertised for it—I have a crane there with which I raise my pipes of wine—it was my own wine.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When did you part with the prisoner? A. In September—the cellar is under the great hall of Hungerford-market—it is a floor between the market and the lower cellar—the floor of my cellar is on a level with the street—a friend went in, and saw the door in that state, and told me—I went with Hubbard—that is not in that part of the market where the trade is going on—it is in a private street, called Hungerford-street—there is a foot-pavement—there is a passage which leads to the cellar—the wine would have to be rolled from the cellar to the door of the cellar, and outside the door is the foot-pavement, but the crane is attached to the door—the wine would have to be raised by the crane, and put into the cart.

COURT. Q. Would a person have to roll the pipe? A. Yes, from the cellar to the street—it would require more than one person for the purpose of using the crane—it is easily rolled when put in motion—the crane is immediately over the cellar door—I should think it was from ten to twelve yards from the mouth of the cellar to where this wine was—my warehouse is in the parish of St. Martin in the Fields.





WILLIAM HUBBARD
. I live in Baldwin's-place, and was clerk to Mr. Wright in Dec. last. I had the care of the cellar in Hungerford-market-—there were four pipes of wine there belonging to him, one lying nearly across the door—I saw them safe between four and five o'clock in the afternoon of the 20th of Dec.—when I left that day I secured the door—I went next on the 23rd with Mr. Wright and Mr. Tattersall, and found the cellar-door broken open—the lock had not been injured—I met the prisoner at the latter end of May, or the beginning of June, at the Hope Inn, Blackwall-street—I had never seen him before—I asked him how he was, and then if he had heard about the pipe of wine being stolen from the cellar—he laughed, and said it had never done him any good—I did not make any observation on it—I did not think that he had stolen it.





HENRY HOLMES
. I am a corn-dealer, and live in Theobald's-road. I have known the prisoner as a wine-cooper—he applied to me one day in Dec. last to lend my horse and cart to move a pipe of wine—I am not certain that he told me where it was—it was in the afternoon, about three o'clock—it was light—a man named Goddin, who was in my service, then put the horse into the cart immediately, and it went away about half an hour afterwards—I can swear it went out before it was dark—I do not know what time it came home—he afterwards paid me half-a-crown.





ISAAC GODDIN
. I live in Crown-court In Dec. last I was carman to Mr. Holmes—I had seen the prisoner a day or two before I went with him and Mr. Holmes's cart—I think it was in the week before Christmas—I cannot tell the day—I went some time in the evening—I think it was after five o'clock—we went to Hungerford-street, to those vaults which have been since pointed out to me by Mr. Wright—I have worked there one day since—I went with the prisoner to Hungerford-market—he told me to wait a bit, and he went away—I do not know where—he was absent about a quarter of an hour—he then came and told me to back the cart against the crane at this vault—there was nothing under the crane then—the prisoner then left me again—I did not see where he went—I did not look after him—when he came back a cask came out of the door against the crane, and two men craned it up into the cart—I had not seen those men with the prisoner, and I do not know what he was doing when they craned up the wine into the cart—the prisoner told me to go with it to the Dog and Duck yard—neither of us got into the cart—we walked—he was sometimes before the cart, and sometimes

behind—when we got to the Dog and Duck yard in Prince's-street, Red Lion-square, I drove into the yard—(it is about 400 yards from Theobald's-road)—the wine was then taken out of the cart, and I put the tail-board up and went home—I got half a pint of beer, or a pennyworth of gin, I am not sure which.

COURT. Q. Is the Dog and Duck yard inclosed? A. No, it is an open yard—ever so many belong to it—I left the prisoner there—I do not knot whether he stopped with the wine.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not there somebody else to receive the wine there? A. Yes, there was a brewer's man, or some wine-porter—he had a brewer's jacket—he and the prisoner assisted in taking the wine out of the cart—I got into the cart and left it with the brewer's man—I cannot give the day nor the time accurately, nor swear whether it was before or after tea that I took this cart—I think it was just getting dusk—when I got to Hungerford-street, I drew up opposite to a bottle-merchant's, about twenty yards from the cellar at first.

COURT. Q. What time did you get to Prince's-street, Red Lion-square? A. I do not know—I took no notice of the time—it took me about a quarter of an hour to go from my master's to Hungerford-market—I waited a quarter of an hour while the prisoner went away—he was absent a second time for about ten minutes—it was about an hour from the time I went out till I came back.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

