



1317. 



GEORGE WRIGHT



, feloniously uttering a forged order for 10l., with intent to defraud 



Sir Samuel Scott, Bart., and others.


MR. CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN NORCOTT SCOTT
. Last Jan. I was in the employ of James Curtis, carver and gilder, of Dean-street, Soho. On 6th Jan., between six and seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner called and asked Mr. Curtis to cash a check, as it was too late to get it at the bank—he had not got change, and gave me the check to take to Mr. Smith, a tea-dealer, at the corner of Coventry-street—I gave it to some one there, who gave it to a clerk, Mr. Johnson,

who gave me the money—he had the check in his hand then—it was the same—I gave the change to Mr. Curtis, who gave it to the prisoner—it was 5l. in gold and a 5l.-note.

Prisoner, Q. Do you mean you saw me give it to Mr. Curtis? A. Yes





GEORGE JOHNSON
. I am assistant to Mr. Smith, a tea-dealer, of Coventry-street. On Saturday, 6th Jan., between seven and eight in the evening, Scott brought this check—I gave him change—it was paid into our banker's on Monday, and returned on the Wednesday, as the drawer was not known.

Prisoner, Q. Was not Mr. Curtis sued about it? A. Yes, when we found, after two or three months, that he would not pay the money—he has paid it.





JAMES THICK
. I am a clerk in Sir Samuel Scott's bank, Cavendish-square—it was Sir Claude Scott's until 1849—this check (produced) was given in a check-book to a customer named Wickham, five or six years ago—we know nothing of Charles Fox—(read—6th Jan., 1849, Sir Claude Scott and Co., pay Mr. Wright, or bearer, 10l., Charles Fox.)





CHARLES CLIFFORD
 (policeman, 183 L). I took the prisoner.





JAMES CURTIS

did not appear.


Prisoner's Defence. Scott has sworn falsely; Curtis gave him the cheek, but he never had it of me; he has absented himself, to fix the odium upon me; be knew nothing of me to have confidence in me to take a check; it emanated from him, and he bad the money.





JOHN NORCOTT SCOTT

re-examined. I saw Mr. Curtis hand the prisoner the money, and then ask him to lend him a crown—the prisoner lent him a 1l., and as he did not come back for it that evening, I went and inquired for Fox, who he said lived in Chester-place or terrace—there was a Mr. Fox living there, but not the right one.

Prisoner. Q. Is not your master a friend of Wickham's? A. No; but I know you to be—I am not in Curtis's employ now—he is absent through difficulties, nothing to do with this—I have not seen him for a fortnight, and have had no instructions from him.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.

