



1379. 




HENRY FRANKLIN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of June, 23 yards of velvet, value 18l., the goods of 



Horatio Wilson Scott and another, in their dwelling-house.






WILLIAM URIDGE
. I am in the employ of Horatio Wilson Scott and Mr. Wright, man's mercers, in Glasshouse-street, in the parish of St. James, Westminster. It is the dwelling-house of Mr. Scott—he lives in it, and no one else—on Friday, the 6th of June, about a quarter to eight o'clock in the morning, I took down the shutters and cleaned the shop out—I afterwards shut the door, and went to the back part of the shop—Judd came in in about a minute and a half, and told me something, in consequence of which I looked in the front part of the shop, and missed a brown paper parcel, containing three pieces of velvet, worth about 18l.—I had seen it safe in the shop after I shut the door.





GEORGE JUDD
. I am servant to Mr. Cox, of Glasshouse-street. On the morning of the 6th of June, about eight o'clock, I was standing in front of the shop which is next door to Mr. Scott's, and saw the prisoner come by Mr. Scott's and walk by our house—I was looking at him—he turned back, and went right into Mr. Scott's shop—the door was shut—he opened it—he had nothing with him when he went in—I saw him come out again in about a minute and a half, with a brown paper parcel in his hand, and go down Vine-street—I followed him—after he had got a little way he looked round, saw me looking, and ran away with the parcel in his hand—I lost sight of him—I gave information to Uridge.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. I had, several times—I do not think I have ever seen any one extremely like him about town.





THOMAS ARCHER
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Clark and Collins, of Glasshouse-street. On Friday morning, the 6th of June, I saw the prisoner, about a quarter before eight o'clock, in Glasshouse-street—I knew him before—I spoke to him, and said, "Good morning, Franklin; what makes you out so early?"—he did not say anything—he had nothing with him then—I saw him again, in about two or three minutes afterwards—he then had a brown paper parcel with him.


Cross-examined. Q. Do you know a young man extremely like him? A. Yes—I should know him from the prisoner—I have not seen him lately—I am sure it was the prisoner I saw that morning—he was in Glass-house-street when I saw him with the parcel—I took no particular notice of the parcel.

COURT. Q. Are you able to swear he is the man? A. Yes.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 (police-constable F 81.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 13th of June, in Oxford-street—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing about it.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know a person about town extremely like the prisoner? A. Yes—I do not know that he has been taken up three or four times instead of that person—I know the prisoner has been tried and acquitted at Clerkenwell—he was taken to the police-office on one occasion for that person—I have not seen the other party lately—I know he is the prisoner's brother—the likeness is very great, but there is a great deal of difference—I could tell one from the other decidedly—I should say, whoever had seen them once could distinguish one from the other—I gave evidence at the trial at Clerkenwell, when the brother was placed under the dock, and a man refused to prove the identity from the extreme likeness.




GUILTY* of larceny only.
 Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

