



787. 




WILLIAM ESWORTHY
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


MESSRS. CLARKSON and BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






EMMA NORMAN
. I am in the service of Mr. Dodsworth, office-keeper of the Colonial-office, Downing-street. Between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, on the 27th of December, I heard a ring at the bell—I answered it—the prisoner stood at the door of No. 14—I asked him to come to the door of No. 13, which I had opened—he had a box with a rush mat over it—he told me he had brought it from Mr. Stewart M'Kenzie for Lord Stanley, and there was 3l. 5s. 4s. to pay—he had a paper in his hand at the time—he read it as he came in—the direction was on it—he read the direction—the office-keeper was not at home—he asked for a pen, and said something about seventy-two bottles of wine, but I took no farther notice of it—he asked for a pen to write a receipt—I went down, and told my fellow-servant—the prisoner was in the hall—he said the box contained a chandelier—I told him to put it on the ground—he said it had better go on the chair—he put it on the chair—he said he had brought it from the Docks—I told my fellow-servant what had passed, and she went up stairs—I did not see the prisoner again till New Year's-day, when I saw him opposite the Custom-house, in Thames-street, when I went with the officer—I said I could identify him better with his hat off—he was taken into a room, and his hat taken off—I said I was sure he was the man—he went with me and the officer to the Colonial office, and there he was shown to Maling, the other servant—she looked through the glass door first, and said that was the man—the prisoner said he was at the Ship tap, in Water-lane, from five till half-past eleven o'clock—he said he could bring witnesses to Drove he was eating and drinking with them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you ever seen the man before? A. I thought I had, but I could not be positive of it—I was quite sure of him when I saw him without his hat—I did not say I thought he was the man because he had got a pilot-coat on—I said the pilot-coat helped me to know him—at Bow-street, the Magistrate said he might have worn a blue pilot-coat himself—I was not doubtful at the station whether he was the person, nor before the Magistrate—I swore positively on the first day, he was remanded till the Wednesday—the first day was Saturday, New Year's day—the man was not many minutes in the hall—he had on a pilot-coat—there was no one with him in the hall at the same time as I was—I am sure that the person who came with the box spoke about Stewart M'Kenzie—he read it off a slip of paper—my master kept the paper—I looked over it as the prisoner read it—I knew the paper again—the prisoner, after I said it was him, did not wish the policeman to go to the Ship tap—I did not take notice of what he said—I did not go with the prisoner from the Custom-house to Downing-street—I believe he volunteered

to go—(paper read)—"By Malta, The Right Hon. J. S. M'Kenzie, Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands, Palace, Corfu."





ELIZABETH MALING
. I am servant to Mr. Dodsworth. I remember Norman coming into the kitchen on the 27th of December, and making a communication about a man in the hall—I went up, and found the prisoner there—he was standing at the desk writing something—I spoke to him, and told him Mr. Dodsworth was out, I expected him in a few minutes—I remained with him in the hall for five or ten minutes till Mr. Dodsworth came in—during that time I had an opportunity of seeing his person—I am sure he is the man—when Mr. Dodsworth came in, I in the prisoner's hearing told Mr. Dodsworth what Norman told me—I told him there was a man in the hall who had brought a box from Mr. Stewart M'Kenzie, for Lord Stanley, and it came to 3l. 5s. 4d.—Mr. Dodsworth said he would go down and get the money—he went down, and came back, and said he had not got sufficient change, he would go and get some—he went out—during the whole of that time I and the prisoner were still in the hall—I left him and my master, and went down—before I went down, be wrote on a large piece of paper—he was writing on the back of this bill, "35 cases and 8 bales"—I said, "35 cases?"—he said, "Yes, and there are 72 bottles in each case"—he said they could sot be moved till Lord Stanley sent some one, because the Government seal was on them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not express some doubt about him when you saw him before the Magistrate? A. No, I swore to him—I was quite as sure before the Magistrate as I am now—I knew him when I saw him at Downing-street—I did not say I only thought it was him, nor express a doubt at the station—I had never seen him before that day—I did not notice his dress, I noticed his face—I was with him about a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes—Mr. Dodsworth kept the paper.





THOMAS DODSWORTH
. I am office-keeper at the Colonial-office, Downing-street. It is my duty to receive parcels which come—on the evening of Monday, the 27th of December, I saw a man in the hall when I returned—I cannot swear to the person, I believe it was the prisoner—Maling was there—she said, "There is 3l. 5s. 4d. to pay for a box coming for Lord Stanley from Stewart M'Kenzie"—she said it contained a chandelier—that was in the presence of the prisoner—I went down to get the money—I had not got enough—I went to a tradesman and got the remainder, three sovereigns, two half-crowns, and 4d. in coppers—when I paid the money to the prisoner I received this paper—before I paid him the money he handed me this slip of paper, and he also handed this bill to me with the writing on the tide of it—I did not see him write it—he said there were thirty-five cases that were clearing at the customs at Southampton, and they would be up that day, or the day after, for Lord Stanley—he did not say anything to me about eight bales—I took possession of the box, after giving him the money I delivered the box the next morning to Lord Stanley's footman—(read)—"Received of Lord Stanley 3l. 5s. 4d., Henry Lamb."

Cross-examined. Q. Let me know what he said to you about the box? A. A box for Lord Stanley from Mr. Stewart M'Kenzie, and I understood it came from the Custom-house—I am sure I gave him sovereigns—they were not all half-crowns, I am certain of that—I sent these papers to Lord Stanley—he returned them back—I did not mark them.





EDWARD BLEADON
. I am servant to Lord Stanley. I received a box

from Mr. Dodsworth—I took it to Lord Stanley's house in St. James's square—I took it into the dining-room.





GEORGE MILLS
. I am butler to Lord Edward Geoffrey Smith Stanley. On the evening of the 29th of December, I opened the box brought by Bleadon, it contained stones and straw—I kept it till it was delivered to the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been his lordship's butler? A. Ten years—I lived with him when he was Mr. Stanley, and know his names.





DANIEL MILLER
. I am a clerk in the Receiver-general's department at the Custom-house. This receipt (looking at it) is a printed form which is in use in the treasury department at the Custom-house—they are not used for small sums of money—the lowest sure for which they are used is 15l. WILLIAM COOK (police-constable A. 69.) In consequence of information, I accompanied Emma Norman to the Custom-house, in Thames-street, on the 1st of January—I saw the prisoner in the row on the pavement, and Norman saw him too—she said, "That is the man"—she said afterwards that she should rather see him with his hat off—I took him into the Custom-house, he was desired to take his hat off, and she said that was the man—he wanted to know what it was about—I said it was a parcel delivered to Lord Stanley on the 27th of December, and a demand of 3l. 5s. 4d. was made on it—I had the papers in my hand, and showed them to him—he said he knew nothing about them—I said the parcel had been brought to No. 13, Downing-street, for Lord Stanley—he said he was not the man, he was at the Ship public-house tap, in Water-lane, playing at cards, from five o'clock till twelve, and he could bring the landlord and other persons to prove that be was there, and he had not been to the Colonial-office—I took him to the Colonial-office, and there the other servant said he was the man—the prisoner denied it—he denied having been there, or knowing where the Colonial-office was—he said he had never been there in his life, and did not know where it was—at Bow-street, he told the Magistrate he could bring the landlord and other witnesses to prove he was at the Ship from five till twelve—the Magistrate gave him from then till Wednesday to bring witnesses—he called for a number of witnesses, but no one appeared, and he was committed—when I took him I found three of these commercial steam-packet bills at his house, the same as the one he left at the Colonial-office, with "L S" on it.

Cross-examined. Q. These are common papers to state the time the vessels sail, and are given to the public? A. I believe they are—the Ship tap is near the Custom-house—the prisoner said, "Go with me to the Ship, and the landlord will tell you the same that I told you"—I did not go—I asked him to go with me to Downing-street—I told him to consider himself not in custody—he said he would go, but he wanted to know who would pay him—I said there was not a doubt but the gentleman would pay him—if he had not gone I should have taken him into custody—I took him to Downing-street, and Mr. Dodsworth could not swear to him, but said he believed he was the man—he then wanted to go to the Ship, but I did not take him—the inspector asked where he lived, and he said in the front-parlour at No. 6, Rose-court—the inspector wrote it down on a paper, and gave it me—I went and found the prisoner's wife and family there—I found these papers in a chest of drawers, not locked—I believe there were bills of other steam companies there.





THOMAS PORTER
. I am coachman to Lady Hope, who lives in Park-street, Westminster. I know her ladyship is very intimately acquainted

with Mrs. Stewart M'Kenzie—on the 27th of December, about twenty minutes past seven o'clock, the prisoner came to Lady Hope's with a box—I do not know whether it was packed up in matting or not—he said he brought it from the Adelaide Hotel, London-bridge—he said it contained a handsome chandelier for the Honourable Mrs. Stewart, a friend of Lady Hope—I said it could not be there, but that her ladyship took parcels for the Honourable Mrs. Stewart M'Kenzie—the prisoner then said, "That is the name"—Lady Hope was at home—the prisoner went just inside the dining-room door, and spoke to her—he said the chandelier was made at Over—a gentleman who was dining there said, "Is it in the City?"—the prisoner said, No"—the gentleman then said, "Is it Havre?"—he said, "Yes"—Lady Hope said he might leave the box, and she would write to Lady Stewart M'Kenzie, and if it was right he might have the 3l. 5s. 4d. for the carriage—he said he could not leave the box—he was going, when the gentleman said, "If you go to Lord Stanley's, the Colonial-office, you will there find the proper address of the Honourable Stewart M'Kenzie"—Lady Hope then called him back, and said, "Stop, I can give you the address of the Honourable Mrs. M'Kenzie myself," and her ladyship wrote the direction which has been produced—I saw her write it and give it to him—I have not the least doubt that he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not before the Magistrate? A. I was not—I had never seen the prisoner before that night—be was there five or six minutes—there is no light in the front-hall—there are two lamps in the dining-room, and the prisoner was just inside the door—there were Lady Hope and another lady and two gentlemen there at dinner—the prisoner was dressed nearly the same as he is now; he had a pilot-coat on, buttoned, but not all the way up.





WILLIAM RIVETT
 I keep the Ship tap, in Water-lane. I was at borne on boxing-day, the 27th of December—I have no recollection of seeing the prisoner there that night from five till twelve o'clock—I knew him before, and if he had been there so long a time that night playing at cards and drinking, I should have known it.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear he was not there between seven and nine o'clock? A. I will not—I remember a 6d. being given to my potboy, but I do not know what night it was—I will not swear it was not that night—I will not swear the prisoner was not there at ail that night—I recollect he gave the boy a Christmas-box—he put it in the box—I do not know what day it was—I will not swear it was not that day.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was this man in your house? A. I do not recollect—I did not state he was not there.





JOSEPH BURKS
. I am in the habit of frequenting the Ship tap in Water-lane—I was there on the 27th of December, from half-past four till twelve o'clock—I know the prisoner perfectly well—he was not there during those hours.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to swear he was not there at all that evening? A. He was not—I was there the whole evening—I had my dinner there about four o'clock, and staid there doing nothing till near twelve—I am an interpreter—I was sitting there with friends—there were several passed in and out—I was at the tap—a person named Thompson was there, and Lockwood, Cook, and James Page.

Q. Will you swear that Lockwood did not come in and have a glass of ale that the prisoner paid for? A. I will not swear that, nor that James Page did not have two half-pints of beer that the prisoner paid for, nor that

Thompson did not have ale that the prisoner paid for—I have frequently seen the prisoner at that house, and on several nights before and after that night.

Q. How can you swear he was not there that particular night? A. I am certain of it, because on that particular day there came a Frenchman to me at the Custom-house, who had lost a case in a cab—I recollect the whole day by that—the Frenchman came to me about three o'clock in the afternoon—I was not hunting about with him in the evening—I do not remember the prisoner giving a 6d. to the pot-boy as a Christmas-box that night—I swear it did not take place—I was not drinking all that time—I did not drink gin and water with the prisoner—I drank with several persons, but not with him—I was subpoenaed here by Mr. Humphreys—they found me at the Custom-house—I had not seen the policeman before Mr. Humphreys subpoenaed me—I cannot say whether the prisoner was at the Ship on the following night or not.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is it your habit to wait at the Ship tap to give assistance to foreigners who come to the Custom-house? A. Yes.





BENJAMIN BUTCHER
. I am stable-man at the Custom-house liverystables—I knew the prisoner by sight. On the 27th of December, I was at the stable—the prisoner came there, and asked my consent to allow him to nail a mat on a box—I gave him my consent and lent him a hammer it was a mat similar to this which is here—it was between five and six o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was it he did this? A. Close by my door in the open place—all I saw was his nailing a mat on a box—it was inside the gateway—the prisoner did not bring the box nor take it away—the person who did bring it was a perfect stranger to me.





JAMES RICHARD NAYLOR
. I attend from the Crown-office—the title of Mr. M'Kenzie is Lord Commissioner of the Ionian Islands—I have an extract from the book—it is a minute or docket-book, in which every patent passing the Great Seal is entered, and it is kept in the Crownoffice.

Cross-examined. Q. Is that considered as correct? A. It has often been proved in the House of Lords—I have not the book here, but I have a copy of it—it is a public document—it is a minute-book—it is not on parchment—I make the minute, and then the patent is made—the book is not always produced—I brought this merely to give evidence, that Mr. Stewart M'Kenzie is the High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands—when a patent passes the Great Seal, a docket is sent to the Chancellor, and a copy of that is entered in the book—I have never taken a copy from that book into a court of justice before—I have often taken the book—I call it a public record, because it belongs to the Crown-office, and is there for public inspection, on payment of a fee—when it has been required, the book has been taken.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. While you were here the book may be demanded to be seen? A. Yes—the names which appear here, are "James Alexander Stewart M'Kenzie, High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands."




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
