




1813. 




RICHARD ELDRIDGE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of May, 8 shillings, 6 sixpences, and 2 farthings, the monies of 




Thomas Jones, from the person of 



Ann Jones
.





ANN JONES
. I am the wife of Thomas Jones, tailor, of Charterhouse-street. On the 28th of May, at a quarter-past ten o'clock at night, I was coming down Butcher-hall-lane—I got opposite Angel-street-four men were standing there, and the instant I passed, they followed me—when I got to the Blue-coat-buildings, I felt a drag at my pocket-hole—I turned round, and instantly touched the prisoner's hand—one of his companions trod on my dress, to attract my attention—I did not regard it, but went after the prisoner, and I said, "You have robbed me"—he said, "No such thing, what does the woman mean?"—I said, "You have"—he went back—his companions joined him—they went up the street, and turned back—I said, "Go where you will, I will follow you till a policeman comes"—I followed him half-way up the street—he there passed something to his companions, but I cannot say what—the prisoner was the only one near me when I felt this tug—I lost eight shillings, six sixpences, and two farthings—in a few minutes the policeman came up, and I gave the prisoner into custody—the policeman said, "I don't see that you have any particular charge against him"—I said, "I have lost my money; this man has stolen it from me; if that is not a charge I. don't know what is"—we walked on to near Bartholomew-close—the persons in the crowd said, " Don't leave him, you had better see him to the station-house"—I said, "You see this policeman is not willing to take him, what can I do?"—the policeman said, "I don't see that you have any particular charge against him; you had better make it up quietly," or o' comfortably"—I said, "If you will come to my husband, I will state the case to him, he can do as he thinks proper; if he feels inclined to make it up, I have nothing farther to do, but remember he is the man who has stolen iny money."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. How far is Charter House-street from where you lost your money? A. Not very far—I saw four men at the end of Angel-street—I passed at the back of them—I heard the feet of several persons coming after me—it might be about twenty minutes from the time I lost my money till the policeman came up—Mr. Waddington came up—I had seen him before—he did not go to the station—I did not tell the policeman I felt a pull at my pocket—I put my hand, and felt a man's hand, and saw the prisoner the nearest to me—I seized his hand—the policeman said he could go nowhere but to the station—I do not know what was to prevent the prisoner from running away—he said, "What does the woman follow me about for? I am an innocent man."





JOHN WADDINGTON
. I am in the employ of Mr. Collier, of Bartholomew-close. I was passing down Butcher-hall-lane—I heard the prosecutrix say, "This man has robbed me," turning to the prisoner—I collared him—the prosecutrix said to the policeman, "I give this man in charge for robbing me," or "picking my pocket"—he listened to what she had to say for a considerable time, and then said, "You must go with me, and then I left—the policeman took the prisoner into custody—the prosecutrix said in the crowd, "You see this man is not willing to take the charge.

Q. How long was it from the time you first came up till the man was taken? A. About twenty minutes—I did not hold him all that time—he was walking about within ten or twenty yards—it was a quarter-past ten o'clock—he declared his innocence several times, and said be was not the man—I held him for about five minutes before the policeman came.





JOHN POWER
 (City police-constable, No. 212.) I was called by Mrs.

Jones—she gave the prisoner in charge, and said he had robbed her—she said, "You take this man in charge"—I said, "What is the charge?"—she said she felt a pull, put her hand, and felt a man's hand, the prisoner as nearest to her, and this was the man—I made no objection to taking the charge.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she ever tell you it was the prisoner's hand that was in her pocket? A. No, she did not—I searched, and found one shilling, one sixpence, four penny-pieces, and two halfpence on him—I never said (they had better make it up quietly and comfortably—I do not know Mr. Jones at all—I have been to the house.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—



Transported for Ten Years.
