



465. 




HENRY BRADY



, stealing 1 cigar-box, value 6d., the goods of 



Benjamin William West Dobson Binder, having been before convicted.






PRISCILLA BINDER
. I am the wife of Benjamin William West Dobson Binder and keep a tobacconist's shop. I have a weight at the door, to give notice when any one comes in—on 18 Dec., about half-past seven o'clock ✗in the morning, I heard the shop-door open—a boy put his head in as far as he could, and asked for a quarter of an ounce of tobacco—the prisoner then put his arm and shoulder in, and took a cigar-box from a little shelf in the window—there was nothing in it—he could not get his head in—he could not see whether there were cigars in it or not—I said, "What do you want, thief?"—I followed him, and heard him throw the box away, and swear at it because it was empty—it is mine (produced)—it does not open.

Prisoner. Q. Was not the box found 100 yards from your place? A. You picked it up again—I knew you before as a very bad character—I swear to you—it was past day-break, and there were three gas-lights on the other side of the way—I did not give you into custody until ten o'clock, as I did not wish to take any trouble about it—I have watched you at my window for a fortnight or three weeks, and have been told to beware of you—you sent a boy at half-past eight o'clock for a quarter of an ounce of tobacco, to see if I suspected you—I told him I did—he told you, and you ran down the street.





WILLIAM FLAXTON
. On 18th Dec., just at day-break, I picked up a box near Bow-bridge, about 100 yards from Mr. Binder's—I gave it to a policeman in Bow, after the prisoner was taken.





GEORGE MOUNTFORD
 (policeman, K 118.) I saw the prisoner in Bow,

about half-past ten o'clock, and told him I wanted him for stealing a cigarbox—he said, "Very well; I know nothing of it"—he afterwards said he had not been in the neighbourhood that morning, he had been at Poplar—this box was given me by another policeman.

Prisoner. Q. They said two policeman were looking for me; did not I cross over to you from the White House? A. Yes, and asked what I wanted you for.

Prisoner's Defence. I was not in the neighbourhood.





ALEXANDER LUKE
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person—(read—Convicted Sept., 1847, and confined two months.)




GUILTY
. ***(†) Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

