




1769. 



WILLIAM RIDLEY
and 




JOHN HILYARD
were indicted for

stealing, on the 
31st of May, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; 1 split-ring, value 3d.; and 1 watch-key, value 1s., the goods of 



George James Clark.






GEORGE JAMES CLARK.
I am a farrier, and live in Union-street, Kingland-road. On the 31st of May I went to bathe at Mr. Goddard'g bath, opposite Gloucester Chapel, Hackney—the baths are enclosed with a wall—I paid 4d. to go in—it was about ten minutes to four o'clock when I went in, and I put my clothes in a box by the bath—I had a watch, which I put into my hat on the seat—I was in the water about an hour—I think the prisoners are the boys I had seen in the bath, and they had asked me what o'clock it was before I went into the water—I missed my watch when I got out, and the prisoners were then gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. You are always getting into tome scrape or other, are you not? A. No—I was knocked down by two or three persons the day before yesterday—I did not knock a policeman down—he tumbled over my feet—be gave me a drive—I asked him what it was for, and he took me in custody, and as I laid on the ground he tumbled over me—I am almost sure I saw these prisoners at the bath—there were a good many boys about, but none so conspicuous as those in their clothes—they had particularly clean corduroy clothes on—it was on Sunday.





THOMAS CLEMENTS.
I am apprentice to a paper-stainer. I was bathing with the prosecutor—I wanted to know what time it was—he went to look at his watch, and missed it—I had seen him pat it into his hat, and when he said it was gone I went to Mr. Goddard—he called the policeman in, and made a search through the bath—I saw the prisoner Hilyard there, talking to another about the size of Ridley.

Cross-examined. Q. You don't say that it was Ridley? A. No—Hilyard's face was towards me, but the other's back was towards me—he might be rather taller or shorter than Ridley—my master once missed some pieces of paper, and he said I took them, but he found out differently afterwards.





ROBERT SAVAGE.
I am a broker and general salesman, and live-in Brick-lane, Whitechapel. On Monday morning, the 8th of June, about half-past eight o'clock, Ridley came and asked if I bought watches—I said, "Let me look at it"—he said, "I have not got it, I will go and fetch it"—I watched him, and I saw Hilyard about twelve yards off, on the other side, with another little boy—they went round the corner, and Rideley went towards them—Ridley came to me in three or four minutes, and brought me this watch—I took him into my back place and examined the watch—I asked him where he got it—he said he picked it up at Bermondsey—I sent for a policeman—Ridley then cried, and said there were two boys outside, that the big one had taken the watch and given it to him to sell—by the big one he meant Hilyard, and be represented the dress he had on.


Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say he got it from two boys outside? A.—I saw Hilyard outside, and another little boy, who turned out to be Hilyard's brother—he was discharged.





JOHN FRANCIS
(police-constable H148.) I took Ridley—I went out and saw Hilyard and another little boy—they saw me end ran off—I ran and took them.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the other little boy about the size of Hilyard? A. Yes.

Hilgard's Defence. My brother was not with me—he had gone to see a man hung.
(Susan Anderson and Jane Raikes gave the prisoner Hilyard a good charecter.)

HILYARD—


GUILTY.*Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years—Ship


RIDLEY—


NOT GUILTY.

