



2127. 




WILLIAM THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of July, 2 sheets, value 5s., the goods of 



John Tubby; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN TUBBY
. I lodge in Great Peter-street, Westminster. The prisoner lodged with me—we slept in the same room—I returned from work about ten o'clock, on the 21st of July, and missed a pair of sheets—the prisoner was gone—I afterwards found him in Vauxhall-road, and spoke

to him about them—he owned he had pawned them, and showed me the tickets—I gave him into custody—I went to the pawnbroker's, and found them—these now produced are them.

Prisoner. Q. Whose sheets were these? A. Mine—I did not buy them—I know this sheet by the stain of the stuff I had when I was ill about a month ago—I had been three weeks in the lodging before I met him—on the morning he was taken I went to where he was—I knocked at the door, and he opened it—he wanted to give me the slip—he did not give me the duplicates—I gave him in charge to the first policeman I met—he threw the tickets over the bridge—I caught one—I never was in prison—I did not come out of prison on the 9th of last March.





HENRY PALMER
 (police-constable B 53.) The prosecutor called me on Westminster-bridge—the prisoner tried to throw something over the bridge—I saw pieces of paper flying—one flew over the bridge, and one the prosecutor picked up—it was a duplicate for a sheet, which Tubby said was his.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor and I agreed' to take the furnished lodging at 3s. a week; I was to pay half of it. I gave him no money, but found him in food. On the day stated he went out between eight and nine o'clock. I went out about four o'clock, and met two persons, who could have proved I bad no property. I staid out all night, and the next morning he called on me, and asked me to walk with him, and he gave me into custody. I know nothing of the sheet. The duplicate was found seven or eight yards from the curb.





WILLIAM CRUMP
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
