




1831. 




THOMAS HOW
 and 




JOHN HUMPHREY



, stealing 2 sheets of paper, 24 pairs of gloves, and 122 pairs of stockings, value 1l. 14s. 2d.; the goods of 



Susan Cox; Humphrey having been before convicted.






ABRAHAM FINSLEY
. I am servant to Susan Cox, a carrier, at Hadley. On 25th July, about twelve or one o'clock, I put a parcel into the cart, containing these parcels (produced)—I missed it in Cannon-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Where did you see it safe? A. At the end of Queen-street—I left the cart about a minute, and went into a distiller's.





JOSEPH DUNN
. On 17th July, at twenty minutes past one o'clock, I was in Nicholas-lane—How was brought to my house by an officer, with a brown-paper parcel, containing these things.





PHILIP REYNOLDS
 (City-policeman, 478). About ten o'clock in the morning, Hedington pointed out the prisoners to me in Old Fish-street—I followed them to Queen-street, where my beat ended.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. When was it? A. The 24th, the day before the robbery.





JOSEPH HEDINGTON
 (City-policeman, 20). On 27th July, about half-past one o'clock, the prisoners passed me in Mansion-house-street—Humphrey was a little behind How, who was carrying a brown paper parcel, in Abchurch-lane, he turned round, and handed it to Humphrey—How crossed the road, went up Abchurch-lane, and through Nicholas-passage—Humphrey went down King William-street—I followed How, stopped him, gave him in

charge, went through a passage into Nicholas-lane, and met Humphrey coming in a direction from the court he had just left—I said; I was a police", man, and took him on suspici in of stealing a parcel with another man—he said he knew nothing about it—he said at the station he knew nothing about How—this invoice (produced) was in the parcel—know that they both associated constantly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. In what direction was How going when you took him?. A. If he had gone on, he would have met Humphrey at the end of the passage—I did not hear Humphrey say he had never seen How before.





GEORGE BARLOW
 (policeman, 121 H). I produce a certificate—(read—George Clark, convicted Nov., 1846—confined nine months)—Humphrey is the man.

HOW—


GUILTY
. * Aged 19.—



Confined One Year.


HUMPHREY—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

