



2251. 




GEORGE HAMILTON
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving of an evil-disposed person, on the 
20th of August, 1 tea box, value 1s.; 441bs. weight of tea, value 9l. 16s.; and 51bs. weight of lead, value 1d.; the goods of 



Edward Hammet; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






EWARD HAMMET
. I am a grocer, and live, in Silver-street, Golden-square. I lost a tea box and 441bs. of tea on the 21st of August. In consequence of information I went, on the 22nd, to the prisoner's house, No. 50, Union-street—I there found the remains of the tea box, and some tea of the same description as mine—the remains of the box corresponded with the lid of the box I had at home.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where is the box? A. These are the remains of it—I had it from Mr. Bennett's—I have bought many boxes of tea of him—these are the boxes sold at the India House—there are thousands of them in London, and pretty much the same size—the top of the box would correspond with any box of the same size—the box was found in this state, but there are marks on the lead inside.

COURT. Q. Were these marks the same that the box you lost had? A. Yes.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What is the mark on the lead? A. A Chinese character—there is a Chinese character on every chest that comes—I cannot read it—they have various marks—I cannot swear it is a Chinese chest—we do not know that they come direct from China.

COURT. Q. How many parcels of tea had you in the box? A. One—it was one chest—there were seven parcels of tea in the prisoner's house—to the best of my belief, this is the remains of the box.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
 (police-constable E 49.) I went to the prisoner's house on the 21st of August—he is a marine-store dealer, in Union-street, Middlesex Hospital—I saw him in the shop, and asked him if he had purchased a chest of tea—he said, "No"—I asked if he had one in his possession—he said, "No"—I said I had a warrant to search for one, and, in company with the sergeant, I commenced searching, in the shop I found this bundle of green tea on a table behind the counter,

wrapped up in this handkerchief, and on a shelf I found a canister and this little caddy, with tea in them, which appears the same sort—I went into the cellar, and under some rags I found these pieces of wood, which are some part of a tea chest—I then went up stairs, and in the sitting-room I found this caddy, with two divisions of it nearly full of tea—they all appear to correspond—I went into the bed-room, and between the bed and the mattress I found this parcel of tea, which appears to be the same—I asked how he accounted for it, but I could not catch his answer.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know whether he is married? A. I do not know—there is a woman living there, about twenty-one years of age—I saw Mrs. Curry there—it is green tea—I am no judge of tea.





ROBERT LESTER
 (police-sergeant E 10.) I went with Restieaux—I saw this tea found, as he has described, and these three other parcels—they all appear to be the same tea—I heard him asked where he got the tea from when the first parcel was found—he said, "I know nothing about it; it was not here when I went out;"—when I went into the cellar, I found the tea lead in an iron pail, covered over—I said, "What do you say to that, Mr. Hamilton?"—he said, "I bought the lead"—when the pieces of the chest were found, I said, "There is a tea-chest"—he said, "I know nothing about it; I sometimes buy pieces of wood with the bones I purchase"—when I went to the bed-room I questioned him about the parcels I found there—he said, "It is part of 2lbs. I purchased, and am paying for weekly."

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not tell you that when he went out he left the shop in care of Mrs. Curry? A. Yes—he said, "I bought that lead," not "I buy lead"—I believe his answer was, "I bought that lead"—I might have told the Magistrate that he said, "I buy lead"—I do not know that I did—I affected to give to the Magistrate the answer he made me—I believe he said, "I bought that lead"—it might have been, "I buy lead," and if I swore it at the police-office, it was so—I did not mention that he left his shop in care of the woman, because I did not recollect it.

COURT. Q. What is that book which you have? A. We took it to the court, and he was asked to point out the entry of the lead, and he produced this entry in the book—(read)—" 29, George-street. Bought of Ed. King 5. 2 of lead"—these four parcels are the tea he said was part of 2lbs. that he was paying for weekly—I saw it found.

COURT
to
EDWARD HAMMET. Q. Is that mark on the lead what you know it by? A. Yes, the head of a figure—it is not on all chests—there are chop-marks—it is a Chinese character—they might make a great many marks of the same sort.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear that it is not on all? A. There is a character on all—there may be hundreds like this.
(Joseph Burleigh, carpenter, No. 21, Union-street; James Ryland, shoe-maker, No. 14, Union-street;—Dignum, a general dealer; and——Cowland, a smith, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
(Among the articles found at the prisoner's house, were five letters from convicts soliciting assistance.)
