



1949. 




WILLIAM TURNER



, breaking and entering the shop of 



Charlea Slinn, and stealing 23 pairs of boots, 3 calf-skins, and other articles, value 20l.; his goods. 


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SHIRLEY
. I am errand-boy, in the employ of Mr. Slinn, boot and shoemaker, 103, High Holborn. On Monday, 15th Oct., about nine o'clock at night, I left my master's shop to take out some work—I left the door quite secure and locked—I left no one in the shop—I returned about a quarter to ten, and found the door open—I pushed it wide open, and two young men came out—the prisoner is one—he said, "Is your master at home?"—I said, "No"—he up with his hand, hit me a blow in the chest, and ran up Hatton-garden—the other man ran down Holborn-hill—I ran after the prisoner towards Hatton-garden, crying out, "Stop thief! "and Williams came up and stopped him about 100 yards from my master's shop—I then went back to the shop with Cagford, and found this black bag (produced), with boots in it, just inside the shop door—I then went to the station, returned again, and found this white bag (produced) very nearly under the window, inside the shop—the bags were opened at the station—the black one contained twelve pairs of boots and one odd one, eight pairs of shoes and one odd one; and in the white bag there were eleven pairs of boots and one odd one—they all belong to the master—when I left the shop the window was full of boots, and when I came back it was all cleared out—I found a parcel on the counter containing leather, of the same kind as my master had, and which was hanging on the nails when I went out—I had no light—there are lights in the street, and next door there is a public-house where there are two lamps.





JOHN WILLIAMS
. I am a labourer. On 15th Oct. I was four or five yards from Mr. Sunn's shop, and saw the two men come out of the shop—I am sure the prisoner is one of them—I did not see him strike Shirley—he ran up Hatton-garden—I ran after him, stopped him, and Adams came up immediately.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. How far up Hatton-garden was it? A. It might have been twenty-five yards up—I did no lose sight of him from the time he came out of the house.





JOHN CAGFORD
. I am porter and watchman at Ely-place, Holborn. On 15th Oct. I was on duty, heard a cry of" Stop thief!" and went through Mitre-court into Hatton-garden—I saw the prisoner running, and the boy singing out "Stop thief!"—I saw Williams stop the prisoner—I then went back to the shop and saw the black bag of boots—I afterwards returned to

the shop with the constable and the boy, and saw the white bag close to the window, with the rest of the boots.





EDWARD FRANCIS ADAMS
 (policeman, G 146). I was on duty in Hatton-garden, heard a cry of "Stop thief!" saw the prisoner running, and saw Williams catch hold of him, and he was given into my custody—I took him to the shop, and there saw the black bag—I searched it at the station, and found it contained a quantity of boots and shoes—I returned to the shop and found the white bag and the leather tied up on the counter—the prisoner denied having been there—I asked his address—he said he did not think proper to give it me—I examined the shop door—there was no mark of violence on it—I have not the slightest doubt that it had been opened by a skeleton-key—the house is in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn.





CHARLES SLINN
. I rent the parlour and shop at 103, Holborn-hill. On the evening in question I left the shop at half-past seven o'clock—I afterwards had occasion to pass the shop and it was then shut up, and, as I supposed, all secure—I never saw either of these bags before—the boots are mine, and have my mark on them—I had such leather as this hanging in the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. What parish is the house in? A. I believe it is in St. Andrew, Holborn—I do not pay rates or taxes, and therefore do not know—it is part in the City and part out—the boots were in Middlesex, and not in the City—the pavement is the City, and where the woodwork begins is the County. 


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.

