



477. 




JOSEPH BARRETT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of Jan., 4 bottles, value 8d.; and 3 pints of wine, 7s. 6d.; the goods of 



George Barker.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE BARKER
. I live at No. 49, Bishopsgate-street; my wine-cellars are in Sweetland-court, under a house which the prisoner occupied under me for some time; he was to leave on the Saturday previous to the robbery. On the Monday afternoon, between four o'clock and half-past, my cellarman came to me—I went with him to the house, and into a closet there, in which

I found one board taken up, and space enough for a man's arm to go into the cellar—there was a bin just under the closet, containing pint bottles of port wine—I miss eighteen bottles from that bin—I went up stairs with my cellarman, and found the prisoner in the top room—he was without his coat, and his shirt sleeves were tucked up—I asked what he was doing there, as he ought to have left on the Saturday—he said he was merely removing a few things—I afterwards went to the prisoner's lodging, in Worship-street—the policeman and my man were there before me—when I arrived the officer pointed out to me five pint bottles, and a hole in the ceiling, from whence he had taken them—four of those I feel confident I can swear to—they had contained port wine—they were wet, and three, if not four of them had the corks forced in, evidently with the thumb, instead of being drawn with a screw, similar to the bottle found in the closet—these are the bottles—I have no doubt they were such as had been in my port wine bin—I have no peculiar mode of corking my bottles—I speak to them from comparing the crust and the smell, the chalk and dirt marks, and I compared them with those left behind, and they corresponded—the wine had been about three years in bin.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. You bottled it at the time the prisoner was your tenant? A. Yes—he has been my tenant more than three years—I speak to the bottles by the smell and the chalk and dirt marks combined—I have no doubt of them—they were not cast especially for me—these bottles, when taken to the station, were all washed by some woman there—this is a genuine crust—these are the ordinary pint bottles in which wine is corked—I thought the prisoner an eligible tenant, but he was not, for last sessions I prosecuted his wife for a robbery, in which I have no doubt he partook—he was an annual tenant—I cannot tell how many persons resided in the house—he had it under his control, and let it out as he pleased—he had no property in the upper room where I found him.

COURT. Q. At the time the bottles were found, there was the wet caused by the wine, the mark of the chalk, and the appearance and quantity of crust that you observed on the bottles remaining in your bin? A. Yes; they corresponded in their size and general appearance—I have not the least doubt they formed part of my stock.





SOLOMON ABRAHAMS
. I am a tailor, and lodged in the house in Sweetland-court. Mr. Barker allowed me to remain in the house after the Saturday—between one and two o'clock on the Monday afternoon I saw a light under the stairs—I had never seen that before—I called out, "Mr. Barrett!"—the prisoner answered me—he had been doing something there—he was under the stairs in the place where the hole was made—I saw him come out, and he asked me what I wanted—I told him Mr. Barker had given me leave to live in the house a fortnight—he then went into the cupboard again—between three and four o'clock I went up stairs, hearing a row, and saw the prisoner in the top room—he was then without his coat, and with his shirt sleeves tucked up—I did not take any of this wine.

Cross-examined. Q. What part of the house have you got? A. The first floor—two other men lodged in the house and a few girls, who they kept to work, six altogether—I did not see anything of the prisoner's removed on the Monday—an old man packed up some coals when he was under the stairs—I saw the prisoner removing his property on the Saturday—I do not know whether any remained upon the premises on the Monday—I have been in the prisoner's rooms—I have a table and a chair belonging to the prisoner, which I was to keep for him—I told him I should move in a fortnight—I did not

see part of a mangle left behind—I did not see any matting in the prisoner's hands when I went up stairs—I do not know the taste of port wine—I never tasted it there—I will not swear I have not tasted port wine within the last twelve, or six, or three months—I may have had some to drink—I am not a judge of wine—I cannot swear I have not tasted port wine within the last fortnight—the light I saw was under the stairs—it was through the cupboard door—it is like a coal cupboard—there were no coals there—I have a table, chair, and pair of bellows of the prisoner's, which I gave to his father on Friday—it was between one and two o'clock when I saw the light—the prisoner came there about one o'clock—it was between three and four o'clock that I saw him in the upper room—I then saw the cupboard, and the hole in the floor.





THOMAS BIGGS
. I am cellarman in the service of Mr. Barker. On Monday, the 19th of Jan., I was at work in my master's cellar under the house in Sweetland-court, corking bottles—I heard a noise in one of the bias—I immediately jumped up and went towards the bin where I heard the noise, and I saw a man's naked arm, which appeared to come from the coal-cupboard—I had a light with me—I tried to grasp at the arm, but he, having a lath in his hand, I did not succeed—the arm was pulled up immediately, and the lath fell down upon the bin of wine—I immediately ran up stairs, but did not find anybody—I went and told my master, and was not a minute before I came back with him—he was close by—we then went up stairs, and found the prisoner in the top room of the house, which was entirely empty, in the act of stooping with an old bit of matting in his hand, somewhere near the fire-place—he was in his shirt sleeves, which were tucked up just above the elbows—I afterwards went with my master into the cupboard under the stairs—I found a board had been taken up and partly moved—there was a hole which looked into the bin of wine where I heard the noise—I put my arm through, and could reach the bin—it was as much as I could—I brought up one or two bottles—the prisoner's arm is longer than mine—I afterwards went to the house in Worship-street with the policeman—the ceiling there was of board—aboard was pulled down, and in different parts of the ceiling, between the rafters, I found a bottle here and there, with some of the corks pushed in—these bottles exactly resemble the pint bottles in Mr. Barker's cellar in all respects—they have since been washed.

Cross-examined. Q. Is not the cupboard situated at the end of the passage? A. Yes—it is open to all the persons in the house—the prisoner occupied the cupboard with coals—it had been used at a coal-cupboard, I believe, but there were no coals there then—it was a bit of old matting that I saw the prisoner with—I saw Abrahams when I came back with my master—he was down in the bottom room, and asked what was the matter—I should say about five or seven minutes elapsed from my seeing the arm to my going up into the upper room—it was not ten minutes—Abrahams appeared as if he had been working at his business—I rather think he was in his shirt sleeves—I will not be certain whether he was.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you recollect anything about how he was dressed? A. No—I took no particular notice of him—he was dressed as he was sometimes when he was tailoring.





HENRY FINNIS
 (City police-constable, No. 633.) I went with Biggs to No. 2, Sweetland-court, on Monday, the 19th—the cupboard under the stairs was pointed out to me—I discovered an empty pint bottle there—there was a board in the cupboard, and a hole by the side of it—it was such a hole as a person's arm could go through—I afterwards went to No. 29, Worship-street, to search the prisoner's lodging—he told me himself it was his lodging—I

searched there, and found five bottles between the ceiling and the flooring of the kitchen—these bottles were shown to Mr. Barker in the state in which they were found, and he recognised four of them—some of them have been washed—here is one that has not been washed.

COURT. Q. Did you notice whether the bottles were wet? A. One was wet, which was found in the cupboard—I drained about a tea-spoonful fromit—I could not drain anything from those found in the ceiling—I smelt them—there was a smell of wine in all of them—I am no judge of wine—there was crust on the bottles—they have been carried backwards and forwards in a handkerchief to the Mansion-house, and the dirt has been rubbed off.

MR. BARKER
re-examined. There are, no doubt, thousands of bottles of this shape and make—it is usual for port wine bottles to have whitening marks on them—I can conscientiously swear these bottles contained my wine, for these reasons, they precisely correspond with the bottles in the bin, and they have the same chalk and dirt marks, and the same smell—the chalk mark is not put on with a machine—one of my men has a peculiar mode of doing it, and he has been in my service eight or nine years—he places a number of bottles together, takes a brush, and daubs them all over backwards and forwards, and another cellarman does them in a different way—I will not swear other wine-merchants have not their bottles whitened in the same way—I am convinced these are my man's doing—the crust in these bottles is precisely the same as in the bottles left in the bin—I will not swear there are not thousands of bottles with a similar crust—there may be wine of the same smell, vintage, and colour—I have no doubt at all of the bottles being mine; and one strong reason for my saying so is, finding one bottle in the closet, which had not been long drawn, that exactly resembled these.

COURT. Q. Was the wine binned with laths? A. Yes—I am not aware whether there was a key of the coal-cupboard.





SOLOMON ABRAHAMS

re-examined. I know nothing of the prisoner's removing any coals that day—the old man removed some from another part, but not from the coal-cupboard—there were no coals in the cupboard that day.





HENRY FINNIS

re-examined. The prisoner told me that No. 29, Worship-street was his lodging—I went there, and after looking all round the room, and not finding these bottles, I saw a hole in the ceiling of the kitchen, and, with the assistance of Biggs, I found these bottles—a board eight feet long had been removed in order to place them there—it did not appear recently done—a Mr. Draper keeps the house—I found the prisoner's mother in the kitchen—she lives with him—the father came in afterwards—I do not know when the prisoner took possession of this lodging—he had quitted the other place on the Saturday.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.

