




729. 




FREDERICK WILLIAM ROBERTSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of January, I handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 knife, 6d.; and 1 purse, 6d.; the goods of 



William Bryant: and 5 watches, value 7l. 15s.; 1 eye-glass, 5s.; 1 coat, 1l. 10s.; 1 waistcoat, 7s.; and 1 handkerchief, 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Sarah Avila, in her dwelling-house.


MR. WILKINS
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSIAH BENJAMIN AVILA
. I live with my mother, Sarah Avila, a widow, in Mile End-road, where she carries on the business of a pawnbroker—the prisoner lived as shopman in her warehouse for about two years, and has left for three years. On Sunday, the 8th of Jan., Sarah Gale, our servant, gave me information, when I returned from chapel, about one o'clock—I went to the station for a police-constable, and went with him over our premises—we have four warehousemen—in the second warehouse I found a ticket for a coat, and a ticket for a pair of hose on the window-seat—they related to articles which had been pawned at our shop—several of the bundles had been disturbed, and I missed a silk handkerchief from one of them—I went into the shop, and missed three watches from the plate-board; and ultimately I missed eight more watches from the drawer under it—this shop is connected with my mother's dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stebonheath, or Stepney—altogether I missed eleven watches, which were worth abont 22l.—the bolts of the door which opens from the shop into the street, had been drawn, and it was only on the latch—the garden at the back of our house is next door but one to the Vintners' Alms-houses—there is a wall between our garden and the Vintners'—a person could easily get over that wall and into our garden—the back door of our house is usually unfastened after day-light, and was unfastened that day—when we receive property in pledge, it is entered in a book, which is in my writing—I have referred to it, and the property which is here produced, exactly corresponds with it—this knife, purse, and handkerchief belonged to William Bryant, who is in our employ, and the other things were in pledge at my mother's—I know these four watches—I have compared them with the description we have of them—they were in our house on Sunday, the 8th of Jan.—on the Saturday following I went to Mr. Hall, a pawnbroker, and saw the prisoner there—he had on a coat, a waistcoat and a handkerchief, which I believe to be those lost from our ware-house—they were just like them—I have no doubt they were them, but I could not swear to them.





WILLIAM RALPH YOUNG
 (police-sergeant K 9.) On Sunday, the 8th of Jan., I went to the prosecutor's premises, and on the Monday went over the premises with the shopman—I had some clothes which had been left behind by the person, and the shoes—I took the shoes into the garden, and one foot mark that was there corresponded with them, but others had been so trodden on that I could not trace them—these shoes have been tried on the prisoner's feet, and fit him exactly, and so do these clothes, except the trowsers, which are about an inch too long, which it may be seen was the case with the person who wore them, as they are all mud at the bottom.





ABRAHAM POUND
. I live with Mr. Arnold, a pawnbroker, in Shoreditch. I have a watch which was pawned by the prisoner on the 9th of Jan., for 17s., in the name of Thompson or Johnson—I am quite sure it was him—I was present when he pawned it.




GUILTY
.† Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

