



1337. 




ROBERT GREGORY



, burglary in the dwelling-house of 



John Gregory, and stealing a watch, 1l. 1 guard, 10s, and a parrot, confined in a cage, value 30s., his property.






JOHN GREGORY.
 I live at No. 4, Lucas-place, Commercial-road, in the parish of St. Dunstan's, Stepney, and am one of the bailiffs of the Whitechapal County Court—the prisoner is my son, and is 17 years of age—I was called up about half-past five o'clock, and found the first-floor back-room window open, a piece of glass large enough to admit a person's hand had been forced from the outside—it had been fast the night before—I missed a silver watch and chain, and a parrot—some time after that I saw my son in the street, and asked him what he had done with the watch and the parrot that he had taken from the house, he denied it, and I told him the parrot had been seen in his possession, on the Tuesday morning—he had been taken to the station house, but told a plausable tale, and they suffered him to leave with the parrot—he afterwards said, "Well I sold the parrot for half-a-crown, to a delaer at the entrance of London Dock gate, and the watch and chain to a man in Petticoat-lane, for 5s."—it was worth 20s. or 30s.





WILLIAM CHARLES POTTER
 (policeman, K 212.) I received the prisoner in charge from his father, and told him what he was charged with—he said he knew nothing about it—on the way to the station he said he would tell the truth, he had sold the parrot for 2s. 6d., at the London Dock gate, and the watch to a Jew, in Petticoat-lane, for 5s.—I received two tickets from his father, which I showed him, and asked him if he knew them—he said, "Yes, that is right;I took them and pawned them."





SAMUEL HAYES
 (policeman K 114.) On Tuesday morning, 2nd May, about half-past one o'clock, I saw the prisoner at the top of Lucas-street, about twenty yards from his father's, with a parrot in the bosom of his jacket—I asked him where he got it, he said, from on board a ship—I asked what he had been doing with it all day, he said he had it in his bosom all day, and he went to the play with it, and the London Dock gates being licked he could not get in, he was going off to Stopney to his mother—he has no mother living there.





HEPZIBAH OAKEY.
 The prisoner have me this parrot on the Tuesday morning of the week it was taken—he came to the institution where I was singing, and said he had a parrot he was taking care of, and asked if I would accept of it—I asked if it was his own, he said yes, that his aunt was gone into the country for a week to fortnight—I kept it for two days, and then reading an account in the paper that a sailor was taken up for stealing a parrot, I took it to Mrs. Gregory's, and found it was hers.





JOHN GREGORY

re-examined. This is the bird I lost—it was kept in the first-floor back-room, where the window was open—it was brought back by

Oakey, the watch and chain were kept hanging up in a room on the same floor, at the bedside—my wife lives with me—I have eight children besides the prisoner—he is the second—he had been to sea—he had two situations before that, and was turned away for dishonesty—he went one voyage to Calcutta, and on his return refused to go any more—he has been robbing me for the last five months—he used to take things and keep away for a week or two, and then come home—I have taken him back three times, and each time, he has promised to reform, but after being at home three or four weeks he has broken out again.




GUILTY. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were three other indictments against the prisoner.)
