



527. 




JOHN ROGERS
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of December, 1 coat, value 2l., the goods of 



James Bannister.






JAMES BANNISTER.
I am coachman to Mr. Hendrick, an omnibuskeeper—his stable is in John-street, Church-lane, Whitechapel. On the night of the 15th or 16th of December, I was at the stable about half-past ten o'clock—I left my coat hanging in the stable—there was a horsekeeper there—we came away together, leaving the stable locked—I went next morning, and found the padlock had been wrenched off the door and thrown away—I missed my coat and a Macintosh cloak belonging to John Riddle—the prisoner had worked twice for my master—I saw my coat on Saturday morning on Groom, the driver of a cab, in Piccadilly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Did the prisoner drive the County fire-engine? A. I believe he did—I saw the horse-keeper lock the stable when we came out.





GEORGE HURST.
I live in Little Park-street, Regent's Park, and am a cab-driver. The prisoner sold this coat to me in the yard at the King-street bazaar, in Portman-square—he brought it down the yard and said he had brought a bargain for some one to buy—I looked at it, and he said he wanted 16s. for it—I offered him 14s. for it, and stood with him for almost half-an-hour—I at last bought it—I wore the coat for about five days, and then lent it to Groom, who drives a cab—I am certain it is the same coat—I did not know his name at the time—I never saw him before—Loader afterwards told me his name.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to see him in the station-house? A. Yes—I said I could not take my oath if I had met him, as a stranger, in the street, that he was the man, not thinking about the coat, but the moment I saw him in custody, I knew he was the man.

COURT.
Q. What did the prisoner say? A. He said his wife and children were badly off, and he had not food to eat—there were four men in the yard, and I asked Loader if he knew the man—he said, "I have known him for four years, and I should say it is all right in buying it"—I know this is the same coat by buying it and wearing it—I know it by the velvet collar and by the lining of it which I believe is bear-skin—I never saw one like it—I cannot tell the day I bought it.






WILLIAM LOADER.
I live in York-mews, Baker-street. "I work for the same master as Hurst—I recollect the prisoner coming to the yard, between seven and eight o'clock one morning, I think about a month ago, with the coat on his back—he said he had got a bargain to tell—I told him I dared to say some of the men in the yard would buy it of him, but I did not want one—Hurst looked at it, and offered him 14s.—he stood out for some time, and then gave 16s. for it, but I saw no money pass between them—Hurst asked me if I thought it was all right—I told him I had no doubt of it, as I had known the prisoner for three or four years, and he had worked with me in York-mews—this is the same coat.

Cross-examine. Q. Has he always borne a good character? A. Yes—I do not know whether he has a wife and family.





RICHARD THOMPSON
(police-constable H69.) The prosecutor spoke to me, and I found the prisoner at the Fir Tree public-house, in Whitechapel—I told him I wanted him for a coat—he said he knew nothing about it.
(Sarah Edwards, the wife of a paper-hanger in Wood's-buildings, Whitechapel, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY.Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years

