



306. 




HANNAH HOPKINS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of Nov., at 
St. James's, Clerkenwell, I looking-glass and frame, value 1l., 2 gowns, 1l. 10s.; 1 bonnet, 14s.; 1 scarf, 3s.; 3 petticoats, 10s.; 1 tippet, 2s. 6d., 1 shawl, 3s.; 6 caps, 10s.; 5 collars, 5s.; 1 pair of boots, 1s.; 2 tea-cannisters, 5s.; 1 tumbler, 6d., 1 mustard-pot, 6d., 1 snuff-box, 1s.; 1 pocket-book, 1s. 6d., 1 toothpick, 1s.; and 2 aprons, 1s.; the goods of 



Comfort Pike: 1 cloak, 3s.; 1 bonnet, 4s.; 3 frocks, 6s.; and 1 handkerchief, 2s.; the goods of 



Caroline Baker: and 1 shawl, 5s.; and 1 scarf, 2s.; the goods of 



Harriet Baker, in the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Blankley.






COMFORT PIKE
. I am a widow, and live at No. 45, White Lion-street, in the house of Elizabeth Blankley, who keeps the house, and lives in the back-parlour—I occupy the back-room, two-pair—the prisoner came to lodge in my zoom on a Monday night, at the beginning of November—she was brought to bed in my room on Sunday evening—she has no husband—the baby lived two days and two nights, and then died—I took care of her while she was at my house—I pledged some of my things and a shawl of the prisoner's to pay for the child's burial—she got well about the end of Nov.—she gave me a letter, I think on the 16th, and told me to take it to No. 24, over the City-road, beyond the Eagle, and I should there receive 255.—I went, but could not find any such a name or number as she told me—I brought the letter back—when I went out I left her in my room, and when I returned she was gone, and I missed the articles stated in the indictment—most of them belonged to myself, and some to my two grand-daughters, Caroline and Harriet Baker—it was all the property I had—she stripped me out—there are many

trifling things which are not stated—they were worth 5l. altogether—I have recovered the glass, a frock, a cloak, a scarf, and Harriet Baker's shawl—I go out washing and charing, but I have been ill for twelve months.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I live with my father, a pawnbroker, in Clark's-place, Islington. I produce a looking-glass, a cloak, a gown, and other things, pawned by the prisoner on the 16th of November.





JOHN WATSON
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker at Battle-bridge, I produce a shawl pawned by the prisoner on the 16th of November.

MRS. PIKE
re-examined. This is my looking-glass and other things—they are all mine, and are the things that were taken away on the 16th of Nov.—this is my shawl.





JAMES FOX
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody last Thursday—she said the things she had taken were not worth 52.—she wrote a letter in the Police-court, stating that the remaining part, which was not found, were in the country at Whitchurch, at her father's house—I saw her mother last Monday at the police-court, and she said in the prisoner's presence that she had brought nothing at all, that there were no such things there.

Prisoner's Defence. I am guilty of the things which I pawned, but I never saw any more, and I do not believe she had such things; she was always complaining, and saying she had nothing worth 6s.; I pawned the things to take me home, as I had no money.




GUILTY of Stealing under 5l. value. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

