



2881. 




ELLEN BAILEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of June, at 
St. Giles'-in-the-Fields, 1 time-piece, value 12l. 12s.; 2 carpets, value 5l.; 2 blankets, value 10s.; 2 flat-irons, value 4s.; 2 counterpanes, value 2s.; and 2 hearth-rugs, value 5l.; the goods of 



Ann Brandram, her mistress, in her dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN BRANDRAM
. I am a widow, living in Gower-street, in tire parish of St. Giles' Bloomsbury. I took the prisoner as charwoman, to take charge of the house and its contents, on my going to Paris—I left home on the 18th of April—she was left solely in charge—she was permitted to have her husband to sleep there occasionally—my family returned on the 25th of August—I staid three weeks after, and returned to London oa the 13th of September—I found the prisoner had been given into custody,

AMELIA SWEETMAN. I am the wife of Robert Sweetman—we are both in the prosecutrix's employ. I went with her to Paris—I returned home on the 25th of August, with my husband and my mistress's son, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—I found only a little boy in the house—the prisoner came in in about an hour—I missed this time piece, worth 10l., from the dining-room chimney—I told the prisoner what I missed—she came down to me in the room, and began to cry—I did not know what she was crying for—she begged for forgiveness—I begged her to tell me what was the matter—she produced thirty duplicates—my mis✗ tress's son afterwards gave her in charge—there was one ticket of a time✗ piece, and one of these carpets—I have examined the time-piece, and other things—they are my mistress's.





ROBERT SWEETMAN
. I am the witness's husband. I received nine duplicates of these articles—I delivered them to the officer.





JAMES SWAIN
. I am in the service of a pawnbroker, in Upper Sey✗ mour-street, St. Pancras. I received the time-piece on the 24th of August—the prisoner pawned it for 2l. 2s.—she said it belonged to her mistress—this is the duplicate I gave her.

Prisoner's Defence. I meant to have taken them out before my mistress returned.




GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
