






1649. 




THOMAS POVEY



, stealing 51 yards of tabouret, value 13l.; the goods of the 

Eastern Counties Railway Company, his masters: and 




JOHN THOMPSON
,



JOSEPH LUCAS
, and 



SAMUEL JONES



, feloniously receiving the same.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY BROWN
. I am a widow, residing at Brain tree, in Essex. My husband, Abraham Brown, was in the employ of Walters and Son, silk-manufacturers at Braintree—he died on 15th July—on 2d June, I assisted him to pack up fifty-one yards and three-quarters of tabouret—it was packed in a hamper, at Mr. Cheeseman's warehouse at Braintree, and given to Mr. Cheeseman in my presence—this is the tabaret that I packed (produced).

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. That is like the tabouret, that is all you can say? A. That is the tabouret that I assisted my husband in making; I have assisted him in making many—here is my work; I can swear to it—I made no other, of this pattern—there has not been another of that pattern made in Braintree.





GEORGE CHEESEMAN
. I am assistant to my father at Braintree; he is foreman to Walters and Son. On 2d June, I received from Abraham Brown the tabouret in question—I packed it with another piece of the same description—there was then fifty-two yards, worth about 15l.—after I packed it, I delivered it to Willis.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. Where was it given you? A. At

the warehouse, which is about a mile from where Brown lived—I cannot say whether his wife was with him or not when he bought it—she was in the habit of coming with him.





JOHN WILLIS
. I am a carman in the employ of the Eastern Counties Railway, at Braintree. On 2d June, I received a hamper from Cheeseman—I put it on the van, and drove it down to the station, and delivered it to Thomas Hayes in the same state I received it.





THOMAS HAYES
. I am warehouse clerk, at Braintree station. On 2d June I received a hamper from Willis, directed "Walters and Son, Finsbury"—it was then well secured—I also got this receiving-note from him (produced)—the hamper weighed 1 qr. 25lbs.—I saw it taken by Seabrook, and put into the truck for the purpose of being conveyed by the seven o'clock train in the evening—after the truck was loaded, I examined it to see that it was all secure, and it was so.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. You receive a great many of these hampers, do you not? A. Yes; I recollect this hamper particularly, because a letter came down on Monday morning saying it was 15lbs. short of weight.





GEORGE SEABROOK
. I loaded the truck, No. 730, on 2d June, and put into it a hamper, directed "Messrs. Walters and Son, London"—the truck went off with the seven o'clock train, in charge of Bloomfield.





JOSEPH BLOOMFIELD
. I am guard from Braintree to Witham. I received five loaded trucks at Braintree station—we left there at seven o'clock, and arrived at Witham at twenty-five minutes past seven—I there delivered them in the same sute to Hydra, the next guard—my charge ceased there.





THOMAS HYDRA
. I am inspector at the Witham station. I received the trucks from Bloomfield—I placed them in the side shed to go by the Colchester goods train, and left them in charge of the night inspector, Dunster.





THOMAS DUNSTER
. I took the trucks from last witness, and delivered them to Hall.





GEORGE HALL
. I am a guard. I took the trucks from Dunster, and brought them to town—we arrived about thirty-five minutes past eight o'clock on the Sunday morning.





JOHN ASHFIELD
. I received the trucks in town, and sent them off the main line on to a side line—it was Hewitt's duty to weigh them.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. Did you give them into any one's charge? A. No, I left them there—I do not know whether a man of the name of Boulton was employed that morning on the premises—I do not recollect seeing him.





HENRY STAINES
. I am a carman. I received the hamper directed to Messrs. Walters'—it weighed 1 qr. 10lbs.—I received it from Mr. Tunstall—it was not opened in my presence.





JOHN TUNSTALL
. I received the hamper directed to Messrs. Walters', about half-past seven o'clock on the Monday morning—I weighed it, and found it was 1 qr. 10lbs.—I took it into the office, and put it before the desk—I lifted the lid up, and it was very loose; I could have put my hand and arm in.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. How was it when you received it? A. The lid appeared half open—I did not receive it from any one—I took it off the platform when I went to load my trucks—it was Hewitt's duty to put it on the platform.





MARY BROWN
 (re-examined). The tabouret was at the top of the basket,

and a paper laid on the top of it—it was not in a separate paper, so that anybody putting their hand in might lift up the paper and take it out





GEORGE HEWITT
. I am a clerk in the employ of the Eastern Counties Railway Company. It is my duty to see the trucks unloaded; two porters help me—I unloaded the trucks which came up on the Sunday, between three and four o'clock on Monday morning—I remember a parcel directed "Messrs. Walters"—it appeared to have been meddled with—I made a mark on my invoice, and it was re-weighed.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. What time was it weighed? A. Early in the morning—I go to work at one o'clock on Monday morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Was it dark when you weighed it? A. No, daylight; we put out our gas at two, and I weighed it at a quarter to three—when I weighed it I could have put my arm in and taken the remainder of the goods out.

COURT. Q. In whose charge are the trucks from when they arrive till the goods are taken out? A. I am not aware that they are in any express charge—they remain on the line on the premises—there are very few of the servants there at that time.





WILLIAM WELSBY
. I am in the Company's service. When the goods arrive, they are placed off the main b'ne on to the siding, that is not under cover—it is on the Company's premises; there are gates enclosing it—they are left there, and are unpacked on the Monday—we take no notice of the Company's servants going there; they may go when they please, other persons are prevented—I know Povey; he works on the line from eleven o'clock in the day till eleven at night—he does not work on Sundays—he would have no right to be there on a Sunday—he would know the premises perfectly.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. If you saw respectable persons going towards the siding, you would not go and collar them? A. The gate-keeper would not allow them in—he is not here—he has charge of the gate leading to the warehouse—I suppose anybody could get in from the Shore-ditch end—Povey assisted in getting the trucks down the line—he was not a porter; he was only employed to push the trucks about—if a person in the employ of the Company were seen carrying a parcel, he would be stopped—they are not allowed to take things out of the gate till they have a pass from the person who delivered them to them—the pass would be left with the gate-keeper.





SAMUEL THODEY
. I am employed in the granary department of the company. 1 know Povey—on Sunday, 3d June, I was at the place where the trucks are, to turn the trucks into the granary—I saw Povey come in, from nine to ten o'clock, and go out in five or ten minutes—he was on the premises, but not near to where the trucks are—I was there from twelve on Saturday night till half-past eleven on Sunday—I cannot say whether Povey saw me—his eyes were fixed on the ground, and he was walking along steadily—I lost sight of him after going about forty yards—I do not know where he was during that time—I cannot say whether he could have got to where the trucks were in that time—there was nothing to prevent his walking to where they were—it was about fifty yards off.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. Did you see him coming out again? A. I did—I was twenty yards from him—I did not see a parcel on his shoulder or in his pocket—I do not think he could have had it hidden about him without my seeing it.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-sergeant, H 8). On 29th June I went with

Shackell to the shop of Hampton and Russell, upholsterers, in Leicester-square, and saw this piece of stuff in the window, exposed for sale—there was no ticket on it—I went into the shop and asked the price of it of a shopman—he said, "3s. 9d. a yard," which was remarkably cheap—I saw Mr. Russell afterwards, and told him it was stolen—in consequence of what he said, I went after Jones, and took him into custody the next morning—I told him I believed he had sold some tabouret in Leicester-square, a short time back—he said, "Yes; I did"—I asked him how much he had for it—he said he could not recollect what he received for it—I said, "I am bound to ask you where you got it from, for it is stolen"—he said, "Well, I had it from a man of the name of Lucas; he had it to sell"—I then asked where Lucas got it from—he said Lucas made such goods—I told him he did not, for I had known him many years in the coach-trimming line, and he did not make such things—he then said, "Well, he had job lots in exchange for other goods"—I said, "This is a job lot; it was stolen, and I must detain you"—I then went with Shackell to Lucas's house, in Edward-street, Bethnal-green—I saw him there—he knew me—I told him I was come to speak to him about a piece of silk goods, that he had let a man named Jones have to sell—he said, "What piece of goods? I have let him have no piece of goods"—I told him it was a piece of tabouret, and that Jones was locked up, and had said he had had it from him to sell—he said, "I never did; I know nothing about it, for I am in the coach-trimming line, which you know"—I said, "Yes; I told Jones so"—I then took him to the station, had Jones out of the cell, and Jones said, "That is the man I had it of"—I directly put him into the cell, to prevent anything further being said—Lucas said, "Well, Mr. Teakle, I think I can tell you a little about this"—I had told him he must be detained—he said, "He did not exactly have it from me, Mr. Teakle, but he had it from a man of the name of Thompson"—I asked whether it was Thompson the scumboiler, in Pel ham-street—he said it was, he had seen the piece of goods Thompson had sent to his house to try to get sale for it, as Thompson did not know the value of it, but he did not know the value himself, and he recommended Jones to Thompson to sell it; Jones did sell it, and they afterwards met at a public-house, in Hare-street, where the money was paid over, and he (Lucas) had half-a-crown for his trouble—he did not say who the money was paid over by—that day I and Shackell went to Thompson's house, in Pelham-street, Spitalfields, and saw him—I told him I was come to speak to him about a piece of silk goods that he was accused of having in his possession—he said, "I know nothing about any piece of goods; I am a scum-boiler, and you know that"—I said, "Yes; I do"—I told him that a man named Lucas, and Jones were locked up, and he must go to the station, for it was ascertained they had received it from him—he said he knew nothing about it—I took him to the station, and bad Lucas out—he said, "That was the man where I went to see the piece of silk"—I told him he must be detained—he was then shown the piece of goods by Mr. Shackell, and he said, "Well, I have seen that piece of goods before; it was in my house about three or four days"—I said, "Well, how did you come possessed of it?"—he said, "Well, I will tell all I know about it: it was brought to my house by a man of the name of Povey, to sell," that he had it three or four days; Jones was recommended to him by Lucas to sell it, as he did not know the price—I then asked where Povey lived—he said he did not know—or where he was employed?—he said he believed he was formerly employed on the Eastern Counties Railway, but he did not know where he was employed at the present time—I cannot recollect whether he said when it was

that Povey left it—we went that tame day to the luggage department of the Eastern Counties Railway—Shack ell called Povey to him, and told him he should charge him with stealing a piece of tabouret from a hamper on the line—I took him into custody, and took him to the station—on the way, I asked him if he knew a man of the name of Thompson, in Pelham-street—he said, "Yes," he did—I told him he was locked up, charged with being concerned—when we got to the station, I had Thompson out of the cell, and he imme-diately said, "That is the man that brought the piece of goods to my house"—I then put them both into the cell, and told Povey he must be detained—Povey said he should like to see a piece of the goods—it was shown him, and he said, "Well, all I know about it, I will tell you; I did take that piece of goods;" that he took it there for the purpose of selling it; that he was applied to to sell it by a man named Boulton, whom he received it from—he said he did not know the value of it himself, and took it to Thompson, thinking he might know the right value—I think he said he had it on a Sunday; that Boulton brought it to him in the street, wrapped up in his cape—I afterwards went and found Boulton—he gave evidence before the Magistrate.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did not Thompson say that he would have nothing to do with it when it was brought to him, and it went away? A. No; he said at first he did not know anything at all about it, and when he saw it he said it was in his house three or four days—I have known him some years—I never had him in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. Did not Povey say he had got it on the Tuesday? A. To the best of my belief he said Sunday—I would not swear it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When you spoke to Jones about selling goods to Mr. Hampton, he at once said, "Yes; I did?" A. Yes—I am not certain whether I asked him what goods, and he replied, "A piece of tabaret," but he was just as likely to tell me—he answered straight forward.





JOSEPH SHACKELL
. I produce a bill which I received from Mr. Hampton—it was given by Jones—it is for thirty-eight yards and a half, 2l. 6s., and receipted by him—it is cut into four pieces, and stained—it has evidently been damaged by some person in several places—I took possession of it on Friday, 29th June—I have kept it ever since, and have produced it to-day—the prisoners all denied knowing anything about it till they were confronted with each other.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Jones never denied that it was his bill of parcels? A. No.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. Do you know anything about the management of the Eastern Counties Railway? A. I am an inspector there—I know George Boulton—for some months the duties at the goods department have not been allowed to be carried on on Sundays—the only persons allowed to be there are single men and shelters—shelters are persons who receive the trucks when they come in, and put them on the siding—it was not Boulton's duty to attend to the trucks on 3d June—neither he or Povey had any business there—I am certain Boulton did not work there that Sunday; several of the witnesses did—the trucks are left on the siding till the morning, covered over with tarpaulins—there is no one left in charge of them—a horse is used to make up the trains for luggage, but no horse is used on a Sunday.





GEORGE BOULTON
. I am a carman, in the employ of the Eastern Counties Railway Company. I know Povey—he was employed to shove the trucks about—I never gave this piece of silk to Povey—I saw it for the first time when it was shown to me by Shackell—my duty is, O drive a horse on the

line—on Saturday, 2d June, I left work at seven o'clock at night—I went to work again at seven on Monday morning—I had nothing to do with unloading the truck No. 730—I was not there at all on the Sunday—it was the duty of a man named Rogers to hoist the trucks, and it was Welsby's duty to lower them—Povey comes on duty at eleven in the morning, sad leaves at eleven at night.

Cross-examined by
MR. M'MAHON. Q. When does Rogers come on duty? A. At one o'clock in the day, but not on Sunday—he is not here—he is foreman of the truck shelters—it was not his duty to bring the trucks from the siding to the warehouse—the shed is, I should say, twenty feet or more below the siding where the trucks are—there are steps which go up by the gate-keeper's box—it would not take a person five minutes to go up and down again—it is about thirty yards distance—I have known Povey six or seven months, by working with him—I saw him on the Monday.





WILLIAM HAMPTON
. I am an upholsterer and general house-furnisher, at 14, Leicester-square. I bought this tabouret—I forget exactly how many yards there are; the bill says thirty-eight and a half, but I think it measures forty or so—there are about three yards at one end that is stained throughout, and not worth a farthing—we thought we should be able to get, perhaps, the size of a chair out of it—we paid the value for it, 15d. a yard.

COURT. Q. Then was it cheap at 3s. 9d.? A. We should not be able to use much more than half of it, we should eut it up for chairs or sofas; we could not sell the whole for 3s. 9d.—that was the fault of a junior hand, we were all down at dinner at the time; indeed, I was out of town, at Highgate—of course we must have taken much less than 3s. 9d., when we unfolded it, being in four lengths, and very much damaged; it is creased throughout—we never expected to sell it in that state—we, of course, expected to cut it up—it was put into the window because we often have parties come who want chairs and sofas covered—every piece of goods in the house is marked—this was marked at 3s. 9d.—I did not say it was very cheap—our young man did—of course they naturally say that everything is cheap—I would not give a farthing more for it than I did, in the state it was—I know Jones—we have had chair gimps of him for more than two years—we have had no dealings with him for tabouret before—this came to 2l. 8s., but we made him take off 2s. for discount; that we regularly do, five per cent, off for cash—we do not generally buy goods exactly in this way—we buy as many goods as we can of the little manufacturers, who bring them round—I bought this of Jones.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. He wanted 3s. for it, did be not? A. He asked 2s. 9d.—I will not be positive whether or not he asked 3s. at first—I told him he must take it away, it was of no use to us—he did take it away—he brought it back next day—I told him 1s. 3d. was my price, and if he did not take that, he must take it away again.
(The prisoners received good characters.)

POVEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.


THOMPSON, LUCAS, and JONES—


NOT GUILTY
.
