



1330. 




JAMES FAY
 was indicted

for stealing 1 jacket, value 10s.; 3 flannel shirts, 15s.; 1 box, 2s.; and 2 5l. bank-notes; the property of 



Richard Hodgson.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD HODGSON
. I am a seaman. On Tuesday, the 10th of June, I arrived in London from Hull—I had left Hull on Monday, the 9th, at three o'clock—I brought with me a chest and a bag containing my hammock and bedding—I put the chest on board myself—I had lashed it up myself, but before that I had put two 5l. notes into a small box, and put that box into the chest—the chest was locked, and had a very good lock too—I saw the chest stowed away in the hold, and I saw a great quantity

of luggage put above it—when I arrived in London I found my chest in the same state as when I put it into the hold, and quite secure—I do not think it could have been opened on the voyage—when I landed I saw the prisoner—he offered his services to me as a porter—I made some inquiries in his presence, of the City police-constable, No. 533—I hired the prisoner to take my chest and hammock to the Dundee Arms, which is a very well-known house—I have used it these ten years—it is about a mile from the wharf—I did not accompany him—I went to an eating-house—I afterwards went to the Dundee Arms, but did not find my property—I was looking for the prisoner all Tuesday evening, but I could not find him—I saw him the next day in Thames-street—I said, "Halloo, my hearty, you are the man I am looking for"—he said my things were at the station—I took him with me to the station—I there found my chest and hammock-my chest was not in the same state as it was when I gave it him—the lashing had been disturbed, and the lock had been forced—I opened the chest, and the small box and money were gone—I then examined the hammock, and missed an oil jacket and three flannel shirts—I told the prisoner about the loss—he said he knew nothing about it—I went with the constable and a female to the prisoner's lodging, at No. 8, Norfolk-street, Southwark—I searched, and found my small box in a cupboard—when I opened it the two 5l. notes were gone.

COURT. Q. How do you know it to be his lodging? A. I cannot say, but his wife took us there—he was not there, he was at the station—I found my oil-jacket stowed away behind two chests in the prisoner's room, and there was a six-inch spike-nail there, which my chest had been broken open with.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Was the spike-nail rusty? A. Yes, it was a rusty concern—I observed marks of rust on the chest.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. Did you not say, "I want a porter?" A. Yes—the prisoner came to me, and I gave him my things, with orders to take them to the Dundee Arms—I did not observe that he had been drinking—I had not been drinking—I am not in the habit of taking drops—I had had a bottle of porter on board the vessel, but not to get drunk—I had nothing after I left the vessel—I inquired as to the prisoner's character, and called a policeman—he said he knew the man knocking about, and I might safely trust my property to him—I did not observe that the prisoner had been drinking—when I saw him the next day, in Thames-street, he did not run away—he went with me to the station readily, in presence of a policeman—I had been to the station before—he did not offer to take me to his house—they would not allow him to go out of the station—I am not aware that he said, "I will take you to my house"—he denied having robbed me—they took his wife up—she took me to his house at once with the policeman—I think the prisoner did not attempt to deny his address—his wife stated where he lived in his presence, though she was charged with a felony—when we got there it was an upper room—I never saw any lodgers there—we went very quietly about our work—my box was in the cupboard in the room—the cupboard door was open, but the box was stowed away in a corner behind some pots—there was a pitcher, and two or three old knives knocking about—this jacket was lying in a corner of the room, and the spike-nail was thrown under the fire-place.

Q. Did not the prisoner tell you, in the policeman's presence, that he

had forgotten the place to which he was to have carried this chest? A. said he had been to the house two or three days previous to my engaging him, and he wanted no address—he did not say that he was drunk at the time, having recently drank a great quantity of liquor, that after he left me he scarcely knew what he was about, and he got a man to carry the things—he never denied having taken my things—when I accused him of robbing the chest he denied it—his wife was discharged—I received the notes from the last ship I was in, in payment of my wages—Captain Carter was the master and owner—I left London on the 11th of last Aug. for the coast of Africa, and returned in April—I do not recollect the numbers of the notes.





EDWARD FUNNELL
 (City police-constable, No. 569.) I was at Tower-street station on Wednesday, the 11th of June—the prosecutor and the prisoner came there—there was a policeman some little distance behind—the chest had been brought there before, and was kept locked up in a cell—it was produced to the prosecutor, and he examined it in the prisoner's presence—he said the lashing had been disturbed—we asked him to look further—he undid the lashing, and found the lock had been forced—he examined it, and said he had lost a little dressing-case, and in it were two 5l. notes—he then examined his hammock, and said he had lost a jacket and three flannel shirts—he charged the prisoner, who said he knew nothing about it it might have been done on board the ship for what he knew—we asked the prisoner his name and address—he said, "No. 8, Norfolk-street, South-wark"—that is in the Southwark-bridge-road—we went in search of his wife, and found her—I did not know her before, bat have ascertained since that she is his wife—I went with her and the prosecutor to No. 8, Norfolk street—the prisoner's wife took me to the room—I searched it—the cup-board door was open, and this box was in the left-band corner of the cup-board—this jacket was concealed behind two boxes in the corner of the room—this spike-nail and a hammer were lying on the ashes in the fire-place—I took the hammer and nail and other things to the station-house—I compared the spike-nail with the marks on the chest—the black of the nail which was used as a poker is now on the chest—there are pretty dear marks that the chest must have been broken open by this and the hammer—there are plenty of marks on it.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did the prisoner come to the station? A. I was not there when he came first, and brought the chest—I was them in search of him—I heard his wife offer to take a policeman to the house, she at once gave his name and address—I did not know the prisoner as a porter—I am not on that beat—the cupboard was open, and the box was in one corner—you could not see the box without looking in—I found no money whatever on the prisoner—I believe 1 1/2d. was found on the wife.





JOHN SUMMERFIELD
 (City police-constable, No. 535.) I was on duty in Lower Thames-street on the afternoon of the 10th of June—I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor there—the prosecutor asked me, in the prisoner's presence, if I knew him—I said I knew him by the name of Fay, working about the street at portering—I heard the prosecutor engage him to take his luggage to the Dundee Arms, at Wapping—I asked the prisoner if he knew it—he said he knew it very well, he had been there scores of times—I saw him go away with the luggage, and no one with him—he

might have been drinking, but I considered him quite sober enough to take care of the things, or I would not have suffered him to go away with them.

Cross-examined. Q. Had he been drinking? A. He might have been drinking a little I considered—it would not have taken him above half as hour to take these things where they were to go, and he must have drank a great deal before, if it operated upon him so soon—if a man had been drinking you might not seethe effect of it immediately—I have known him as a porter working at the Custom-house about three years—I have not been on the beat longer—I never heard that he has been in custody—if I had not believed him to be a man of good character I would not have recommended him to this job—I saw him go in the direction of Tower-hill, which is the way to the Dundee Arms—I noticed that the chest had not been forced at the time he took it.

COURT. Q. How far is it from where he took charge of the luggage, to the Dundee Arms? A. About a mile and a quarter; and to his lodging, I should think two miles; and from his lodging to the station-house in Tower-street, I should think nearly a mile—it was about twenty minutes before six o'clock when he started with the luggage—the vessel arrived at half-past five.





JOHN COLE
 (City police-constable, No. 502.) On Wednesday, the 11th of June, about twelve o'clock, I was on Little Tower-hill, about twenty yards from the station-house—I saw a truck standing near the curb—I was looking at it, and the prisoner came up, and said he was hired to take the chest and bag that were in the truck by a person to a place which he could not find, and he had not seen the person since—I recollected the circumstance of the chest being lost, and I said, "Your name is Louis?" which is a nickname he goes by—he said "Yes"—I told him to bring the things into the station-house, which he did—he said he got drunk, which was the reason he could not find the place where he was to take it to—I told him I had a policeman searching for him—I saw the property locked up in a cell at the station, quite safe—I saw it delivered to the prosecutor in the state I received it.

Cross-examined. Q. When the prisoner said he had forgotten the name of the place, and had got drunk, did he not say that he met with a man, and asked him to carry it? A. No—he said he got drunk, and could not find the place—I said, "You were hired to take it to the Dundee Arms?"—he said, yes, but he could find no such house—he did not tell me that he took it home—I am not on duty at the Custom-house—I am always at the station—the prosecutor said he had heard from the policeman that he had hired a man they called Louis—the prisoner did not say that he was coming to the station, that the things might be taken care of.





RICHARD HODGSON

re-examined. This is my chest, and this is the box in which the two notes were—it was at the top of the chest—this oil jacket is mine—the shirts and notes have not been found.




GUILTY
. Aged 47.—


Transported for Seven Years.

