



1725. 




CHARLES PRITCHARD
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Watermen and Lightermen of the River Thames, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 
21st of May, at 
St. Mary-at-Hill, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 8 shillings and 3 pence, their monies: 1 pair of trowsers, value 1s.; and 1 apron, value 10d.; the goods of 



John Banyon: and 1 cap, value 3d., the goods of 




Manning Chapman Cook.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the dwelling-house of John Banyon.


MR. CURWOOD
conducted the Prosecution.






LOUISA DAVIS
. In May last I lived servant to Mr. Banyon, at Watermen's-hall. The house was under repair, and he and the family were at Greenwich—I was left alone in care of the house, and Frances Pritchard, whom I went to see, begged me to give her a bed—I allowed her to sleep with me, and when she had been there about a week she mentioned the prisoner to me—he came, and she told me, in his presence, that he was her nephew—at her request I allowed him to sleep in the house, although I was very much against it at first—he slept there the Saturday night before the robbery, and came again next Friday—he said he had a friend outside, he would bring him in, and he would send for some beer—I said there were quite sufficient men, and I did not want any more—he did not come—next night he slept there again—he said nothing that night about his friend—he said he would go out and fetch some beer—I begged him not, as we had bad supper, and did not want any, but he insisted on going—I could not get the jug out of his hand—he went out, and was gone ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—his aunt let him in—he came into the kitchen, which is up stairs—before we went to bed that night I was going down to fasten the door; his aunt generally went with me, but he said, "You need not go, for I have fastened it"—I said, "Never mind him, we will go"—I went down—it was not fastened, and I fastened it—we then went to bed at the top of the house, and he slept on the second floor—next morning, Sunday, a little after eight o'clock, I came down and saw a pair of trowsers belonging to Mr. Banyon's grandson on the ledge of the kitchen window—they were not there the night before—I bad not seen the prisoner that morning—I heard him coming down stairs afterwards, and thinking there were the foootsteps of more than one person, I went to the kitchen-door, saw him coming down first, and another person following him—I asked how he could do such a thing, meaning, to bring a man to sleep there unknown to us—he said he was only a poor country fellow out of work—he ran out of the house as fast as he could—he came and looked for his hat, could not find it, and went without it—I felt so alarmed at the sight of the other, I do not know what became of the man—I then went into Mr. Banyon's bedroom, and found a drawer open—I afterwards went down into the wine-cellar, found the door broken open, and the padlock forced off—I had given the prisoner a whole candle to go to bed, and found his candlestick by the cellar-door, and the candle burnt out—I found some keys belonging to Mr. Banyon behind the screen in the kitchen.





EDWARD FUNNELL
 (City police-constable, No. 594.) On Sunday, the

22nd of May, Davis gave me information—I went to the home, saw several drawers in the bed-room forced open, and one in the parlour—the locks were broken off, and also the wine-cellar was broken open—I went to Greenwich and informed Mr. Banyon—the inspector and I found in the wine-cellar a chisel and a crow-bar, and another iron chisel in the passage of the honse—I tried one chisel to the drawers, and the marks fitted it.





WILLIAM CHARLES BRYAN
. I live in Fulwood's-rents, Holborn. On the 22nd of May I received information of this robbery—I went to the Cock and Magpie, saw the prisoner there, and gave him into custody—he had a cap on, which the policeman has.





EDWARD DAVISON
 (police-constable F 149.) On the morning of the 23rd of May I took the prisoner in charge from Bryan—he had this cap on. MANNING CHAPMAN COOK. I am a carpenter. I was at work at Watermen's Hall, and on Saturday night, the 21st of May, I left this chisel, which is mine, on a table or chair in the parlour, and this, iron chisel, which belongs to my mate, was in the house—they were not near the cellar.





MR. JOHN BANTON
. I am clerk to the Watermen's Company, and reside in their hall, but, in consequence of the repairs, I had a temporary residence at Greenwich. I received information of this robbery on Sunday afternoon—when I came to town I went to the parlour, and found the lock forced off the scrutoire, the inside of which was all in confusion, and a number of keys gone from it, and eight shilings and 3d., which was wrapped up in different papers—most of the keys produced were in my scrutoire when I left—two closets by the board-room were broken open, and keys taken from one of them—the wine-cellar key was in the scrutoire, but they did not appear to have used that, as they broke the wine-cellar lock—I went up stairs, and two drawers were forced open, and things stolen out—a pair of my grandson's trowsers, and some old black silk stockings were moved down into the kitchen from the bed-room—all the drawers in the house bad been locked—there had been an attempt to break open the door of the strong room—an apron found in the prisoner's hat had been in a locked drawer in the bed-room.





LOUISA DAVIS

re-examined. When we went up stairs the prisoner's aunt palled his hat out from under his bed, and this apron, which belongs to Mrs. Banyon, was in it

Prisoner's Defence, I own to wearing the cap; I came down stairs, and asked the servant for my hat; she said she did not know where it was; I did not run away; as to the apron, might it not roll off the bed into my hat? I know nothing of the robbery; I know no other man, and had none with me at all; Waller, the policeman, said the girl told so many lies he hardly knew what to do with her statement.




GUILTY of Larceny. Aged 28.—



Transported for Seven Years.
