




521. 




JOHN COLGAN



, stealing 1 chronometer, value 45l.; the goods of 



Adam Carr and others: also, 2 razors and case, 12s.; the goods of 




John Francis Twomey; in a port, &c.






HENKY BILSON
. I am assistant to Messrs. Barker, pawnbrokers, of Hounds, ditch. On 25th Jan., about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came, and offered me this chronometer, tied in a dirty piece of cloth, with no top to the case, as it is now—I questioned him whether he had the "rate" of the chronometer, stating how it goes, whether losing or gaining—he said he had, and pulled some papers out of his pocket, and said he had lost it—he said he had left the top of the case at his lodging—I asked if it was his own—he said it was, and he bought it in Liverpool for fifty guineas—I said I must go with him, to make inquiries—we went out; he did not want to go any further; he wanted to return, and get the chronometer—I took him to the station.





JOHN FRANCIS TWOMEY
. I am master of the Kate Kearney, from Jamaica; it is in the West India Dock. This ohronometer belonged to Adam Carr and two others—I missed it from on board, and this case of razors, belonging to myself, about half-past one o'clock on Thursday afternoon—it was kept as the head of ray berth—the top of the chronometer was left on the top of my bed; it had been wrenched off.





EDMUND JOHN WALSH
. I am chief mate of the Kate Kearney. I saw the prisoner on board on 25th Jan.—he asked about some ship-master belonging to Cork, and said he was engaged in repairing nautical instruments, and if I had anything to do in that line he would be glad to do it for me—I said I did not—I asked him into the cabin, and gave him a glass of grog—I came on deck—whether he was in the cabin or not I cannot say—this chronometer was safe half an hour before.





ALLEYN NATHANIEL EVANSON
. I am apprentice on board the Kite Kearney. The mate sent me down to look at the chronometer, and about half an hour afterwards it was missing—I found the top of the case on the top of the bed-clothes—I had seen the prisoner in the cabin near where it bad stood.





HENEY FINNIS
 (City-policeman, 633). On 25th Jan., a little after six o'clock, I took the prisoner—I received this chronometer from Mr. Billion—I found on the prisoner this case of rasors, two duplicates, a few circulars of a nautical instrument maker, and 18s.

Prisoner's Defence. I was searched twice at the gate; it is not 5 likely Icould have such a thing; I bought it that afternoon of a seafaring man, andthe rasors also




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ton Years.

