




2562. 




ELLEN HART
 and 




EMMA WEST
 were indicted for

 stealing 30 yards of doeskin, value 4l., the goods of 



John Lowe and another; and that West had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN LOWE
. I am a woollen-draper, and live in London-street, Greenwich—I am in partnership with Thomas Wilkinson Kershaw—about three o'clock, on the 30th of Sept., I had some cloth standing outside the door—I missed it about a quarter of an hour after—this is it.

West. When he was at the Mansion-house, he said he missed it from his door at half-past two. Witness. No—it was secured at the top and cut off.





JOHN FOREMAN
. I am shopman to the prosecutor—about a quarter past three, on Monday, Sept. 30th, Mr. Lowe came and told me something—I went to the railway station, and was ordered to go to London; and, just at the moment the train was starting, the two prisoners came in with this piece of doeskin, in this black cloth, in their arms—I cannot say which of them had it—they went in the third class; and the train being about to start, I could not stop them—I watched that they did not get out—on arriving at London, they called a cab, and went in, taking this piece of cloth with them—I

could not see a policeman, and I followed them to Gracechurch-street—I there saw an officer, and gave them into custody.





WILLIAM EDMONDS
 (police-constable C 528.) I took the prisoners, and produce the doeskin.

Hart's Defence. I was coming up, a woman came and asked me to carry the bundle, and she would pay me for it; and I did; she said, "When you come out of the train, take a cab, and carry it down to Rosemary-lane."

West. It is true what Hart has said.





WILLIAM EDMONDS

re-examined. They said, a woman gave it them to carry, and they were to meet her by Aldgate Pump, and if she was not there, to go on to Rosemary-lane.





EDWARD BURGESS
 (police-constable H 198.) I produce a certificate of West's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

HART—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Three Months.


WEST—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

