



594. 




WILLIAM ONLEY
 was indicted

for stealing (whilst employed under the Post-office) a certain post-letter, containing a sovereign, a half-sovereign, an almanack, and 1 5l. note, the monies and property of to 

Majesty's Postmaster-general.—5 other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


THE SOLICITOR-GENERAL, with
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HENRY GROOM
. I am assistant to a bookseller at Dewsbnry in Yorkshire; I have a brother at Islington, named Richard Groom. On the eveniog of the 26th of Dec. last, I wrote a letter to him, and pat into it a 5l. Bank of England note, a sovereign, and a half-sovereign—the gold was secured inside a small penny almanack—I sealed the letter with sealing wax, and stamped it with four penny postage stamps—I pot it into my pocket-book till the following morning, and then carried it to the Dewsbury post-office, and with my own hand put it into the letter-box, a little before nine o'clock—before I inclosed the Bank-note I took a memorandum of the number and date, which I have here—I made it myself, just before I put the note into the letter—(read—X T 20905, Leeds, July 25, 1843)—I expected an answer from my brother in a day or two—I did not receive one, and wrote to him again, and on the 2nd of Jan., in consequence of his reply, directed him to go to the Post-office and to the Bank, and make inquiries—the note now produced is the one I put into the letter—I directed the letter to "Mr. Richard Groom, 14, Upper Bansbury-street, Liverpool-road, Islington, London"—I have never seen that letter again.





PAUL FLETCHER
. I am postmaster at Dewsbury—a letter placed in my post-office a little before nine o'clock in the morning of the 27th of Dec., would leave Dewsbury at five or a quarter past five on the same day—I made up the letter-bag on that day, and put the usual letter-bill into bag—this is the bill I forwarded on the 27th of December.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Does this indicate that there were no unpaid letters for London at that time? A. No—here is "1s. 4d. "that was for letters which I received the amount of—I cannot state in respect of how many letters that 1s. 4d. was paid—there were no unpaid letters that day—I call them paid letters when they have the heads on—I received 1s. 4d. in cash, which I was accountable for.





WALTER ROBERTSON SCULTHORPE
. I am one of the presidents of the Post-office—the prisoner was employed in the Post-office as a letter-carrier at Islington—if a letter was posted at Dewsbury on the 27th, it would reach London between five and six o'clock on the morning of the 28th; and if that letter was addressed to Islington, it would be forwarded from the Inland-office to the London District-post, and there sorted to the Islington box, and forwarded about half-past eight o'clock—there are two dispatches one at half-past eight, to forward the letter-carriers in sorting, and the other about half-past nine—it would be forwarded by one of those dispatches

to the Islington district, in a bag made up with the Islington letters—there were thirteen letter-carriers at Islington at that time—when the bags arrived at Islington, it was the duty of the letter-carriers there to assist in sorting them into walks, for the purpose of delivery.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I understand you only to be speaking of a general practice, not to anything that was done on a particular day? A. No.





WILLIAM ALDEBSON WALTON
. I am a clerk in the Inland department, at the Post-office. On the 28th of Dec. I received the Dewsbury letter-bag, about seven o'clock—it was properly sealed and tied—this letter-bill was in the bag—the letters corresponded with that bill.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. There is no account of any letten here, is there? A. Only 1s. 4d., the amount of the paid letters—the quantity of letters is not mentioned—the amount of paid letten corresponded with the bill.

COURT. Q. But the particular letten are not described? A. Not at all, only the unpaid letters are noticed, not the stamped letters.





CHARLES SCOTT
. I was on dirty at the General Post-office, on the 28th of Dec.—I made up the two dispatches of letters for the Islington district that morning—the first dispatch was forwarded by a messenger, at half-past eight o'clock, and the second by the rider, about half-past nine—I forwarded them both securely, in the usual way.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I suppose you did not make any examination of them to see what they were? A. No, I merely sent them off.





JOHN WOOD
. I am superior charge-taker of the Islington branch-office. The prisoner was a letter-carrier, at Islington—he was on duty on the-morning of the 28th of Dec.—I know that from this book, which is the attendance-book of the letter-carriers—I make the entries in the book, of their arrival, and each letter-carrier puts his own signature to the twe of his arrival—here is the prisoner's name—he arrived at the-office at ten minutes to nine—immediately on the receipt of the letter-bag, it would be opened by the letter-carrier, whose seat is opposite to mine, ami a bundle handed to each letter-carrier in attendance, who sorts them into divisions—there are thirteen carriers at my office—when the sorting is over, they are delivered to eaen letter-carrier for his delivery—the letters are not put into walks till they have sorted them, or they might get letters which do not belong to their own walk—somewhere about the latter end of Dec., or the beginning of Jan., during the progress of business, the prisoner, in a very off-hand way, stated that he had lost his notice-paper for the Insurance-office, but he did not know how, or in what way, unless he pulled it out with his handkerchief, or string; and that on going to the office, he found that his policy had been paid, and the receipt cut out of the book—I remarked that it was very strange that any stranger should pay his insurance for him, and advised him to go again to the office to see if there was any mistake in it, for if the wrong receipt was cut out and given to another person, they would most assuredly take it back again, and would not keep it as their own—about two days after the prisoner had a letter in his hand, and said, "Here is my receipt, some one has sent it me"—he did not speak to me expressly—he spoke generally in the office.

Q. Did the prisoner tell you that he had lost his notice for the Insurance

office, before the conversation in which he told you that he had been to the office, and found that somebody had paid it? A. He only mentioned the subject once—it was at that time that he told me had been to the office and found the receipt cut out of the book, and it was two days after he said, "Here is my receipt, some one has sent it to me."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was there anybody else present at this conversation? A. Yes—I do not recollect that all the letter-carriers were in at the time—there were other letter-carriers there—it was said openly—I made no memorandum of the conversation—it was in an off-hand way—I took no further notice of it, not expecting that anything would call it in question—it was about a month before this charge was made against him.





WILLIAM MICHAEL
. I am sometimes employed as a messenger at the District Post-office. I was so on the 28th of Dec. last, in the morning—I received the first bag for Islington, and carried it safely in the same state as I received it, to Islington—I started at half-past eight, and reached Islington seven or eight minutes before nine.





CHARLES GOOD
. I am a mail-rider, in the Post-office. On the 28th of Dec. I took the second bag to Islington, and delivered it, as I had it, safe, and the seal unbroken.





JOHN SPINK
. I was one of the letter-carriers of the Islington district on the 28th of Dec. last—a letter addressed to Upper Barnsbury-street, White Conduit-fields, would be in my walk—I was in attendance on my duty at the office at Islington, on the 28th of Dec., and assisted in sorting the letters—I have no recollection of seeing such a letter, or of having it to deliver that morning—I delivered all the letters accurately in my walk that were given me for the purpose.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you mean that you have a distinct recollection that you had no such letter that morning? A. No—I have no recollection—I made no memorandum of the letters.

COURT. Q. Do you recollect whether the prisoner was present at the time the letters were sorted that morning? A. I do not recollect.





JOHN WOOD

re-examined. I have no time entered in the book when the prisoner left—there is no memorandum made of the time of departure, only of arrival—the letter-carriers continue till the letters are all sorted, and the mis-sorts all corrected—they never leave the office till the letters are all sorted, ready for delivery in the different walks.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. That is if they stay the proper time? A. I do not allow them to depart—I am there all the time—I recollect seeing the prisoner there that morning—I have a perfect recollection of it—it is my duty to see that they sign the correct time of their arrival, and I take it from that he came at ten minutes to nine o'clock—he went away at the usual time of leaving the office, about ten minutes to ten—I have a distinct recollection of his being there that morning.





RICHARD GROOM
. I am clerk to a solicitor in London, and brother to John Henry Groom, who has been examined—I reside at No. 14, Upper Barnsbury-street, Islington. On the 28th of Dec. I received no such letter as my brother has spoken of, nor did I ever receive such a letter.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I suppose you do not take in all the letters that come to your house? A. no—all the parties are here who were in the house that day.





JOHN BROOKS JOHNSTON
. I am a clerk in the Royal Exchange Assurance

Office. In 1835 a policy was effected in that office on the furniture in a house, No. 15, Regent's-terrace, White Conduit-fields, Islington—this is the policy—the number of it is 443116, and the amount 100l., on furniture at the dwelling-house of Mr. William Onley—the annual premium and duty is 6s.—it is our usual course to send out a notice when the time for the payment of the premium is arriving—one would have gone to Mr. William Onley in the usual course of business—I have no personal recollection of it—I have here such a notice, with the post mark on it—the premium upon that policy appears to have been paid, by my account, but I have no recollection of receiving it—I receive a great many—I have the book here, which contains the margin of the receipt corresponding with the receipt—on the 30th of Dec. I have an entry of my own—a 5l. note was tendered in payment of the premium—I put the number of the policy on the note—(looking at the 5l. note)—I find the number 443116 on this note—that is the number of the policy put by myself—I gave a receipt at the time—I only remember the transaction generally—whether a man or woman paid it I cannot tell—it it my invariable practice to put the number of the policy on a note, in the presence of the person who gives it me—I marked the change for the 5l. note on the notice at the time—here is 4l. 14s. marked upon this notice—this is the receipt that I gave—it is my writing—(This receipt was produced by Peak, and was dated 30th Dec, 1844, for the payment of 6s., premium and duty, by Mr. William Onley, on policy number 443116, and signed by the witness)—this is the date the receipt was issued.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you sure you did not make any mistake in the number of the policy that you put on the note? A. I have every reason to believe not—there are six figures.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am a police-constable acting at the General Post-office. On the 27th of Jan. I was in the Solicitor's office—the prisoner was there under an inquiry—he was asked where he lived—he said at No. 15, Regent's-terrace, White Conduit-fields—he was asked what rent he paid—he said 21l. per annum—he was asked who insured the house and furniture—he said he insured the furniture for 100l., at the Royal Exchange, and the premium was 6s.—he was then asked who paid the last premium—he said, "I did,"but then, apparently recollecting himself, he said, "Oh, there is some mistake about that; I lost my notice paper which was sent to me from the Insurance Office; I mentioned the circumstance to Mr. Wood, the charge-taker, that I had done so,"and that he did not know how he should get to know how to pay his insurance—he said Mr. Wood advised him to take down the policy to the Insurance Office, and the number would answer the same as the notice—he said that he did so, and when he came there he found that the insurance was paid, but by whom he could not say, nor did he ask; that two or three days after he received a letter containing the receipt, which he showed to all the letter-carriers at the Islington district—he was asked to produce the letter, and he said he could, not—the Solicitor said that the insurance had been paid by a 5l. note, which was inclosed in a letter addressed to No. 14, Upper Barnsbury-street, Islington—he said he could not tell how that could be—he was about leaving the Solicitor's room, when he said, "Can I see the gentleman?—he was asked what gentleman, and he said, "The gentleman to whom the letter was addressed"—he was asked what he wanted with the gentleman, and he said, to give him the money, if he pledged his bed for it—I then

took him to my own house, at his request, rather than go to the station that night—in going along he requested to see a Mr. Whitewick, a lodger of his—I got a messenger to go for him, and he came to my house—I told them I must notice all they said—the prisoner said to Mr. Whitewick "I want you to go to Islington; you will be too late to see the man at the office; go to No. 6, Moon-street; he will tell you where Spinks lives and Spinks will tell you where the gentleman lives who was to have the letter, and get the money, if you pledge my bed"—they were about saying something else, and I stopped it—I went to No. 15, Regent's-terrace, where he was living—I made a search of the house, and found this policy, which I have produced, and this file of receipts—the receipts were at the top of a book-case, and the policy I found in a drawer of the burem underneath the book-case—I returned to the office, and the prisoner was given into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was there any friend or adviser of the prisoner present when he was taken to the solicitor's office to be examined? A. No—Mr. Sculthorpe, Mr. William Peacock, and another gentleman, Mr. Phillips, I believe, were present—I did not caution the prisoner there—the conversation at the Solicitor's office did not take more than fire minute—it was before he and Mr. Whitewick commenced conversation that I said I must notice what he was saying; and when I found the conversation was against the prisoner, I stopped it—I went to the prisoner's house, and saw his wife—I produced the policy to her, and said, "You paid this with a 5l. note—she said, "Yes"—I did not, before she said so, say, "It is no use your denying it, for your husband said you paid it with a 5l. note, and it will benefit him if you can tell me the day upon which it was paid"—I said nothing to that effect; allow me to state what I did say; it was something to that effect; I said, "Your husband says that you paid the last insurance;" she said, "Yes;" I said, "With a 5l. note?" she said, "Yes;" I said, "What did you do with the change?" she said, "Sir, that was part of it that you saw when you were here before"—I had been there on the 15th—it was untrue that the husband had told me this; he had never said any such thing, although I told her that he had—we are obliged to tell falsehoods to get truth, I swear that, and I could mention three cases that I have an object in now, where I have got the stolen property—the prisoner's wife did not at first deny that she had paid the prennn—she answered me off-hand, as I answer you—Mr. and Mrs. Whitewick were not present, I swear that, not during the conversation at all—Mr. Whitewick never came in till Mrs. Onley fainted away—she fainted away on a question I was asking her about the gentleman she paid the money to, whether it was an old or young gentleman.

Q. Will you persist in swearing that the prisoner's wife did not at fint say that she knew nothing about the matter, and then go into a fainting fit; and while she was in a half-insensible state, did not you reiterate the question? and was it not while she was in that state that she said "Yes"? A. Not at all—I swear that. I speak the truth—I have been fifteen years in the police, and never was contradicted before—I never told the prisoner's wife that it would benefit her husband—I told Mrs. Whitewick that I wanted to get at the date—Mrs. Whitewick came down, and I said to her, "Mr. Onley has sent me, stating that Mrs. Onley has changed a 5l. note to pay the policy"—Mrs. Whitewick then said "I recollect Mrs. Onley going out clean one day"—I then pressed her to

get at that date—she and her husband had a conversation on it, and came to the conclusion that it was on a day that her husband had a parcel sent from the country—I told the prisoner that his wife had admitted that the had paid the 5l. note for the premium—he said, "Oh, that woman will say anything to get me out of trouble, and put it on her own shoulders."

MR. SOLICITOR-GENERAL. Q. When had you searched the prisoner's house? A. On the 15th of Jan.—I found about 4l. 10s. in a drawer.
(William Wilkinson, surgeon; Samuel Gissing, oil and colourman, of No. 40, Hamilton-row, Bagnigge-wells-road; William Simpson, watch-manufacturer, of No. 6, Regent's-terrace, Islington; Frederick Barlow, mrveyor, of Gray's Inn-road; Francis Hancock, butcher, of No. 15, Copenhagen-street, Islington; and Thomas Hammond, carpenter and builder, of No. 9, Bride-street, Liverpool-road, Islington; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 35.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury on account of his previous good character.
—



Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Baron Parke.

