



1037. 




JOHN ROGERS
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering a certain building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



John Hillyer on the 
7th of March, at 

St. Botolph, Bishopsgate, and stealing 1 live tame fowl, price 1s. 6d.; the property of 



William Finch: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY FINCH
. I am the wife of William Finch, jeweller, at No. 20, Wide-gate-street, Bishopsgate, it is the dwelling-house of Mr. John Hillyer—on Saturday, March 7th, we had three fowls in a shed in the yard, which adjoins the house—I locked them up safe between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—about half-past ten o'clock that evening I and my daughter heard somebody come along the passage, and heard the fowls cackle—my daughter got up and ran out—the shed door was shut, and the prisoner was in the shed—she

went towards the shed, he threw the door open and came out, and said to her, "What is the matter?" she said, "You have got my fowl"—he said, "No, I have not, what is the matter with you?"—she went out to fetch her brother, and the prisoner threw the fowl down, but I did not see that—I am confident he is the man who came out of the shed—I never let him go out of my sight.





ELIZA JONES
. I am daughter of the last witness—I went out and saw the prisoner come out of the shed—I asked what he wanted there—he asked if I was foolish, I said, "No, you have been in there and opened the door with a false key, and you have got the fowl in your pocket"—he said he had not, and told me to search him—I did not do so, but put my hand down by the side of his coat, and there was nothing there, to cause me to think he had the fowl in his pocket—I went to fetch my brother, and my mother gave the prisoner in charge—there was a fowl with its head off about one yard from where he came out of the shed.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. The fowl was in the shed where the fowls are kept? A. Yes.





JOHN RANSOM
. I am an officer—I was called in—I found the fowl with its neck wrung off—I found some lucifers on the prisoner, and some under where he was standing—I found one lucifer in the water-butt and some skeleton keys under the water butt.





HARRY SPROSTBR
 (City police-constable, No. 636.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction in this Court—(read—Convicted 7tb April 1845, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.— Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

