



1983. 



FREDERICK EDWARDS



, feloniously receiving 3744 cards, value 19s. 2d., the goods of 



John Dickenson and another.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






NATHANIEL JAMES POWELL
. I am a stationer, and live in Whitechapel—I know the prisoner—I have purchased cards of him from 9th March to the 21st July, about six times in all—here are some of them—these are not all that I have left—I can swear I bought these of him at one time, and I believe on the 21st March, but I cannot swear positively to that, having bought the same sizes of him at different times—I know the make of Messrs. Dickenson's cards—these are their make—they are very well known in the market—I asked the prisoner where he got them—he said he had sold his business where he had been a printer for many years in Leman-street, Whitechapel, to Thomas Penny, and that he was unable to keep up his payments in cash, and he supplied him with cards which he had received from his brother, Henry Penny, who had them from Dickenson and Co., and he bad received them as part payment, instead of money, for the purchase of the printing business—I believed that, and bought the cards, having known the prisoner eight or nine years, and knowing he had parted with his business—I gave 32s. a gross for them, that is 16s. for this parcel, which is half-a-gross—the prosecutor's price would be 19s. for the half gross.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. What do you sell them at? A. The selling price would be 45s. per gross—these did not strike me as something remarkably cheap—I had no doubt about it being a fair transaction—I had known the prisoner eight years, and he had been known by our firm for a longer period—I know nothing against him—I swear that these cards are Messrs. Dickenson's make from my general knowledge of them, having dealt with them many years—they are called Dickenson's make—I should say they were the largest manufacturers in London—I presume they supply all the wholesale houses in London—the prisoner was at this time carrying on the business of a copperplate printer in Sydney-square—he did not profess to make a profit by selling these cards, but he said he wanted the money, and Thomas Penny could not pay him—that is not an uncommon mode of dealing with general stationery, but is not common with these cards—where there is a large manufactory, there are frequently goods of inferior make, and they arc sold off, but I never

knew it in the case of Dickenson's cards—we are manufacturers of accountbooks chiefly, and there are some injured in the make, and some of them are sold at a less price—there are persons who generally look out for that sort of goods.

MR. CLARKSON
Q. That is what you call job lots? A. Yes; I never knew an instance with Dickinson's cards—I used to deal largely with Dickenson's about six years ago.





THOMAS PENNY
. I purchased the prisoner's printing business of him—I did not in exchange for the business sell him these cards at 32s. a gross because I was not prepared to pay him—I never supplied him with any cards—I always paid him in money.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known him? A. Many years; I bought his business of him twelve months ago, for a certain sum, and had to pay it by instilments, which I kept up—I have a brother Henry, who is a stationer. and lives next door to this building—the prisoner has not been very well off within the last half-year.





THOMAS PATRICK
. I have examined these cards—they belong to Mr. John Dickenson and partner—they would be 19s. 1 1/2 d. the half-gross to the trade.

Cross-examined. Q. What makes you speak to them so positively? A. From the peculiar manufacture of them—the mark which is on these is on all the cards of our manufacture—Messrs. Dickenson's business is very large—they have been robbed to a great extent—they have lost 600l. worth of cards.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
