



2115. 




JOHN BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; 3 shirts, 10s.; 2 pairs of drawers, is.; 1 other shirt, 1s.; 3 pain of stockings, 2s.; and 1 bag, 2s.; the goods of 



William Lightfoot, in a vessel upon the river Thames; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM LIGHTFOOT
. I am a seaman, belonging to the Queen Victoria of Sunderland—she was in a wharf on the river Thames on the 2nd of Oct.—I slept in the cabin that night—the other man slept in the forecastle—I got up in the morning about six o'clock—I went into the forecastle—I saw a lot of lucifer-matches about, and the hatch was taken off—the man came out

of the forecastle and began to work, and about eight o'clock I went into the forecastle, and missed three shirts, two pairs of drawers, and the other things stated—they had been in a bag in the forecastle—I left them safe the night before, and a man slept there—these are the articles—they are mine—I do not know the prisoner.





GEORGE ROGERS
 (police-constable K 182.) About four o'clock in the morning, on the 2nd of Oct., I was coming up Worcester-street, Gravel-lane, which is nearly a quarter of a mile from where the prosecutor's vessel laid, which was at Stone-wharf—I heard some voices, and stood in a door-way—a young chap passed me, dressed in white, and he said, "Jack, it is all right, come on you b—y fool"—the prisoner came up some steps with this bag—I ran after him—he ran over the bridge, and dropped the bag—I took it, and pursued him—he was never out of my sight—as soon as I got him, he said, "It is not I, it was my mate that broke into the house"—I took him to the station, and found on him two lucifer-matches—this is the bag—it contains these trowsers and other things, which the prosecutor swears to.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Old Gravel-lane, and two chaps threw a bag away; I took it up, and the policeman took me.





THOMAS JOHN BLAKE
 (police-constable K 137.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerk en well—(read—Convicted 18th Nov.,1845, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

