



1706. 




MICHAEL CONNOR
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Temple Smith, on the 
24th of May, at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 frock, value 4s.; 1 shawl, value 4s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 6d.; 1 coat, value 1l. 1 pair of trowsers, value 15s.; and 1 waistcoat, value 6s.; his goods; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN TEMPLE SMITH
. On the 24th of May I occupied a room at No, 9, Stacey-street, in the parish of St. Giles-in-the-Fields—my daughter lived with me—my room-door opened on to the staircase on the first-floor—I could lock and unlock that door at my pleasure—other rooms in the house were let out to lodgers—on the 24th of May, I and my daughter went out a little before nine o'clock—I had a trunk in my room, locked, with clothes in it—the articles stated were safe in it when I left that morning—I had the key with me—on going out I locked the door after me, and took the key, till six o'clock in the evening; I then sent my daughter home, and gave her the key to let herself in—I did not go home till about eight—my daughter was there when I got home—she told me something—I went to the box, found it had been broken open and every thing in it was gone—the prisoner is my brother-in-law—I cannot tell where he lodged—not in that house—he had not been in the

habit of coining to my room that I know of—I do not know that he ever came there at all—I saw him that evening, about twenty minutes after I came home, by St. Giles's church—I was going to the station for a policeman, and saw him—I asked him if he had been in the room—he said he had not, he was never up in the room in his life—I know the witness Catherine M'Grath—I have seen her before—she was taken up on this charge, and discharged—the value of the things I lost was above 3l.

Prisoner. I never laid my hand on the things—I have been left in his room and never took things. Witness. That was at another apartment—he has been left there when his sister, my wife, was lying ill, but never alone—he never came to this house—I would not allow him.





JANET SMITH
. I shall be ten years old next Christmas—I am the daughter of the prosecutor, and live with him. On Monday evening, the 24th of May, I went out of the room with my father—he gave me the key of the room to go home—I went home about six o'clock and found the door open—it was locked when I and my father went out—I went to the box and found it broken open, and nothing in it—all the clothes were gone—it was locked when we went out in the morning—I had seen the things on Sunday morning, safe.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not bring me up into the room to scour it out, because you were not able to do it yourself, while your father was out? A. No.

Prisoner. It is true, and Mrs. Cooper will tell you the same.





MARGARET BUCKLEY
. I am eight years old—I live with my father, at No. 20, Church-street, St. Giles's, not very far from Stacey-street—I know the prisoner—I remember his coming, on the 24th of May, when I was at dinner—he asked me to lend him a key—I told him I could not till my mother was in—it was the key of the door of our room—it was in the door at the time—he said he was only going to unlock his door—I said again, I could not lend it till mother came home—with that he took it and went down stairs—I went to his father, and his father had not seen him all the day—I followed him to get the key back, and he was not there—I afterwards saw the key in the hands of a policeman—(a key produced)—this is the key of the door that he took away.

Prisoner. I did borrow the key, but she never came after it.





MART ANN COOPER
. I am married—I and my husband occupy two rooms in the same house as the prosecutor lives in, in Stacey-street. on the 24th of May, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I went to see my little boy to school, and on the top of the stairs I saw the prisoner—he had two keys in his hand, a street-door latch-key and a room-door key—the witness M'Grath was with him—I was close to him—I believe this key to be one of them—he had two on a string—he passed me, put the key into the prosecutor's door, undid it, and went into the room—M'Grath was at the bottom of the stairs at that time—he unlocked the door with one of the two keys he had on the string—I think this looks like the key, from what I saw of it.

Prisoner. Q. Have not you often seen me going into the room with the girl to scour the floor? A. Yes, many times, and the other girl too, and a great many dirty little children—that was the reason I forbid the girl to come up stairs—I have often seen you go into the prosecutor's room with Janet Smith, and have seen you at play together in the room—I cannot tell whether you washed the room—there has often been a great mess down the stairs.






JOHN THOMAS VITON
. I am an apprentice to David Jones, a pawn-broker, in High Holborn—I produce a gown and shawl pawned at our shop on the 24th of May, between six and seven o'clock in the evening—it was after five—it was pawned by a young man about eighteen or nineteen years old, in the name of John M'Mardy—it was not the prisoner.





GEORGE JOHN RESTEIAUX
 (police-constable E 49.) On Monday evening, the 24th of May, I was sent for, and went to Mr. Smith's room, about nine o'clock—I saw the prisoner there, and said I suspected he had committed the robbery—he said, "No, I have not"—I asked the prosecutor if he chose to charge him—he said, "No"—I took him the next day, Tuesday, with M'Grath, and took them to the station—I fetched Mrs. Cooper there—the prisoner said he had been in the room, but he did not take the things out—M'Grath said, "Yes, you did, I saw you bring them out in a blue handkerchief"—he said, "I don't deny that I was in the room, but I never took the things out—I afterwards went to the room occupied by the Buckleys, took the key out of their roomdoor, went to the prosecutor's room with it, and it opened his door—it was locked when I went, and I unlocked it with that key and went in"—I think Mrs. Cooper was by at the conversation between the prisoner and M'Grath—she was present when a similar conversation took place at Bow-street.

MRS. COOPER
re-examined. I heard what M'Grath said at the stationboose.





CATHARINE M'GRATH
. I am ten years old—I have come out of prison to give evidence—I live at No. 24, Church-street, St. Giles—I know the prisoner—I recollect seeing him one Monday in the last month—I do not I know what Monday it was—it was about three o'clock in the afternoon—he said if he had a key he could raise money—I said, "Where?"—he said he would show me—I went with him—he went to Margaret Buckley—I was playing in the street—he had a little key when he went there, and when he came back he had two keys—he said he had borrowed a key there—this is the key he came back with—he then went back to the church, and said he was going to call on Janet Smith—we went to No. 9, Stacey-street—I stood in the passage—he went up stairs—he came out on the landing—I said, "Come down"—he said his brother-in-law would won be in—I went out into the street, on the opposite side of the way—he looked out of the window of the prosecutor's room, and told me to go on—I stopped there, and he threw a pair of leather boots out at me, which I threw up again—before that, I had seen him go up stairs into Smith's room, on the one pair—he unlocked the door, went in, and locked it inside—I went up stairs and saw him through the key hole breaking open the box with a poker—he took out some clothes and put them into a blue handkerchief—he then came out of the room and came down stairs—he left the door open after him—he said his brother-in-law had sent him from Westminster, for these things—we went away together—(it was before I went up stairs that he spoke to me from the window)—he said he would spend 3d. coming along—when I got by Wood's-row I asked a gentleman what place that was—he said "Smithfield"—I said I would not go further with him—there was a man standing at the corner of a post—he said, "Look, that is my brother-in-law"—I saw him go into a shop in Petticoat-lane—I did not go in—I walked along, turned round, and looked into the shop—he opened the bundle in the shop,

and I walked along—he came after me, tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "I sold them things for 10s."—he had then a frock, a shawl, and a silk handkerchief, which he showed me, in a blue handkerchief—he had fewer things than he had before—we then came straight up Holborn, and he went into David Jones's with another boy—the other boy was standing at the corner of the street, and the prisoner asked him to go in—the prisoner went in and stood behind his back—he was a great deal taller than the prisoner—the other boy pawned the shawl and frock for 3s. 6d.—the prisoner came out again with half-a-crown in his hand, and told me not to tell—the other boy had 1s. in his hand—the prisoner tore the ticket and chewed it in his mouth and threw it down a gully-hole, in Bloomsbury— I had a penny of the money, and gave that up again—the prisoner changed 1s. out of the 10s. at a gin-shop, to give me the penny, and he bought a penny loaf coming along—we had no pies.

Prisoner. Q. Have you not said you had some pies in part of your journey with me? A. No—I had nothing but that penny—I left you by St. Giles's church and went home.





JOHN THOMAS VITON

re-examined. I only saw one boy in the shop—he was in the boxes, which is part of the shop partitioned off—a boy might stand behind him and I not see him.

Prisoner's Defence. On Monday evening, the 24th of May, I bought a dozen of cauliflowers and went to sell them—I came home at six o'clock—my brother came home and said I had robbed him—I went to his house—he sent for a constable, who said, "Have you any suspicion of this boy?"—he said, "No," and this girl went to the house next morning and said I had done it—I am innocent of it—the prosecutor has been tried here twice, and his word is not to be taken.





JOHN TEMPLE SMITH

re-examined. These things are my property, and were in my box that morning—I have never been tried here or any were else—some of these things belong to my father, who is ill, and were under my care.
—I am the prisoner's mother—the prosecutor is my son-in-law—he came to me last Tuesday night, and said he would not prosecute the prisoner, but would go out of the way to Edmonton for a fortnight, if I would pay him the money for the child's frock and shawl.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX

re-examined. I was present before Mr. Twyford, when the prisoner made a statement which was taken down in writing by the clerk—I saw Mr. Twyford sign it—it was read over to the prisoner, and he made his mark to it—the Magistrate ordered me to see him sign the statement—the prisoner was cautioned before he said any thing and that what he said would be taken down in writing—(read)—"The prisoner Connor says—on Monday Just I met the prisoner M'Gralh at eight o'clock in the evening, and again at three o'clock in the afternoon—she and I then went together to the prosecutor's room—I had got a key and opened the door—when we got into the room, she said to me,' Now, you open the box'—I did not do so, but ran down stairs."





GEORGE THORNTON
 (police-constable D 109.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the same person—I know him well.




GUILTY
.*** Aged 13.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Note. The prisoner has been repeatedly in custody, sentenced to Ten Years' transportation before.
