





355. 



GEORGE DAVIS,



 CHARLES DAVIS
, and 




ELIZA TRIGG
, were indicted for

 stealing 100 pieces of parchment, value 50l.; 200 pieces of paper, 50l.; 3 bedsteads, 5l. 5s.; 14 tables, 18l. 10s.; and other articles, value 148l. 12s.; the goods of 



His Grace, William, Archbishop of Cantebury.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Samuel Cook, and the 

Ordinary of the diocese.


MESSRS. DOANE
and
WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK SEACAMP DIXON
, solicitor, Ange-court, Throgmorton-street. I was acting for the late Captain Livingstone, of Brompton. On the 29th of Sept. the prisoner Charles Davis called for the purpose of my attending Captain Livingstone, and taking instructions for the preparation of his will—I went, and found Captain Livingstone very ill—he stated I might come another day—I went to his medical man, and asked if he thought he was in danger—I then returned to the captain, and pressed upon him the necessity of making a short will, but he declined it, and told me to come on the Monday—Charles Davis came to my house early on Monday morning, and said the captain was dead—I saw the body myself—Charles Davis wished me to call to give him advice as to how he was to act under the circumstances—I attended at the house, and found Charles Davis there and Trigg, who was servant there—they

asked me what they should do—I told them to give notice to the registrar of the district, to take care of the property, and I would write to his friend, Mr. Colville, the registrar of the Court of Chancery—I wrote that day, and on the following Wednesday Mr. Colville, Jun., accompanied me there—I saw Charles Davis and Trigg, and directions were given by Mr. Colville, in my presence, to them, that his father was willing to bury the captain, as a friend, knowing him in his lifetime, and to send for some respectable undertaker—Charles Davis said his father would wish to have the conducting of the funeral—Mr. Colville consented, and told him to send for his father, and his father attended—Mr. Colville told the father he did not wish the funeral to be a very expensive one, as his father would advance the money—he gave him 5l., and said, "Apply that towards the expenses of the funeral"—I suggested that we should teal up the scrutoire and two tin boxes—I and Mr. Colville sealed them in Charles Davis's pretence—I am not aware what was in the tin boxes—I did not examine them—I opened the lid, and found they contained papers—I put in the scrutoire an agreement on paper, under seal, made between the late Captain Livingstone and Mr. Herman—I did not see say parchments in the boxes—they were large deed-boxes—I did not look in them particularly—there was furniture in the house—Trigg asked for mourning.





EDWARD DOD COLVILLE
, Jun. I live at Sydenham—my father is Registrar of the Court of Chancery—he has been intimate lately with Captain Livingstone—in consequence of a letter, I went to the late captain's residence on the 4th of Oct.—I met Mr. Dixon there, and found Charles Davis and Trigg on the premises—I undertook that my father should pay the funeral expenses, and arranged with Charles Davis that his father should arrange the funeral—I advanced 5l. on account of it—I saw several papers, and I think I saw one or two parchments, at the bottom of the tin boxes—there were so many papers, that it appeared a complicated affair—I went to the house again on the following Wednesday—Charles Davis answered the door, and another person who is not present—there is a fore-court to the house, and they refused to let me in—I asked Charles Davis by what authority he kept me out—he answered to the effect that he had as much right there as I had, and asked what right I had—I asked him by what authority he refused to allow me to enter, that I came to take possession of the goods for the benefit of the estate—he said he bad as much right there as I had—I consulted with another friend who was with me, and told Charles I should not interfere in the matter, that I should confer with Mr. Bourdillion, and advised him to take care what he was about, as I thought he would get into considerable difficulty—I asked if he had buried the captain according to my directions—he answered he had buried him in a much better way than I had directed.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know there has been an extent issued against Cook? A. I do not know what an extent is—the Crown has not taken any steps—this is the first word I have heard of it, to the best of my recollection—I went on the first day, and on asking Charles for the key, he said he would rather I would seal up the scrutoire, than give me the key—I am not able to say whether he refused to give up the key or not—he might have locked up the scrutoire in my presence, but I sealed it afterwards.

MR. DOANE. Q. What key were you talking about? A. The key of the scrutoire—there was a discussion, about whether I should take the key or seal it up, and he said he would rather I should seal it up.





JOWAN ROACH LYNCH
. I am a surgeon—I have attended Captain Livingstone—on the Wednesday alter the burial, I went to his house, in Pelham-place,

Brompton—I had been informed he was dead—I stood at the gate, and asked to get in—I saw Charles Davis—he said he would not allow me to come in—I asked him by what authority he refused me, being an old medical attendant and friend of the captain—I said, "Is it by authority of Mr. Colville or Mr. Bourdillion?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Why do you keep me out? you don't think I will steal anything"—he said, "I won't let you in till I know to whom the property belongs, I am keeping it for the rightful owner"—I said I had heard the things were being made away with—he said, "It is a lie"—I then turned back, under an impression that the captain was not buried, and I said, "Will you not let me see his body?"—he said, "I will not let you in at all"—I said, "Has the captain made a will, or left his property to any one?"—he said, "No."





MARGARET CAROLINE COOX
. I am the wife of Samuel Cook. There was some of his property in the house of the late Captain livingstone, in Pelham-place, Brompton—I have seen some of it since this inquiry, at a house at Prospect-place, Old Brompton, which is occupied by Ayley—amongst the property were two candlesticks, a pair of snuffers, seven forks, a chimney ornament, two salt-cellars, two decanters, 300 newspapers, one feather-bed, 100 books, two yards of carpet, and other things—I also saw some things at Clark's, the auctioneer's—some of them were my husband's, and some Captain Livingstone's—I resided in the captain's house up to Feb. last, and then left—I have not been there since—I have only passed it once since—my husband's property was in the house when I left in Feb.—Trigg was in the captain's service when I was there. In consequence of information from Dr. Lynch, I went to the captain's house about eight at night, on the 11th of Oct., but did not go in—I saw Trigg assisting at the hall door, and several men—I do not know whether Charles Davis was there—they were removing printed books and papers from the house into a van—I caused some of the police to follow the van—on the following Friday I went to the first-floor front room of the house in Prospect-place—I saw the same papers and books there that I had seen placed in the van—some of them belonged to my husband—the others belonged to Captain Livingstone—I had seen them in his house—I found a bed and other things there—I then caused Trigg and Charles Davis to be taken into custody—a day or two after, I got a search-warrant, and went to the house of George Davis, in Pond-place, Chelsea, and saw some other property.

Cross-examined. Q. Who is your attorney? A. Mr. Steel—I am the prosecutrix of this indictment, as far as my husband is concerned—I do not know that any one else employed Mr. Steel—my husband is in the Queen's Bench—he has been there between twelve snd thirteen years—he has been in the Fleet for not answering a suit in Chancery, and he was removed to the Queen's Bench—I have not borrowed money of the late Captain Livingstone—I swear that—I have had money of him—I cannot tell how often—it was for the purpose of housekeeping—I never had money from him on any goods I claimed to be mine—I first left the capta n last March twelve months, and he sent for me again last Jan.—he was very ill at the time—I finally left in Feb., by my own desire, and by desire of my friends—the captain did not desire me to leave—it was the wish of my eldest son—I had been living in that house with Captain Livingstone about three years—I never borrowed any money, or had any advances of him, nor had advances of him on any goods of my husband's or mine—I have not had as much as some hundreds of pounds from the captain, that I know of—I used to live in the drawing-room, and dined with him sometimes—we were on friendly terms—I never lived with him on any other but friendly terms, in the ordinary sense of the

word—I was not his housekeeper—I lived there for the protection of my property—I never was under his protection—the signature to this paper is mine.

Q. What does all this mean? "Whereas, my husband, Samuel Cook, being now a prisoner for debt, and being in want of money for the support of himself, and me, and his family, he authorized me, from time to time, to raise money on certain articles of furniture and books, and in consequence of Mr. Jeremiah Livingstone's having advanced to me various sums of money amounting to 76l., I do deposit with him the following books, manuscripts," &c. A. These were the books belonging to my husband—Messrs. Amory's, the solicitors, were to have had these books in their possession, for which they sent 20l. through the hands of Mr. Livingstone, and Mr. Amory holds these books now.

Q. How much have you had sinee this was dated—500l.? A. No, I have never had 500l.—I cannot say whether I have had 300l. since 1834, when this is dated, but it was not for my purposes—I left Mr. Livingstone by the advice of my friends—I heard I was charged with having taken away a deed of conveyance, of my husband's—I was charged with taking a bond at the same time, but nothing else—they were missed a few days before I left—it might be about Jan. last.

Q. Were you not in the habit of breaking sealed letters addressed to Mr. Livingstone? A. Not but by his desire—I opened a letter in his presence by his desire, and answered that same letter to the gentleman—I never was applied to for any keys of Mr. Livingstone's, which had been lost—I never had any keys—I had that bond in my possession which I was charged with having taken—Mr. Livingstone gave it me to take down to the Rev. Mr. Donald, at St. Alban's—I did not take it out of the scrutoire—Mr. Living-stone gave it me, and I brought it to him again—I took it for the purpose of obtaining some money on it, but I did not obtain it—I handed it back to Mr. Livingstone again, and after that Mr. Colville had it in his possession at the Court of Chancery—Mr. Colville told me himself that he got it from the hands of Mr. Livingstone, and the deed too—I never was ordered by Mr. Livingstone to leave the house—to the last moment he solicited me to remain, in the presence of Trigg—I had not been living upon Mr. Livingstone for above ten years—I was living on my own means, which he obtained upon my papers—he was not in a condition to lend me money but on my papers—I might write to him in 1835 to get money of him—I was then seeking to get money on our papers.

Q. Look at these receipts for money you have had from Captain Livingstone—A. I am aware of them all, Sir—they are all fictitious—I was made to sign and do anything—these letters are my signature—I acknowledge them all.

MR. DOANE. Have you ever been charged before a Magistrate with taking these things? A. No—the books referred to in this agreement are in the charge of Mr. Amory—I never lived improperly with Captain Livingstone—my daughter and sons were living there—Mr. Amory has visited me there, and Mrs. Coles was with me in the house—Captain Livingstone stood godfather to my youngest daughter—the Captain was always in difficulties of a pecuniary nature—he had but 40l. a-year to live on—the object of my going to live there was to take care of these documents—the money I had was for the purpose of keeping the house.





FREDERICK JAMES CLARK
. On the llth of Oct., in consequence of a message, I went to Pelham-place—some servant let me in, and I saw Charles Davis—I told him I had come down to take instructions to sell the furniture by auction, having understood he was the sole representative of Captain Livingstone—he asked me how long it would take—I said about ten days or

a fortnight—he replied that he had many things to pay, he had no money to pay them with, and he wished it to take place sooner—he said, was it out of order for me to buy the things?—I said, "Certainly not; I can buy them if you please; but it I buy them I shall have to remove them to London to sell, by which there will be a loss of, at least, thirty per cent, and it would be better they should be sold on the premises;" but he nrged they should be sold—I went home and made a valuation of the property, and offered him 72l.—he accepted it—this document was signed between us—in consequence of that, I sent a van and took the things on the 11th—I took them to my premises, after paying the rent and tuxes—I gave my clerk cash and a blank cheque to pay it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. It was by direction of Charles Davis that you paid the rent and taxes? A. I cannot speak for certainty—I was not there—I think Charles Davis received about 50l.—there were no directions to keep it secret—I sent my van about three o'clock in the afternoon, and it was got away about six—(agreement read)—"I agree to take 72l. for the furniture as above described, and hereby authorise you to remove the same.—CHARLES DAVIS."






SARAH ATLEY
. I am the wife of Joel Ayley, of Prospect-place, Old Brompton. Charles Davis took a room in my house on the 11th of Oct.—he said it was to remove some goods to, which had been left to him by a gentleman—some goods came that day—I saw a female there—I cannot speak to her—next morning I saw Charles Davis there again, and some other man—there was a cart there, and one chair; a feather-bed, and a lot of papers, were brought—theroom was full—I did not see the cart go away.





JOEL AYLEY
. I am husband of Sarah Ayley. I heard of the cart coming there on the 12th—I saw one man—I saw two tin japanned boxes carried away—I was up stairs, and looking over the bannisters.





JAMES SKELTON
 (police-sergeant B 4.) I know the prisoners—I saw the property removed from Captain Livingstone's house on the 11th of Oct.—I took the name and number of the van—I went to Prospect-place on the 13th with Mrs. Cook, and she identified the property in a room there—I have every reason to believe it was the property I had seen removed—after that I took Charles Davis into custody—I told him it was for stealing a quantity of papers, books, and furniture—he said he supposed Mrs. Cook had done this—I said she had—he said, unless she gave him 1000l., he would not give her the papers up, and that the late captain had given him every thing in the house, and he had got witnesses to prove it—I took Trigg, and she made the same statement about the papers, and that she had witnesses to prove that the things were given to Charles.





MORRIS MULCAHAY
 (policeman.) I know where Captain Livingstone lived—on the day after he died I rang at the bell, and saw Charles Davis—I asked if Captain Livingstone was dead—he said, "Yes, he died yesterday"—I asked if Mr. Colville had been acquainted with it—he said, yes, there had been a gentleman at the house yesterday, and he expected two that day, at he was waiting for orders.





JOHN WILLIAM NICHOLL
. I officiated as clerk to the Magistrate when the prisoners were examined—I took down what Charles Davis said—(read)—"Charles Davis says, 'I do not mean to tell where the deeds and papers are.' "

MR. CLARKSON
called

----WOLF. I am articled clerk to Mr. Flower, the attorney. I delivered to the solicitor for the Ordnance, two boxes of papers, which I obtained from Charles Davis—I have done all in my power to get all

the papers from Charles Davis that be possessed—I have a letter from the solicitor acknowledging the receipt of it.

MR. DOANE. Q. You were before the Magistrate on this case? A. Yes—I remember Mr. Steele being there—there was something said about the property, I do not know what.





JAMES M'CABE
, tailor, Pond-place, Chelsea. I am brother-in-law to Charles Davis—in consequence of applications made by him to me, I went to Captain Livingstone's house, three weeks before his death, to assist him in and out of bed—I slept on the premises—he died on the 2nd of Oct.—Charles Davis and Trigg were there—I went into Captain Livingstone's room on several occasions—on Saturday evening, about the 30th of Sept., three days before the captain died, there was a ring at the bell—my wife, Charles Davis, Trigg, and I, went into the room—the captain was in bed—he said he wished to give the keys to Charles, and he was to take possession of every thing—he said, "Charles, I give these keys to you; you are to keep them, and take possession of every thing; be sure and keep Mrs. Cook out"—Charles said he was very much obliged—the captain said he had been a good servant to him the time he had been with him, and he should make him all the recompence he could—about three o'clock, on the following day, the bell rang—I and my wife went up—the captain said he wished to leave these things in writing to Charles, and called to Trigg for a pen, ink, and paper—they were brought, and he endeavoured to write, but was not able—he was up—he said he was sorry to think he was not capable of writing, and Charles said, "Never mind, captain, I am much obliged to you for what you have done"—there was only a stroke or two of writing made—I left the room—the captain appeared to know what he was saying and doing, but he was very infirm.

MR. DOANE. Q. Your wife is here, I suppose? A. Yes—I had only known the captain three weeks previous to his death—my wife was engaged as nurse to him by Trigg—I am not able to say how long Charles Davis had lived with him—I do not know where he lived before he went there—I had no association with him previous to that—I cannot tell where he was seven weeks before the captain died, nor eight months, nor twelve months—the captain rang the bell for me to go up—he told me so—Charles Davis was in the bed-room—it was about six o'clock on Saturday night—I had had my tea down in the kitchen—I cannot say what time I had tea—when the bell rang my wife and I were in the kitchen—I went up first and my wife followed—we went into the captain's bed-room and found Davis and Trigg there by the side of the bed—the captain was in bed—I went into the room first—the captain spoke first—the moment we got in the room he said, "I wish to give Charles every thing"—I will not swear that that was the first thing; it was, to the best of my knowledge—Charles said, "I am very much obliged to you"—I cannot say who was the next to speak—I never was at a death-bed before—I was not there all the time—I went down stairs after the captain had said that—that was all that transpired before I left the room—I left Charles Davis, Trigg, and my wife in the room—I did not go in the room again that night—I went into the kitchen and the other three came down in about half an hour—I do not know the time—they came down together—we had no conversation about what took place—Charles said he was very much obliged to the captain, he thought he was very kind—I went out into the yard for a little walk—I slept in the house and was there entirely—I came back into the kitchen from the yard—I saw Charles Davis, Trigg and my wife—I had no conversation about this matter—about three on Sunday the bell rang—we were all down in the kitchen—Charles Davis or Trigg generally answered the bell—Trigg went up on that occasion—we all followed, because we thought there was something

amiss with the captain—I said I thought the captain must have tumbled out of bed—I, and my wife, and Charles Davis went up together—I went into the bed-room and found Trigg there by the captain's bed—the captain said he wished to get up and go down stairs—Charles said he thought he was not capable of going down, it would be too much fatigue—we then took him out of bed, assisted in dressing him, and set him on a chair—he said, "Charles, I want to write this down in writing," and he asked Trigg for a pen and ink—she fetched it—he was not capable of writing—he said, "I am very sorry to think I am not capable of writing"—Charles said, "Never mind, captain, I am very much obliged to you all the same"—there was a table and inkstand brought before him—that was all—we got the captain in bed, and all four of us assisted in undressing him—I should think the whole of this took about two hours, and then we all came down stairs into the kitchen—I left my wife there—I went down by myself to the kitchen, and left my wife and the other two—I should think they remained with the captain about half an hour, and then they all three came down—it was before our tea time—I believe the captain had some barley tea given him—there was no further conversation than what I have told you—I was not there all the time on Sunday—I was not present at any other conversation on the Sunday—I did not see any thing more of the captain alive—I work for myself—I have made clothes for Mr. Coley, who lives at Old Brompton—I cannot say exactly whereabouts—I am not able to say what I made for him last I was at work for him last Wednesday or Thursday—I did not take it home—I am not able to say who did—I made a pair of trowsers—I made them at Mr. Coley's house at Brompton—I do not know where—I have worked for Mr. Taylor, I made something for him a twelvemonth ago.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Are Mr. Taylor and Mr. Coley masters? A. Yes, and I made these things there—I did not know where Charles Davis lived, for I was some distance from him—I saw the keys delivered to him bv Capt. Livingstone—I am not in a fit state to be before any Court—I am afflicted in my side, and have been under the doctor's bands for four or five years—I do not profess to give an account of every word—when Charles Davis came down he said he was much obliged to the captain for what he had done for him.





ANN M'CABE
. I am the wife of James M'Cabe. I was in Captain Livingstone's service some time before his death—in the beginning of Sept. Charles Davis and Trigg were there—on Saturday evening, the 30th of Sept., previous to the captains death, there was a ring at the bell—we were down stairs—I went up, and my husband and Charles Davis, to the captain's bed-room—he was in bed in a very weak state—Trigg, Charles Davis, my husband, and I were in the room—the captain said he wished us to come to his bedside—he called to Charles Davis—he went to his bedside—we all went—the captain said, "Charles, come here, I want you"—Charles went—he held the keys up to Charles, and said, "Take these keys, they are yours, the furniture, and every thing in the house is yours; take possession of it, and keep Mrs. Cook out"—I am certain, as near as I can recollect, that these were the words used—Charles said, "Thank you, I am much obliged to you"—he took the keys, and put them into his pocket—we shortly after all went down but Trigg, who remained with the captain—when we got down Charles said he was very much obliged to him, the captain always promised to be kind to him for his kindness to him, and the captain had often repeated to me before this that he should be kind to Charles, because Charles had been kind to him I afterwards saw the keys in Charles's possession down stairs—he continued to have

possession of them till after the captain died—on Sunday afternoon Trigg rang the bell—I went up to see what was wanted—she said the captain wished to get up and be dressed—my husband and I went up—Charles came up afterwards when we rang for him—(I am giving an account to the best of my recollection)—we all assisted to dress the captain, and he walked into the next room with our assistance—he came back into the room, and wished Trigg to fetch him a pen, ink, and paper—she fetched it from the parlour—the captain wished to hate put down what he left to Charles—he tried to write, but was not able—he said, "Charles, I am not able to write now, but never mind, it will be all right"—he did not appear capable of writing—Charles took the pen out of his hand, and said, "Never mind, captain, you are not able"—we then all assisted to undress him, and persuaded him to go to bed, he seemed so much worse.

COURT. Q. Where was the pen and ink brought to? A. To the table in the front bed-room, where the captain slept—he did not say any thing about Mrs. Cook, except on the Monday evening before his death, when there was a loud noise, of knocking at the door—the captain got out of bed and locked himself in.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You are sister to Charles Davis? A. Yes—I believe he was living in Camden-square before he went to live with the captain—I am not aware where he lived—I had not seen him for two or three months—before he went to live there he came to me—he was working as a mason for some one in Erompton-fields—he went to work at a mason's about seven or eight months before the captain's death—I will not swear he was in the captain's service seven weeks before his death—I was not there—he was there three weeks while I was there—it was the captain's wish some one should be there, and Trigg sent forme—I had not known her—I do not know whether she uas acquainted with Charles—she was taken into custody at my husband's house—I was not examined before the Magistrate—I was not able to go—I have no doubt I saw the captain with the keys on Saturday evening—we were all four present—Charles had the keys in his hand when he came down into the kitchen—Trigg remained with the captain all the time—I and my husband and Charles Davis came down into the kitchen between six and seven o'clock—I did not part company with my husband from the time of my being in the captain's room till we came down into the kitchen—my husband went out about an hour after—I do not know where he went to—Trigg let him out at the front door—I remember his coming in—Trigg let him in—I think he returned about eleven o'clock—he left me in the kitchen when he went out—I never lost sight of him from the time we were in the bed-room till he left to go out—we had our tea on Saturday evening after we came down, about seven o'clock—we all drank tea together—that was what my husband waited for—on Sunday afternoon my husband, Charles, and I were in the next room to the captain's—Trigg went into his room first—she came in, and said she wished me to come in and assist the captain up—we had been in that room the whole day—we lit a fire there early in the morning—we all three of us went from that back bed-room into the captain's—I or my husband did not make any remark about any accident happening to the captain—I helped the captain out of bed—he said he should like to be got up and go down stairs—he was got up, and we assisted him into the back bed-room—he remained there a few minutes.
Johannah Bradshaw, wife of a publican, Leader-street, Chelsea, gave Trigg a good character. Samuel Sandall, undertaker, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square; Charles Warman, domestic in the House of Commons: Richard

Davis, silk dyer; John Chapel, smith, Leader-street; James Dixon, plasterer, Pond-terrace; gave Charles and George Davis good characters.

GEORGE DAVIS—


NOT GUILTY
.

CHARLES DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

ELIZA TRIGG—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.





Transported for seven Years.


Sixth Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.

