




2376. 




THOMAS GRIFFITHS
 and 




WILLIAM EAST
 were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Alphonso Doxat, on the 
15th of September, at 
Low Layton, about the hour of three o'clock in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 sugar-sifter, value 10s.; 1 wine-strainer, value 1l.; 4 spoons, value 15s.; 2 pairs of boots, value 2l.; and 1 snuffer tray, value 1l.; his goods.






THOMAS GREEN
. I am butler, in the service of John Alphonso Doxat, of Layton, in Essex, in the parish of Low Layton. On Monday the 16th of September I came down a little after six o'clock to open the house

—it might be ten minutes after, or it might be only six—I found the kitchen door unchained and unlocked, but not open—there was a bottle of orange wine on the mat close to the door—the store-room door was broken open—the lock had been burst—two holes were cut in the door at each bolt, top and bottom—by getting into the store-room they could get all over the house—I missed from the store-room a silver funnel, a snuffer-tray, tea-spoons from the kitchen, and two pairs of boots—about an hear after, the prisoners were brought to the house by the gardener—the constable came and took a silver spoon out of Griffiths's pocket, and a pair of boots were found on his feet, belonging to one of the young gentleman—he said they were his own—I found an old pair of boots left in the hall which do not belong to the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure the place was shut up the night before? A. Yes—I did it myself, between 11 and 12 o'clock—I fastened all the doors and windows—I was the last person up—there is no place called High Layton, but there is a Laytonstone—John Alphonso Doxat is the proprietor of the house—the boots belong to his son, who has the same name.





ELISHA NOYCE
. I am gardener in the prosecutor's service. I was in a field adjoining the house soon after six o'clock in the morning of the 16th, and saw the prisoners get over the prosecutor's wall, leading from the dairy to the lawn, in a direction from the house—they ran across the lawn and over the walk—I ran across the field and headed them—they got over a fence—I turned them back, and they ran towards Temple Mills, and hid themselves in a hedge—I lost them—I went to the railroad, and gave information, and saw the railroad men tracing them—before I could get up they were secured—I took a clasp-knife From the hand of East.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. How far were you from them when they were getting over the wall? A. Three hundred yards then—I got within one hundred yards—I lost sight of them, and when I saw them again, they were about five hundred yards off—there were bushes about, but not trees.





GEORGE PEARCE BULL
. I am the prosecutor's under-gardener. In consequence of what Green told me, I went after Noyce, and saw the prisoners about three-quarters of a mile from the house coming down a field from the railway—they passed me on the road—Griffiths had lime on his coat—I turned round and said, "You are the men I want"—they made a start, and got over the ditch—I attempted to get over the ditch—East put his hand in his pocket, and said, "You b———, if you come here I will stab you"—they crossed the marsh, and I after them—the railroad men took East, and I took Griffiths—before I got up to him he threw something away on his right hand, and something on the left into the river—a tea-spoon was picked up, and I afterwards went with the police-constable and found a gimlet exactly on the spot in the river where he threw something, and that exactly fitted the hole in the door—I saw the sifter found on him—I went to the river to a hay-stack, where" I first accosted them, and there found a pair of boots.





THOMAS MEREDITH
. I am a constable. The parish is called Low Layton. I found a silver sugar-sifter on Griffiths, and a pair of boots on his feet—he said the boots were his own—I found a silver wine-strainer in the ditch in the field, in the direction Bull said they had run, and in the same field I found these five keys—I found in the river this gimlet,

which exactly corresponds with the marks on the door—there were several holes bored—it would take some time to make the holes—I also found the cut of a knife on the door, and the knife found on East corresponded with it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is there a parish called High Layton? A. I do not know.





JOHN AYRES
. I am a policeman. I was called to the prosecutor's house—I found the handle of the sugar-strainer on the mat—I went round the walk, and found a bottle of ale or something.

GRIFFITHS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

EAST—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

