





1031. 




JOHN LAWERENCE
 and 




ERNEST SULTZ
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 sovereign, the monies of 



Julia Elizabeth Hammond, from her person.


MR. DOANE
Conducted the Prosecution.






MARTHA LOUISA HAMMOND.
 On 1st April I got into an omnibus, at Hungerford-market, with my sister—the two prisoners got in before it started—I sat at the top of the omnibus, at the left hand corner—my sister sat on the seat that run down the side opposite to me—Lawrence sat next to my sister, and Sultz sat opposite to Lawrence, and next to me—as we were going along I felt something at my bag—which was in my lap—I felt Sultz, who was next to me, touching my bag—he had a clock on, but I distinctly felt him several times, and I moved the bag—Sultz saw me, and I saw him touch the toe of his companion—that excited my suspicion, and I watched them both—I saw Lawrence doing something at the side of my sister, with his right hand crossed before him—Sultz was then watching What Lawrence was about, very anxiously indeed—Sultz did not touch me again, he sat wrapped up in his cloak—I saw he was watching Lawrence, and he appeared to wish to attract my attention from Lawrence—I then saw Lawrence draw his hand from my sister's side, and distinctly put something into his left hand waistcoat pocket—I then said to my sister, "Lend me some money"—I did not wish to be precipitate—my sister did not do it immediately, and I asked her again to give me her purse—she pulled it put of her pocket, and I saw immediately that her sovereign was gone—I saw that the purse was empty—I knew she had a sovereign in that purse as I saw it before we got into the omnibus—I saw the rings were quite at the bottom of the purse I immediately turned to Lawrence and said, "Sir, you have abstracted a sovereign from my sister's purse, out of her pocket"—he denied it—I said "Yes, and you put it into your left hand waistcoat pocket; I saw you do it"—he said it was a mistake, I must make a mistake; he had two or three sovereigns of his own—I immediately turned to Sultz, and said, "Yes, sir, and you attempted to rob my bag"—he denied it, and was very impudent indeed—I was very hasty, and applied to some gentleman to have the omnibus stopped—the prisoners were at last taken to the station house, and given into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Where had you come from?—A. From Hungerford-market—I had come from my father's, No. 12, Middlesex-place, New-road—my sister had her purse—I had seen it in the course of the day, and saw money in it before we entered the omnibus—she asked me to pay the omnibus for her—I wanted her to get change—she took her purse in her hand—she had spent all her silver, and had but the sovereign—I had some silver myself—her purse was an ordinary slide-purse—she had a little reticule in her hand, and the purse in her pocket—the omnibus was full—the people were sitting quite close—the prisoners got in at Hungerford -market—the omnibus was nearly full then—only one person came in afterwards.





JULIA ELIZABETHI HAMMOND
—On 1st April, I accompanied my sister into the omnibus at Hungerford-market—I sat at the top, in the corner, and my sister on the other side—the prisoners came in—Lawrence sat next to me, and Sultz sat opposite to him—when we got to Regent-street, my sister asked me to lend her some money—I had one sovereign in a purse in my pocket, on the side next to Lawrence—I took no notice of what my sister said—she said again in a quick way, "Give me your purse"—I put my hand into my pocket, and pulled out my purse—I saw the two rings of it to gether,

and the sovereign was gone—it was safe in the purse when I got into the omnibus, and the rings were in their proper place.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Had you the same dress on that you have now? A. No—the purse was not then tied in a knot—I tied it up at the station to keep the rings on—I had only one sovereign in it—I had brought that from home in the morning—I had had my purse out in Hungerford-market—I took it out to show my sister that I had no silver—she wanted me to get change, Which I refused to do—I said to her, "You pay for me"—I did not take the sovereign out of the purse—I held the purse up and said, "See, I have no silver."

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. The omnibus was nearly full when you got in? A. Yes; only three I believe came in afterwards—it went off in a minute or two after it was full—I made way for a lady, and I got close to Lawrence.





THOMAS BYRNE.
 I was in the omnibus—I sat next to the door—when we reached the Quadrant I heard some lady's voice in a very excited manner—I said to a lady opposite me, "What is the matter up yonder"—she said "That lady charges some gentleman with robbing her sister of a sovereign"—I suggested that a policeman should be got—I observed Lawrence rise, and he was about coming out—I said, "No passing this way, sir, till a police man comes"—I said, "This must be inquired into"—Lawrence resumed his seat immediately.





STEPHEN FULLER.
 I was conductor to the omnibus—I was told to cell a policeman—I drove to the station-house at Marylebone.





PAUL JONES
 (Police-constable D 37.) I was at the station, and the prisoner Lawrence was reported to me as the person who had picked this lady's pocket in the omnibus—I took him into the station—he said, "Wait, just let me pay the buss first"—he paid two penny pieces—I searched the omnibus and found nothing—the other sister said Sultz attempted to take her bag—I found on Lawrence a sovereign and half-sovereign, in his left hand waistcoat pocket, and two shillings and two sixpences in his right hand waistcoat pocket, two half-crowns in his right hand trowsers pocket; a knife, a comb, two keys, a pencil, and a handkerchief in his other different pockets, and two diamond rings on his fingers—I found some money on Sultz.

LAWRENCE—


GUILTY.* Aged 26.

SULTZ—


GUILTY.* Aged 19.
✗



Transported For Seven Years.

