




1249. 




JAMES HAZELL
 and 




JOHN GASPAR
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of March, 1 jacket, value 25s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 20s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 hat, value 2s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 pair of boots, value 7s.; 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the property of 



Thomas Bell.






THOMAS BELL
. I am a sailor, belonging to the Queen Victoria, of Aberdeen, On the 11th of March I came to London—about ten or eleven o'clock I met some person whom I do not know, they called him Jack—he introduced me to a lodging-house where he was himself—the two prisoners were there—they told me to go to bed, and I should be safe in the morning—I did so, and about an hour after Gaspar came and looked over me in the bed—Hazell was behind him, and took my boots—I did not halloo out to them, as I thought it was no harm—I had put my things under my head, that they might be safe in the morning, as Gaspar told me—I had tied the door, as Gaspar told me, but they had cut the string—I got up in the morning, and all my things were gone, and the prisoners too—I do not know who took any thing but the boots.

Gaspar. Q. When I met you did I stop you and take you to a place? A. Yes—we went to one public-house, and then to another—I had 5s. or 6s.—I had 3s. 6d. when I went to bed—I paid you 1s. for my supper, and gave you a share of two pots of beer—all that was left in the morning was my keys—a servant of the house took me to bed—you forbid me to give my things to the mistress, but told me to put them under my head, and they would be safe—you came up without a light—I saw you open the door—it was light enough to see you—there was a sky-light above where I lay—it was moon-light—I saw you take the boots—I did not speak to you, because you pretended to be a friend.





MART ANN SIEX
. I lodge at this house. I remember Gaspar came home with the prosecutor—Hazell was in the house at the time—I heard them talk together most of the evening, they said it would be a pity for any one to meddle with his clothes, and they would take care no one should—they drank together—the prosecutor wanted some supper, and the prisoners fetched a loaf and some sausages—the prosecutor gave them the money—about two o'clock Hazell came into my room, and took off his shoes, and left them by my bed-side—I do not know whether he put on the boots—he went to Sal's bed-side, and said to her, "Get up, we are going to nail the sailor"—she said she would have nothing to do with it—about six o'clock in the morning the prosecutor came into my room, and asked me where the man was that brought him there—I said he slept in the next room, and the prisoners were gone, they had not come to bed at all that night.

Gaspar. Q. How long was I in the house? A. Five or six weeks—the prosecutor was only there one night.





EMMA BROWN
. I lodge at this house. I was sleeping in the adjoining bed to Gaspar—he went to his wife, and told her he was going to rob the sailor—he went out again, and came in again, and said the sailor should

only have 2s.—he undressed himself, and went out again, he came in again, and said he should dress himself in the sailor's clothes, and should be in the coffee-shop till the morning.

Gaspar. Q. Do you mean to say you saw me come into the room? A. Yes—I went to bed about half-an-hour before the sailor—you said to your wife, "I am going to rob the sailor," and she began to cry, and said, "His but and shoes are under the bed"—I cannot tell what you did with your clothes—your wife went to bed after me—I do not know whether it was morning—I saw you go out of the room without your clothes.

Gaspar's Defence. I had lodged there seven or eight weeks; Hazell had only been there one night—I met the prosecutor, who asked where he could get a lodging. I took him to where I lodged; we had our supper, and I said to him, "If you will take my advice, put your clothes under your head, as we always do;" he was taken to bed by the servant-girl, who has run away since; there was no light in the room, and he could not see me; he never said one word when he saw this man take his boots; Brown is not to be believed—she says she heard me say I was going to rob the sailor, and why did she not tell the man by the side of her to go and tell the sailor? She said she would get me transported.

Hazell's Defence. I know nothing about it; I wished to go to bed before this prisoner and the sailor came home, but they said they had no candlestick; my shoes were under the bed before the sailor came home.

HAZELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

GASPAR—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.




Transported for Seven Years.
