



1942. 




SOLOMON LEVY



, for a robbery upon 



Gustavus Goldberg, putting
him in fear, and stealing from his person watch, value 6l.; and 2 sovereigns; his property.



MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






GUSTAVUS GOLDBERG
 (by an interpreter). I am a merchant, at 8, Duke-street, Aldgate. On 18th Aug., between ten and eleven in the morning—I met the prisoner, in Bishopsgate-street—he led me to Bury-street—he said "There are two policemen waiting for you, and there is a reward of 100l. offered for you, you may escape if you give me 10l. "—I said, "I have nothing to give you, you have no claim on me"—he led me from there down a dark passage, and said, "You have nothing to do with me! I will show you"—he laid hold of me and took my watch, and 2l., which was wrapped up in paper—he seized me by the collar and dragged me along towards Bury-street—I made a noise and cried, and the Rev. Mr. Asher came and said we should both go to Mr. Levine's close by, to settle the matter amicably—the prisoner said to Mr. Levine, "I have the watch, but I won't let him escape"—Mr. Levine went to get an officer, and the prisoner went away also.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. How long have you been in England? A. Three weeks—I came from Germany to seek employment—I was dealing in embroidered goods, which were imported from the house where I was employed—I was brought up as a merchant—I have known the prisoner as long as I have been in England—he lived in the same house with me—he borrowed a pair of shoes of me—when I met him that day I spoke to him and asked him for my shoes—I have never been before a Magistrate—I did not leave Germany because there was a charge of forgery or embezzlement against me—I never committed a guilty act—I was never charged with any—when Mr. Asher came up the prisoner had hold of me—I could hardly speak—I said, "This man wished to get 10l. from me."

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Did you also tell Mr. Asher he had your watch? A. Yes—distinctly, in the presence of the people there—I was much excited—I had been in London before.





REV. BENJAMIN HENRY ASHER
. I am a Rabbi of the Synagogue. Last Friday, between ten and eleven in the morning I was in Bury-street, and saw the prisoner, he had hold of Goldberg—there was an altercation—I asked what was the matter—Goldberg was greatly excited—after a few minutes deliberation he said, "This man wishes to have 10l. of me"—he appeared almost moved to tears—I said, "Surely it must be for some cause?"—he said, "He has already my watch"—I said I would not allow anything to be done to him in the street, but either to go before the Chief Rabbi, or the Lord Mayor—I suggested to go to Mr. Levine's—Mr. Levine went for a policeman—the prisoner said, "That is my wish, I will go for a policeman myself"—he went away and never returned—I went to his lodging and he was not there.

Cross-examined. Q. Were they on the pavement? A. Yes—this street is not much of a thoroughfare—there are no shops there—I did not hear about two sovereigns then: I did at Mr. Levine's after the prisoner left.





HENRY LEVINE
. I live at 24, Bury-street. Mr. Asher and Goldberg came to my houe—Goldberg began to cry, and said, "He has robbed me of a gold watch and 2l. "—I went for a policeman—the prisoner said, "I have got the watch"

Cross-examined. Q. When Mr. Asher brought them, had the prisoner hold of Goldberg? A. Yes—he said he would not let him go till he should

take him home—I did not hear anything about smuggled goods—the watch has not been found.
(Samuel Levy, a general-dealer; Mrs. Frazer, and Mrs. Parry; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

