



882. 




RICHARD WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 7l, the goods of 



Philip Dorset Goepel, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.







PHILIP DORSET GOEPEL.
 I am a clerk in the Alliance Assurance-office, and live at No. 16, Stonefield-street, Liverpool-road, Islington. About five o'clock on Monday evening, the 22nd of March, I was in King William-street—a horse had fallen down in the street—I stopped to look at it, and perceived a pressure at my waistcoat pocket, as if of some one wrenching—I noticed the prisoner near there—he was in front of me—he passed round, and appeared to be holding out his hand as if passing something to another person, who leaned forward as if receiving something from him, and they ran through the crowd—I was not able to discern his features—he said words to the purport of "Here it is," as he passed it to his companion—he was standing before me when I felt the pressure—I seized hold of him by his arm, and charged him with having my watch—he denied it—it was while I had hold of one of his arms that he appeared as if passing something—I felt as if something was wrenched from me—the man who appeared to receive something from the prisoner ran through the crowd and got off.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Had you hold of him when he held out the other arm? A. Yes—I felt his pockets afterwards, and the inside of his great coat pocket, after he had handed the something to somebody else—I felt in his waistcoat pocket—I do not remember that I told anybody that he had handed anything to anybody else until I felt in his pockets—I do not remember saying anything to that effect—I may have told the people standing by—I am not able to swear to the words he said to the other person—I understood the words to be, "Here it is"—there was a crowd of people round—the man running through the crowd created a confusion—I was laying hold of the prisoner, and did not notice.





EDWARD KINCH
 (City police-constable, No.  569) On Monday afternoon, the 22nd of March, I was on duty in King William-street, and noticed Goepel having hold of the prisoner—he gave him into my custody; charged with stealing his watch—the charge was stated in the prisoner's presence—he denied it, said he was innocent, and could prove his respectability—I asked if he was in employment, and he said he was—I asked how he was employed—he said as a printer—I asked if he was then engaged as a journeyman—he said he was—I asked where—he said at Snow-hill—at the station, in answer to a question from the inspector on duty, he said he worked at the printing business, on his own account, at Snow-hill, that the house was occupied by his sister, and the printing apparatus was there—I went to the house, and found his sister—she said he was not a printer, and that there was nothing there belonging to him—there were no printing things there—I found 4l 13s on him: he claimed it, and said he had saved it from his industry—I produce the ring which was hanging on the chain round Mr. Goepel's neck, which was attached to the watch—it must have been severed by violence—I believe it is silver.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the chain? A. Yes, it was on Mr. Goepel's neck.

MR. GOEPEL re-examined. I have not the chain here—this ring was attached to it.

Cross-examined. Q. Where there any ladies in the crowd, who said they had seen somebody else take it? A. Some ladies said a man had run across the road, who had my watch, but not who had taken it—they did not say they had seen him take it, or anything of the kind.





WILLIAM LEE.
 I am street-keeper to the Ratcliff pavement commissioners. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted,


Aug., 1844, in the name of Richard Doyle, of larceny, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person—it was for taking a handkerchief from a person in the street.




GUILTY.** Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

