




1957. 




JOHN SAUNDERS
 and 




HENRY WILLIAMS
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 1 pair of boots, 8s.; 1 apron, 6d.; 1 souvenir, 5s.; 1 thimble, 1s. 6d.; 1 brooch, 6d.; 1 chain and locket, 1l.; 12 hooks and eyes, 6d.; 1 purse, 2d.; and 6 keys, 6d.; the goods of 



Macnamara Fitzgibbon: and 1 coat, value 15s.; 2 handkerchiefs, 6d.; 1 pair of trowsers, 10s.; 1 shirt, 5s.; and 1 waistcoat, 5s.; the goods of 



Alfred Haskell.






ALFRED HASKELL.
 I am barman at the Golden Horse, in Aldersgate-street. On Friday night, the 14th of Aug., the prisoners came to the house about twelve o'clock, they said they came from the Blackwall Railway, and asked for a bed—they went to bed, I went to bed about one o'clock—I heard them talking in a suppressed whisper, though I could not understand what they said—the next morning I was down in the bar, Mrs. Witcher came down, and said there was somebody in Mrs. Fitzgibbon's room, for she tried to open the door, and it was pushed against her—I went up and saw nobody, I then came down to my room, which is on the second-floor, and found my clothes where gone out of the box—I came down and fastened the front door—I said to some coal-heavers who were there, "Don't let anybody out, we have been robbed"—I let the officer know, then ran up, and saw Williams putting some things under the bed where the prisoners had slept—I went to the bed, and found a bunch of keys—I called Mrs. Fitzgibbon, and she identified them—I then found these trinkets under their bed—I had seen Williams putting them under the bed, Saunders was standing by him—my boots, coat, waistcoat, and other things, were found by Mrs. Fitzgibbon hidden in my bed—there was nobody who could have removed these things but the two prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. You know nothing about Fitzgibbon's things? A. No further than what Mrs. Fitzgibbon had said—I got up about five o'clock; I heard of the things being found in my room, about eight o'clock—there were other persons living in the house, and coming to the house—there was a lodger in another room; he is not here—there is a female servant in the house; she is not here—Mrs. Fitzgibbon is here.

COURT.
Q. The coat, handkerchief, shirt, trowsers, and waistcoat are yours? A. Yes, and they were found in my room, and just down by the prisoners' bed was my waistcoat, and a silver thimble in it.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Do you mean to swear that you found your waistcoat in their room? A. Yes, just down by the side of the bed—it was a black cloth waistcoat—I am sure it was mine, it was not Mr. Fitzgibbon's—he does not live in the house at all—it was mine, and had been in my room—the rest of my things Mrs. Fitzgibbon found—I had never seen the prisoners before.





HARRIET FITZGIBBON.
 I am the wife of Macnamara Fitzgibbon, and am living with my father, Mr. Walker, at the Golden Horse—I went up to the prisoner's room, stood on the landing outside the door and received the bunch of keys from Haskell—I went into the next room—I found the boots and shoes, and Haskell's clothes in his bed—these trinkets and bunch of keys which were found in the prisoners' room are mine.

Cross-examined. Q. I thought you did not go into their room? A. I did not go in—I stood on the stairs—Haskell gave me the apron of trinkets,

and the keys, outside the room—I saw him bring them out—I consider the property is mine—it is not my father's.

SAUNDERS—


GUILTY. Aged 28.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY. Aged 21.





Transported for Seven Years.

(There were five or six other cases against the prisoners, for robbing public-houses.)
