



844. 




LOUISA PADDICK
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of February, 225 yards of lace, value 6l. 10s., the goods of 



Elias Chartier, in the dwelling-house of 



Philip William Hingston; and that she had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN CHARTIER
. I conduct the business of my brother, Elias Chartier, in High-street, Islington—it is carried on in the house of Philip William Hingston, who lives there with his family, and the shop is part of his dwelling-house. On the 9th of February, between one and two o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop, and asked for some thread lace—I got down a box containing a quantity of thread lace—she looked at various articles, and she kept putting the cards of lace up and down—she fixed on a remnant, and asked me to measure it—while I was doing that a wo-man came in, and asked the price of a bonnet in the window—that drew my attention from the lace a moment or two, while I answered the woman the price of the bonnet—I was waiting on Mrs. Whittingbam before the prisoner came in—I left off serving her to attend to the prisoner—Mrs. Whittingham gave me a particular look which I did not understand at first—about that time I turned round, as I thought there must be something wrong—I asked the person, did she wish to see the bonnet—before I could get an answer she was gone—I then looked at the box of lace, and instantly

missed some, and Mrs. Whittingham went to the door to look after the other person—I said to the prisoner, "I have lost some lace"—the prisoner said, "Lost some lace; I have lost my purse"—Mrs. Whittingham returned, and I told her I had lost some lace—she said she knew I had, for she had seen the prisoner take it, and give it to the woman who bad gone out—I said, "Then close the door, I will send for an officer"—said the prisoner should not leave the shop—she said no, she would not leave it, as she had lost her purse, she would have the house searched till she found it—I sent for an officer—he came, and the prisoner resisted very much—she was taken into custody—there were eight cards of lace gone, containing about 225 yards—it had been bought by me on the Friday before—they were worth between 6l. and 7l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was the prisoner near enough to hear when Mrs. Whittingham said she saw the prisoner take it, and give it to the woman who went out? A. Yes—she was allowed to go away from the station on bail to come again, and appear before the Magistrate—on the first occasion before the Magistrate she was not allowed to go away, and come again—she was taken into custody till the Friday—this happened on the Tuesday, and we went before the Magistrate on the Wednesday—she came before the Magistrate again on the Friday—she was then taken into custody to take her trial—she did not purchase any thing in my shop—the shop goes out from the dwelling-house—Mr. Kingston can come to the shop from his house, and I can get into the house by a door behind the counter.





PHILIP WILLIAM HINGSTON
. I am owner of the shop at Islington where Mr. Chartier carries on his trade.

Cross-examined. Q. Does the house belong to you? A. Yes—I let the shop to Mr. Chartier.





ELIZABETH WHITTINGHAM
. I live at Paradise-terrace, Islington. About two o'clock on Tuesday, the 9th of February, I went to Mr. Chartier's shop in Islington—soon after, the prisoner came in—I had seen her before that day—I observed her when she came in—she asked for some lace, and Miss Chartier put it down before her—she seemed to pull it about a good deal—after this another woman came in, and asked the price of a bonnet—she stood behind me at first, and then she stood near the prisoner—I saw the prisoner give her the lace, and then she put it under her cloak—I intimated it to Miss Chartier as well as I could by a nod and a look—I turned to look for the woman, and she was gone—I immediately went to the door, and could not see any thing of her—I went both ways, and could not see any thing of her—I then returned to the shop, and Miss Chartier told me she had missed some lace—I said, "So I should think—I saw the prisoner give it to the other young woman"—I said to the prisoner, "You know the young woman"—she said she did not, she never saw her before—the reason I said so was, because I had seen her with her before they went into the shop, and the other appeared then to be intoxicated—I am quite sure the woman I saw then with the prisoner was the same person I saw in the shop—after this the prisoner said she had lost her purse, and she would have the house searched from top to bottom before she left.

Cross-examined. Q. What is your husband? A. He is not any thing at present—he has been a tailor—I never dealt at the prosecutors shop before—I had never seen the prisoner or the other woman before—the prosecutor's shop is on the pavement by Islington-green—there is a large

space on the pavement both ways when you come out of the shop—I went to the shop door, and went a little way in both directions, but I could not see the woman who went out—I was close to the prisoner when she handed the lace to the woman—she was standing next to me at the counter—the other woman came close to her—I could not tell Miss Chartier at once what I saw, because I felt so flurried—I was always as sure as I am now that I saw the lace handed by the prisoner to the other woman—I was too much flurried to slop her—she had a straw bonnet on and a cloak—I cannot say what sort of complexion she had—there was considerable difficulty in persuading the prisoner to leave the shop—I went home—I could not go to the station though the officer asked me to go, because my friends would have wondered where I was—I went before the Magistrate the next day.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you ever expressed the least doubt about seeing the prisoner take the lace, and giving it to the other woman? A. Not the least.





JOHN FAGAN
 (police-constable N 19.) I was called to take the prisoner on the 9th of February—she was sitting in the shop—I told her she must go to the station—she instantly became very violent, and said she had been robbed of her purse, and would not go out till the house was searched, and she would have her purse—I asked her who robbed her—she pointed to Miss Chartier, and said she must—I took the prisoner into custody, when she got to the station she said she would swear a robbery against me, that I robbed her of a gold watch and a chain which had been round her neck.

Cross-examined. Q. She was allowed to go from the station? A. I took her before the Magistrate, but as none of the witnesses could attend, the Magistrate allowed us to take bail.





ANN HARRIS
. I searched the prisoner at the station—I found only one farthing on her—she said she had lost her purse and watch, and she would swear a robbery against the officer, for stealing her gold watch and chain; and against the shop-keeper for robbing her of her purse and 1l. 10s. in money.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she appear excited? A. No—she was rather insolent to me.





THOMAS HENDY
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—I was the prosecutor in the case last April—the prisoner is the person—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
