



753. 




WILLIAM HOBBS



, feloniously breaking and entering the shop of 



Henry Evans and another, and stealing therein 100 pairs of boots and 160 pairs of shoes, value 45l., their property.—2d COUNT, feloniously receiving the same.






HENRY EVANS
. I am in partnership with my father, Thomas Evans; we have a shop in Osnaburg-place, St. Pancras. On 5th Feb., at ten

minutes after ten o'clock at night I locked up the shop—next morning, I went about eight o'clock, opened the door, went, in, and missed about 300 pain of boots and shoes, which had been safe over night—none of them have been found—there were no marks of breaking—the door must have been opened by a skeleton-key.





THOMAS EVANS
. I left the shop fast on the Monday evening—the name of "Evans and Son, boot and shoe-maker, Osnaburg-place," was inside all the boots.





GEORGE UNDERWOOD
. I am a boot and shoemaker, at 4, Chapel-street. On Tuesday week I had information that Mr. Evans' shop had been robbed, and on the Thursday or Friday the prisoner came to me and asked whether I was a buyer of 200 or 300 pairs of shoes; I told aim "Yes," and I would look at them, which I did; and the first he showed me was a pair of women's double-soled cloth boots, which I knew, by a mark that the constable had given me information of—I told the prisoner that I knew these; he said, "You do not"—I said, "They came from somewhere in the New-road"—he said they did not, and seemed a little agitated, and asked if I would have something to drink—I went with him to a public-house, thinking to get some more information out of him—I was confident the shoes came from Evans's, and I told him at the public-house that it was no use denying it, I knew by the mark they came from there—he then said, "Yes, they did come from there; and if we had not done it somebody else would, for nobody slept in the house"—he then came with me to another shop of mine, and asked me to look at them again; I did so, and picked out of one of them a label with "Evans and Son" on it—he took it out of my hand, said, "We have missed one," and put it into his waistcoat-pocket—he asked me again if I would buy them—I said, "No"—he 'offered them to me at 1s., they are worth 4s.—I looked for an officer, but could not see one, and after he was gone I went to the station, and gave information.

Cross-examined by
MR. PLUMPTREE. Q. How long have you carried on business in Chapel-street? A. On my own account ten months; my father has lately died, and left me the business—I have been married two years—I am not living with my wife, I do not know where she is—I am living single now—I shall not say whether I am living with any woman—I have never been in prison under a criminal charge—I was before a Magistrate for a rowt but was discharged—I was never in Aylesbury gaol, or in any gaol; that I swear—I have bought two or three pairs of shoes of the prisoner before for 10s. or 12s., which I believed to be his own make, and he has bought a few things of me—I have known him about three or four months.





JOHN JENKINSON
 (policeman, G 53). I took the prisoner into custody. 1 told him it was for stealing these boots—he said, "Then, I suppose, I must go with you"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "I have expected this ever since last Sunday"—I said, "What do you mean by that?"—he said, "I have had a quarrel with a woman living down-stairs, whose husband is now in Newgate on some charge or other, and she threatened to send the officers on me"—he did not allude to the witness, Underwood's wife, but to the wife of a man who has been sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment this Session, for stealing some gutta percha soles.





THOMAS BARKY
. I am fourteen years old—I live with Mr. Underwood, and have done so for six years—I know the prisoner—I remember his coming to my master's shop, and asking him whether he would buy some shoes—he said if they would suit he would buy them—he came inside, and looked at them, and in a pair of women's cloth boots he saw a label with "Evans and Son" on it—he

tore it out, and the prisoner took it out of his hand, and put it into his waistcoat-pocket—I did not hear any more.

Cross-examined. Q. How had you an opportunity of seeing this? A. I saw it in my master's hand, as he was standing in the shop—my master has not been from home the whole six years I have been with him; he has been out at work for his father before he died, which was ten months ago—I have no mistress living at home—there is a woman living at my master's; the wife of my master who died—I do not know how old she is—she does not live with my master as his wife—they have separate beds.
(John Payne, boot-maker, 3. Hackney-road, and Francis Reynolds, printer, 3, New-street, Clothfair, gave the prisoner a good character).




GUILTY
on 2d Count.
 Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years


(There was another indictment against the prisoner).
