



162. 




JAMES MALLISTER



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Webb Coleman, about two in the night of 
18th Sept., at 
Paddington, and stealing therein 1 curtain, 1 counterpane, and other article, value 35s. his property; having been before convicted.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






ELLEN CATHERINE COLEMAN.
 I am the wife of Charles Webb Coleman, of 3, Woodfield Villas, Paddington. On the night of the 18th Sept. we all went

to bed about eleven o'clock—myself and servant were the last persons up—we both went to bed together—the house was quite safe—the kitchen window was shut, but not fastened—my son came down first in the morning, about eight o'clock—he called me—I went down, and found the house in confusion, and the kitchen window wide open—I missed a shoulder of veal, weighing about nine pounds, some bacon, coffee, tea, sugar, cheese, some brushes, a curtain, a counterpane, and four pigeons—the counterpane was over the pigeons, which were in a crate in the yard.





GEORGE HAWKINS
 (policeman, D 73.) On 22nd Sept., between five and six o'clock in the morning, I heard a conversation between some women, in consequence of which, about six o'clock, I went to 15, William-street, Lisson-grove, and found a girl there in bed, named Emma Harris—I searched the place, and found this window-curtain, counterpane, and some rings belonging to it; also these two shoe-brushes, table-cloth, and towel, and this flannel jacket under the bed—I have seen the prisoner wearing that jacket.

Prisoner. Q. What day was it you took the girl into custody? A. Wednesday, the 22nd—I should have taken you, if I had seen you there—I made a mistake in the day before the Magistrate, and said it was Monday—I did not tell you I would swear your life away.





EMMA HARRIS.
 I live at 15, William-street, Lisson-grove. Hawkins came there and took these things away—I gave them up to him ay once—I was taken into custody, was remanded, and afterwards discharged—I told him where I got them from.

Prisoner. Q. Did I bring the things to your house? A. I think it was you—I cannot swear to you.

COURT.
Q. Are you an unfortunate girl? A. Yes; other young men come there beside the prisoner—I live by myself—I am sometimes out for a good bit at a time—several more young girls live in the house—I put these things on the bed on the Sunday; they were brought to my room by a young man, I cannot swear that it was the prisoner—I was there when he left them—I was examined before the Magistrate—this is my mark to these depositions—( The witness's deposition being read, stated "the prisoner brought them to my room on the Sunday morning, two or three days before this, and asked me to take care of them")—I could not swear it was him—he lived in the house at that time, not with me.





CHARITY PRIDEAUX.
 I live at 15, William-street. On the Sunday in question the prisoner was in the front kitchen, with a girl named Emma Thomas—I dined with them—they had veal and bacon for dinner—it was a large joint of veal, but what joint I do not know—there was not a dish large enough for it, and the prisoner gave me some money to go out and buy one.

Prisoner. Q. Do you remember my saying on the Sunday before that I would have a joint of veal? A. Yes.





GEORGE LOVE COLEMAN.
 I am the prosecutor's son. On 19th Sept. I came down about eight o'clock in the morning, and found the house in confusion, and the kitchen window open—I missed the article stated—I know the curtain now produces, it used to be over the window—these brushes are my father's, and are marked, and this counterpane I know very well by the pattern—we have had it ten or eleven years—my father rents the house—it is in the parish of Paddington.





SOLOMON HANNANT
 (policeman, D 8.) I found the prisoner at a public-house in Drury-lane, on 1st Nov.—I had been looking for him for some time—I told him I wanted him for a burglary, and stated the place—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I searched him at the station, but found nothing on him relating to this charge.


Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge; I own to the jacket being mine.





STEPHEN BENNETT
 (policeman) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted Feb., 1846, and confined ten days, solitary)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY.*† Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

