




1719. 




WILLIAM GRAYSON
 and 




BARNET SAMUEL
 were indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of May, 1 half-crown, 1 shilling, 1 penny, and 10 halfpence, the monies of 



Arthur Fennell, from the person of 



Selina Fennell.






SELINA FENNELL
. I am the wife of Arthur Fennell, of Crown-court, Aldersgate-street. On the 30th of May, about one o'clock in the day, I was walking in Cheapside—a man touched me on the shoulder and said I was robbed—I went to station, and found the prisoners there—I had four half-crowns, two shillings, and some halfpence in my pocket when I left home—I examined my pocket at the station, and missed a half-crown, a shilling, and some halfpence—that was about ten minutes after I received the information—I did not notice anybody near me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure you had the money when you left home? A. Yes, I counted it a quarter of an hour before.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did not you say you had made a mistake after examining your pocket? A. No; I know I put that sum into my pocket.





GEORGE STOREY
. I am a porter, and live in St. James-court, Bread-street. I was in Cheapside, and saw the prisoner Grayson put his hand into the prosecutrix's pocket, take it out, and pass something to Samuel—they both went down Bread-street—I touched the lady on the shoulder, told her, and followed the prisoners immediately, and did not lose sight of them till they were secured—I had given information to the by-standers.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you in employ at the time? A. Yes—I am porter to Mr. Weeks—I have been so seven years—I was going to St. Paul's-churchyard—I never saw the prisoners before—a gentlemanstopped them at the corner of Bread-street—it was done about three yards from Bread-street.





GEORGE SHEDEL
. I am a clerk, and live in St. Pancras. I met the two prisoners in Bread-street, and closely after them several people—Storey was close at their hells, and said they had robbed a lady—a gentleman collared Samuel, and I took Grayson.






ROBERT JACKSON
. I am a City-policeman. I was on duty in Cheapside—the prisoners were given into my charge—I found on Samuel a half-crown, a shilling, a sixpence, and sixpence in copper.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did not Samuel tell you, before you searched him that he had 4s. 6d.? A. Yes.
(Grayson received a good character.)

GRAYSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined One Year.


SAMUEL—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

