



1745. 




ELIZABETH BRYAN
alias
 Catherine McCarthy

 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit crown-piece, on the 
13th of May, she having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.
CALEB EDWARD POWELL. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Elizabeth Bryan, together with another woman, at the Middlesex October Sessions, 1832—I have examined it with the original record at the Sessions-house, and it is a true copy—(read.)





THOMAS BURTON
. I am an inspector on the Great Western Railway. I know the prisoner—I was present when she was tried and convicted—she if the person named in the record. Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
A. It is ten years ago? A. Yet—I

have not seen her since till I saw her at the police-court—I swear positively to her.





EMMA GREEN
. I am the wife of James Green, who keeps a coffee-shop in Great Portland-street, Marylebone. On the 28th of April last the prisoner came to our house, and asked for half-a-pint of coffee, which came to 1d.—she tendered a shilling—I looked at it, and thought it was not a good one—I took it to my husband, to be satisfied—he said it certainly was not, and cut it with a graver—he went to look for a policeman—the prisoner walked out of the shop, and after she got round the corner, across Langham-place, she ran very fast—she had not been told the shilling was bad, and I had not given her the change—she was taken into custody in Bentinck-street, close by—I followed her—when I came up to her the policeman asked if she was the woman—I said, "Yes"—he said, "You hare been passing a bad shilling"—she said, "I did not know it"—she was detained.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you tell her that your husband was gone for change? A. Yes—that was not true—she said she was in a hurry—I appeared against her at Marylebone office, and she was discharged. MR. BODKIN. Q. When was it that she told you she was in a hurry? A. After I returned from speaking to my husband—she said, "I gave yon a shilling"—I said, "Yes, and my husband is gone to get it changed"—she then got up, and said, "Oh, I have a halfpenny"—I said, "You had better wait, he will not be long"—she went to the door, in a curious way, not as if she was going, but she walked quietly round Ridinghouse-lane, and then ran off as fast as she could, without waiting for the shilling. DANIEL GRIMWOOD. (police-sergeant D 11.) On the 28th of April I was on duty near Mrs. Green's house—she made some communication to me, in consequence of which, I stopped the prisoner in Bentinck-street, Man chester-square, walking very fast—I told her she had passed a bad shilling at a coffee-house—she said, "Not me, sir"—Mrs. Green then came up, and said she had offered a bad shilling in payment for a cup of coffee—she said nothing then—she was searched at the station by a female, and two good shillings were found on her—they were given to the prisoner, by the Magistrate's order—I produce t he had shilling, which I received from Mr. Green at the station—the prisoner was taken before the Magistrate the same day, and discharged.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you keep the shilling? A. Yes—I have had several other bad shillings, but I made away with them—there is a cross on this, by which I know it—I wrapped it up in paper—I had no other bad shilling in my possession at that time—I locked it up in a box, which was locked, and of which I kept the key—I took it out, on receiving a note from the Solicitor of the Mint—I am quite sure this is the shilling I received from Mr. Green.





JAMES GREEN
. I am the husband of Emma Green. I received a shilling from my wife on the 28th of April, and gave it to Grimwood—this is it—I cut a cross on it with a graver.





THOMAS WACE
. I am a butcher, and live on Islington-green. The prisoner came to my shop on the 13th of May, and purchased 1lb, of meat for 6d.—she gave me a bad five-shilling piece in payment—I saw it was bad, and asked where she got it from—she said a gentleman gave it to her—I asked if she had got any more, she said no—I gave her into custody to a policeman, with the crown-piece.


Cross-examined. Q. To whom did she give the crown? A. She laid it on the board, and I took it up—there was no one in the shop but myself—I marked it after I gave it to the policeman, either at the shop or at the station, I cannot be positive which, but I kept it in my hand till I gave it to him—I did not give it to anybody else before I gave it to him—I think it was at the shop, because I remember marking it at the station.





RICHARD MARTIN
 (police-constable N 175.) T took the prisoner into custody at Mr. Wace's, and received from him this crown-piece.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you kept it in your own custody ever since? A. I have—I locked it up in a drawer at home—I have kept the key of the drawer ever since—I am quite sure no one could have got to that drawer but myself.





MART ECKETT
. I am a searcher at the station. I searched the prisoner on the 25th of April—I found two good shillings and one halfpenny on her.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. This crownpiece and shilling are both counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—



Transported for Twelve Years.
