



1808. 




JOSEPH PULBROOK
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





GEORGE BURFORD
. I am a linen—draper, and live at Stratford—I am a customer of Mr. Bassett's, of Wood-street. On the 15th of Nov. I was indebted to him 11l. 13s., which I paid to the prisoner that day, on account of his master—I have the prisoner's receipt for it—this is it.





GEORGE THOMAS STEVENS
. I am a linen-draper, and live at Romfort—I deal with Mr. Bassett—I paid the prisoner on the 1st of Jan. 24l., on account of his master—I took this receipt for it.





JOHN SWINFORD BASSETT
. I am a warehouseman, and live in Wood-street, The prisoner had been in my service between five and six years, first as a clerk and subsequently as a cashier—he was to receive various sums due from my customers, to enter them in the cash—book, and hand over the cash to myself—I have examined the cash-book carefully—there is no entry of 11l. 13s. paid by Mr. Burford on the 15th of Nov., and the prisoner never paid me that sum of money—here is no entry of 24l. received on the 1st of Jan. from Mr. Stevens—the prisoner never paid me that, or 1s. of it—on this day fortnight I told him, from the manner in which he was going on, he could not be acting honestly—I pressed it closely on him, and he said, "I am guilty."

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you say he had better tell you? A. Nothing of the sort—I said, "From the manner you are going on you cannot be acting honestly"—he shut his eyes—I said, "You cannot look me in the face and deny it"—after repeating that once or twice, he said, "I am guilty"—that was all I said to him before he acknowledged it—I did not use the word "dare"—I have told you the very words I uttered—I have a ledger here, in which these sums are entered—he marked them paid off in

the ledger, but they are not in the cash—book, which is the book in which he accounted for the money to me—I have not a check on my clerks—the prisoner was entrusted with the whole of that department, from the high confidence I had in him—I very seldom refer to the ledger.

MR. DOANE. Q. Would this entry in the ledger preclude your suspecting anything was wrong in the cash-book? A. Precisely so—he never paid me these two sums.

JUR Y. Q. Is the entry in the ledger the prisoner's? A. Yes, but I know of so receipt but what is in the cash-book—I have never had a shilling of the money.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner; and Mr. Doane stated that the prosecutor had missed 800l.; that all the accounts had been made to balance in the ledger, but not entered in the cash-book.)
