



279. 




ABRAHAM MITCHELSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of November, 16 rings, value 8l.; 1 snap, value 2s.; 1 pair of earrings, value 9s.; 2 scent-boxes, value 6s.; and 12 sovereigns; the property of 



Joseph Alexander, in the dwelling-house of 



William Davenport.






JOSEPH ALEXANDER
. I am a traveller, and reside in Sun-square, Sun-street, Bishopsgate, in the house of William Davenport. I do not know the prisoner—on the 5th of November I had a box, containing twenty sovereigns, a 5l. note, fourteen gold rings, twenty-nine pairs of ear-rings, three scent-boxes, and different articles of jewellery—Ashfield slept in the same room with me—they were in the box when I went to bed—I locked the box, and put the key under my pillow, with my watch—I went to bed at nearly eleven o'clock—I awoke about six, by hearing somebody at the door—I said, "Who is there?" and he said, "I am going to Hull"—I called out, "Ashfield," who had gone to bed with me, and he said, "Poor fellow"—I got up, and found my box in the same place as I had left it, and still locked—I remained in bed, and got up about eight o'clock, and on taking out my watch, the key was not there—I told Ashfield I could not find my key—I afterwards broke the box open—I found the first drawer of the box taken out, and every thing was gone—nobody but I and Ash-field slept in the room that night, that I knew of.





AARON ASHFIELD
. I am a licensed hawker. On the 5th of November I lodged in the same room with Alexander, in Davenport's house—1, the prisoner, and prosecutor, all slept in the room—there were three beds in one room—I had only known the prisoner for two nights before—I awoke in the morning at near six o'clock, just as the prisoner left the room—I saw Alexander's box the night before—I saw him put his box near his bedside, and lock it—I did not see any body touch the box afterwards—I did not touch it—I did not hear the least sound in the room all night,

until just as the prisoner went away—the prisoner had said the day before that he wanted to go to Hull, to apprehend a man who had robbed him.





WILLIAM DAVENPORT
. I keep a lodging-house in Sun-square, Sun-street, in the parish of St. Botolph-Without, Bishopsgate. On the 5th of November the prisoner, the prosecutor, and Ashfield, lodged in my house—the day before the prisoner went, he said to my wife, "What sort of a box has Alexander got? is it a good one or a bad one?"—my wife said, "A middlingish one"—he is a very hard working man, and always pays his rent to a day when it is due—he has lodged a long time with me—among pedlars—"a good box" means well furnished with articles.





WILLIAM MILLIGAN
. I am a policeman of Hull. I apprehended the prisoner on the 7th of November, on board the Rob Roy steam-boat, bound to Hamburgh, lying then in the Humber—I searched him at the station, and found in his pocket a pair of gold ear-rings, two snuff-boxes, sixteen rings, twelve sovereigns, and about 2l. in silver—I brought him to London, returned myself to Hull, and got seventeen pairs of ear-rings from the Custom-house officers, who are not here—I found other property there.





JOSEPH ALEXANDER

re-examined. This chain, I know, and all these articles, were in my box the night I went to bed—I know them all to be mine—this ring was given me by a Mr. Ross, to mend—I have no mark on the sovereigns.

Prisoner's Defence. They are my own goods, which I used to travel with; I bought them at Birmingham; I have a witness where I bought the brooches; the prosecutor calls them gold, but they are not gold, they are of no great value.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.
