




2043. 




BRIDGET SULLIVAN
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a forged order for payment of 15l., with intent to defraud 



Edward Majoribanks and others; and 




VILLIERS PEARCE



as an accessary before the fact.


MESSRS. DOANE
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN BLENKINSOP
. I am cashier at Coutts and Co.'s bank—Mr. Edward Majoribanks is a partner in the house—there are other partners—on the 27th of Aug., about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner Sullivan came to the banking-house, and presented this check for 15l. for payment—(read—dated 25th Aug. payable to Mrs. Wallis or bearer, 15l.; signed Caroline Queens-berry, and endorsed C. Wallis)—the Marchioness of Queensberry has an account at our house—I asked Sullivan what she would have for it—she replied very quickly, "Gold"—I then walked round the counter, and desired her to step into the back-room—she did so—on the way I asked her if she re-ceived it for herself—she said, "No"—I asked for who she received it—she

said, "For a man"—I asked if she knew the man—she said, "No"—I think I asked her if she knew where the man was—she said, "outside"—I then called a messenger and desired him to fetch a policeman—lam well acquainted with the Marchioness's writing, and declare this not to be her writing—I produce eight checks which have been paid previously.





JAMES GOODWIN
. I am porter at Coutts' bank. On the 27th of Aug. I saw the prisoner Sullivan at the counter—in consequence of instructions, I accompanied her to Charing-cross—I walked a little way before her, but near her—Sinnott, the policeman, was also in attendance—as we went along she gave me a description—she said it was a tall man with a black frock coat on, with sandy hair and whiskers, and hair on the upper lip—she did not say what she was to meet him for—we went to Charing Cross, and then to the fountains in Trafalgar-square—she said that was where she was to find him if she did not meet him on the road—we went to the fountains—there was no man there answering that description—I waited a minute or two—she did not tell me who she was—I did not hear her say what her name was, or where she came from.





WILLIAM SINNOTT
 (police-constable F 91.) In consequence of directions from Goodwin I watched Sullivan—I heard her describe the person she was to meet—I saw no one answering that description—she was afterwards given into my custody—I produce a letter which I received from the female searcher at the police-station—I had heard nothing said about that letter before—I heard her say her name was Bridget Sullivan, that she came from Skevenden, in the West of Ireland, on the Tuesday previous, by a steamer, to somewhere about London-bridge, that she had a husband somewhere about Chelsea, as she heard, and she had come in search of him, she could not succeed in finding him there, walked back again in the evening, and walked about all night to look for him, she was then going down to Whitechapel to see if she could find him, and was on her road there—as she came past the bank she said she had no relations or acquaintances in London except her husband, that she was never in London before in her life.

Cross-examined by Ms. BALLANTINE. Q. When were you called to go with her? A. About four o'clock in the afternoon—I was fifteen or twenty yards behind Goodwin—I kept them in sight—I was at the bank before I went out—I was up with them when she told me all this—she said it in the square when I came up with them, not in the presence of Goodwin—I overtook them in the square—the conversation I had with her was at the banking-house on the day she was given in charge—Mr. Bush was present—Goodwin was not; nobody bat Mr. Bush, who asked her a few questions—he did not regularly cross-examine her.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did Mr. Bush warn her as to the answer she gave when he questioned her? A. I cannot recollect.





JOHN BLENKINSOP

re-examined. Mr. Bush had come into the bank accidentally on business at the time.





MARGARET PYKE
. I am searcher at Bow-street police-station. I was directed to search Sullivan—she wanted to go to the water-closet—I searched her, and found this letter (marked A) in some part of her gown-sleeve—I shook the gown-sleeve, and it fell from it—when I found it, she said they had got the other paper, and that was of no use—she did not propose that I should do anything with it.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (police-constable.) On the 20th of Oct, I apprehended the prisoner Pearce at No. 1, Millman-place, Millman-street—I told him I apprehended him for being confederate with Bridget Sullivan, his wife, for uttering a forged check on Coutts' for 15l.—he said it must be a mistake,

he had no wife, she had been dead six years—I told him he was Villiers Pearce, the man I wanted, and he must go with me—I took him to the station—he gave his address No. 58, Eagle-street, Red Lion-square—I went there, and found a good many papers, and this among the rest—(produced)—I found these letters on him—he wanted to give them to his sister.





CAROLINE, MARCHIONESS OF QUEENSBERRY
. I principally reside at Coton-house, near Rugby—I have had correspondence with Pearce and other members of his family, and have occasionally written letters to him inclosing remittances—I have inclosed checks to him—one of the letters found at his house is one of many letters I sent him—it contained a check—no part of the check produced is in my handwriting—I never authorised him to write that or any check—it is not a very good imitation—I did not write any part of this letter—(looking at one marked A)—I have received many letters from Pearce, and written answers to them, and, to the best of my belief, this check ii written by him.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe your ladyship never saw the person who signed himself Pearce? A. Not to my knowledge—I have had no personal communication with him on the subject of the letters—if those letters did come from him, I think I can swear the check is his handwriting—there is an imitation of my handwriting in the signature only.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did you receive these letters in the name of Pearce? A. Yes, and wrote answers to the addresses named in them.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you write the answers yourself? A. Always, and gave them to my servant to put in the post.





WILLIAM DYATT BURNABY
. I am chief clerk at Bow-street police-court. Sullivan was brought there on the 28th of Aug.—she made this statement, which I took down in writing—(reads)—the prisoner says, "As I was passing along the street I went up to the gentleman and asked the way to Whitehall; he said, 'What do you want to go there for, my good woman?' I said I wanted to go there to see my husband; he walked down and said, 'I'll show you,'—when we got by the rails be took those papers out of his pocket and said, 'if you will go in there' (pointing over the way,) 'and bring me what you get for this;' he asked me whether I could read or write, I told him I could not; he then gave me the two papers, and said, 'You need not show the big paper;' he folded the little paper, and told me to take it to the gentleman at the counter, and that I need not show the other paper unless I was asked for it; and if the gentleman asked me what I would take I was to say, 'Gold;' when he gave me the papers I said, 'lama stranger here, and don't like to go in;' he said, 'Oh, you foolish woman, I am known in that banking-house, and the gentleman thinks I am out of town, and I don't like to go in; when 1 went in 1 put the paper on the counter, and the gentleman asked me what I would have; I said, 'Gold;' he then took me into a parlour and asked me whether it was for myself; I said no, a gentleman had given it to me; the gentleman who gave it me said he would wait up and down till 1 came out, or he would be at the waterfalls if he was not there."—On the 21st of Oct, the prisoner Pearcewas brought in, and made this statement—(reads)—"The notes I received from Lady Queensberry were not always signed by her ladyship, but some of them commenced, of Lady Queensberry;' her ladyship bs"? been in the habit of sending me letters, and occasionally checks, for the last fiw years; this woman came to me five or six years ago, upon the death of my wife; she came as my housekeeper, and to attend on the children, not being able to do without such a person, being about from morning till night, in my occupation I as a reporter—her conduct became exceedingly discreet, steady, and respectable;

and notwithstanding my great poverty, I still kept her in my service, as I was enabled to keep my home with her assistance in comfort; I left her to go to the West Indies, and on my return her conduct being so good I married her on the 17th of last June, she having previously given birth to two children; on the morning of the 27th Aug. last she left my home, and I heard no more of her till I heard she was in custody—I solemnly swear I never forged a check on the Marchioness of Queensberry, or sent my wife with one; she hat made herself appear a perfect stranger to me, on purpose to save my character; and being neither able to read or write, she could not know the nature of the document; I have held responsible situations under Government abroad; my wife made this story on purpose to save my name being brought forward on the charges."

Cross-examined. Q. I believe certain letters were produced and alluded to in the evidence? A. Yes—they were not read in the prisoner's presence—they were handed to his attorney to read if he chose—I heard it stated that a copy would be forwarded to the prisoner.





JOHN WINTER
. I am a builder, and live in Tash brook-street, Pimlico. In July last both prisoners came to me about taking a house—Pearee spoke—I do not know that I heard Sullivan say who he was—he was not introduced to me by her—they became my tenants about the 13th or 14th of Aug., and lived with me some time—I had seen Pearce between July and Aug.—they both went by the name of Pearce—I missed Sullivan from the house after that—I cannot say when it was, but I noticed repeated knocks at the door—I met Pearce, and told him I wanted to come in to look at the ceilings—he said Mrs. Pearce had been out, and would be home in a day or two—I think that was in Sept.—I did not see her again.





JOHN YOUNG
. I am a solicitor, and live in Bloomsbury-square. I have known Pearce about eighteen years—I have corresponded with him, and received letters from him, and have conferred with him on the subject of those letters—I have seen him sign his name—I believe the body of this check to be his writing—(looks at it)—I cannot speak with certainty as to the letter (A.)

Cross-examined. Q. Is there anything remarkable about the character of his writing? A. Yes—I consider there is no disguise about it at all—he is a relative of mine—I corresponded with him about a year ago, and have done so five or six years—it is only till very lately that I have had correspondence with him—it ii two or three years ago, I cannot distinctly recollect how long, hot not within a year I have seen him write—I have a memorandum here, signed by him on the 7th, 17th, and 25th of Aug., 1843—I saw him write on all those days—these are the documents he wrote be name to—I do not recollect seeing him write anything but his name.
----BELL. I am a reporter, and live in Southwark Bridge-road. I am acquainted with Pearce and his writing, and believe this check to be his writing—three years ago he was an occasional contributor to various newspapers—I had attended public inquiries for five or seven years previously, and have had occasion to see him write 150 times—the last time was about four years ago—previous to that I was in the habit of seeing him write pretty constantly—to the best of my belief this letter (marked A.) is his writing—I believe these also to be his writing—(looking at some others.)

Cross-examined. Q. Had you and the prisoner any difference at any time? A. Never—it is four or five years since I saw him write or act as a reporter—I believe he has not been reporting since that—we were occasionally in the habit of reading each others reports.





THOMAS JOHN GREEN
. I am a newspaper reporter, and have known Pearce several years as a reporter. I know his handwriting, and believe this

check and this letter (marked A.) to be his also—I also believe these other letters to be his.

Cross-examined. Q. How long is it since you have seen him write? A. I think about three years—I was not very intimate with him, but frequently saw him write, and his copy frequently passed through my hands.





THOMAS WATSON
. I am a manifold paper-maker. I have known the prisoner seventeen or eighteen years—I have frequently seen him write—I believe this check to be his writing—this letter (A.) is his style of writing—I believe it to be his, and these other letters as well.

Cross-examined. Q. You seem to express a doubt about the letter? A. I discover a difference in it, which creates a doubt—it is a broader writing—he did not generally write so broad a hand—I recollect his writing perfectly well—the check is in his ordinary writing, but the letter is broader—the letters are wider altogether—his handwriting is generally close—the words are stretched out—they are larger than his general writing—(letter A. read—"Coton-house, 25th of Aug., 1846: Mrs. Wallace, I received your letter, and now send you a check on Messrs. Coutts' and Co. for 152.; you will let me know by letter the receipt of the same.—Caroline Queensberry.")

SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—



Confined Six Months.


PEARCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 44.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Erle.

