




2047. 




WILLIAM ASHMORE
 and 




ROBERT MATTINGLEY
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Gardener, about eleven in the night of the 
19th of July, at 

St. Leonard, Shoreditch, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 20 yards of oil-cloth, value 2l., his goods.






WILLIAM GARDENER
. I am a broker, and live in Caroline-place, City-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Sboreditch; it is my dwelling-house. On the 19th of July, at half-past ten o'clock at night, this oil-cloth was safe in the back cellar, which could not be got at without going through the front cellar—it has an iron grating, which I saw down safe at half-past ten—nobody could get to it without removing that grating—about eleven o'clock, as I was going to bed, I looked out of window, and saw the prisoner Ashmore coming from the pavement up to the shop front—I looked through the window, suspecting him, shoved the window up, and saw him take this oil-cloth, which was handed up to him out of the cellar—he walked away with it—I am certain he is the man—I continued to watch, and saw Mattingley come out of the cellar, through the grating—I went down, got out at the first-floor window, and followed, but did not overtake them—I saw them both together next morning, in Sun-street—Ashmore had the piece of cloth now produced, which was safe in my cellar the night before.

Ashmore. Q. Did not you give an alarm? A. No—I thought I could catch you without, but I went up the opposite street—I swear it was my property—I swear to you by your face, dress, and jacket—there was a gas-light close by—I have lost about 20l. worth at different times—here is No. 206 on this, and I have a piece here which I cut off the same roll.





JANE DUDDING
. I am servant to Mr. Gardener. On Monday evening, the 19th, about eight o'clock, I saw the prisoners walking up and down by the house—I went for the beer about ten o'clock, and saw them both again, and as I returned with the beer I saw Ashmore there.





CHARLES BEAUMONT
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoners, who the prosecutor was following—I found this piece of oil-cloth on Ashmore.

Mattingley. Ashmore asked me, the morning I was taken, to go with him to Petticoat-lane, to buy a pair of shoes, and not finding a pair to suit him, as we came away we met a man who asked us to buy a piece of oil-cloth for 9d., we gave him 8d. for it.

ASHMORE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

MATTINGLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Ten Years.
