



1729. 




WILLIAM BRAND
was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of April, 1 mare, value 10l., the goods of 



William Davis.






WILLIAM DAVIS.
I am a stable-keeper, and live in Plough-yard, Carey-street. On the 15th of April I had a grey mare stolen out of my stable—she was in the stable at five minutes after twelve o'clock the night before, and was stolen in the night—I had not locked the stable door, but she was tied up—the prisoner had been in my service as a cab-driver, and left about a month before—he had heard me talk of the

value of the mare, and state that she was worth 20l.—I found her at Romford-market, in the possession of Thompson.

Prisoner. Q. What time did you miss her? A. About five minutes after six o'clock on the morning of the 15th.





WILLIAM THOMPSON.
I live at Pleasant-place, North-street, Whitechapel. On the 15th of April I was at Romford, and bought the grey mare of Cook—the prosecutor claimed it.





JOHN COOK.
I am a greengrocer, and live in Pleasant-row. I was at Romford-market on the 15th, and saw the prisoner with this grey mare for sale—he asked me if I would purchase it, and asked me 6L. for it befare I saw it—I gave him two guineas for it—it was in a very low condition, and not worth more—he pressed me to make an offer for it—she might be worth 10l. to any man that wanted her, but would not fetch it in the market,

Prisoner. Q. Did not yon tell three parties that if I gave you a sorereign, you would settle it? A. No.





JAMES REGAN.
I am a policeman. I took him into custody.

Prisoner's Defence. I have been in the cabline, and I dealt with this man before. When 1 was taken to Hat ton-garden I told them who I bought the horse of, and the man was apprehended. I made a swapwith him, and the man was taken, and turned evidence—I gave him o pony, and took 3l. The man I bought it of lived with the prosecutor before.





JOHN COOK

re-examined. He did not tell me that he had bought it.,




GUILTY.Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years


Before Mr. Justice Parke.
