



1290. 




ROBERT CRAWFORD
, was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of October, 6 spoons, value 12s.; 1 brooch, 3s.; and 1 ladle, 3s.; the goods of 



Thomas Charlton.






THOMAS CHARLTON
. I had these spoons, brooch, and ladle—they were sent up in my chest, and the key of it came up in a letter soon afterwards—when I asked the prisoner for the key he said he had lost it, and it cost me

2s. to have another key—when I came home from Brighton I examined the chest, and the spoons, brooch, and ladle were all gone—these are them.

Prisoner. Q. Will you deny to me that you did not tell me to pledge these spoons? A. No; it is false—I did not tell you to pledge my plate, and pay your fare to Brighton—you told me you pawned these things to buy a shawl to send to your mother, in Scotland.

Prisoner. No such thing; I pawned the things for your girl, in Marylebone-lane. Witness. I did not authorise him to pledge them at any time—I did not know of it till I opened my box with a new key, and saw the duplicates of them.





WILLIAM THOMAS BARTON
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Oxford-street I produce these spoons, which were taken in pawn by a person who has left our service, but I have a duplicate which corresponds with the one that is here.





ROBERT WATKINS
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce this brooch, which was pawned, to the best of my belief, by the prisoner.

Prisoner. You asked me whether I would sell it or not, and I said I would not lose it for 18l. Witness. I do not recollect that—I asked you whether you brought it with an intent to sell it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner. The prosecutor tells a falsehood if he says he did not send me a letter to pawn these spoons to pay my fare—the letter was burnt, and he knows it well.





THOMAS CHARLTON

re-examined. He bought a pair of shoes, but he got 12s. of a fellow-servant who owed me 1l., and he told me he pawned these things to send his mother a shawl.
(The prisoner put in the same defence as in the last case.)

Prisoner. His daughter went to this woman, and could not get the money of her; I bought the shoes with the money for these things; ten days after the woman paid me 13s.; I went and paid 6s. 6d. for the carriage of a chest from Leicester; the rest of the money I did make use of, and when the prosecutor came home to Montague-street, I told him what I had done; he said he was much obliged to me, and his girl would have gone without shoes if I had not done it; he owed me for making two suits of clothes for his son.





THOMAS CHARLTON
. He was paid beforehand for that.




GUILTY
. * Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

