





2399. 




HENRY PAVIOR
 and 




FRANK AUGER
 were indicted for

 stealing, at 

St. George, Hanover-square, 3 mugs, value 12l.; 1 teapot, 10l.; 2 goblets, 11l.; 6 salt-stands, 1l.; 1 muffineer, 10s.; 1 coffee-pot, 10l.; and 1 tea-canister, 10l.; the goods of 



William Burn, the master of Pavior, in his dwelling-house; and 





ELIZABETH AUGER



, for feloniously receiving the same; to which


PAVIOR pleaded 


GUILTY. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GASCOYNE.
 I am butler to Mr. Burn, of No. 6, Stratton-street, Piccadilly. Pavior has been in his service eighteen months—it was part of his duty to clean the plate—he had access to it whenever he pleased—there was a good deal of plate stowed away, not in common use—I missed him on Saturday, the 11th of Sept.—he never returned after that—about nine o'clock in the morning I had occasion to look at the plate, and missed a great quantity—I immediately communicated with my master, who sent for the police—Auger frequently came to the house to see Pavior—I understood him to be a friend of his—I do not know whether he was in any business—I have seen him there two or three times a day—I saw him once in the pantry where the plate was kept.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How long used he to stay? A. I cannot tell—I cannot say when I saw him in the pantry—I never saw him take any plate away.





WILLIAM BURN.
 On the Saturday Pavior left my service, I received a communication from Gascoyne, and sent for the police—he was not under any notice to quit—he absconded—on the same night I received a parcel containing plate belonging to me—on the Monday I received a letter from Pavior—this is the cover of the parcel—(produce)—I have examined the property produced—here are three mugs, a teapot, and other articles—they are all mine—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. George's.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any other name? A. No—Elizabeth Auger came to me, and sated that she was in great distress—I gave her half-a-sovereign—I did not know she was concerned in this at the time I relieved her—she stated that her time had been occupied in running about pawning the plate with my servant, and that she had not a single shilling.





SARAH ADAMS.
 I have the care of the house, No. 8, Stratton-street, the next but one to Mr. Burn's—I have seen Pavior going in and out there—on Saturday morning, the 11th of Sept., I saw a policeman go in—soon after that Pavior came home—I made a communication to him, and he did not go in—he went away—I saw no more of him.






RICHARD BURT.
 I am in the service of Mr. Probet, a butcher, of Shepherd's-market—I know Pavior and Frank Auger. On Saturday morning, about twenty minutes or half-past ten o'clock, I was in Bond-street and saw them run from Stralton-street up Bond-street—I called to them—I said, "Halloo"—Pavior answered the same—he kept on, and I lost sight of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Do you know Auger by sight A. Yes—I am not an acquaintance of his.





JOHN GRAY
 (policeman.) On the 11th of Sept. I was sent for to Mr. Burn's—Pavior was then gone—on the 26th of Sept., a fortnight afterwards, I found him in Litchfield-street, Soho—I told him I wanted him for stealing a quantity of plate, money and books, the property of his master, Mr. Burn—he came quietly, and said it was right—he gave me an account of how the plate was taken away—on the 30th I took the other two prisoners—they were living together at No. 16, Noel-street, St. James's—I told them they must go with me to the station to explain respecting Mr. Burn's plate—they said they could only say what they had said before, which was the truth—I had seen Elizabeth Auger before, on Saturday, the 18th—Frank Auger was not there—I asked her if she could tell me where her son Frank was—she said he was in the country—I said I wanted to see him, there had been an extensive robbery committed at Mr. Burn's, in Stratton-street, Piccadilly—she said she would endeavour to find him—I left my address, and in about an hour after she came to the station, and said she had pledged a large quantity of plate for a man who represented himself as a butler, who she had washed for for two months; that she did not know his name of his address—she went with me to some pawnbrokers' shops, and, amongst others, to Mr. Roberts—she said, about half-past eight o'clock the butler came to has and requested her to accompany him to Mr. Roberts's shop, and redeemed six knives and forks, and delivered to her a sealed packet—I asked where the packet was—she said, "At home"—I afterwards opened it, it contained fourtes duplicates, relating to Mr. Burn's property—she spoke of him as the butler, a person whose name she did not know, or where he lived—I asked her to see I she could find him out, and she took me to different public-house is the neighbourhood of St. Marylebone, I found no such person—she gave me no idea that the person was a servant of Mr. Burn, or who he was, but after she knew the shirt produced belonged to Mr. Burn, she said she had been there and washed two shirts for Pavior, two months before the robbery—on Wednesday, the 20th, I desired Frank Auger to go to Mr. Burn's with me—in going along he said he never received anything from Pavior except a silver mug, a silver tea-pot, a coffee-pot, some cups and saucers, and books, and had delivered the duplicates to him (Pavior)—his mother was by the side of me a great part of the way; I do not know whether she heard it, she made no remark—she afterwards said she met Pavior on the 11th, went with him to Regent's-circus and received a parcel and some money, and sent it by the Parcels' Delivery Company in the Commercial-road, and she then went to Upminster, in Essex.

Cross-examined. Q. The first time you saw Elizabeth was the 18th of Sept.? A. Yes—it was on the evening of the 11th that Mr. Burns gave her some money—she came to me and said her son would meet me at any place I chose to appoint—I met them by appointment in Oxford-street—she said she had been once at Mr. Burns, about two months previous., and washed a shirt. MR. BODKIN.
Q. That was after the property had been discovered and

claimed? A. Yes, some time after—at the time she made the appointment and kept it I was aware of the pledging—only the knives had a crest on them—they were redeemed—the house is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square.





JANE ANN BASS.
 I am kitchen-maid to Mr. Burn. Auger came there several times to see Pavior—a month or six weeks ago I saw Elizabeth Auger in the servants' hall, talking to Pavior—her son was not there then.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not two months ago? A. No—I was examined before the Magistrate—I cannot say whether it was two months before I was before the Magistrate.





FREDERICK POOLE.
 I am shopman to Mr. Roberts, pawnbroker, Morti-mer-street, Canvendish-square. I produce a silver tea-pot, a knife and fork, six salt-stands, thirty-eight knives, and a candelabra-stand—they were pledged by a man at different times; I have no recollection of him, it is three months ago—I find in a packet which the officer has produced duplicates corrresponding with them, with the exception of one, which was left with us—the silver tea-pot was pawned on the 9th of Oct., for 3l.—there is no mark or crest on it—I have know Frank Auger and his mother five or six years—I had taken in pledges of him in the name of Clifford—these tickets are all in the name of Clifford, except the tea-pot, which is in the name of White—I have six salt-stands, pledged by Elizabeth on the 6th of Aug.—I do not find a corresponding duplicate to them, as both tickets are in my possession—when the last pledge but one was brought, this ticket of the salt-stand was brought with it by the same woman to have it redeemed—she gave the name of Ann Clifford, No. 10, Wells-street—that was the name I knew her by.

COURT.
Q. Did you know anything of her? A. The first pledge I took in of her concerning plate was some pepper-castors, for two guineas—they were in the house a week or ten days, and she brought money and redeemed them—she was asked whose they were—she said they belonged to a gentleman of extravagant habits who did not wish his name to be known; that she was in the habit of pawning at Mr. Baker's, a pawnbroker in the neighbourhood; and if we would lend her money on them she would bring them to us.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Who did she say employed her to pawn them? A. A gentleman of extravagant habits, who was in the habit of pledging a great deal of plate.

Cross-examined. Q. She brought the things to a place where she was know? A. Yes—she did not say anything about receiving the plate from the hands of the gentleman—she did not say, on the first occasion, that he employed of the pawn them, only that they belonged to him—she did on the occasion of pledging the candelabra-stand—she told me she should not be able to go to him that day as he lived some little distance off, and she should have to take an omnibus.





RICHARD HENRY CLOUD.
 I am shopman to Fuller and Fleming, Pawnbrokers, of Lower John-street, Golden-square. I produce a mug, pledged for 1l. on the 7th of Aug., 1847, and in the name of Henry White, No. 6, Stratton-street, I believe by Frank Auger—on the 10th of Sept., Elizabeth Auger came, and wanted to have more money on it—we could not advanced it—I only knew her by the name of White—I produce a tea-caddy, pledged on the 6th of Aug., with a pair of trowsers, by Frank Auger, for 30s.—on the 19th the trowsers were taken out, and the tea-caddy left for 2l.—on the 10th of Sept., Elizabeth Auger came with the ticket of the tea-caddy, and requested it to be made up four guineas, as she had a pledge somewhere else for that amount, as it was for a lady—she did not come again after that.


Cross-examined. Q. Were you the person that spoke to her about the money on the tea-caddy? A. Yes—I cannot say what time in the day it was—I swear she said it was for a lady—the young man gave her the money—I did not make out the ticket—I was present, and can swear to her.





CHARLES JOHN THRIFT.
 I am shopman to Mr. Russher, pawnbroker, Great Portland-street. I produce a silver mug. pawned on the 2nd of Aug. by Elizabeth Auger, in the name of Clifford, Wells-street—I have known her by that name four years, and I believe it to be her right name—I produce another silver mug and two silver goblets, pawned by her on the 5th of Aug.—she said they were the property of a gentleman who did not want his name mentioned.

Cross-examined. Q Did you recollect that before the Magistrate? A. I should have done so, but I was not asked the question.





HENRY FREDERICK WHITTON
 I am shopman to Mr. Rotchford—I produce a silver coffee-pot pledged, to the best of my belief, by Elizabeth Auger, on the 30th of Aug., for 5l., in the name of Jane Nelson, of Silver-street, for Henry Jameson, of 122, New Bond-street, who she said was a gentleman.





GEORGE GOVERS.
 I am shopman to a pawnbroker—I produce a silver muffineer, pawned on the 25th of Aug., I think by the female prisoner, in the name of Ampart, 22, Berwick-street.





WILLIAM GASCOYNE

re-examined. These articles are all Mr. Burn's property.

MR. PAYNE
to
JOHN GRAR.
Q. Did Elizabeth Auger ask you, before you went to Mr. Burn's, what sort of a man the butler at Mr. Burn's was? A. Yes—I do not recollect asking her why she asked me that—I took her into Mr. Burn's room, and into the butler's pantry—she had some tea and wine there—I told Mr. Burn I had found all the property through her information, and that she bore a very good character in the neighbourhood, and was a widow with a large family—Mr. Burn gave her 10s., and said no harm should come to her or her son, if she would find him—I was not then aware of the different representations she had made at the different pawnbrokers—after we left, she wished me to search her place—I said I did not want to do so—and she had also asked me when I went to get the duplicates—she us a laundress.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Did you inquire for Mr. Henry Jameson, of 122, New Bond-street? A. Yes—I found no such person, it is a false address.

FRANK AUGER—


GUILTY
 Aged 21.

ELIZABETH AUGER—


GUILTY. Aged 42.





Transported for Ten Years


(There were two other indictments against the prisoners.)
