



1414. 




HENRY SMITH
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving, of an evil-disposed person, on the 
9th of May, 7 handkerchiefs, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 



Timothy Evans, knowing them to be stolen.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT BRADFORD
 (police-constable M 101.) On Friday, the 9th of May, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in company with Moy, another officer, in the Borough, going towards London-bridge, and met the prisoner coming in a direction towards the Elephant and Castle—I saw that his pockets were very bulky, and suspected him—we followed, and Moy stopped him—I took fifteen silk handkerchiefs out of his pocket at the station, also a piece of ribbon, some socks, and a pair of lady's stockings—I asked him where he got them from—he said they were his own, and he had come from Norwich—they are new—Mr. Evans was shown some of the articles found on the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Where was it you first saw him? A. Turning the corner of Blackman-streett or High-street, right opposite the church—I saw him before Moy—he said at the station that he would not tell me where he got them from.





JOHN MOY
 (police-constable M 297.) I was in company with Bradford on Friday evening, the 9th of May, and saw the prisoner—we followed him—after some time Bradford went ahead—I still followed the prisoner—I came up with him at the end of Trinity-street or Suffolk-street—as soon as he passed Suffolk-street he turned round, and crossed the road to a female who was on the other side of the way, and they went on in com-pany to near the corner of Horsemonger-lane—I had observed his pockets bulky before he crossed to the female—they turned into Horsemonger-lane—I followed them—the prisoner left the female, and went to a man who was walking a short distance before them who I had not observed before, and the female followed them in the direction of the gaol—I went up to the prisoner and asked him what property he had about him—the man who was in his company immediately left him, and went one way, and the female turned round and went up Swan-street—I asked him what property he had about him—he said what business was that of mine, where was my authority for asking him that—I said I was a police-officer, and I suspected he had got something wrong—he said what he had got was his own, it was no business of mine, and I should not search him—Bradford came up, and we took him to the station, searched him, and found the things now produced.






TIMOTHY EVANS
. I am a hosier, and live in Gracechurch-street. On Friday afternoon, about three o'clock, a woman came to my house, and bought two silk handkerchiefs of different patterns, and some children's socks—I showed her the piece of silk handkerchiefs produced, with others, while she was in the shop—she refused the pattern, but I did not miss it till the officer brought it—I find one of the handkerchiefs I sold to the woman among those produced—I know it by the pattern, and there socks I believe to be the same—there is no shop-mark on them—I cannot swear to them—these other two silk handkerchiefs, and these five, also belong to me—we had them in the shop at the time the woman was then—I have missed them since—there is a shop-mark in my handwriting—I never saw the prisoner till I saw him in custody, that I know of.

Cross-examined. Q. They are common patterns? A. They are open patterns—other shops may have them.





JOHN HARRIS HALL
. I am the son of Thomas Hall, a linen-draper, in Bishopsgate-street. On Friday evening, the 9th of May, a female purchased a handkerchief at our shop—she was a respectable country-looking woman, rather tall, from thirty-eight to forty years of age—the was dressed in a light dress, and black satin shawl—she was a fresh-coloured, rather good-looking woman—I have here some remaining hand-kerchiefs of the same pattern as the one she bought—next day the con-stable came to me, and produced some handkerchiefs and other things-among them I found some which I knew had been in my father's shop a few days before—they had not been sold—there are eleven altogether—this is the one she bought—a variety of pieces were shown to her.





JOHN MOY

re-examined. It was a woman of the description Mr. Hall has given as regards age and appearance, but she bad a green plaid cloak on—I should call her a middle-aged woman, between thirty and forty—I had no occasion to look at her face, I had seen her so often before—I did not stop her, because she did not appear at all interfering—I suspected the prisoner from being in her company—she has never been seen since-we were in plain clothes.

MR. EVANS
re-examined. I cannot say whether she had a cloak or shawl on—she was a fair fresh-coloured woman.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Recorder.

