



598. 




JAMES WAYLET
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Beckensall, on the 
16th of Jan., at 
St. Mary's Islington, and stealing 1 coat, value 10s., his property.


MR. BRIERLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






CAROLINE BECKENSALL
. I live at No. 5, Parkfield-street, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington. On the night of the 15th of Jan. I opened the door to my brother about eleven o'clock—I went to bed about twelve—the house was then safe—the door was fastened with a lock—there is no key to the door—the windows were all closed.





THOMAS BECKENSALL
. I live at No. 5, Parkfield-street, Islington; it is my dwelling-house; Caroline Beckensall is my sister. On Friday morning, the 16th of Jan., at a quarter-past six o'clock, I was in bed in a sound sleep—I was awakened by a noise of a person moving about in the back room, which is separated by folding doors from where I was—one of the doors was ajar—I was afraid my wife would be alarmed, and I said, "Stop, stop, stop!"—there was a noise as of a person escaping—he stumbled over the mat in the passage, and made a great noise—the street door was opened and slammed to—I had hung my great coat behind the door in the back room where I had heard the person, and from which the person escaped—I went into the passage—I found the street door shut—the policeman brought me my coat—this is it.

Prisoner. When the coat was taken off my back the sergeant took it to the prosecutor, and asked him if he could swear to it; he said no, it was very like it. Witness. No—I know it by a particular mark—one pocket, which was worn out, I had lengthened and made longer than the other—I have not the least doubt about it being mine—I never expressed a doubt about it.





BENJAMIN JUDD
 (police-constable N 385.) I was at the corner of Montague-place, in Gerrard-street, Islington—I saw the prisoner—I followed him—he ran away—I sent another officer after him—he was brought back to me—Montague-place may be half a mile from the prosecutor's house—it was near seven o'clock in the morning of the 16th of Jan.





EDWARD TONGUE
 (police-constable N 428.) I stopped the prisoner on the morning of the 16th of Jan.—he was running down Gerrard-street—he had this coat on.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

