




2474. 




JOHN PURFLEET
 and 




RICHARD FOREMAN



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Eastwood, and stealing 1 purse, 6 sovereigns, 5 half-sovereigns, 4 half-crowns, 3s., 5 sixpences, and 7 halfpence, his property.






HARRIET EASTWOOD
. I am the wife of Henry Eastwood, who keeps a beer-shop at Mill-pond—it is his dwelling-house—the prisoners formerly lived with us—Purfleet left five or six weeks ago, and Foreman on 27th Sept.—I had no other lodgers. On 24th Oct., about ten o'clock in the morning, Purfleet came and asked me whether my husband was at home—I said, "No"—in about five minutes Foreman came—they asked me for the dominoes, and went into the tap-room—in a few minutes they came to the bar and had a pint of beer, which Purfleet paid for—I went into the kitchen—I could see from there through the bar to the front door—I frequently went backwards and forwards—I went into the tap-room, looked over a small partition, and saw the prisoners in conversation—Foreman then came into the kitchen, and wanted to go up stairs and play at bagatelle—I refused him—he went into the tap-room—Purfleet was there—they stood a few minutes—Purfleet came out, and walked through the passage three times, in conversation with me all the time, close to the kitchen door—I was in the kitchen—I heard the creaking of the stairs door, and footsteps on the stairs—those stairs lead to a long room; then there is another stair-case leading to our bed-room—I pushed by Purfleet, went into the bar, and missed Foreman—I went to the stairs door, found no one there, then went into the bar again, heard footsteps on the stairs, and a creaking of the door, and saw Foreman in the bar, but half a yard from the door, with his back towards it, the door just closing as if some one had come down—I left them there, and went into the kitchen—I did not see them go out, but missed them—in about ten minutes Purfleet came back and spoke to me in the bar about the brewers—my husband came in, and went into the skittle-ground—Purfleet joined him there—Foreman came in and joined them—I had not told my husband what I had seen—they were there till about one o'clock—about six in the evening I went up to my bed-room—it was locked as I had left it in the morning—I missed from my drawers five sovereigns, five half-sovereigns, 8s. or 9s. in copper, and a sovereign and some half-crowns from the cash-box—the drawer was not locked—I had seen it safe the night before—I know this halfpenny (produced) by marks on it, and can swear it was in the drawer—I also swear to this half-crown—the bed-room door key was in my pocket, but the key of the staircase door, which was left in it, will open the bed-room door.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. Did many customers came in? A. Only one while the prisoners were there—there is something unusual in this half-crown—I know this halfpenny, because my husband said it was not good, and wished me to save it for the brewers.





HENRY EASTWOOD
. I am the husband of the last witness—my house is in the parish of St. Mary Magdalene, Bermondsey. My wife told me something, between six and seven o'clock, and I missed a purse, six sovereigns, five half-sovereigns, four half-crowns, three shillings, five sixpences, seven pence, and three halfpence, from a drawer in my bed-room, which was safe at

eight minutes to ten o'clock that morning—this half-crown and halfpenny were there then—I found the stair-case key, which was in the door, fitted my bed-room door—I went with a policeman, found the prisoners, and gave them in charge.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you add to the money in the drawer from time to time? A. Yes—I went there to put a sovereign in, and take some silver out—when I went again 7s. or 10s. were left, but no gold—the gold had been in a purse, and the silver in a cash-box—one sovereign was with the silver—a man lodged in the house—his bed-room is next to mine, but he was out with me at the time—I and my wife had not agreed to do anything with the halfpenny—I have often missed money before, while the prisoners lodged there.





WILLIAM NOAKES
 (policeman). Purfleet was given in my charge at Mr. Eastwood's—he said he knew nothing of the robbery, and had not been up stairs that day—I found on him three half-crowns, one of which is identified, two shillings, and a threepenny-piece—I found Foreman in Well-close-place, about twelve o'clock—he said he knew nothing of the robbery, and had not been up stairs that day—I found on him half-a-crown, one shilling, 10 1/2 d. in copper, and the halfpenny which has been identified.
(James Chipperville, a carpenter, and John Page, carter, of James-place, gave Foreman; and Abraham Hide, butcher, of Hackney-road, and George----, baker, of Rotherhithe, gave Purfleet a good character.)

PURFLEET—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

FOREMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21





Transported for Ten Years.


ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, THE 27TH OF NOVEMBER.
