



1908. 




RICHARD WILSON
 was indicted

 for stealing a carpet-bag, value 5s.; 1 coat, 20s.; 1 memorandum-book, 2s. 6d.; 2 pieces of parchment, 2s. 6d.; and 20 pieces of paper, 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



William Hannen.






WILLIAM HANNEN
. I am a solicitor and live at Shaftesbury, Dorsetshire. I came to London on the 10th of May, and lodged at the Southampton Coffee-house, Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane—I had a small carpet-bag, a memorandum-book, some writings, a deed, and other papers; the bag was placed on the window-seat in my bed-room, and near it was a wrapper or great coat—about half-past six in the evening of the 13th of May, I went into the room and locked a paper in the bag—I missed it next morning—I have since seen the papers that were in the bag—these produced are them.





CHARLES OAKMAN
. I keep the Southampton Coffee-house—in consequence of information I advertised a reward for the recovery of the papers—I have not got the advertisement—on the 15th of May I received this letter, in consequence of which I folded up two sovereigns in a sheet of paper, and sent them by my waiter to the Brown Bear public-house—I directed the piece of paper to "A. B."—I went to the Brown Bear and found a letter in the hands of the bar-maid there—I made some communication to the barmaid, and returned between seven and eight o'clock to the Brown Bear—I found the prisoner there in conversation with the bar-maid, and saw the book and papers now produced lying on the counter before him—I gave him into custody.





AMELIA BROCKENSHIRE
. I was bar-maid at the Brown Bear, in Broad-street, Bloomsbury, which was kept by my brother. On the 15th of May a letter was brought, and left with me, directed to "A. B."—shortly afterwards a girl came in and inquired—I directed that person to send the individual who wanted that letter—about five minutes afterwards the prisoner came in, and asked if there was a letter directed for one "A. B."—I said there was—he asked me to let him look at it—I told him I could not allow him to have it in his hands, as he was to bring a carpet-bag, containing papers, before he was to have it—he said he wanted to look at it, to see if there was money in it, as he expected there was—I opened it in his presence, and it contained two sovereigns—he left the house, and fetched these papers, tied in a handkerchief—he opened the handkerchief, but I told him I could not let him have the sovereigns, because he had not the carpet-bag—he said he did not know there was a carpet-bag; if I would let him have the two sovereigns he would leave 5s. for the carpet-bag—I said I could not do that, because I did not know whether they were the right papers or not—he said he did not know there was a carpet-bag, for he was not acting for himself.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-constable F 119.) I went with Mr. Oakman to the Brown Bear—I waited outside—on receiving a signal, I found the prisoner standing in the bar, in a private box, and the book and papers on the counter—I took him into custody—I produce a letter directed to "A. B."—Mr. Oakman took it from the bar-maid, and gave it to me—the letter sent to Mr. Oakman was produced before the Magistrate—it was never traced to the prisoner.





ANN PEARK
. I am cook in Mr. Oakman's service. The kitchen window

looks into the footpath in Southampton-buildings. On the 13th of May I noticed the prisoner pass the kitchen window several times between eight and nine o'clock in the evening.

Prisoner. Q. Are you certain you saw me pass? A. I am certain it was him—when I was at the station next morning, I said I should like to see if it was the same man I saw pass the window several times, and it was the man—the carpet-bag was lost from the second floor—the door leading to those stairs is close to the window—if I had turned my head he might have the opportunity of going up stairs—I had done my work at the time, and was leaning on the kitchen window, looking out into the street.

Prisoner's Defence. Two Sessions ago I was prepared with witnesses to prove that I was in a different part at the time; but in consequence of the case being postponed, I am not now prepared with any witnesses, being in a state of poverty.

MR. HANNEN
re-examined. I was ill, and was obliged to move the Court, by affidavits of medical men, to postpone the case—the prisoner produced all the articles I lost, except the carpet-bag.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.

