




2426. 




HANNAH BROWN
 and 




CORNELIUS QUINLAN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
13th of October, 1 purse, value 6d.; 33 sovereigns, and 9 shillings, the property of 



John Johnson, from his person.






JOHN JOHNSON
. I am master of the Lively, of Clive, in Norfolk. On Monday night, the 12th of October, I met a woman in Rosemary-lane—I went home with her, to No. 2, Crown-court—after I had been there ten minutes we had been talking about having some liquor, and I had just given the money to the woman—the rum was brought in—I received the 9s. change—Brown then came in the room with a child in her arms—she remained in the room till the other woman came back—the half-sovereign I sent out was in a purse—I took it out without taking my purse out of my pocket—I had thirty-three sovereigns and a half-sovereign when I went into the house—I took the half-sovereign out, and there were in that pocket thirty-three sovereigns in the purse and 9s. after I had received this change—there was then a bustle in the room—the chair was thrown against the bedstead, the candlestick pulled away, and the light put

out—I was twisted right round, and the parties were gone in an instant—I heard something chink on the ground, I could not tell what—I ran after the parties—Brown had been near me, and put her hand into my Pocket—I saw her hand go towards my pocket—I had not seen Quinlan—no one had hold of me—it was a moonlight night—the women left the room directly and ran down stairs—I was going down, and when I got half—way I recollected that I had taken my jacket off and left it lying on the table, and to it I had a 50l. and a 30s. note—I returned to the room and found my jacket—I looked round, and went to a dark landing—place, which leads to another room—I there put my hands over Quinlan's face—I said, "You villain, you have robbed me, and you have got that child that laid on the bed"—he said, "Hold your tongue, you b——, or else I will shove a knife in to you"—I did not know what to do—I turned my eyes round the room—he was gone in a minute—I did not see a knife in his hand, but there was some hard substance in his hand, what I cannot say, but he knocked it against me two or three times—I saw him no more—he was, out of the house in an instant—I am quite positive he is the person I saw on the stairs—I could see him quite plain—he had neither jacket or hat on—I am positive that Brown is the woman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was this the first "lady transaction" you had been in that day? A. Yes—the woman that went to the room with me is not here—I had not been with any other woman that day—I had not seen in any room that day—I am sure that Brown is the person who put her hand into my pocket—she stood right alongside of me, and chucked the child on the bed—the other woman was on my right, and she was gone also—I never got my money—I was sober—when I first found Quinlan he was in the dark—I could not see him, but as soon as he came to the door-space I saw him go downs stairs, and turn into the yard, dangling the child—Brown could see my purse—I did not take it out, but she could see there was a purse—I have lost thirty—three sovereigns and nine shillings altogether—I pot the nine shillings into the other part of the purse with my left hand—there was light enough in the room to see the woman who put her hand into my pocket.





JAMES PUDDEPHATT
 (police-constable H 68.) About a quarter past eleven o'clock that night, I saw Brown come up Blue Anchor—yard from Crown—court, and Baynes followed her—Brown passed me, and then ran as fast as she could—she had neither bonnet, or shawl, or child—she did not speak to me or I to her.

Cross-examined. Q. In the first instance you saw Brown and Baines? A. Yes, and Baines asked me if Mr. Driscoll was on duty that night—I said yes, if she went to the right she would find him.





PIERCE DRISCOLL
 (police-constable H 24.) I took Quinlan into custody about twelve o'clock, half an hour after I received the information—he gave the name of Nichols—I said, "I want you"—he said, "What for?—i said, "Do you recollect the man you attempted to stab with a knife when you had a child in your hands?"—he said, "No, I know nothing about it"—I went to the house—there is a dark place on the landing, which communicates with the room—I found sixpence, and 3d. in copper, in the middle of the room.





ELLEN HAYES
 (a blind woman.) I keep this house in Crown—court Brown came and took a room in the evening, and said her husband worked at the steam—boats—she said Quinlan was her husband—they lived together four days—I heard running up and down stairs and a great noise on

this night—the captain said, "O my God! I am robbed," three times—I did not know who they were.





MARY BAINES
. I live in Crown-court, nearly opposite this house. I know the two prisoners as lodging there—they lived together in the same house—I heard the noise and confusion—I heard some one say, "O my God! I am robbed"—I went to the door, and aroused Mrs. Haines, and asked where Driscoll was, because I thought a robbery had been committed—when I went to speak to the officer I saw Brown close behind me—I was not aware whether she had committed the robbery—she had no bonnet or shawl on.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

QUINLAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.




Transported for Fifteen Years.
