



912. 




JOHN BELL



, stealing 1 purse, value 1s., 3 sovereigns, and 15s.; I the property of 



Benjamin Lewis Baynham, from the person of 



Ann Baynharn: I having been before convicted.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.






MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City-policeman). On Monday evening, 26th March, I was on duty on London-bridge, in company with Brett—I saw the prisoner and another man, coming from the Surrey side towards the City—near the centre of the bridge they met a lady, and turned back after her—the prisoner walked close to her, and looked at the right-hand side of her

dress—he then put his hand into her pocket, and walked several paces with his hand there—he then took it out, and ran across the road—I followed him with Brett—he looked over his shoulder, then drew his hand from his pocket, and threw something like a purse over into the river—I went after the lady—the prisoner was taken to the station, and the lady there said, "How cruel it was to rob me of every farthing I had in the world"—he seemed rather sorrowful, and begged her pardon.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. What time was it? A. About seven o'clock, and just getting dusk—I cannot swear what it was he threw over—I was not near enough to see precisely—I was within two yards of him—Brett was not so near as I—I have been in this sort of case before—I never swear to the thing unless I am positive—the prisoner had his left-hand in the lady's right pocket.





JAMES BRETT
 (City policeman, 13). I was with Hay don, and saw the prisoner and another coming from the Surrey side—they turned short round on the prosecutrix, and the prisoner walked close up to her right side, and the other one close to him, and rather behind—I did not see what took place, as I was behind Haydon—I saw them run across the road—I and Hay don followed them—just as Haydon got within reach of the prisoner, I saw him throw something over the bridge, which I believe was a purse—he then stooped down, and I caught him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever before say you believed it to be a parse? A. Yes, before the Magistrate—Haydon was nearer to him than I—we were both in plain clothes.





WILLIAM MOUSLEY
. I am a chair-maker, of 22, Dunn-street, Mile-end-road. On the evening of 26th March I was coming over London-bridge and taw three men running towards me—the prisoner was first—I looked round and saw something go over the bridge, which I supposed was a bit of chain—it was nearly dark—the prisoner stooped down under Haydon's arm to dodge him, and Brett collared him.

Cross-examined. Q. What it was that went over you cannot tell? A. No—I saw something glistening, from the lamp on the bridge.





ANN BAYNHAM
. I am the wife of Benjamin Lewis Baynham; we live at Southampton. On the evening of 26th March, I went over London-bridge—I had come out of an omnibus five or seven minutes before, paid my fare, and put my purse into my pocket again—it had steel beads—I stated the amount wrong, in my confusion—I afterwards calculated what I had paid, and found there were only two sovereigns and fifteen shillings in the purse—Haydon spoke to me—I immediately examined my pocket, and the purse was gone—I had this dress on.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you carry your handkerchief there as well as your purse? A. Yes; but my handkerchief was then in my muff—it had not been in my pocket at all—I had no hole in my pocket—I got out of the omnibus in King William-street, and walked on to the bridge—I had not stopped at any shop—I had no occasion to put my hand into my pocket, until Haydon spoke to me—the pocket is in my dress—I do not put my hand through my dress to get at it—I never had anything slip down between my dress and other clothes—when I once have my hand in it I cannot drop anything—it is a very different pocket from those that used to be worn.





JAMES CUDDY
 (policeman, L 194). I produce a certificate (read—John Bell convicted, Aug, 1844, of stealing a handkerchief; confined six months)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
.** Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years
,
