



498. 




MICHAEL MARLOW
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 10l. with intent to defraud 



George Carr Glynn, and others:—other COUNTS, stating his intent to defraud 



Henry Thomas Timson.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HUBBLE
. I am landlord of the King's Head, at Clapton—about a week or ten days previous to the 23rd of Dec. last, the prisoner came to my house—I cannot speak positively to the day—I knew him before—he came for a bottle of brandy for Mrs. Tate, as he had done before—I gave it him, it came to 6s. 6d.—he tendered me this check for 10l. in payment—I gave him the change—he paid me for the bottle of brandy out of the check—I stated to him that there was a bottle or two bottles owing for by Mrs. Tate—he asked me who fetched it—I told him Mrs. Tate's son—he said the son had deceived his mother—I wished him to name it to Mrs. Tate, to see if it was correct—he said he would be sure and do so—I kept the check till the 23rd of Dec., when I paid it away to Mr. Rafferty, the collector to Truman and Hanbury's, my brewers—I saw the prisoner taken in custody on the 5th of Jan., by French the officer, at his own house—he was not taken for this check, but for another which I cashed for him—I told him the check I had cashed for him that day week had been returned to me as a forgery—he said it was given him either by Mr. Timson or Mrs. Tate—I said I had been to Mrs. Tate, and she

denied all knowledge of it, and it was for him to account from where he got the check—he dressed himself and accompanied me and the officer to the station-house.

Prisoner. Q. After you told me of the bottle of brandy being owing for by Mrs. Tate, was it paid for without applying to Mrs. Tate for payment? A. It was paid when I sent in the bill—it was paid by Mrs. Tate, and without any dispute—it was not named to me when paid that you had mentioned it—you had been in the habit of coming to my house for brandy many times—I think not so often as once a week—I should think you have paid me six or seven checks for Mr. William Timson—I cannot speak at to the exact number—those checks were always paid on presenting them at the bank, I suppose—I did not present them myself—I paid them away and heard no more of them—I cannot say whether you had any gin at the time you had the brandy—you might have had—by your saying Mrs. Tate's son had deceived his mother, I concluded he had deceived her in some way—I cannot exactly say in what manner—that he had got the brandy without orders.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How old is this boy? A. Fourteen.





JOSEPH RAFFERTY
. I am a collector to Messrs. Truman, Hanbury, and Co.—on the 23rd of Dec. I received this check from Mr. Hubble—I have written across it, and my figures are at the back—I afterwards paid it into Messrs. Hanbury, the bankers, in Lombard-street.





CHARLES BROWNING
. I am clerk to Messrs. Hanbury's, the bankers, of Lombard-street—this check was paid into our bank on the 24th of Dec., on account of Messrs. Truman—it was passed through the clearing-house to Messrs. Glynn's—I know that by reference to our books—I did it myself—I am the clearing-house clerk—I cannot swear to taking it myself, but they send down every half hour to the clearing-house, and it might have been sent away.





CAMPBELL HARDY
. I am clerk to Messrs. Glynn's, the bankers of Lombard-street—this check was paid into our bank on the 24th of Dec. last—I cashed it myself—here is a memorandum of mine on it—Mr. Henry Thomas Timson keeps an account with us—Mr. George Carr Glynn is one of the partners—there are several others.

Prisoner. Q. How many times have you cashed checks for me? A. Never that I recollect.





LOUISA FRANCES JANE TATE
. I reside at Upper Clapton. I am the wife of Mr. Monkhouse Tate, and the daughter of Mr. William Timson—my father is in very infirm health—he is an inmate of Morden College, Blackheath—I remember his leaving that asylum about the autumn of last year, in consequence of some repairs about to be made there—he was at Clapton for some length of time—not for months, the last time—he had been at Upper Clapton previously—the last time he left the asylum, to come to Clapton, was in June or July—I took a lodging for him near my residence at Clapton—previous to that he had an attack of paralysis—he was in an excessively infirm state of health—the prisoner's wife attended him as a nurse during the whole time of his residence at Clapton—he went back to the College about the end of Aug., I believe—she accompanied him to the College, then returned home, and was discharged—during my father's residence at Clapton, he occasionally had the prisoner's assistance—I believe my father employed him to write letters for him—I saw him writing. and I believe it to have been letters, but I have not seen them—I knew that my father was in the habit of receiving remittances from his cousin, Mr. Timson, of Southampton—they were generally checks, as far as I have seen—I do not know that the prisoner was employed by my father to change those checks for him occasionally—I can

only imagine so—I have never seen him sent—I did not about the 23rd of Dec. last, send the prisoner with any check to Mr. Hubble—I had done with him long before—I am certain I did not send him at any time in Dec.—I never sent him to Mr. Hubble with any check for 10l., in my life—I know nothing of the check produced—I never saw it till it was shown to me at Worship-street.

Prisoner. Q. How long is it since you ceased to employ me? A. Several months since, when I discovered your dishonesty—I never said to your wife, about last Christmas, that it would be a good job if you were sent out of the country—I do not think it relevant to the case to say whether I deal in tea, wine, and spirits, without having a license—I would certainly rather not answer the question—I compounded with my creditors about three years back, and paid 7s. in the pound—a Mrs. Bell was boarding with me at that time—there was not a quantity of plate and household furniture removed to Mr. M'Kenzie, of Church-street, Newington, in the name of Mrs. Bell—I never gave you a check to get cashed for myself, nor for anybody, that I recollect—I have not placed a basket with straw in it to encourage my neighbour's fowls to lay eggs in it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. I believe your husband is still living? A. He is—he is not in a lunatic asylum—he is insane, but in my own house, and has been so for eight years—that has reduced our circumstances—he was formerly secretary to the Pelican-office.





HENRY THOMAS TIMSON
. I live near Southampton. I have an account with Messrs. Glynn—I have been in the habit of forwarding checks to my cousin at Clapton, and occasionally two or three to Mrs. Tate—this check is not written by me—no part of it—I never authorized anybody to draw it, or sign my name to it—I never saw the prisoner till he was at Worship-street—I always draw my checks on plain paper.





WILLIAM TIMSON
. I am an inmate of Morden College, Black heath—in the course of the last year I resided for some time at Clapton—during that time I was waited on by the prisoner's wife as my nurse—I employed the prisoner occasionally—I was in the habit of receiving from my cousin at Southampton, checks for small sums, very seldom beyond five pounds—this check is not my cousin's writing—I know nothing of this check—I never gave it to the prisoner to get it changed, or had anything to say to him on the subject—I never saw the check in my life till I was before the Magistrate—I returned to the college, I think, on the 18th of Aug.—I saw no more of the prisoner after that till the evening of the 13th Dec., when he came to the college about six o'clock—I was up at the time, and my nurse was with me—I inquired how his wife did—he put a half-crown on the table for my nurse—I told her not to take it, because it would be more useful to his family and children—she did not take it, but left it on the table—he then put a sovereign into my hand, and then immediately put in two more—I said, "I will not accept of this unless you inform me how you came by it, or who it is that sent you"—he said nothing, but closed my hand, fixed the money in it, and said, "It is yours," and he kissed my hand, said there was a cab waiting, and off he went—he appeared to me to have been drinking—he took a little gin and water at my place—just before I left Clapton I had occasionally employed him to write a few letters to persons with whom I had formerly been acquainted—he wrote the letters, and I signed them myself—they were written to particular friends of my own—Mrs. Tate had spoken to me about those letters before I went back to the college, and in consequence of what she told me I desired him not to deliver any letters belonging to me, or written by me, to any of my friends, because I was informed that he was

an improper man to do it—I told him he was to give any letters or papers of mine that he had in his possession to Mrs. Tate—that was the day before I left Clapton—I did not see him after that, till the 13th of Dec., and had no communication with him in any other way.

Prisoner. Q. Was it not through fear of being apprehended by the police as a begging-letter impostor, that caused you to leave Upper Clapton in a hurry? A. I certainly left it the very next day, under the apprehension that I might get into difficulties through you—I asked you to take something to drink the night you came to me at Blackheath—it was not a cart that you said was at the door—you have written letters from a copy of mine to friends of mine requesting assistance for me—I should think as many as twenty or thirty—I do not know as to one hundred, but you have written I should say fifty first and last, at different times—I think not more—they were all to private friends of mine, all respectable gentlemen—they were to different persons—I have no recollection how many quires of paper you got from Mr. Dawes, the post-master at Clapton, for me—I was very ill when at Clapton, and had medical assistance, and I did not pay those before I left—I left no other persons unpaid—I have no recollection of leaving Mr. Allen, of Morning-lane, Hackney, upwards of 5l. in debt for spirits and wine—I did not leave the butcher between 2l. and 3l. in debt, nor a farthing that I recollect—I did not leave Mr. Dawes, my landlord, in debt for my apartments—I had a bed and a few other necessary things from Mr. Morris, the upholsterer, which I did not pay for till after I left Clapton—they were all paid immediately after—I believe I left 7l. odd unpaid for with Mr. Reynolds, the grocer—that has been paid since, except one pound, which is due to him now—I never told you that Mr. Henry Thomas Timson was compelled to send me from time to time checks for small sums, and that it was only that consideration that prevented me from publishing the memoirs of my life, showing how my cousin's father in former days had robbed or wronged me of 2,000l.—nothing of the sort.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was your living at Clapton in the state of health in which you were, attended by considerable expense to you? A. Very great—at the college I have medical attendance free of expense—the letters the prisoner wrote for me he was requested to deliver—all that came to my hands from those letters was 10l. from one gentleman who lives at Upper Clapton, 1l. from Mr. Watchorn, and half-a-guinea from Mr. Fowler, the banker of Princes-street, that is all.





ANN NEWMAN
. I was nurse to Mr. William Timson at Morden College in Aug. Last, and was in constant attendance on him from the 20th of Aug. till the present time—I never saw the prisoner there till the 13th of Dec.—he came that evening at half-past six o'clock—he was much intoxicated—he came in, and Mr. Timson said, "Who is that?"—he said, "Charles"—he sat down in a chair close by the side of Mr. Timson, got hold of his hand, and said he was so very glad to see him, and he had come to ask him a particular favour—Mr. Timson asked him what it was—he asked Mr. Timson if he would give him two or three lines as a recommendation for a labourer on the Brighton railroad—Mr. Timson said he would do so, and desired me to give him pen, ink, and paper, which I did, and he wrote him I should say four or five lines—he read it to the prisoner—I cannot say the purport of it—the prisoner folded it up and put it in his pocket—he then sat down in a chair and made a great deal of fuss with Mr. Timson, shaking and kissing his hand, and presently he took half-a-crown and put it on the table—Mr. Timson said, "What docs that mean?"—he said, "It is for your nurse"—Mr. Timson told him he would not accept of it, and he was sure his nurse would not—I

did not at the time—Mr. Timson told him to take it home to his wife and family, for they were more in want of it than I was—he was talking some time to Mr. Timson—I cannot say what he said, and he went down on his knee before Mr. Timson, closed his hand, kissed it, and put a sovereign into it—Mr. Timson said, "What does this mean, Charles? I shall not accept of anything of the kind unless you tell me for what reason you give it me, or from whence it comes"—he made no answer—he sat some time—Mr. Timson had a glass of gin-and-water, and the prisoner partook of it—they talked of one thing and another for about half an hour or better, till Mr. Timson seemed quite fatigued—he asked Mr. Timson to spend Christmas with him, he could provide him a nice bed and plenty of everything—Mr. Timson said his health was not fit for that, he could never come—the prisoner had some gin-and-water and a glass of wine also, which I gave him—I left the room for a short time, to prepare Mr. Timson's bed—I came back in about five minutes, and Mr. Timson then had three sovereigns in his hand—he opened his hand and said, "I have got three sovereigns"—I said, "Indeed, have you?"—the prisoner jumped up out of the chair and said, "Good night, God bless you! take it, it is yours"—he said, "I will not keep it unless you tell me where you got it, or from whence it came"—he jumped up, opened the door, and went away saying, "I have got a cab and a man waiting"—that was all I heard.

Prisoner. Q. Did you read the letter of recommendation, as you call it, which he gave me? A. No.





WILLIAM FRENCH
 (police-constable N 151.) I took the prisoner into custody at his own residence, No. 16, Margaret-street, Stoke Newington, on the 5th of Jan., about half-past eleven o'clock at night—Mr. Hubble was with me—I have known the prisoner some time—I believe he has been formerly in the police—I found the prisoner in his bed-room—I called Mr. Hubble in to charge him—Mr. Hubble said he charged him with uttering a forged check on that day week—he said he knew nothing at all about it, he could not charge his memory with anything of the kind, for the last month past he had been in the habit of going there, but he could not say as to the last time—Mr. Hubble requested that he might call on Mrs. Tate as we went along—the prisoner wished particularly to know if he was in custody, I being in plain clothes at the time—he said if he knew he was in custody he would make us pay for it, he would make something out of it—I said I was an officer, and if he wished to sue anybody he might sue me, I should take the responsibility upon myself—I then took him into custody—he said he was quite agreeable to go with me, but he would make the old b—pay for it—he also said he would open a ball before the Magistrate—he said he had many letters at home which he had written for Mr. Timson, and which I found, and which are now in possession of Mr. Bush.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I tell you where to find them? A. No—you said there were some at home—I do not recollect your saying they were in the teapot—your wife gave them to me out of a box—I believe you said you had been made a tool of by the old gentleman at Blackheath, and that he had promised to give you half of whatever might be realized, in the event of your writing him more letters, to induce you to do so.





WILLIAM MATE
 (police-constable N 28.) I was at the station when the prisoner was brought there—after he had been locked up a short time, he requested he might write to his wife—I furnished him with some paper—he sat in a chair, and said, "Well, Sergeant Mate, I suppose I shall be fully committed on this"—I said I knew nothing about it—he said "I have been made a complete tool of for other people; and as for that check, I received it of Mrs.

Tate"—I said, "I do not know, it does not look like a female's writing"—he said, "As for that, I can imitate five or six different handwritings"—Mr. Hubble and the other constable then came in, and it was dropped.

Prisoner. As God is my judge I never made such a remark to that policeman. Witness. He did make that remark as he sat in the chair—there was nobody else by.





WILLIAM ATTEWELL
. I am a hair-dresser, and live at Upper Clapton. I know the prisoner, by his being in the neighbourhood for the last three or four years—I have received a note from him, and have often seen him writing at Mr. Gibson's—this check is very similar to the note I have in my possession—I have acquired a knowledge of his handwriting by having seen him write—I should judge the check to be his handwriting—that is my belief.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you shave Mr. Timson while my wife was his nurse? A. Yes—in consequence of a remark I made respecting her character you came to my shop and assaulted me, about three months since—you wanted to know what I had got to say against your or your wife's character—I said I thought neither you or your wife were any better than you ought to be—you began to swear—I told you it was no use kicking up a row with me—(you had been there the night previous kicking up a noise)—you said you would d—d well shave me, and struck out at me, but I avoided the blow, and put you out of the shop—I got my coat torn in the scuffle—I took out a warrant for you, had you up to Worship-street police-office, and you were fined 15s. for the damage done to my coat—that was at the time Mr. William Timson lodged at Mr. Dawes—the origin of the dispute was my leaving some combs there, and having a great deal of trouble to get them—I have not spoken to you since, or you to me.

COURT. Q. What opportunities had you of seeing him write? A. During Mr. Timson's stay at Upper Clapton I have seen him there five or six mornings out of the week, writing at the table, and I have had opportunities of seeing the letters then—it was a very small room—I never read any of the letters he was writing—I had no further opportunity of seeing him write—( check read)—"London, Dec. 3, 1845. Messrs. Glynn and Co., pay to Mr. William Timson, or bearer, 10l.





HENRY THOMAS TIMSON
."
(William Base, clerk to Messrs. Bush and Mullens, solicitors for the prosecution, proved the service of a notice on the prisoner, on the 4th of Feb., in Newgate that Mr. William Timson and Mary Ann Newman were to be examined at the trial.)

Prisoner's Defence. I first became acquainted with Mr. William Timson on the 24th of Dec, 1844, and was employed by him as a messenger; he was at that time on a visit to Mrs. Tate, his daughter; it was limited to a week, but Mr. Timson, for purposes which will appear presently, was seized with an attack of epilepsy, and was unable to return home; it was then he employed Mr. Garratt, of Hackney, who will certify that his illness was mostly caused by excessive drink, as he has many times told me, and Mr. Allen will state the quantity of drink consumed by him; when Mr. Timson found his money nearly exhausted he employed me to write from two to three hundred letters ten, twenty, forty, and forty-five a day, to many gentlemen, and many to Mr. Henry Thomas Timson, who, he informed me, from time to time, transmitted him checks varying from 5l. to 10l.; he employed me to cash them; I have done so many times, but, having a severe injury on the head, I am unable to recollect the dates—he received, on the strength of the letters I wrote from his dictation, nearly 100l.; and a copy of one letter, in his own handwriting, was in possession of the police, together with other letters, and a copy of certain bankruptcy proceedings to the amount of upwards of 9,000l., which he

many times told me Mr. Henry Thomas Timson would be glad to get hold of; after thirteen weeks' residence at Clapton he returned to Blackheath, leaving every tradesman in debt; he afterwards returned, and lodged first at Mr. Alby's, the ironmonger's, who will speak as to the state of Mr. Timson while there; he had not been there a week before I cashed him a check for 5l. at Mr. Hubble's; he afterwards moved to Mr. Dawes', the post-master's, whose brother William I will call, and who received instructions from Mr. Timson to deliver to him any letters addressed to Charles Marlow, Esq., it being agreed to distinguish such letters from my own from private friends; in the course of a few days he got me to write sixty letters without any signature, as he said he would sign them himself, and which I posted, directed to different gentlemen; he wished me to write again; I refused when I found he dictated such infamous falsehoods for the purpose of exciting commiseration; he subsequently sent about for another person to write for him; he wished me to wait on the gentlemen personally; I did so, and among them I may mention Mr. Alderman Moon, with whose son I had an interview; I have a list of thirty-four persons whom I waited on, but every one of them, except two or three, expressed the greatest disgust at his conduct, and said he was an accomplished old swindler; I told him the result of my applications, and he wrote another letter to Mr. Timson for money, which I do not think was attended to, as, after a sufficient time for an answer, he said his cousin ought to do something for him, as the money in his cousin's hands ought to be his, for his father had robbed him of 200,000l.; and he said, if he did not send him something, he would get out of him what he could; he afterwards left Upper Clapton, indebted to almost every one; the two medical gentlemen, and even my wife and myself, were not paid. On the 10th of Nov. I received a communication from him, enclosing a 10l. check, desiring me to pay his bill which was due to Mr. Hubble; I did so, and if Mr. Hubble or the solicitor for the prosecution would take the trouble to examine and compare time, place, and circumstances, I should be exonerated altogether; I beg the check produced may be compared with the begging letters in the hands of the police; I assert that every time I cashed checks it has been by the order of Mr. Timson or Mrs. Tate; although Mrs. Tate says she never gave me a check to pay bills—I have highly respectable persons to prove she received a check of 10l. of Mr. Henry Thomas Timson, and I can produce the grocer's errand-boy, Charles Spinks, to prove that since Christmas last he has delivered to me two letters from Mrs. Tate at my own house, and Mrs. Clark will state that I went out for the purpose of waiting on Mrs. Tate by her orders; I had the check from her to pay for the brandy; I have a wife and four children, and I too sincerely doat on them to run the risk of punishment and separation from them for the paltry consideration of a few pounds; I have been an unconscious tool in the hands of artful and designing persons, and I solemnly declare my innocence; Mr. William Timson says he left Upper Clapton because of my bad character, that he was frightened of being apprehended in consequence of my delivering these letters, and yet he afterwards gives me a recommendation; then again he says I left directly after giving him the money, the evening I called on him at Blackheath, and the servant says I stopped for half an hour, and she did not see what kind of recommendation it was; it was no recommendation to the Brighton Railway Company.





WILLIAM DAWES
. I keep the Post-office, at Clapton. I received orders from Mr. William Timson, to deliver letters directed to Charles Marlow, Esq., to him—I remember delivering him one letter so addressed, but no other.





KATE SAYER
. In Aug. last I saw the prisoner with a paper in his hand,

which I believe to be a check, but I do not know, because it was doubled up in his hand—he said it was a check—it was in his own place—about half-anhour afterwards I saw him with some sovereigns and silver in his hand, and a bill that he had been paying, as he said, from that check—I was not present when anything passed between him and Mr. Timson, about refusing to write any more letters—I know he wrote a good many letters for Mr. Timson—I have seen him sitting, writing at his own home, and saying he was going to write for the old gentleman.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was this at the time Mr. Timson was living at Clapton? A. Yes.





MARY HURSANT
. I keep a shop at Clapton—we have two businesses—I attend to one, and my husband to the other—Mr. Timson was a customer of ours—he had a bill rather over 2l., which was paid by the prisoner in the early part of Sept. last, by a 10l. check—I gave the change—I recollect other checks being changed previously, but I cannot recollect the amounts—this was the last.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What enables you to say it was in Sept.? A. By my cash-book—I have not got it with me—it is merely a private memorandum, that Mr. Timson's account was paid on that day—I have referred to it, knowing the question might be asked—I should say it was not at the latter end of Aug.—I cannot say what I did with the check—our business is extensive—it went with other checks in payment.





HENRY THOMAS TIMSON

re-examined. I remember my cousin's return to the College, from Clapton—I think after that I transmitted him a check for 10l.—I sent it to him at Morden College, and I think I sent him a 5l. banknote—I sent a check to Mrs. Tate about that time—I sent one check, I think, for 10l., and another, I think, for 17l. 10s., or 17l., I am not sure—one of the checks was to pay the debts contracted during his illness.

MRS. TATE
re-examined. Shortly after my father went back, I remember receiving a communication from Mr. Henry Timson—I did not entrust the prisoner with any part of the paper that Mr. Timson sent me—I received no money from the prisoner after my father had gone back to Morden College.




GUILTY

of uttering. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There were three other indictments against the prisoner.)
