




805. 




MARY ANN HART
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of February, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 half-crown, 4 shillings, and 2 groats; the property of 



Julia Nelthorp, from her person; and 





JOHN COOPER



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.






JULIA NELTHORP
. I live in Norway-place, Limehouse. About half-past two o'clock, on the 24th of February, I was in Leadenhall-street with a lady and the witness Larkin—there was a crowd round an omnibus—I felt a hand in the right-hand pocket of my dress, which contained a green silk purse, with one half-crown, four shillings, and two fourpenny pieces—I endeavoured to lay hold of the hand, which belonged to the prisoner Hart—I am sure of that—she dragged her hand away with the purse—I turned round, and laid hold of her cloak; she thought I was alone, and began abusing me—when Larkin spoke to her, she turned round and walked away—I am quite sure it was her hand that was in my pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you always said you were sure it was her hand? A. Yes, I am sure of that—I said before the Magistrate that I felt a hand in the pocket of my dress—I said it was the prisoner's hand—there was a slight crowd there, through which my friends were endeavouring to make their way—I taxed her with taking my purse, and she said she knew nothing about it—I have no idea how many people were there—there was a considerable number—I had not been in the omnibus—I am unmarried.





HENRY LARKIN
. I live with my father, in Norway-place, I was with the prosecutrix—I heard her say to Hart, "You have picked my pocket, you have taken my purse," and Hart called her an impudent hussy for saying so—Hart went way—I followed her, and told her the young lady accused her of taking her purse, and desired her to return—she refused to do so—Cooper came up, took his hand out of his pocket, and put his hand to Hart, and she passed the purse to him directly—I could not see the colour of the purse, it was passed so quickly—a gentleman took hold of Cooper—he knocked him away, and ran away directly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What did you say to Hart when you first came up to her? A. I told her the young lady accused her of taking her purse, and asked her to return—there is no mistake about that—she refused at first, till Cooper came up and she had passed the purse—then she said she would go back with me—I stopped with her till the policeman came up and took her to the station-house—I went with her—I was rather flurried—there was a considerable crowd about—I was two or three feet from Hart—it was daylight—I believe I have always told this

story in the same way—I do not recollect telling any other—I believe I have told the same story as I did before the Lord Mayor—I will swear that I first said to Hart, "Come back with me"—I think that was the first thing—when I accused her of taking the purse, she refused to go back—I told her she must—I told the Magistrate that—then Cooper came up, and Hart said to him, "This youth accuses me of taking a lady's purse"—she did not do any thing before Copper came up—I never represented that she did—she remained talking with me till Cooper came up—I have always said so—I said she walked off before thin—I spoke to her in the crowd, and she walked off—I never said that when I accused her of taking the purse, she said no the had not, and walked away—I do not recollect the precise words I said before the Magistrate—Cooper came up, he took his hand out of his pocket, and put it to Hart, and she put a purse into his hand directly—that is what I saw, and all that took place—I swear that—I do not know that Cooper said any thing—I was close to them—Hart did not run.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What were you doing there? A. I was walking home—I am in my father's office, he is a brewer—it is true that Cooper came up, put out his hand, and she put the purse into his hand, and he then ran away—I have never given another account of this—my statement was read over to me at the office—I was asked if it was correct, and whether I had any thing to add—(reading his deposition)—"Cooper then came up; Hart said to him, 'This youth accuses me of having taken a young lady's purse; he then came close up to her. I saw her slip a purse into his band; a gentleman seized Cooper, but he forced himself away"—I told the Magistrate that Cooper held out his hand—Hart had gone twenty or thirty yards before Cooper came up—the gentleman who seized Cooper is not here—I recollect Hart speaking to Cooper—I should not have noticed what Cooper said if he answered—I did not see the colour of the purse, it was done so quickly—though I was looking out for a purse—no purse has been found.





CHARLES WYKES
 (police-constable K 259.) I was on duty—some person told me, in the hearing of Cooper, that he saw him with the purse in his hand, and told me to take him into custody—Cooper said he had not got the purse.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Cooper denied it? A. Yes.





MICHAEL RICHARD HOUGHTON
. I keep a furrier's shop in Whitechapel-road. I was passing near this crowd with my daughter, about half-past one o'clock—I saw a green purse pass from Hart's hand to Cooper's—I was within about three feet of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who caused you to come here? A. I was subpoenaed—I went to the station-house, and stated what I saw—I did not go before the Lord Mayor, because I had business to attend to—I came here of my own free will—I was subpoenaed after I came here by a policeman—he did not say, "Remember, if you are asked how you came here, say you were subpoenaed"—I do not think any thing passed—the subpoena was handed to me, with 1s. in the outer court—I was not aware of the purport of the 1s.—the father of the witness Larkin, and another gentleman, called on me, I think on Friday last, to know if I would attend here, but I should have attended without that—I got the subpoena yesterday, and went before the Grand, Jury.

HART—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

COOPER.†—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.




Transported for Ten Years.
