



1779. 




THOMAS THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing I purse, value 2s.; 1 watch, 23l.; 1 watch-chain, 5l.; 1 seal, 30s.; 1 watch-key, 30s.; 5 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign; the property of 



John Smith.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SMITH.
 I am a native of Scotland, and reside about a mile and a half from Glasgow—in June last I was in London—on Monday morning, the 21st of June, I had been to the Dundee wharf—I was returning about half-past ten o'clock—I had a gold watch, with a gold chain and seal, and key attached to it, and a purse containing five sovereigns, and a half sovereign—I came along the Minories on my way back from the wharf, I met with a person, and went with him into a public-house—we got a tankard of malt liquor—in about two minutes the prisoner came in alone, and a fourth man came in in six or seven minutes—I have no doubt that the prisoner is the man who first came in—he said that his father was killed by a kick of a horse, and that an old female servant had said that his brother was a natural child, and he had had a lawsuit with his brother, and got his father's money—he pulled out a great bundle of what looked like notes, and said he would give the other man 5l.—the other man said, "I will give you a purse to put it in," and gave it him, and the prisoner gave him a 5l. note—the other man said, "Put it into my purse carefully," which the prisoner did—the other man said, "Will you give this other gentleman 5l.?"—the prisoner said, "Yes, by all means," and said, "Give me your purse and watch"—I do not know what came to me, but I gave the first man my purse and watch—the prisoner gave him a 5l. note to put into the purse—he put the watch and note into the purse, as I believed, and he put it about me—they then went away, and I found in my pocket instead of the purse and watch a tin box in this bag—I told a friend of the robbery; he gave information, and I gave a description of the prisoner—I saw him the next night, about eleven o'clock—his cheeks were redder, and he had not the same dress on, but in spite of that I knew him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How old are you? A. Fifty-one—I have been a factor for houses—I think the tankard we had was a small one—I do not know whether we had ale or porter—I went in there for a rest—I was going to a medical man about my brother—I came to town with my brother—it was the other man who put the watch into the purse as I thought, and not the prisoner—the prisoner came in by himself, after I and the other man had been there—in six or seven minutes afterwards another person came in, but he went out again—I saw the prisoner again about eleven o'clock the next evening at the station—I did not say he was not the man—I said he was the man, only he was differently dressed, and his cheeks were redder—I was not confused at being routed out of my bed—I did not say it was a younger man—I did not say there was no alternation, only he was redder and fuller in the cheeks—I did not say he was fuller—I gave the watch myself; I did not see what was done with it—I was in a weakly state—I had no

notes, I had five sovereigns and a half in my purse—after the prisoner and the other man went to the door, I felt in the bag to see if the five sovereigns were in it—I think there was something in the bag to correspond with the five sovereigns—I said, "You should not show your money in company, it is very dangerous"—I gave the other man good advice—I said I did not want any money, he insisted on my having it—I gave up the watch and sovereigns that they might be put together with the 5l. note into the bag—I thought I had got the 5l. note.





WILLIAM SUTTLE.
 I am a porter in the Minories. On the morning of the 21st of June, I saw Smith come up the Minories, just on this side the archway, to the Alton ale-room, No. 64—I observed a short man stop him—I was sitting inside the door—Smith pointed with his finger to the archway, and asked what it was—the man said he did not know, he was a stranger—they came in, and went into the back parlour, I followed them in, and asked what they wanted—Mr. Gilbert was out, and I was officiating for him—I saw a third man go in directly after them.





ELIZABETH GILBERT.
 I am the wife of Thomas Gilbert, who keeps the Alton ale-rooms, at No. 64, Minories. On Monday, the 21st of June, Suttle was helping me—I saw him take a pint of porter in to some persons in the tap-room—I had seen Smith come in with a short man—they were shown into the back parlour, and had some refreshment—I went into the room while they staid—I saw a man there who I have no doubt was the prisoner—he had come in about two minutes after Smith and the short man had come, and he went into the same room—they staid about a quarter of an hour—my little girl went into the room while they were there, with a pint of half-and-half—there were four persons at least in the room—I have no doubt the prisoner was one, and Smith was another.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see all the three parties go into the parlour? A. I saw them all three—the little man came in first, and went into the parlour—he then went out again and came in with Smith; the prisoner came in afterwards—I went to the Compter, a few days afterwards—the prisoner was placed amongst other persons there, I did not find him; I did not look at the persons, I was too timid—I just looked, and the gaoler spoke very roughly to me, and behaved very rudely—he asked me if I Knew him, and I said really I did not look, I could not say.

Q. Did you not see the prisoner; did he not catch your eye and hang back? A. Yes; I said to the gaoler, "I cannot go down here"—and he said, "Go on; what are you afraid of?"—and he said, "It is no use bringing such people as these here, for they never look"—the man caught my eye—I did not say, "That is the man:" I said I could not tell—I was at the Compter on Saturday, and was before the Magistrate on the Wednesday after-wards; the prisoner was there—I had had no conversation with the police-man—I had not known the prisoner before.

MR. RYLAND.
Q. You saw the prisoner, with other persons, before the Lord Mayor, did you recognize him then? A. I said, to the best of my belief, he was the man—I have no doubt about him now.





LOUISA HARRIET JOSEPHINE GILBERT.
 I am the daughter of Elizabeth Gilbert. On Monday, the 21st of June, I saw the prisoner at our house—he went into the parlour—I went in to take a pint of half-and-half for the three gentleman that were in there—I did not see Smith go in; but he was there, and the prisoner.





MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City police-constable No. 274.) I saw the description which Smith gave at the station—I had known the prisoner before—I looked

after him, and took him in Fleet-street on the night of Tuesday, the 22nd of June—I had followed him from a house which he came from in the London-road—I said, "I want you, Thompson, for that job in the Minories"—he said, "What job?"—I said, "The money you had from a Scotchman"—he said, "I know nothing at all about it"—I found on him twenty-six shillings, a purse, and a pencil-case—I went to his lodging, searched his box, and found two purses, a Bank of Elegance note for 50l., and some other things.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know that the box you searched was the prisoner's? A. I was told so by the landlady—she is not here—I did not take the prisoner to the lodging.




GUILTY.* Aged 41.—


Transported for Seven Years.

