



582. 




ROBERT EDWARDS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of Dec., 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 watch-guard, 3l.; 4 coats, 12l.; and 8 shirts, 30s.; the goods of 




Henry Augustus Sullivan, his master.






HENRY AUGUSTUS SULLIVAN
. I am a lieutenant in the 6th reigiment of foot. The prisoner was in the regiment, and was in my service. Between eight and nine o'clock on Monday, the 19th of Nov., he went away with a detachment—I missed three coats, a guard-chain, a watch, some seals, and linen—they were locked in a tin-box, in a desk—these coats, watch, guard, shirts, gold pin, and other things now produced are mine.





JOHN LUND
. I am a police-inspector. On the 23rd of Dec., I went to No. 1, Rochester-row—I found four duplicates in the washhand-stand drawer, relating to this property—I saw the prisoner at Union-hall—I searched him, and found a flannel and cotton shirt on him—these two dress coats I received from Mr. Lloyd, a pawnbroker, at Strutton-ground, and from Mr. Soames, this seal—the duplicates I found relate to what I found at the pawnbroker's.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
. I am a police-sergeant. I produce a duplicate for a gold watch, which I got from Allen—I also produce some shirts and other things, which I found at No. 1, Rochester-row—they are what the prosecutor has identified—his name is on them at full length.





JOHN LLOYD
 (police-constable M 184.) I took the prisoner, and found this purse, a sovereign, four half-crowns, six shillings, and a gold pin on him.





JOHN ROBERRTS
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in York-street, Westminster. I produce two pins and a chain, pawned on the 3rd and 8th of Sept.—two of the duplicates produced from the washhand-stand are what I gave.





EDWARD JOHN TURNER
. I live with my father, who is a pawnbroker, in Crown-row, Walworth. I produce this watch and guard, which were pawned by Allen.





WILLIAM ALLEN
. I live in Peter-street, Westminster. I know the prisoner—he lived at No. 1, Rochester-row—I pawned this watch, and guard, and key, which I got from the prisoner—he said he wanted some money to go into the country—he said he had been abroad, and bought the watch and chain when he was abroad—he went with me to the pawnbroker's and waited outside while I went in—I gave him the money.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

