



2047. 




FRANCIS DEVINE
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Horsley Davidson, on the 
8th of June, at 
St. Giles-in-the-fields, and stealing therein, 9 gowns, value 4l.; 4 shifts, value 5s.; 6 petticoats, value 10s.; 2 bed-gowns, value 4s.; 1 table-cloth, value 1s.; 1 necklace, value 1l.; 2 counterpanes, value 5s.; 1 blanket, value 2s.; 3 shawls, value 11s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 2 pain of stockings, value 1s.; 5 caps, value 6s. 6d.; 4 collars, value 1s.; 4 curtains, value 8s.; 1 pelerine, value 2s.; and 2 boxes, value 4s.; his goods; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH DAVIDSON
. I am the wife of William Horsley Davidson, of Bell-yard, in the parish of St. Giles-in-the-fields; it is our dwelling-house. On Wednesday, the 8th of June, at a quarter-past six o'clock, I left borne, locking the door—the articles stated in the indictment were all safe then—I returned at a quarter after nine at night, and they were all gone—I accompanied Restieaux, soon after, to No. 7, Lascelles-court, and found the boxes and several of the articles—the door appeared to have been opened by a key—the articles produced are mine, and are worth about 7l. 4s. 6d.





MARY DALEY
. I live at No. 7, Lascelles-court. On the 8th of June, about eight or a quarter to nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner brought the articles to my house (I had never seen him before the morning when he had been) he came into the room with the bundle, and said, "Mrs. Daley, the broker has seized ray goods, and if you will allow me to leave these things in your place, I shall be obliged"—I am positive he is the the.

Prisoner. Q. Did you never see me before? A. You came up the same morning to engage my husband to play at your raffle, and afterwards you came with the bundle.





MARY MAHONY
. Between eight and nine o'clock I was at my door, and saw the prisoner at Mrs. Daley's door.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a policeman. I found the boxes and clothes at No. 7. Lascelles-court.

Prisoner's Defence. The witness says I brought them to her house, and that I was not acquainted with her; is it likely a man would go and steal property from a dwelling-house, and take the things to her house, if I was

not acquainted with her? She said she did not know me; husband has known me five years; unfortunately, I have been in trouble once or twice during that time, and that they know; they are acquainted with the worst of characters, and frequently buy stolen property; I can account for Mrs. Mahoney's evidence being the same as Mrs. Daley's, as she was allowed to be in the room at the time she gave her evidence to the clerk and at the office she said the boxes were not in her room, but in another person's room; that proves she must have known they were stolen; the has friends who get their living entirely by robbery, and no doubt they took them there; they gave another man in charge before me.





WILLIAM DELABERTAUCHE
. I live at No. 9, Bowl-yard, opposite the prosecutrix's house. On the 8th of June, about half-past eight, or a quarter to nine o'clock, I was looking out of the window; I saw the prisoner come out of the house and go up the Vinegar-yard to another man, who received the box, and away they walked.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you say at the office you should not like to swear to the man? A. No; I said, "That is the man, but he had another Coat On."





WILLIAM WILKINSON
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 26.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
