



409. 




MARTIN BOWMAN



, stealing a bag, and 95 printed books, value 6l.; the goods of 



John Moore Darton, in his dwelling-house.






CAROLINE WOODARD
. The house 20, Hatton-garden, is Mr. John Moore Darton's. I received a bag, filled with some articles, from the driver of a cab, on Friday, 22d Dec.—it was delivered as my master's property; I put it into the passage—I am in the habit of keeping the street door shut, but on the latch—the bag was inquired for, and I missed it last Thursday—I did not see it again till 30th Dec., in the officer's hands.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is your master here? A. No; he is at his business.





FREDERICK WYLIE
. I am foreman to Johu Moore Darton, at his shop, 58, Holborn-hill. I packed up some books in leather, and put them in a blue bag—they were packed up as samples, and put in Mr. Darton's private room at the warehouse—they were to be removed to 20, Hatton-garden—these are them—(produced.)





WILLIAM WALLACE
 (policeman, A 432). Last Thursday afternoon, I was in a public-house in Charles-street, Hatton-garden—the prisoner came in with a bag on his shoulder—he placed it on a form, and called for a glass of something to drink—I said, "Martin, ia that you?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "What have you got in the bag?"—he said, I could look if I liked—I looked, and found it was books—I said, "I thought you might have turned tea-dealer"—he said, no, he worked for Mr. Wilson, of Liquorpond-street, and he was sent with the bag to 20, Hatton-garden, and that I could go along with him, if I liked—I went, and just before we got there, he said he was getting an honest living then, and he hoped I should not go in with him as the parties might think he had been in trouble before—he went into Mr. Rowland's, 20, Hatton-garden—he came out in half a minute without the bag—I said, "You have left it"—he said, "Yes, it ia all right"—I said, I was not satisfied, he must come back to the shop—he refused—I took him back—the foreman said he knew nothing about it, but the prisoner said, "It must belong to you, I found it at the door"—I took him to the station, and on the way he said, be supposed I should be the means of giving him a new year's gift, and that he was the last of the gang—the public-house may be 300 or 400 yards from 20, Hatton-garden.




GUILTY
.*** Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

