





1612. 




RICHARD MOORE,



 WILLIAM WINSLADE
, and 




DANIEL SULLIVAN
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of April, 1 coat, value 19s.; and 1 handkerchief, 1s.; the goods of 



Lawrence Kenny; and that Sullivan had been before convicted of felony; to which


MOORE* pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years. Convict Ship.







LAWRENCE KENNY
. I live with my father, in Back-bill, Hatton-garden. Moore was in my father's service about seven or eight months back, and I have frequently seen Winslade and Sullivan with him. On the 27th of April I left a coat and handkerchief in the shop, about half-past nine o'clock at night—the next morning the policeman called me—the coat and handkerchief were then gone—these are them—they are mine.





JOHN ARCHER
 (police-constable G 8.) At half-past ten o'clock that night I was going down Saffron-hill—I saw the three prisoners together, coming along—Moore had the coat under his arm—I took him—the other two immediately ran away—I asked Moore what he had—he said a coat that his mother gave him to sell—I went to the prosecutor's shop, and found the place under the shutters broken, and the boards lying on the pavement—I afterwards took Winslade out of bed, and told him what I wanted him for—he said, "It is the first thing I ever stole in my life"—I then went and took Sullivan out of bed, and under him I found this handkerchief which the prosecutor says was in the coat.

Sullivan. We went out, and Moore said to Winslade, "I know a place where we can get a coat"—Winslade said, "I don't care"—Moore said, "We shall not be long, I know a place to go in"—he gave me the coat, and said, "If you don't tell I will give you half the money."





GEORGE BRISSENDEN
 (City police-constable, No. 322.) I produce a certificate of Sullivan's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

WINSLADE—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—



Confined Three Months.


SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Convict Ship.


