



1399. 




HENRY CARROLL
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Matthew Blackley, on the 
3rd of Oct., at 
St. George's, Hanover-square, and stealing therein 22 sheets, value 20l.; 12 pillow-cases, 3l.; 4 table-cloths, 2l.; 2 napkins, 8l.; 46 towels, 9l.; 3 toilet covers, 1l.; and 32 other cloths, 3l.; goods of 



Jaques Tristram Alfred Guy D' Hombres.






MARY D'HOMBRES
. I am the wife of Jaques Tristram Alfred Guy D' Hombres—we lodged in the house of Mr. Matthew Blakeley, 27, North Audley-street, Grosvenor-square—I left that house to go abroad, on the 19th of Sept.—I had a servant named Ward—I had discharged her—she was to go away that day—she requested me to let her stay till the evening—I said she might, as she said her husband was coming to fetch her things—she remained after I left—I left another servant, named Mortimer, in charge of the place—I had a number of linens, and other things in the front attic, all locked up in boxes—I returned on the 22nd of May—my linen was all gone, my writing-desk had been broken open, and a gold glass, and other articles taken out—another box had been broken open—I have not seen any of the linen—nothing stated in this indictment has been found—this small box was found on the prisoner—I will swear to it anywhere—it was a present to me—I had left it in my desk, which was broken open.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You husband is a French gentleman? A. Yes—I left on the 19th of Sept., and returned to town on the 22nd of May—I had not been on the premises in the meantime—I gave Ward leave to remain till the evening, when her husband as she said would come and fetch her things—she called the prisoner her husband—I believe she remained a fortnight or three weeks after the 19th of Sept.—she had been with me about eleven months—Mortimer, my servant, was in the house, and Mr. and Mr. Blakeley—I had the upper part of the house—it is not let

out in lodgings—I have never spoken of this box before—I did not hear till two or three days ago that there was box found—the value of it is very trifling—I know it, and the little figure on it.





ELIZABETH WARD
 (a prisoner.) I lived with Madame D'Hombres, up to the 19th of Sept.—she gave me permission to stay a little time—I asked her if I might stay till I got a lodging—I staid in the house—she left her servant there—I know the prisoner—he was in the habit of visiting me there by Madame D'Hombers' permission, before she left London—I broke the window of Madame D'Hombres' room, raised the sash, and I and the prisoner got into the room—I gave him some linen from that room—the box it was in was only fastened—it was not property locked—I opened it—no one was with me—I got into the room, the prisoner did not—he was in another room in the house—I took the linen—I gave it to the prisoner in another room—that was not the same day the window was broken—it was on another day—the prisoner and I went in a cab, and took the linen to Ann Webb, at Westourngreen—it was rather heavy.

Q. Do you mean now to swear again that you took all that linen out of the trunk, and that the prisoner was all the time in another room? A. I do—what I stated to the Magistrate was not all true—I swore part of the linen was taken out of the trunk by me, and the remainder by the prisoner—that was not true—it was all taken out by me—I was very spiteful in saying what I did before the Magistrate—the prisoner left me when I was confined.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose besides being spiteful, you were a good deal confused before the Magistrate? A. Yes—I never was before a Magistrate before—when this took place I was very large in the family way by the prisoner—I told him I had been making baby-linen—I told him the things I took from this lady consisted of baby-linen—I never gave him this little box—I never saw it before, to my knowledge—I did not know Mr. Webb personally—I had heard of her—I believe she was well known to the prisoner—I told him I wanted to raise some money on this baby-linen—I asked him if he knew anybody that could lend me money—Mr. Webb said, "If Carroll will pledge his word to pay me, I will lend you 30s."—the prisoner had not seen what was in the bag, that I am aware of—on a subsequent occasion I went and paid the 30s., and brought the things away—I stated before the Magistrate that I broke the window at the desire of the prisoner—that was not true—I have been detained in Newgate since this day week—the prisoner and I had some very severe words together—he represented he was going to the Isle of Wight or to Jersey—he went abroad, and when he came back I quarreled with him—I was very angry at his leaving me in the way he did—he did not know the contents of the bag, or that it was my mistress's property—nobody was in the house beside Mortimer at the time Madame left—she had a person slept with her on the night Madame left—I remained till the Tuesday following—I got outside to break the window about a week after Madame left.

COURT. Q. This was the only time you took the things? A. Yes—there were twenty-two sheets, twelve pillow-cases, four table-cloths, and other things.





ANN WEBB
. I am the wife of John Webb. We live in Newton-row, Westbourn-green—a few week before Christmas last Ward and Carroll came to my house, I think in a cab—they brought a bag—I lent money on it—they fetched it away about ten days afterwards—I never opened the bag or saw it opened.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A. About six years—I never lost anything by him myself—he has been an honest.

upright young man—he has been in service—I have seen him in livery—I do not know where he lived—Ward asked me to lend the money—she said she was going to leave her place—I lent the money on the prisoner's word—he fetched the things away, and paid the money to my husband—if it had been 20l. I should have let the prisoner have had it—he has borrowed money before, and paid it.

COURT. Q. What place is yours? A. My husband is a carpenter—I do not keep a shop—I have a little income of my own—I do not keep a lodging-house.
----MORTIMER. I have been living servant with Madame D'Hombres for the last nine months—I was left in the house—Ward staid in the house about a fortnight—the prisoner was in the habit of coming there—I know nothing about the room where these things were—I never saw the room since the 31st of Oct., when I showed it the man to have the window mended—it was then empty—the things had been moved out the day before by Miss Hawkins.





MARIA HAWKINS
. On the 30th of Oct. I went to the room, and unlocked the door—the key was given to me that I might clear the room to be need as a bed-room—I found the trunk broken open—the linen was all gone—the writing-desk was open, and the window broken.





JESSE JEAPES
 (police-constable C 146.) I took prisoner—I found this little box in his pocket.




GUILTY of Larceny only. Aged 21.—




Transported for Seven Years.

