



1537. 




ELIZABETH WICKER



, stealing 1 watch, chain, 2 rings and otherarticles, value 2l. 18s., and 2 shillings; the goods of 



Susannah Craddock.






SUSANNAH CRADDOCK
. I am single, and live at 5, Sarah-buildings, Old-street-road—the prisoner lodged there about nine days—on 16th Aug., betweenone and two o'clock, I went out, leaving her in charge of the place—I camehome about quarter to two, and she was gone; my looking-glass drawer wasbroken open, and I missed a necklace and two rings from it—I had left itlocked—I missed two shillings from the corner drawer, which was not locked—my work-box was broken open, and I missed from it my watch and chain, which I had put in it before I went out, and three rings; also two petticoatsoff my bed—she did not tell me she was going—I saw her again on 7th May, in custody—this necklace is mine—I have one row of it in my pursenow.





ALEXANDER INGLIS ADAMS
. I am assistant to Mr. Russell, a pawnbroker, of Frederick-place, Old Kent-road. I produce this necklace, pawned on 16th Aug., by a person named Martha Watson—I gave the duplicate, which Brennan has.





SUSAN WALLACE
. I live at 16, Golden-terrace, Islington. The prisoner wasmy fellow servant—she left shortly before Christmas, leaving her box behindher—there was no lock on it—I found a duplicate in it, which I gave to Brennan.





JAMES BRENNAN
 (policeman, N 9.) I produce a duplicate, which I gotfrom Wallace—I took the prisoner on 30th May, and told her about therobbery—she said she knew nothing about it.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the ticket of Emma Britton, who is transported; she told her mistress that she had sold it to me; Susannah Craddock

told her she need not fear, for she would take me up for a robbery, and wouldtransport me but what she would get her things back again; she lives with areturned transport, and keeps a brothel; I had not been out of prison a daywhen I was taken.





SUSANNAH CRADDOCK

re-examined, Britton did not live with me—I donot know her.




GUILTY
. * Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

