




1254. 




FREDERICK RADFORD
 and 



FREDERICK SHAW
 were again indicted for

 stealing 110 rings, value 60l.; 73 brooches, 38l.; 16 lockets, 10l.; 44 swivels, 8l. 10s.; 180 tubes, 9l.; 38 ring-tips, 4l.; 42 brooches, 4l.; 13 seals, 5l.; 3 chains, 2l.; 26 watchhooks, 4l.; 1145 watch-keys, 43l.; 4 jewel-boxes, 3l. 5s.; 4 watch-guard chains, 5l.; and 2 bags, 1s.; the goods of 



Ephraim Smith and others, in their dwelling-house.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






EPHRAIM SMITH
. I carry on business as a jeweller, at No. 4, Carlile-street,

in the parish of St. Ann, Sobo—my mother and two brothers are in partnership with me—it is our dwelling-house. On the 24th of Feb. I left my property all safe about seven o'clock in the evening—I was in the kitchen having my tea—on the following morning all the property stated was gone—it was worth about 200l.—this key and seal is part of it, and this bag was made to fit a box—I am confident it is my bag.





EMMA SMITH
. I know this bag—I made it.





GEORGE WESTON
 (police-sergeant F 6.) On the 1st of March I searched Radford's lodging, and found this key and seal in his box—he did not say anything about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. It was when you went about the brushes you found them? A. Yes, in the box which he gave Pocock the key of.





WILLIAM WEST
. On the 1st of March I went to Mercer-street, Long-acre. Frederick Shaw came in after we were there—I found this bag there—I apprehended Shaw—he said nothing relative to this bag, but, on the way to the station, he said he came honestly by the brushes.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






HENRY DOWELL
. I took a blue bag to the house of Frederick Shaw—it contained some brushes—I do not know whether it contained any other articles—it was very much like this bag, and somewhat about this site—I took it by the desire of James Shaw—Frederick Shaw was not at home when, I left them—there was no one at home but his wife—I was before the Magis-trate, but was not examined.

RADFORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.


FREDERICK SHAW—


NOT GUILTY
.
