





434. 




GEORGE BROWN,



 JAMES GRAHAM, and 




ROBERT HOL LIDAY
were indicted for

 feloniously making three pieces of counterfeit coin, resembling, and apparently intended to resemble, and pass for three pieces of the Queen's current sixpences; to which Holliday pleaded





GUILTY.Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen years


THE HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. BODKIN
conducted the prosecution.





WILLIAM STANNARD.
I am a police-sergeant. On the 30th of December, at half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, I went to a house in Church-street, St. Giles's, with Scotchmen and Fink, two other, policemen—we found the outer door open, and three females in the passage—we passed them—one of them cried out, "Bill, Bill", look out, Bill"—there was a door on the right hand side of the passage leading into a room which was fastened—persons inside that room could hear that call of "Look out, Bill"—we broke open the door, and found it had been fastened by a bed-screw in the floor, about eighteen inches from the bottom of the door, and a piece of wood put up against it—on entering the room I found the three prisoners there, standing by a large clear fire—Holliday had a blue coat on—I believe the others were in their shirt sleeves—there was a table behind them—I handcuffed Holliday—he was the first that was secured—the other constables had a scuffle with the other two men, and during that time I saw something thrown towards the fire—it came from that part of the room where they were scuffling—it fell on tie hob—I took ii up, and found it was a counterfeit sixpence, so hot that I could not hold it, and it had a getattached to it—I produce it—I then proceeded to search the room—I found on the hob, by the side of the fire-place, this pipkin, with a quantity of hot metal in it, in a liquid state—the pipkin was very hot—the metal is in it now—I found two pieces of metal spoon, and a pair of scissors on the mantel-piece, and under the ashes this piece of metal—I saw Scotchmer take an iron spoon off the fire with fluid metal in it—the prisoners were secured, and taken away—Holliday's hands were white—I did not notice the others' hands.





CHARLES SCOTCHMER.
I am a policeman. I accompanied Standard to the house, and saw the prisoners in the room—Holliday had his coat on—Brown had his shirt sleeves turned up, and Graham had his jacket sleeves slipped up—there was a large clear fire, and an iron spoon on it contain


ing metal in a fluid state, which I took off—I assisted in securing the prisoners—I saw Brown throw something towards the fire, and afterwards he threw something white into a basin which stood near the table containing water—he afterwards put his hand into it, and when it came out it was covered with a kind of composition which I found was plaster-of-Paris—in the scuffle he put his foot into the basin, and broke it in pieces, and I picked up part of the contents—I produce what was in it then—I cannot say what it had been—it is in the same state now, only dry—I handcuffed the prisoners—on the floor I found a counterfeit sixpence, and near the table two pieces of metal—within about eighteen inches of the door I found this bed-screw hexed into the floor up to the nut—when we first seized them they endeavored to get away.





JOHN FINK.
I am a policeman. I accompanied the other two officers to the house—I saw a basin under the table—I saw Brown, when I caught hold of him, step his foot on it, and break it in pieces—he did it wilfully—I did not see any thing thrown into the basin—on the floor near the broken basin, I picked up a counterfeit sixpence with a geton it—it was wet, and had part of the composition on it—I found some plaster-of-Paris in a cupboard near the fire-place—all the prisoners' hands were white, particularly Brown's—it was with some composition like plaster-of-Paris—there was nobody but the prisoners in the room—I found 6s. in silver, and a good sixpence on Brown, with composition on it.





MR. JOHN FIELD.
I am inspector of coin to the Mint, and hare been so many years. This is a counterfeit sixpence, cast in white metal—it hat the get attached to it, and is in the state in which it first comes from a mould after casting—here is another counterfeit sixpence which appears to have been cast in the same mould, but the getis broken off—the good sixpence is not like either of the counterfeits—here is another sixpence with the getattached to it, which is of a different mould to the two first—here is what appears to me to be a getfrom a mould corresponding with the sixpence, and here is another part of a get—a mould thrown into water would present the appearance this does—there is no impression on it, but it has the appearance of having been a mould, and there is a discoloration on it as if metal had been on it—here are two pieces of Britannia metal spoons—the metal in the pipkin appears of the same description—this iron spoon would be used to lade the metal out of the pipkin, and pour it into the mould—here is a small quantity of powdered plaster-of-Paris, which would make a mould—scissors are used to cut off the get—here are all the materials for coining, except the mould.

Brown's Defence. I am quite innocent—I was going by the door—Holliday was standing at the door, and asked us to go in and have a game at cards—we did so—I said I would have a wash before I began—I took off my coat, and sat down to have a game at cards, and all at once the door was broke in, and in the confusion I tried to get away—we did not know what was the matter—we were not in the room ten minutes—the policeman knows we were playing at cards.

Graham's Defence. I have nothing more to say than he has said—we went in to play at cards.





WILLIAM STANNARD

re-examined. There were cards on the table, but they were not at play.

BROWN—


GUILTY.Aged 21.

GRAHAM—


GUILTY.Aged 21.
✗



Transported for Fifteen Years



Before Mr.Justice Coleridge.
